Deadly Desire

By Emma Grace

Copyright 2014 Emma Grace

Smashwords Edition

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite eBook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



What Readers are saying about Fatal Desire
book one of the Desire Series by Emma Grace


"Great read! I was able to guess who was the stalker early on because of your great clues along the way."

"This is a definite 5 star book. I read through it without stopping. It is about a nurse who is stalked for over 4 years. The stalker injured or killed any friends she made even though she moved from state to state many times. I will be looking for the sequel when it is available."

"Fatal Desire was a fantastic easy read. Great story that brought intrigue from the very first page. The book leaves plenty of room for a sequel and I can't wait to see it. Never read anything from Emma Grace before but will look for her titles again."

"I loved this book!! I can not wait to start the second one. Only thing is its short. It took me one day to read this. Hope you enjoy it as much as I have!"




♥ Note ♥


Deadly Desire is a fictitious work of the author's imagination.  Though some of the places mentioned throughout the book are real, the characters and storyline are completely made up.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.




♥ Table of Contents ♥


Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Epilogue
Tantalizing Desire
Author's Note
About the Author




♥ Chapter 1 ♥


She was exquisite.  Long black hair and light brown eyes that reflected the light around her.  He had to have her.  He would add her to his collection.  She didn't know he was watching her, but none of them had known he was watching.
This was the part he was good at.  Picking out the pretties to add to his list of beauties that died by his hand.  He enjoyed this.  The watching, the waiting, and the games they did not even know they were playing.
Yes, she would die.  Not tonight, he had to finish playing with the one he already had.  But when he was ready, he would be back for the raven haired beauty.

~

Doctor Kristin Young walked into the exam room.
"Hello, Johnny.  How are you today," she asked the five year old sitting on her table.
"Hi.  I wost my first toof, Doctour Woung," Johnny replied in his lisping five year old voice.
"You did," Kristin asked putting just the right amount of excitement into her voice.
"Uh huh," Johnny said nodding his head vigorously.
"Well, let me see."  She laughed as Johnny grinned at her, opened his mouth, and pointed out his accomplishment.
"Wow, you did lose a tooth, didn't you?  So tell me what is going on with you today?"
Kristin listened as Johnny told her about his adventures of playing cops and robbers with one of his friends at the daycare he attended while his mother worked.  He had fallen off of the monkey bars and had a nasty little cut on his forehead.  Kristin kept Johnny talking while she probed and cleaned the cut.
"Did you get all the bad guys?"  Kristin's patients loved her.  She interacted with each child as if they were her own and when they were in her exam room, they were the most important person in the world.  She always talked with them about their symptoms, what they were feeling, and gathered as much information from the child as she did the parents, providing the child was old enough to talk to her.
Kristin, a pediatrician in the Atlanta area, owned a small private practice not far from downtown.  With her natural love and devotion to children, it did not take long to build a practice to just the size she wanted.  She had gotten to the stage where she could be as picky about what patients, or mothers, she accepted, as the mothers were about choosing a pediatrician.
Listening to Johnny's excited chatter about the game he played with his friend made her smile.  He was so into his story and what he was telling her, he did not even realize she had to put three stitches into the cut he received for his adventure.
"Wow, you put all of them in jail," she asked.
"Yep, all ov 'um.  Me and Kyle make a gweat team, huh doctour," asked Johnny.
"You do make a great team," Kristin replied smiling at the little blond headed imp on her table.  Johnny was one of the first of Kristin's patients when she started her practice.  She knew the child and mother well.  Johnny was forever getting into scrapes.  He was a rambunctious child.  Kristin would be worried if he wasn't.  She often explained to his mother she would be more concerned for the child if she didn't see the bumps and bruises that told her he was an active, happy child.
Turning to the mother she said, "He should be fine now.  If he complains of a headache, and he should with that nasty bump, just give him a little children's Tylenol or Motrin and he should be just fine.  I think he will live to seek out many more adventures."  Kristin winked at Johnny.
"Thanks, Doctor Young.  I appreciate you seeing us on such short notice.  I just panicked seeing him bleeding like that," Johnny's mother replied.
"No problem, Susie.  That's what I'm here for.  Never worry about needing to call me."  Kristin grabbed Johnny and swung him off her table.
"You know where the big boy sucker drawer is right, Johnny," she asked, though she already knew the answer to that question.
Johnny nodded and took off running across the room.  His mother laughed and shook her head.  Kristin was still smiling as she stepped out of the exam room and into the next to see her next patient.
Kristin had a full schedule that day, which always made her smile, but took a lot out of her by the end of the day.  She was about ready to call it quits for the day when her receptionist reminded her about the new couple coming to interview her to be their new pediatrician.  Kristin sighed and put her white lab coat back on.  She knew most parents wanted a doctor that looked professional and qualified and while she was certainly both, she did not look like it.
Good genes handed down on both her mother and father's side of the family had the thirty-three year old doctor looking more like a twenty-one year old college student.  Most of the parents who interviewed her were shocked by her appearance.
Kristin had long, raven, black hair that reached just past her shoulders and light brown eyes.  Standing at just five foot three, she was a little on the short side.  She was small and petite and looked as though she should be modeling rather than giving shots and taking temperatures.  But Kristin loved what she did and it showed as she animatedly described her practice and her beliefs.
Most of the people who came to see Kristin were there because another patient's parents had highly recommended her.  It still did not take away from the surprise of meeting her for the first time and could be a turn off for some parents.  Kristin was fine with this.  She knew what she was capable off and did not need the judgment of others as she was treating their children.  She either had the parent's full trust or she recommended they try another pediatrician.
Usually the high recommendations from her patients' parents were enough to convince other parents to seek out her services.  Kristin doted on her patients and most parents enjoy when others notice and praise their child's accomplishments.  Her love of children and her energetic personality combined to put parents at ease when she was treating their child.
Kristin's patients ranged in age from newborn babies all the way up to eighteen years of age when she would often recommend a general practice doctor for the young adult.  She had a few patients who have separation anxiety due to Down syndrome or some other mental disease and so she continued to see those patients, but mostly her waiting room was full of babies and toddlers.
Looking over the file her receptionist had started on the new family, she remembered the expectant mother's name from her work at the hospital when her new patients were born.  No doubt that's where the mother had heard of her.  Amber and Derek Stevenson were expecting their first baby in three months and the mother wanted her to be their pediatrician.
She read the information her receptionist had gathered.  Mary Stone had been with her since she started her practice.  She knew exactly what Kristin was looking for in a parent and often discouraged those she determined where not a good fit.  It saved Kristin a lot of time and headache.  Mary was more than just a receptionist.
Mary and Kristin had been friends in high school.  Never dreaming the two would work together someday, they went their separate ways during college always keeping touch.  Mary wanted to work in an office.  She was good with people and had a head for numbers.  Kristin wanted to be a doctor.  After finishing medical school and completing her residency, Kristin contacted Mary about opening her own office.
Mary jumped at the chance to work with Kristin and help her build her practice.  Refusing to do managerial work, Mary preferred to interact with the parents and chose to stay the receptionist although Kristin had complete faith in Mary's ability to run her office.  She knew Mary secretly did run the office although Kimber, her office manager, would never admit that out loud.
Kristin loved her staff and was happy with the work ethic of everyone she employed.  She wasn't sure how she had been lucky enough to have as great of a staff as she did, but she contributed a lot of it to Mary.
Kristin looked up from the file she was reading as Mary walked in.  Her receptionist was the same age as she but slightly taller at five foot five.  She had beautiful auburn hair which she usually kept clipped back out of her face.  Her lightly tanned skin and brilliant green eyes often drew stares from the men who walk into their office, but Mary paid no attention.
"The Stevenson's are here to see you."
"Thanks, Mary.  You can send them in."
Although the girls were the best of friends, they both knew how to act professional in the office and in front of patients.  Mary led the Stevenson's into the office and introduced them to Kristin.
"Doctor Young, I'd like you to meet Derek and Amber Stevenson," she said and then turned and left the room.
Kristin stood and shook hands with both Derek and his wife recognizing Amber from the hospital where she worked as a nurse.  Amber sometimes filled in for sick or vacationing nurses in the maternity ward and she and Kristen had worked together a few times.
"It's nice to meet you, Derek.  And it is good to see you again, Amber," she said warmly, sitting back down behind her desk.  She decided Amber must have prepared Derek well for her appearance because he didn't bat an eye at her youthful face.
"It's nice to see you again too, Doctor Young," Amber said.
The ladies talked about their work at the hospital, forming a bond as Derek watched them interact.  Amber had already described the petite, young, doctor to him so he was not surprised when he met her.  He had complete faith in his wife's ability to choose a pediatrician for their first child and she said Kristin Young was the best.
"I know your reputation from the hospital," Amber was saying.  "And I also know you're choosey about your patients."
"I am very careful who I choose to see although I do not often share that fact," Kristin said.
Amber laughed.  "Nurses talk," she replied.
Kristin smiled and nodded and asked the couple a few questions.  She then took them on a tour of her office, gave them the run down on her credentials, and explained her policies regarding her patients.  She wanted any of her parents to know they could call her anytime with a question regarding their children and she would get back with them at her earliest convenience.  If parents called the office afterhours, her cell and pager numbers were both listed as emergency numbers.
Amber nodded as Kristin talked.  She already knew she wanted Kristin as her pediatrician and hoped she would accept them.  She did not begrudge the young doctor for being choosey about her patients.  She understood how many parents could ruin a doctor's reputation if you did not handle them properly.  Kristin just wanted to treat children.  She didn't want the drama that came with the parents.  Because of these facts and her reputation at the hospital, Amber had not even discussed or looked for another pediatrician.
Kristin liked the Stevenson's immediately.  Ending the tour she turned to Amber and said, "Welcome to my practice.  I would love to treat your child."
"'Thank you, Doctor Young," Amber responded with a smile.
"Please, call me Kristin," she told her.  "After all, we do work together, and now we will probably see more of each other."
The couple shook hands with the doctor again and left the office.  Kristin went back to her desk, took off her lab coat, and hung it on the coat rack in the corner of her office.  As she looked around, she couldn't help but be proud of her accomplishments.  She had been told by college professors, fellow students, and other colleagues she would not be able to cut it as a physician.  She had been criticized, mocked, and laughed at from the time she began medical school until a couple of years after starting her practice.
Now, she was a well known pediatrician whom many of her colleagues respected and admired.  She was often asked to consult on difficult cases.  She smiled to herself.  The mocking and criticisms only made her more determined to work harder.  And she had done what everyone had told her she couldn't.
Walking through her office told the story.  She had started in a small medical office with only one exam room.  Mary was her only employee.  Kristin was her own nurse that first year.  But with faith and patience and the trust from parents, Kristin's practice took off rapidly.  Within a year she had hired a nurse, an office manager, and a girl to handle all of their insurance claims.
Needing more space, Kristin was ecstatic when this office became available.  Another doctor was building the new office when he suddenly went bankrupt because an employee was stealing from the practice.  It all came to light just before completion of the building and the other doctor could no longer afford the expense of the new office.
The building was just the size Kristin needed and the layout was perfect.  It had three exam rooms, two large waiting rooms, and a reception area that served both waiting rooms.  She loved the architecture of the building and it was located in a great area.  Believing her practice would continue its current growth she was able to convince her bank to give her a business loan to buy the building.  Because of the circumstances, she was able to get it at a great price.
She and Mary had decorated the office themselves.  One of the waiting rooms was set up for sick children while the other was set up for children who were injured or having their checkups.  Parents loved the separation.  Mary was easily able to service both sides from her reception office.
Both waiting rooms had been equipped with toys and books for kids of all ages.  There were colorful rugs for the kids to sit on and play and small tables set up for them to sit at and read.  Some parents would schedule well child checkups with other parents just so their children could play together in the office while waiting for the doctor.
Kristin smiled as she turned the lights off in each room she came too.  She and Mary had so much fun picking out pictures and paint for the office.  No brownish, tannish walls in their office.  It was truly decorated as a child's wonderland.  Her exam rooms had been lovingly dubbed the ocean room, the forest room, and the dinosaur room, by her patients.  The names stuck and now all of them referred to the rooms by those names rather than exam room one, two, or three.

Later that evening, as Kristin came home to an empty apartment, she tossed her keys on the coffee table, slipped out of her shoes and into some slippers, and searched through her freezer for a frozen meal she could heat up for dinner.  She was single and liked it that way.  She needed the quiet at the end of a long day of sick babies and whinny children.  Although she loved each and every one of those children, she still needed some down time.
As her dinner heated up, she walked to her bedroom and changed from her business suite to her pajamas.  She liked big, fluffy pajama bottoms and a soft t-shirt to laze around the house in.  Padding back to the kitchen just as the microwave dinged, Kristin grabbed her food and headed straight for her television set in the living room.
She sat on the couch, grabbed the remote, and started searching through her recorded programs.  Choosing one of her favorite crime scene shows, she began watching as the stars searched for the cause of death of the latest innocent victim.
Kristin loved crime shows.  She recorded everyone she could week after week and watched them when she had time.  When she wasn't watching television, she was curled up with a good mystery novel.  This was her way of coping with some of the tragedies and misery her patients and families have to endure.  A child who has cancer, diabetes, or any other of the horrible diseases that, so far, have no cure.  Having to explain to the parents what their child will have to live with.  Not every day was like that, but some could be and it weighed on Kristin when one of her patients hurt.  Knowing and understanding she could not save the world did nothing to heal the hurt in a child's eyes and the heaviness in her heart.
Finishing her supper and her show, Kristin walked back to the kitchen and threw away her trash.  She pulled the cookie dough and the milk from the refrigerator.  She poured a glass of milk and went back to the living room with the raw cookie dough and the glass of milk in hand.  Comfort food, she thought as she looked through her list of shows again.
Halfway through the next show, the phone rang.  Kristin answered on the second ring and was glad to hear her mother's voice on the other end.
"How's my baby," her mother asked.
"Not a baby anymore, Mother," Kristin laughed.
"You know you will always be my baby," her mother replied.
"I know, Mom."  They always started their conversations this way.  Her mother never let her forget she was the baby of the family and the last to leave the nest.  She also never failed to remind Kristin it was her turn to marry and give her grandchildren.
"Now," her mother said, "How is my baby girl really."
"I'm fine, Mom, really.  How are you and daddy?"
"Well, your dad has this wild hair up his butt about remodeling my kitchen.  Can you believe it?  He doesn't even use the kitchen and he wants to come in here and mess it all up," her mother complained.  Kristin rolled her eyes.  Her mother had wanted to remodel that kitchen since the day she moved into the house ten years earlier.
She heard the phone click and her dad's voice came on the phone, "Don't you be telling any fibs now, Margaret," her dad said.  "You've been griping about that kitchen for years.  I'm simply agreeing to let you do something about it."
"Now, Paul, I have not done any such thing.  I can't believe you want to mess with my beautiful kitchen," her mother interjected.  Kristin just listened to her parents argue over whose idea it was to remodel the kitchen.  She knew from experience not to get involved.  She also knew it would be awhile before they would remember she was on the line.  She sighed and walked to her bathroom.   She might as well get some cleaning done while her parents "discussed" their kitchen problem.
She gathered up her laundry and began a load of towels as her parents continued the conversation.  Finally done with their argument, her dad asked how she was doing and she once again replied she was fine.
"Well, I hope you're taking care of yourself, Kitten," her dad said calling her by the pet name he had given her as a little girl.
Kristin looked at the cookie dough lying on the coffee table.  "Of course I am, Dad," she replied.
"Are you doing okay in that big city you live in?"
"Everything's good.  My practice is thriving and I'm taking care of myself.  You don't have to worry."  Her dad and she always had this same conversation when he got on the phone.  Talking to her parents was like going through a recording.  Nevertheless she loved both of them too much not to let them baby her when they called.
Her parents lived about five hours away from her in Alabama and she visited as often as she dared.  They met and married later in life and she was the baby of three girls.  Her sisters had already hit their forties and her parents were in their seventies, although they acted as if they were still in their thirties.  Nothing slowed them down.  
Both of her older sisters had already given her parents a total of five grandchildren.  Her mother wanted more and never failed to mention it to her.  Her father often told her mother to leave her alone.  She would find a husband at the right time for her just like they did.  Her mother would smile and agree to let the matter drop.
Her parents were the perfect example of a loving relationship.  She hoped to one day find exactly what they had.  Her father still adored her mother even after forty-three years of marriage.  Her mother still looked at her father as if he was the only man in the world.  Yes, they bickered about silly things, but they loved each other unconditionally.  And she loved the both of them.
After talking with her parents for another thirty minutes they ended their conversation with a promise from her to visit in a couple of weeks.  Kristin sighed again as she hung up the phone.  She missed being close to her parents, but was careful about how often she visited.  She always tried to make herself available for her patients.  When she visited, she asked another physician to cover in case of emergencies.  It was not easy for her to turn her patients over to the care of another doctor.
Sighing again, Kristin picked up the cookie dough, took a big bite and turned the television back on.  She forgot about her lonely thoughts as she once again lost herself in her show.
A couple of hours later, Kristin turned off the television and walked back to the kitchen.  She was a neat freak by nature so she had to clean the kitchen thoroughly before going to bed.  Setting the alarm on her way back through the house, Kristin crawled into bed and turned her thoughts to the next day.




♥ Chapter 2 ♥


He was having so much fun with this latest one.  She screamed and screamed.  And the more she screamed the more excited he became.  It was remarkable how her voice was just the right pitch to make him giddy with laughter.  He would draw this out as long as he could and then he would move on to his next target.

~

Matthew Stevenson was having one hell of a day at his office.  The state police were all over him for not getting back to them sooner.  They had a serial killer on their hands and they needed a profile fast.  He tried explaining it didn't work that way.  He needed their files, everything they had.  He needed time to study what they had. And then, after days of studying and hours of concentration, he would give them a profile.
The state didn't want to wait.  He understood that.  The Governor wanted answers and so far no one had any.  "The Georgia Terror", as the media had dubbed him, first came on the scene about two years ago from what they could tell.  It wasn't until about six months earlier that the different counties the killer had visited began to connect it back to one man.
TGT, as the state now called him, liked to carve up his victims slowly and carefully, letting them bleed for days.  From what they could tell so far, he started at the victim's feet.  Matt assumed this was so she could not run.  While slicing up their feet, he would carve a heart into his victim's right ankle.
The bloody heart had led the police to identify eight victims so far, all female, and each from a different county in Georgia, and each dumped in another county in Georgia.  They speculated he was at about one body per three months.
Matt decided he would have to visit each county to get the information he needed from each case as the locals were not very forthcoming with all of the evidence.  Each precinct was too concerned with solving their own cases to allow the Federal Bureau of Investigation to interfere.  Once the media had gotten wind of the connection between the bodies, the individual police departments had no other alternative but to hand over the evidence.  He believed in cooperation and giving credit where it is was due, so going to each local county and talking with the cops involved in the different investigations was best all around.
Thanks to the media, Georgia residents were in a panic.  This could be good and bad.  Good, because girls of the type of TGT's victims were being careful not to go out alone.  Bad, because vigilantes, seeing something they think is suspicious, tend to hurt innocent people.  Matt sighed and ran his hand across his face.
Matt reached for the phone and called his brother.  He hated to bother him, but he wanted his input.  Derek was with his wife looking for a baby doctor, but Matt knew this couldn't wait.  He also knew his new sister-in-law would understand the urgency.
"Derek Stevenson," Derek answered the phone.
"Hey, Derek," Matt said.
"Hey, Matt.  What's up?  Miss me already," Derek teased his brother.
"Yeah, you know I just can't do my job properly without little brother looking over my shoulder," Matt quipped back.  He had been thrilled when Derek had requested a transfer from his job in Washington, D.C., to his office in Atlanta.  The brothers had often conferred on cases during their career but none so much as when Derek was tracking the stalker of the woman who was now his wife.
They worked well together and everyone in the Bureau liked the matchup.  The brothers solved cases.
Matt filled Derek in on the cases coming across his desk and informed him he would need to go out of town to look into them.
"Want me to come with," asked Derek.
"I could definitely use your insight, but I don't want to take you away from Amber so close to her delivery."
"Amber will understand.  Besides, the baby isn't due for three months.  Surely we will have caught up with this maniac by then."
Matt breathed a sigh of relief.  With the Governor breathing down his neck it would be nice to have Derek along for the ride.  Two sets of eyes are always better than one.  "Thanks, Derek."
"No problem, Brother."  Derek hung up the phone and turned to Amber who was looking at him with a question in her eyes.  He explained what Matt had told him and she agreed he needed to go.  She assured him she would be fine.  They had just returned from the doctor's office so Amber went upstairs to pack a bag for her husband.
After finishing that task, Amber went into her kitchen and packed some homemade goodies for the men.  Both enjoyed her cooking so she packed as much as she could so they would not have to eat fast food everyday they were gone.  She kissed her husband and sent him on his way.
She thought about what Derek had told her.  She hated to think about what those poor girls were going through.  She could relate to being stalked, but thanks to Derek, her stalker had been unable to harm her physically.  Emotionally, yes.  But not physically, although she had no doubt he would have tried.
Amber went on to bed.  She had a long shift at the hospital the next day, and the baby was getting quite active, which put further strain on her when she had to stand for hours a day.  Derek and Matt had not gotten far before Amber was sound asleep.

Matt was thankful for the food Amber had packed.  His sister-in-law was one hell of a cook and he joined them for dinner as often as he was able.  As they drove, he and Derek snacked on some of Amber's home baked cookies.  They discussed the case so they could get a feel for what they were dealing with.
Matt decided to start with the very first body.  They would visit the county she was dumped, talk with the coroner and the police department, and then visit the county she disappeared from.  They would talk with friends and family and get an idea of who the victim was.  This would tell the brothers what type of victim TGT looked for.
Looking at the counties of each victim and where they were dumped may help them locate where the killer would go next.  And if triangulated properly, may tell them where the killer most likely lived.
Although it was late when they left Atlanta, Matt and Derek still made it to their destination before having to find a hotel for the evening.  Derek grabbed their bags as Matt booked them a room.  It was too late to talk to anyone so the men would get a good rest and start fresh in the morning.

~

Kristin started the next day with a toddler who had stuffed a bean up his nose, a teething six month old, and a new born with colic.  She walked into chaos as each child was trying to outdo the other in the screaming department.  Her day seemed to get worse from there.
By lunchtime she had a headache the size of Texas behind her right eye and knew if she didn't do something soon it would turn into a migraine.  She didn't often get migraines, but when she did, they were usually bad.  She took some Excedrin and told Mary she would be in her office.  She turned off the light and lay her head down on her desk.  Some days were just like this.
By the end of the day Kristin's head was throbbing.  Driving herself home carefully, Kristin walked into her apartment, changed, and went straight to bed.  If she could just get some sleep, she would be fine in the morning.
Kristin's eyes popped open at five the next morning.  She groaned, knowing she would not be able to get back to sleep.  Deciding to get started on her day, Kristin climbed out of bed and into her shower.  Luckily, she felt so much better this morning with no sign of the headache from the day before.
Applying her makeup and fixing her hair never really took a long time for her in the mornings so she was showered dressed and ready for work by six.  She had some research she could catch up on so she hit a drive thru and went on in to the office.  It would be almost two hours before patients would start to show for their appointments, but Kristin liked the quiet and solitude of her office in the mornings when no one was there.
Mary arrived at seven thirty and was straightening the office and getting ready for patients when Kristin walked into the lobby.
"How's your head?"
"Much better," Kristin replied.
"I hope we had all the screamers yesterday."
"Me too."  Kristin helped Mary straighten some of the chairs and pick up magazines, books, and toys off the floor.  It seemed every evening the waiting room looked as if a tornado had come through but they were all too tired at the end of the day to deal with it, so this was Mary's routine in the morning.  If Kristin came in early, she would help as they talked about their evenings and what was expected for the day.
Kristin was the doctor but she never treated her staff as if she were better than them in anyway.  She often pitched in and helped where needed and they all respected her more for that.  It made for an easier day if she and Mary could discuss the schedule while both were straightening the lobby.
Kristin waved as Kimber came in.  She also joined them and they continued to discuss the day's schedule.  Kimber Hall was the oldest of the group of ladies Kristin employed.  Close to forty, the office manager was a welcome addition to Kristin's staff.  It helped to have someone who was willing to deal with irate parents, sales people, and office issues so Kristin could focus on her patients.
Kimber kept her blond hair cropped short in a cute pixie cut that showed off her pretty face.  The mother of three, she was well versed in handling petty squabbles that could arise in an office full of women.  Although they all got along well for the most part, problems could arise from time to time.  The staff knew not to bring those problems to Kristin.
Mary and Kimber were always the first to arrive at the office in the mornings followed by her nurse, Jennifer Langston and then her insurance guru, Teresa Joy.  Jennifer, a graduate of the nursing program at the University of Georgia, was well liked by Kristin's patients.  She could give ouch less shots, great hugs, and also treated the patients as if they were super special.  As a mother, Jennifer knew how to handle all types of children.  She was well suited for Kristin's office.
Jennifer wore her long blond hair in a ponytail almost every day to keep it out of the reach of grasping, sometimes sticky fingers.  She was quick and efficient in everything she did.  She complemented Kristin so well that the parents trusted her almost as much as they trusted Kristin.  It made it easier for her to talk with moms over the phone to determine if a child needed to be seen or if a little Motrin was a better option.
Teresa was Kristin's resident genius.  She handled all of the office insurance claims, rejections, and payments.  She stayed on top of the latest changes in medical coding to ensure a faster payment from the many insurance companies they dealt with.
Teresa was the tallest of the ladies in the office at five foot six.  Constantly complaining about her weight while stuffing a snack cake in her mouth, Teresa was a little plumper than the rest of the girls in the office.  She was self conscious about her weight and missed that her personality showed her true beauty.  Funny and witty, she could have the other girls in stitches over a story she told.
She wore her light brown hair just past her shoulders, framing her face and light brown eyes.  She was also single and had no children.  At thirty five, she was beginning to wonder if she would ever find Mr. Right.
Once everyone was in, they would usually meet in Kimber's office for a quick staff meeting before starting the morning.  Kristin always enjoyed this time.  She felt it kept everyone on the same page throughout the day and brought the staff closer.  As soon as the meeting was over, each of the ladies went their separate ways and began preparing their individual stations for patients.  Within the hour, the office was alive with active children.

~

Matt and Derek met with the coroner of Laurens County first thing the next morning and looked at photographs of the autopsy of twenty year old Amanda Johnson.  Amanda had been left in a ditch on the side of the road on the out skirts of Dublin.  The Laurens County police department got the call when a trucker discovered the body while driving by.
Amanda Johnson was a student at Georgia State University and was taken right off campus in Athens, Georgia, which was located in Clark County.  She had black hair and brown eyes and was a member of the cheerleading squad.  She had been missing for three months before she was found.
Amanda's body told a sordid tale of a maniac who enjoyed torturing his victims.  The coroner, a short balding man, pointed out that the cuts and markings on the feet and legs of the body were the oldest and had begun to heal before Amanda had finally been killed.  The carved heart on the ankle stood out among all the other markings.
The men left the coroner's office with heavy hearts.  They already had a grim picture of what they were dealing with.  Matt could tell by the condition of the body, it was not The Georgia Terror's first kill.  There were no hesitation marks, no signs of a novice.  She had been beaten and cut for days.  All of the cuts were in the right place to make her bleed just enough to continue to stay alive.  The bastard had tortured her for at least a month before finally putting her out of her misery.
Obviously this guy had done this before.  They needed to find out where.  Matt began making phone calls as they drove to the police station.  The Laurens County Police Department was very cooperative with the men when asked to see their files.  A few of the deputies helped make copies of everything they had so Matt and Derek could get back on the road faster.
They interviewed each of the policemen involved in the case and learned their first thoughts and impressions when the investigation began.  This gave them insight to how the investigation had been handled.  As a profiler, Matt had to look at every piece of the puzzle and that included the investigating officers.
Two hours later, Matt and Derek left Laurens County satisfied they had learned all they could from those involved in the case.  Their next stop would be Clark County.  Although it had been two years since Amanda had been found, they hoped to interview friends or anyone who had went to school with her.  Later they would head to her hometown not far from the college and talk with her family.
The brothers discussed what they had learned in great detail as they drove.  Derek agreed with Matt that Amanda Johnson was not the first victim of TGT.  There were more bodies either not yet found and identified or not yet connected to this killer.  Matt had his office working on this bit of information.
As the men pulled into Clark County, they decided to stop for lunch before heading to the college.  Derek called his wife to check in with her as Matt placed their order.
"Hello," Amber answered her cell.
"Hey, Sweetheart.  How are you and the baby," Derek asked.
Amber smiled.  "The baby and I are just fine.  How is it going with you?"
Derek filled Amber in on what they had learned leaving out some of the more gruesome details.  Often, her knowledge as a nurse had been insightful on some of their more recent cases.
"Sounds like this guy has some sort of medical knowledge if he is careful not to let the girl bleed out too soon," Amber stated.
"That's kind of what we were thinking," Derek replied.  "That or he has been practicing for a long time."
Amber shuddered to think what he might be practicing on.  Derek and Amber continued to talk as the men waited for their food.  He told her loved her, asked her to please be careful, and hung up just as the waitress sat their plates in front of them.
Amber knew he was just concerned about her safety and she didn't blame him after what she had been through with her stalker and what he saw on a daily basis.  She was always more cautious now than she had ever been before and Derek had taught her self-defense and had bought her a tiny hand gun.  Yes, she was much more careful.




♥ Chapter 3 ♥


He had finished with his latest pretty and was now on the hunt for the next one.  He had so enjoyed the last.  She screamed so well for him.  He had gotten every last scream from her he could get before finally ending it.  After awhile they were no longer any fun.  Yes, time to get a new one after he dumped the one he had just finished with.  And he already had the new pretty picked out.  In just a few days he would go and get her.

~

Matt and Derek continued their investigation into TGT's victims.  The second victim, as far as they knew, was twenty-four year old Hannah Bates.  She had been taken from Twiggs County, Georgia, and was later dumped in Long County.  As with the first body, Hannah had simply been dumped in a ditch on the side of the road for anyone to discover.
Matt noted this as it was another piece of the puzzle to the killer's mind set.  When he was done with the torture and the kill, he was finished.  There was no trying to hide the body, or trying to cover up the gruesomeness of his crimes.  And he probably thought he was invincible and would never get caught.
After several days of driving and hours of investigation, Matt and Derek drove back to Atlanta with the information they had gathered.  Matt had learned TGT's type.  He seemed to go after women with dark brown or black hair and almost all of his victims had brown eyes.  They were all between the ages of twenty and twenty-four.  All had been tortured in the exact same way and the exact same pattern starting with the feet and moving up the body.  All had a heart carved into their right ankle.
Matt and Derek spent two more days pouring over the evidence before presenting a profile and updating the Governor on what they had found.  The men issued a press release detailing the type of women TGT liked to pick up and urged all women to never go out alone.
The crime lab was retesting every piece of evidence collected in each of these cases to see if there were any common threads that stood out.  Anything that could tell them who this guy was, where he lived, or where he was taking these woman.

~

Kristin was missing her family.  She made arrangements with another doctor to be on call for her patients and had Mary change the message on their answering machine to reflect this change.  She let the girls know where she was going as she always did just in case something were to happen and she was unable to get back.  After locking up the office at noon on Friday, Kristin grabbed her bags and hit the interstate.
She called her parents to let them know she was coming for a visit.  Her mother was so excited and began rapidly planning a family get together.  Before Kristin could complete the drive she had heard from her mother three times and both sisters at least once.  Her mother even had her dad call to check on her progress.  They treated her as if she didn't know her way home and were worried about her driving such a long way.
Kristin just rolled her eyes at each new call and refrained from reminding them just how old she was and how long she had been driving.  She just wanted to listen to the radio and enjoy the drive, but the calls kept coming.
The next time the phone rang, Kristin answered a little shortly.
"Do you know I am more likely to have an accident talking on the phone to one of my crazy family members while driving, than I am if I just drive home undistracted," she snapped.
"Well, nice to talk to you too," a sexy Texas drawl sounded over the phone.
"Jim," Kristin cried.  "How are you?"  Jim was her favorite brother-in-law.  He was married to her oldest sister and was always great fun to be around.
"A little stung, but I reckon I'll make it alright.  How's my little sis," Jim asked.
"Frustrated, did mom put you up to calling me to see where I am.  I swear she thinks someone has to be on the phone with me the entire way home.  I shouldn't have called her and told her I was coming," Kristin griped.
Jim chuckled.  "Well, she's cooking ribs, Kristin, and you know I can't resist your momma's ribs.  She threatened me.  I had to call or no ribs."
Kristin smiled.  That sounded just exactly like something her mother would do.  "I'm sorry for biting your head off.  Mom's ribs are definitely a big deal.  But you tell mom if someone else calls me before my car pulls in that driveway, I will turn around at the next exit and head back home."
"Will do, Kristin.  Be careful," Jim said as he hung up the phone.  Kristin could hear the noise in the background while she had been talking to her brother-in-law and knew everyone was at her parent's house but her.  She was getting closer and they would all just have to wait.  She turned the radio up and ignored the next call that came in.
Pulling into her parent's driveway less than an hour later, Kristin breathed a sigh of relief.  She had been driving for five hours straight.  She was tired, hungry, and needed to use the bathroom.
She should have known that was unlikely to happen any time soon.  First she had to hug all of her nieces and nephews.  Then she had to talk to her sisters and their husbands.  Finally, after a quick conversation with her parents, she made it to the privacy of the bathroom.
After washing up Kristin joined the rest of the family in her parent's large living room.  It was a noisy affair as it often was when her family got together.  The youngest of the grandchildren, dark headed, two year old Jillian, crawled into her lap and laid her head on her chest.  Kristin had always been the favorite aunt of all the children because she would get in the floor and play with them.  She played anything from tea and princesses to football and baseball.  The children loved it when Aunt Kristin came to visit.
The family sat and talked in the living room for about fifteen minutes before Kristin's mom ushered them to the dining room table.  After the family settled in, her dad said Grace and they all began eating.  Her mother could cook so well that not a word was spoken the first few minutes of the meal.  Kristin enjoyed these times with her family.
"So, Kristin, how's your practice going," her oldest sister Nicole asked, breaking the silence.
"Really well, Kristin replied.  She told her sister about some of the patients she was treating and everyone enjoyed the story of little Johnny and his game of cops and robbers that earned him three stitches.  The children were laughing at Kristin's imitation of Johnny's lisp.
Both of Kristin's sisters had the same black hair and light brown eyes she did.  Nicole, the oldest of the three girls, was married to Jim and had two daughters of her own.  Her middle sister, Amy was married to Greg and had one girl and two boys.  The boys had been a welcome addition in a household full of girls.  The children ranged in age from two years old to fifteen years old.
After dinner, Kristin went outside with the children for a friendly game of football.  The husbands joined the game and the wives sat on the porch cheering them on.  This was Kristin's favorite time with her family.
Kristin stayed the weekend with her parents then headed back home Sunday afternoon to get ready for the work week.  She was exhausted from her trip, playing with the children, and dealing with her mother's not so subtle hints about finding a husband.  When she got home, she took a long, hot shower and climbed in bed early.  She slept soundly until the alarm clock went off the next morning.

At the end of the week, Kristin was finishing up in her office from the day's patients she had seen.  She was making notes and going over her files to make sure she hadn't forgotten to document something.  She was often the last person in her office and would be the one to lock up before going home.  Since today was Friday, she wanted to make sure she was done for the week before heading home for the weekend.
When she finished her task, she drove home and went into her apartment.  Looking around in her refrigerator she found it bare.  She closed the door and decided to walk down to the local convenience store for something to eat.  They had sliced pizza and nachos and she could grab a Mountain Dew.  Besides, she needed some form of exercise if she was going to eat that type of junk.
Kristin put on a pair of shorts, a t-shirt, and some running shoes.  Locking her apartment door behind her, she placed her keys in her purse and started a quick paced walk toward the little store about two blocks from where she lived.
Kristin never made it to the store.  As she was walking, Kristin had put in her earphones and was listening to music.  Just as she was walking past a white cargo van with a painting logo on the side, someone slipped a black bag over her face.  Before she could think to scream, Kristin smelled something sweet covering her nose.  She fainted just as she was tossed into the back of the van.

~

Matt was in his office staring at the pictures of the eight bodies they had discovered so far when Derek came in.
"Just got a call from Henry County.  Got another body," Derek said grimly.
Matt sighed, grabbed his coat and his keys and headed out the door.  Derek followed relaying all of the details from the phone call.  There was no doubt in anyone's mind it belonged to The Georgia Terror.
Matt drove in silence at first.  Henry County was just two counties over from where they were in Atlanta.  His mind was spinning fast.  One of the discoveries his brother had noticed during the investigation was when a body was dumped in one county, the next girl was typically picked up not more than a couple of counties from the dump site.  If TGT had not already taken his next victim, they could issue a press release targeted at the surrounding counties to be extra careful.  Matt shared this news with his brother.
"I'll make the call," Derek said although both men knew this would bring on a slew of reporters.
"Thanks," Matt replied.
This case was eating at him.  He had never let one affect him like this one did.  They dealt with sick, disturbing people on a daily basis.  He looked at hundreds of ghastly images of victims and innocent children.  He had learned not to let it get to him.  But for some reason, this case was different.  This one was personal.  This perpetrator was using his state as his personal hunting grounds.
Derek could feel the tension radiating off Matt.  The brothers had always been close so Derek was aware how badly this case was bothering Matt.  He spent more than twice the amount of time on this case each day as he did the others on his desk.  Granted none were as pressing as this case was, but that was still unusual for his brother.
In less than an hour, the brothers were walking the scene of the latest body dump.  Matt and Derek interviewed as many of the deputies as they could, trying to get first impressions and as much detail as possible.  They asked to have all the evidence shipped back to Atlanta so it could be evaluated with the evidence from the other bodies.
Matt then turned his focus to the coroner.  The body had already been moved by the time the brothers had arrived, so Matt drove the short distance to the coroner's office.
Matt introduced himself and Derek to the local coroner, a female in her mid forties.  "Nice to meet you, gentlemen," she said as she shook hands with the two FBI agents.
Evelyn Lawson had been the Henry County coroner for five years and although nothing big ever happened in Henry County, she took her job very seriously.  She led the men to the body and gave them a rundown off her preliminary findings.
"I haven't began the autopsy, gentlemen.  You're welcome to stay and watch or come back when I have more news," she stated.
"I think we will grab some lunch and meet back with you within the hour.  Will that give you enough time," Matt asked.
"That should be sufficient.  If you're unfamiliar with the area, there's a great little dinner just down the street.  It's within walking distance," Evelyn replied.
"Thanks, we'll give it a try."  Matt shook Evelyn's hand and left the autopsy room.
"Did you notice anything about that body," Matt asked his brother when they had stepped outside.
"Yeah, I did," Derek sighed.
"He's progressing.  She must have done exactly as he needed her too."
"She was a lot more cut up than the others.  He's getting better at his technique.  It looks like he was able to draw this one out longer than the others," Derek observed.
"We'll know more when Evelyn is finished with her findings."
The men walked to the diner Evelyn had mentioned and found a booth.  Looking at a menu, Derek ordered the meatloaf and Matt chose the country fried pork chop.  They continued to discuss the case as they waited for the waitress to return with their meal.
"I just don't know how this guy is simply taking these women off the street with no witnesses or signs of abduction.  He's taken three since the media has been all over this," Matt said.
"You would think the women in Georgia would not be going out alone anymore.  We need more public awareness of what this guy is capable of and what he is looking for."
"I know," Matt sighed.  "I just don't think it's enough though.  Some of these young girls don't listen to the news.  They're not paying attention to the world around them."
"You're right.  It's the age.  He has picked a perfect target," Derek replied.
The waitress came back to their table with two steaming plates of meat and vegetables and laid it down in front of the men.  She also placed a basket of cornbread on the table for them to share.
"Are you boys the two FBI agents in town looking at that dead body they found just down the road," she asked after setting the food down.
"We are," Matt answered.
"Well, I'll be.  Ain't nothin' like that ever happened round here before.  Is it one of that Georgia Terror's girls," she asked excitedly.
"Looks like it," Derek answered.  "But we're not allowed to talk about the case."
The waitress looked a little disappointed but told them to let her know if they needed anything.  Matt shook his head as she walked away.
"I realize no one here knows this girl, but I believe that's the reaction of most of Georgia when the media tells the story.  It isn't someone they know so it's a novelty.  It's a shame," Matt said disgusted.
"Most of these people don't see the reality that we see," Derek said.  "They didn't see that young girl all carved up.  This is probably the most excitement this little county has seen in years."
"I know.  I shouldn't judge so harshly.  But I think this is another reason he's still finding victims.  The age, yes, because young girls don't pay as much attention to today's news stories if it doesn't deal directly with their life.  The kids today have the attitude that it's happening somewhere else to someone else.  They just don't realize this maniac could come to their town or city at anytime and take them right off the street."  Matt stopped talking and began eating.
The men ate in silence for a few minutes and let the emotions and thoughts swirl through their heads.  Eventually, Derek changed the topic and they began talking about other things besides the case.
When they finished eating, Matt paid the bill and left a tip on the table for the inquisitive waitress.  The two walked slowly back to the coroner's office to see how far she had gotten with the body.  Walking inside, the men braced themselves for the sight and sounds they were about to encounter.  However, true to her word, Evelyn had the body finished and ready for her report.
"I have not seen the other bodies personally, gentlemen, but I have been following the news stories.  I was aware this may happen sooner or later so I've been trying to prepare for this eventuality.  From my findings, I believe this girl may have been tortured longer than the other victims.
"It looks as if he started at the feet, same as the others.  And here is the heart that has been linked to TGT," Evelyn said as she pointed to the ankle of the latest victim.
"I'm not sure if he did this before but it looks as if he may have done his normal routine twice on this one before allowing her to finally die.  See the feet," she asked as she pointed.
Derek and Matt leaned in closer and took a look.
"It looks as if there are two sets of markings," Derek observed.
"Yes, the first cuts were made about three months ago, allowed to heal and then made again about a month ago.  The same with the legs and on up the body.  The heart was the only part of the ritual not repeated," the coroner stated.
Matt shook his head.  "Are you telling me he finished with the girl and then started over?”
"Looks that way," Evelyn replied.  "He was very careful and these cuts were made over a three to four month period.  Also notice the markings on her wrists.  It looks like she was chained to something.  The markings are wide enough to look like some sort of bracelet.  It looks like she was shackled."
"I don't think that was noted on the other bodies."  Matt looked more closely at the victim's wrists as the coroner continued to talk.
"May not have been.  I think he kept her longer which gave more time for her bruises to come to light."
Matt nodded his head.  "Thanks, doctor.  I appreciate the time you have taken with us."
"My pleasure, gentlemen.  I'll send my report along with all the evidence from the body on up to Atlanta as soon as I get back from lunch.  Has anyone notified her next of kin?"
"Still waiting on an ID, but I think we'll have that before we get back to Atlanta," Matt replied.
The men shook hands with the coroner and left the office.  The drive back to Atlanta was once again silent as the brothers thought about the horror their latest victim had gone through.




♥ Chapter 4 ♥


He was beside himself.  His latest pretty was so beautiful.  He just knew she would scream as well as the last one.  He couldn't wait until she woke up and discovered where she was.  That was fun for him, when they first realized they were his.  When they woke up chained to a wall, they would scream and scream thinking someone might come for them.  But no one could hear their screams out here.  No one but him.

~

Several hours later, Kristin woke up.  She was shackled to a concrete block wall.  She looked around carefully.  Her only chance of survival was to keep her wits about her.  She observed every detail of the room she was in.  Noticing what looked like out dated hospital equipment and stainless steel tables, she wondered if she were in an old abandoned hospital or asylum of some sort.  She continued to look around for any type of weapon she could find.  There was just enough light for her to see her immediate surroundings, beyond that, it was pitch black.
Kristin had no way of knowing what time it was, if it was morning or night, or when the maniac who took her would be back.  She decided she needed her strength to deal with whoever was holding her.  It would be pointless to expend her energy trying to get out of the shackles binding her.
Laying on the ground and getting as comfortable as she could, Kristin tried to get some sleep.  She wanted to be ready for whatever she was about to face.
Watching her on a monitor in another room, her captor cursed at the show he was getting.  Why wasn't she screaming in terror?  Why was she just sitting there meekly and not trying to get away?  She was ruining his fun.
Normally he just sat and watched them for several days, letting the terror and fear build.  Letting them wonder what was about to happen to them.  It made him laugh to watch them squirm and try to get out of their shackles.  They couldn't though.  The shackles were made of iron and he checked them regularly to make sure they were working like they should.
But this one was not reacting like the others.  This one was not panicking.  Why?  Why was she ruining this part for him?
He decided to leave for now before he made a mistake.  He would be back tomorrow to see if she was fearful yet.  If not, he would give her something to fear.  He would start on her early.
Laughing at his train of thought, he calmed down quickly and left the abandoned building.  It was dark.  He would sleep then visit the beauty in the morning.

~

Finishing with the evidence from the latest victim, the crime lab informed Matt that several pieces of plant life had been discovered on the body.  They had seen similar on a few of the other bodies but the samples were too small to test until now.  This particular plant species did not live in or grow in any of the counties the girls had been taken from or where they had been dumped.  The assumption was it was from the place the killer lived, worked, or was holding the girls captive.  It was from only a few counties in Georgia and those were close to the Florida state line.  But they agreed the most likely place to find it was in Seminole County.
It didn't take Matt long to pack his bags after hearing this news.  He decided not to take Derek with him this time.  He knew Amber might need him.  He did call Derek and explain where he was going and why.  Derek agreed to continue to work from the Atlanta end and the brothers would continue to keep in touch.
Matt left from Atlanta about five in the evening that Friday and didn't stop until he reached his destination.  Pulling into Donalsonville about nine he found a hotel and stopped for the night.  He grabbed his overnight bag and walked to the front desk.  He told them he needed a room but he was unsure how long he would be staying.
After getting settled in his room, Matt went back out to find some food and get a feel for the area.  Not sure what he would find here, Matt planned to search the area for a few days before moving on to the other counties on his list of possible suspects.  He would talk to the police from each county and make them aware of the lab's findings.
Running through a fast food drive thru, Matt grabbed a burger and continued to drive around.  He noted the quietness of the town and its historical presence.  He also found that the town was a few short miles from a major state park.  State parks offer acres of land and solitude.  He would note that as well.
Finishing his supper, Matt drove back to his hotel for the evening.  He would sleep and then contact the local and county police in the morning.

~

Kristin heard a door bang open.  She sat up waiting for her eyes to adjust to the darkness in the room.  She could hear footsteps, but she couldn't see where they were coming from.  She heard banging and rattling as if someone were preparing something.  The person sounded angry and frustrated to her.  This is it, she thought to herself.  She was prepared to fight.
He was angry.  She was sleeping peacefully as if in her own bed.  How dare she ruin this for him?  He would show her.  He would teach her to fear him.
He walked to where she was chained.  Kristin could see him better now.  The man looked to be about six feet tall with sun bleached blond hair and baby blue eyes that would have most women swooning.  Tall and muscular, he didn't look like a maniac.  Kristin had the feeling she knew the man but wasn't sure where she had seen him before.
He had on a tool belt of some sort, but hanging from the belt were not the normal tools like a hammer and screwdriver.  Instead, he had filled his tool belt with knives and other wicked looking devices.  Kristin swallowed her panic.  She must focus.
"Now you will scream for me, my pretty," said a voice with a slow southern drawl.  Kristin had heard that voice before.  She was trying to remember where when his words sunk in.
Now Kristin knew what the maniac wanted.  She would refuse.  She would try with everything within her to keep silent.  She would rather die quick than give this maniac what he wanted.
He knelt down at her feet and grabbed one.  He began slicing the bottoms of her feet.  Kristin gritted her teeth.  He worked on the right one first ending with a carving of a heart into her ankle.  Still Kristin refused to scream.  He started on the left and was getting more and more frustrated with her lack of response.
Screaming at her, he lunged over her with his knives.  He pulled his hand back and came down on the side of her face with the flat of the biggest knife.  Moaning, Kristin fell to her side.  She could feel blood running down her face.  She only had one chance to escape.  The man had walked away from her mumbling and cursing about ruining it for him.  He then turned and ran at her, a knife pointed straight at her heart.
Kristin put her feet up, caught him in the stomach and shoved with all her strength.  Catching him off guard, Kristin managed to shove him back against the blocks of the wall.  Hitting his head, he crumbled to the ground.  Gasping from the pain in her feet at the impact, Kristin quickly searched him for a key to unlock her shackles.  She almost cried when she finally found what she was looking for.
As she was trying to fit the key in the lock, Kristin heard her captor moan.  He was coming too and she was trying to hurry.  She needed to get free before he noticed what she was doing.
The maniac woke up in a rage.  He looked at Kristin and stood up.  Not noticing she had a key and was unlocking her shackles he stepped up to her and grabbed her by the throat.  He slammed her head into the wall and watched her as she slid to the ground.  He laughed and walked away.
Leaving the building where he housed his victims, he went back to his house.  His head was bleeding slightly.  He needed to see to it and then he would take a nap.  This evening he would have to get rid of the pretty and start his search again.  He was still outraged by her reactions.

~

Matt met with the Donalsonville City police and the Seminole County police departments to inform them off what had been found so far.  He explained about the evidence found on several of the victims that had led them to their county.  Each assured Matt they would be on the lookout for any suspicious or unusual behavior in the area.
Matt left them with a copy of his profile for each department to go over in case they recognized one of their citizens in the description.  He then walked down the streets of Donalsonville.  Matt liked to do this.  It helped to clear his head when dealing with this kind of sick monster.
Matt had dealt with some nasty criminals in his years with the bureau, but this one was especially crazy.  He had issues he was trying to work out by carving up young women who reminded him of someone in his past.  Possibly his mother or a wife that had betrayed him.  Until they captured him, they probably would not know which.
Each of these young ladies was just entering adulthood.  Each had barely been on their own.  Three of them were in college.  They still had their whole lives ahead of them.  And then this guy decides it has to end.
Not realizing just how far he was walking, Matt continued to go over the details in his head.  He was walking off his anger and frustration at the fact that so many girls had to die for the police departments to decide to work together to find this guy.
He wanted to hit something, but knew that was unprofessional.  He was from out of town, a visiting law enforcement officer.  He had to keep his head in a situation like this.  Instead of punching something he continued to walk.

~

Kristin woke up groaning.  Her head was pounding and still bleeding.  She looked around and listened carefully.  She was alone.  She had managed to get one of her shackles off before her head was slammed into the wall.  Looking down, she realized she still had the key in her hands.  Kristin sighed in relief.  She began working frantically to get the other shackle off all the while listening for any sound of the maniac.
Kristin managed to free her other hand.  Tears streaming down her face now, she tried to stand.  She immediately fell to the floor.  Her feet had been cut up so badly, it was next to impossible to stand.  She would have to find a way.
Kristin crawled down what appeared to be a hallway.  She found a knife, probably dropped by the monster, and tucked it into the waistband of her shorts.  She continued to crawl.  Each time she heard a sound, she froze.  Please don't let him come back, she silently pleaded.
Finally finding a door that led to the outside, Kristin pushed it open and crawled out.  She had to pause to let her eyes adjust to the bright sunlight.  Looking around, she realized her guess had been right.  She was inside an old hospital that had been turned into an insane asylum and then abandoned all together.  She remembered reading about it.
Once more she tried to stand.  It was no use.  She needed to clean her feet somehow.  Kristin had no idea exactly where she was or which way it was back to town.  She just started crawling away from the hospital as fast as she could.
Hungry and bleeding, Kristin was not sure how far she would make it on her hands and knees, but sheer determination kept her going for several hours.  She eventually found a stream to wash her feet in.  It felt so good to her burning raw skin.  She climbed into the stream and lay in the water to try to cleanse as much of her body as she was able.  She gulped down some of the water as well hoping to keep from dehydrating.
It was getting close to sun down and Kristin still had no idea where she was or where she was going.  She ripped off parts of her t-shirt and wrapped the wet rags around her feet.  She would get a lot farther if she could walk.
When Kristin finished doctoring her feet and cleansing her wounds she tried to stand again.  Although still painful, they were a lot more bearable to walk on.  She continued on until she found a road.  She decided to follow it hoping it would lead her to a town and a doctor.

~

Matt decided to walk back to the hotel and get his car.  He wanted to drive out to Seminole State Park since his lab had told him that was the most likely location of the plant species they had found on the bodies.
He grabbed some supper and then began to drive south down the highway that would lead him into the park.  About halfway there, he spotted a woman walking down the road.  She looked to be limping and bleeding.  Stopping to ask if he could help, Matt was surprised when she started running.
Jumping out of the car, Matt chased the woman as she darted off the road and into the bushes.  He caught up to her and just as he reached out to touch her shoulder, she fainted.  Matt grabbed her and lifted her noting the wrappings on her feet.  He could barely tell what she looked like for all the blood on her face.
One thing was for certain.  She had black hair and very scared brown eyes.  He had seen the fear as she looked back over shoulder just before he caught up to her.
Matt walked back to his car holding the girl that was light as a feather against his chest.  Not knowing if this was one of TGT's victims but assuming it was, he made the decision to drive her back to Atlanta to the hospital where his sister-in-law worked.  She would help take care of the young lady.
He knew she needed medical attention quickly but he trusted no one in this town and running his sirens would allow him to be back in Atlanta in less than two hours.
As he placed the young lady in the car he spotted the knife sticking out of the waistband of her shorts.  Wondering if she had found it or had already had it when she was abducted; he slowly took it out of her shorts trying not to cut her.  It was a wicked looking knife and had blood on it.  He found an evidence bag in the trunk of his car and placed it inside.  Hopefully, it would have some clues as to the identity of her abductor.
Matt drove back to the hotel and grabbed his bags.  He quickly checked out, bought a couple of waters from the vending machine for the young lady to drink if she woke up, and headed to the interstate.  Matt called his brother as he drove.
Matt filled Derek in on what he had learned from the local police and then explained what he had just found.  He told Derek he was driving back to Atlanta and his first stop would be the hospital.  Derek assured him Amber was on duty and would be glad to help him.




♥ Chapter 5 ♥


Matt came to a screeching halt in front of the emergency room doors.  He walked around the car and opened the door for his passenger.  She had not stirred since he deposited her in his car.  He reached in, lifted her into his arms, and walked into the hospital.
Once inside, Amber met Matt and immediately took him and the woman to a room.  She began to clean her wounds and wipe the blood off her face as Matt watched.  Stopping suddenly, Amber's face turned white and her hands started to shake.
"What's wrong, Amber," Matt asked as Amber began backing away from the patient.
"I know this woman."
"How?  Who is she?"
"This is Doctor Kristin Young.  She's the baby's pediatrician," Amber whispered as she turned to Matt with anguished eyes.
"She lives here in Atlanta?"
"Yes.  Her office is not far from here."  Amber continued to look at the woman in the bed whom she had spoken to about her baby just a few weeks earlier.
"That means our killer has hit this county now," Matt replied.
He walked over to Amber and patted her arm.  He knew how upsetting this must be for her.  Amber smiled at Matt then finished cleaning as much of the blood as she could from the young doctor's face.  Amber then cleaned her feet and showed Matt the proof that Kristin was TGT's latest victim.  The heart carved into her ankle was all they needed to link a new victim.
Matt left the room to call his office.  He needed officers to comb the area around where he found the girl and see if they could find the maniac's lair.  He hoped to catch this guy before he could murder any more young girls.
Amber stayed in the room while the doctor looked over Kristin's injuries.  She had a concussion from the blow to her head and severely deep cuts in her feet and legs.  The wound where the maniac had hit her with the flat of the knife required three stitches and Kristin would have a black eye for a few days.
Amber hated to see the young doctor in this position.  She must have put up a good fight to have survived what she had been through so far.  But Amber knew from experience, it wasn't over yet.  She planned to give Kristin the name of a good counselor when she woke.
Even though Amber's shift had ended, she chose to sit in Kristin's room until she woke up.  Not knowing if the woman had any family close by or friends she could call, Amber thought at least one friendly face would be welcome.  She was still sitting in her chair two hours later when Kristin began to stir.
Looking around the room, Kristin moaned slightly at the pounding in her head.  Amber immediately jumped to her feet and stood by Kristin's bed side.
"Is there anything I can get you, Kristin," Amber asked.
Kristin looked at the pretty, young nurse in front of her.  She noticed she would be delivering in about two months but how she knew that she was not sure.
"Did you call me Kristin," she asked.
Amber nodded a questioning look in her eyes.
"How do you know my name?"  Kristin looked steadily at the lady, unsure who she was.
"You don't remember me," Amber replied.  Kristin shook her head although the young nurse wasn't really asking a question.
"How about I get the doctor and when he is finished observing you, we can talk," Amber said.
Kristin nodded and then winced.  Each movement caused her head to throb.  She waited as the nurse left the room to get the doctor.  She tried to think but there seemed to be a black wall in her mind.  She couldn't remember her name, how old she was, or if she was married.
Another nurse came in and took Kristin's vitals.  Kristin understood exactly what she was doing as if she had done it herself many times.  Could she be a nurse also?  How did she end up where she was?
Amber came back into the room with the doctor and he reexamined the patient.  "How are you feeling today," he asked Kristin.
Amber had already informed him she might have some memory loss and he immediately concurred.  He had worked alongside Kristin often, and she looked as if she had never seen him before.
"I have a major headache and I can't remember why I'm here," she answered.
"Mmmm hummm," he answered in that way doctors always did when they want you to know they're listening, but they are really busy doing something else like listening to your heart.  Again, she wasn't sure why she knew that.  Just as she wasn't sure how she knew what he was doing as he checked her eyes and head.
"So, tell me what you do remember."  Doctor Peters continued to listen to Kristin's heart and check her over thoroughly while he waited for an answer.
Kristin tried to think, but it just made her head hurt more.
"Nothing.  When I try to remember my name or age or what I do, I just see a black wall in my head.  Something I can't get past," Kristin replied.
The doctor nodded his head.  "I want to keep her at least one more day for observation, and then I will release her into your care until she regains her memory."
"Yes, Doctor," she replied.  "I will inform Matt.  Thank you."
The doctor left the room and the two ladies were left alone with each other.  Kristin studied the young expectant mother.  She wore her long blond hair pulled back off her face and her brilliant green eyes seemed to change with her emotions.  Kristin could see the concern in her face.
"You seem to know who I am," Kristin said.  "Are you my sister or something?"
Amber smiled.  She decided to give Kristin as many details as she dared to help her regain her memory.
"Your name is Kristin Young.  You are a doctor in the pediatrics field and you have a small practice not far from here.  You have hospital privileges here and often meet your patients for the very first time right here," Amber said.
Kristin smiled.  "When they are born," she guessed.
"Yes," Amber replied.  "My husband Derek and I came to see you about two or three weeks ago in hopes that you would be our pediatrician."
"Did I agree," Kristin asked.
"You did," Amber said with a smile.
Kristin couldn't help smiling back.  She liked Amber and wanted to be her friend.  She desperately needed a friend right now.  It was a scary world when you remember nothing.  But somehow she did know some things.
"What else can you tell me," Kristin asked.
"You are thirty-three years of age, you fought hard to gain respect in your field, and you are a wonderful doctor," Amber told her.
"How do you know that," Kristin asked.
"That I won't tell you.  In a few days, I will let you see for yourself.  I'm going to take some time off work.  I will go with you for the first few days back to work.  Not remembering your employees may put a strain on you and them that your patients will pick up on.  I will try to be a buffer," Amber told her.
"Really, you would do that," Kristin asked.
"Yes, you have a great staff that adores you, but it may make you uncomfortable.  Besides, my brother-in-law won't want you out of his sight for awhile.  I may be able to convince him to let me stay with you instead."
"Thanks, uh...," Kristin hesitated.
"Amber," the nurse told her.
"Thanks, Amber.  I would appreciate that.  Tell me though, why would your brother-in-law not want me out of his sight.  I don't understand."
"Kristin, you were attacked by a vicious maniac.  He worked you over pretty good.  Matt works for the FBI and if I know him, he'll want to become your personal bodyguard until they track down the man that did this," Amber replied.
Kristin hung her head.  "I don't remember anything."
"It's okay.  You don't have to.  It will all come back to you when you're ready.  But for your own protection, Matt will insist on one of us being with you.  I hope you will consider staying with my husband and me when the doctor releases you."
"I would like that.  Thanks," Kristin replied.  Amber turned down the lights and let Kristin lay back down.  She could see the conversation had drained her.  She sat another hour and Matt came in and relieved her.  She told him what the doctor said and about her conversation with Kristin.
"You're going to take time off," Matt asked.  "But you have maternity leave coming up."
"I know but this is important and the other nurses will understand.  Kristin and I have been able to bond and she will probably try to take care of me because of the baby.  It's in her nature and she won't feel like she is being a burden because she is contributing," Amber responded.
"Thanks, Amber."  Matt leaned down and gave his sister-in-law a big smacking kiss on the cheek.  She laughed and playfully swatted at him.
"I have to get home now and feed my husband.  I'm sure by now he is turning my pantry upside down."
"Call him.  I told him where you were and he said something about cooking for you for a change."
Amber rolled her eyes.  "I better get home quick."
Matt laughed as Amber left Kristin's room.  He settled down into the chair vacated by Amber and fell asleep.  It had been a long day and he was tired.

The next morning Kristin opened her eyes to sunlight streaming into her hospital room.  Her head was still pounding but she wanted to get out of bed.  She started to sit up when she heard a slight snore.  Looking around, Kristin was stunned to see a man sitting in her hospital room.
Since he was asleep, she took her time studying the man.  He looked to be too tall for the chair he was folded up in.  Kristin wondered if he would wake up stiff.  The man had a head full of jet black hair that you just wanted to run your hands through to see if it was as soft as it looked.  She wondered what color his eyes were.  She also wondered why she wasn't scared of him.  He was a stranger in her hospital room.
Kristin glanced around the room.  Light blue wallpaper covered the walls.  There was a television in the corner controlled by the remote attached to her bed.  She didn't want to disturb the stranger so she didn't turn it on.  Instead, she laid her head back against her pillow and tried to remember how she had gotten here.
The more she thought about it, the harder it made her head hurt.  Finally giving up, Kristin drifted back to sleep.
A few minutes later, Amber came in to check on Kristin.  She had already stopped by human resources to put in her vacation time and make them aware of the details.  Everyone in the hospital adored and respected Kristin so it was agreed that Amber would take the time off to help the young doctor recover.
Carrying two plates of pancakes and bacon, she walked into the room and stopped.  Both her brother-in-law and Kristin were still asleep.  She walked over to Matt and gently shook his shoulder.
Matt slowly opened his eyes and saw his sister-in-law standing over him.  He quickly sat up then regretted that action when he felt a catch in his neck.  Amber was grinning at him.  Matt frowned at her.
He stood up, stretched, and looked around.
"I smell bacon," he announced.
Amber handed him a plate and a syrup bottle and Matt grinned.
"Ahhh, you're the best, Amber," Matt stated.
"I try".  As Matt began eating, Amber walked over to Kristin.  She felt her forehead for any sign of fever and then checked the pulse in her wrist.  When she finished Kristin was looking at her.
"How's the patient," Amber asked.
"Head's still throbbing.  "How's the baby?"
"Very active," Amber answered.  She handed Kristin the other plate of pancakes and reached over to take the bottle of syrup from Matt.
"You finished with this," Amber asked.
"Sure," Matt replied looking up from his breakfast.  As he did, Matt locked eyes with the prettiest brown eyes he had ever seen.  He nearly choked on his pancakes.
Amber, missing the look that passed between the two, was busy pouring syrup on Kristin's pancakes.
"I told Matt you would be staying at my house, Amber said.
Kristin pulled her eyes away from the bluest eyes she had ever seen and looked at Amber.  "Matt," she asked.
"Oh, I'm sorry.  I thought you had been introduced," Amber apologized.  She introduced the two and Matt stood up and shook Kristin's hand.  When he touched her fingers, Kristin felt a spark, like a shot of electricity, travel through her fingers and straight to her belly.  She lowered eyes to the bed and wondered if he had felt the same thing.
Matt was having a hard time concentrating on what Amber was telling him.  The beautiful lady in front of him was wreaking havoc on his thought process.  Despite the black eye and stitches, he could see the loveliness of her eyes and face.  She was gorgeous.  And a perfect match to TGT's victims.
Amber stopped talking and simply stared at the two in front of her.  She had been trying to introduce them and give them a little bit of information about each other since they would all be spending a lot of time together, but they seemed to be in their own world.  Matt was staring as if his life depended on it, and Kristin was blushing prettily.  Amber smiled.  Maybe, just maybe, the FBI agent had found his match.
A confirmed bachelor, Matt always swore he would never marry.  Amber had not even seen him date since she had met Matt.  But she recognized the signs when someone's world had just been rocked.
Just then, the doctor walked into the room, jarring everyone back to the realities of everyday life.
"Let's check on the patient.  How are you feeling today, Doctor Young," he asked.
"My head is still throbbing, but other than that, I should be fine."
"Everything looks good.  Vitals are good, lab work was good.  You will have to stay off your feet for about a week and let them heal.  I'll send you home in a wheelchair.  I want to see you back Friday to let me check them over.  If they are healing, we will test you walking on them."
"What's wrong with my feet," Kristin asked in dismay.
The doctor looked up startled.  Looking at Amber he asked, "She doesn't know?"
"Know what," Kristin asked.
"Kristin, I will explain in a few minutes.  Let the doctor finish and we will talk some more.  You were so tired last night, I didn't go over all your injuries," Amber said.
Kristin nodded her head and the doctor continued.  "I've written a prescription for pain for when your feet and head start hurting too much.  For now, you are free to go when the nurse brings the discharge papers."
Kristin thanked the doctor and watched him thoughtfully as he left the room.
"I should know him, shouldn't I," she asked.
"Yes, you have worked with Doctor Peters several times," Amber said.
Kristin let her head drop into her hands.  It hurt to try to remember.
"Tell me."  Amber looked at Matt.  He nodded and sat back to listen.
"Kristin, there is a serial killer in Georgia.  The media has called him The Georgia Terror.  My husband and my brother-in-law simply call him TGT.  He kidnaps girls from the ages of twenty to twenty-four and tortures them.  He starts by slicing up their feet.  We believe this is so the girls cannot run."
Kristin saw a flash of something in her mind.  A knife coming at her, then suddenly, it was gone.  It was if the curtain had lifted for a split second then closed again.
Amber was studying Kristin's face as she told her what had happened to her.  She saw the quick sign of recognition that faded back away.  She continued on.
"He also carves a heart into the right ankle of his victims.  Then he progresses up the body.  He takes days doing this.  Letting the girl bleed, then heal, then bleed some more."
"He likes to hear them scream," Kristin said rigidly.
Matt's head snapped up.  "What did you say," he asked.
Amber shook her head.  She could tell Kristin was not up for an interrogation right now.  Matt understood what Amber was saying and leaned back in his chair and listened some more.  He would remember to question Kristin about it later.
"It looks like he started on your feet but somehow you got away from him.  You are the only victim we know of that this maniac has not killed.  Your knees were cut up and bleeding as well as the palm of your hands so we assume you must have crawled for a long way before you were able to tie up your feet enough to stand.  My brother-in-law found you walking down the road.  You ran from him when he stopped to help you, then you fainted when he picked you up.  He brought you here."
Kristin looked at Matt.  The two stared at each other for a minute then Kristin looked at her hands.  They didn't require bandages but they were scrapped up pretty raw.  She wanted to see her feet but was afraid to look.  She would wait until she had some privacy to access the damage.
Matt watched her looking at her hands and his heart went out to her.  She looked so young and vulnerable lying in a hospital bed.  He wanted to pick her up, place her in his lap and sooth away all her hurts.  Instead, he looked at Amber and walked out of the room.  He figured they needed some privacy.
Kristin continued to study her hands.  "I don't understand.  You said I was thirty-three.  If this guy is kidnapping girls in their early twenties, why would he take me," Kristin asked.
Amber smiled.  "I said earlier you had to fight hard to gain respect in your field," she reminded Kristin.
Kristin nodded remembering that statement but not thinking much about it at the time.
"While you are a great doctor and all of your patients and their parents adore you, you look as if you should be a model.  You also look like you should still be in college."
Kristin looked at Amber questioningly.
"You are very beautiful, Kristin, and you look like you are about twenty instead of closer to thirty," Amber explained.
"That's why I had to fight so hard throughout my career," Kristin said.
"Yes", Amber replied although she thought Kristin was having more of a memory than asking a question.  "Now, let's get you dressed and we can talk some more later when you have rested."
Amber and Kristin were close to the same size so Amber had brought some clothes for Kristin to wear.  She was able to help Kristin dress and brought her a wheelchair to use until her feet healed.  Amber got her discharged and loaded into her car with Matt's help and the three of them traveled to Amber's house.
Thankful for the downstairs guest room, Amber showed Kristin where she would be staying then left the room to give her some privacy.  Matt and Derek were discussing the case so Amber went to her kitchen to start lunch.  She expected Matt would be eating with them even more than usual now that Kristin was in the house.
Kristin took the time to look around.  Amber's house was tastefully decorated in chocolate browns and reds.  The bedroom made Kristin feel warm and cozy.  The walls were painted a deep brown and the curtains and bedspread were a rich red.  There were accent pillows on the bed in chocolate colors and a red lamp on the bedside table.  On one wall there was a large picture of a bright red flower.  She liked Amber's taste and wondered how her own home looked.
Kristin decided not to dwell on that depressing thought and continued to explore her surroundings.  There was a door off to one side that she discovered led to a bathroom.  Kristin found the same deep brown and chocolate colors in here but mixed with aqua blue instead of the red.  She thought it was very pretty and decided when she did find out what her home looked like she would ask Amber to help her decorate it.
Wheeling herself back into the bedroom, Kristin studied the bed.  She had no idea how she was suppose to get into it without help.  She was feeling sleepy from the pain medication and wanted to lie down.  Almost as if she had conjured him up, Matt suddenly appeared in the door way.
"Would you like to get in bed," he asked in a really deep voice with a slow Texas drawl.
Ohh the thoughts going through her head at that question.  Would she like to get in bed?  With him?  Yes, yes, yes.
Kristin blinked.  Where did that thought come from?
"I would like to lie down," she responded quietly.
"Here, let me help you."  Matt walked across the floor and scooped her into his arms as if she weighed next to nothing.  He pulled the covers back on the bed and laid her down carefully.  She had not yet looked at the damage to her feet but as he laid her on the bed she could feel the pain in them.
Matt pulled up the covers and tucked her in like a small child.  Funny, she didn't feel like a child with the way he was staring at her.  Kristin decided the pain medication was making her goofy.  She thanked Matt and rolled over to sleep.
Matt sighed and walked out of the room.  He was hoping he might get some information out of Kristin but when he came into her room she looked exhausted.  He decided to give her some time to rest.  There would be time enough later to question the raven haired beauty.




♥ Chapter 6 ♥


Back at his office Monday morning, Matt found out the identity of the latest victim found in the ditch in Henry County.  Twenty-two year old Lindsey Harris was last seen leaving a convenience store close to her mother's house in Murray County.  Like the others, Lindsey had long black hair and dark brown eyes.  Matt rubbed his hand across his face.
He needed some answers.  He needed to talk with Kristin.  Amber had practically thrown him out of the house last night when he told her he would be questioning Kristin when she woke.  Amber said she needed her rest and under no circumstances was he to bother her until Amber said it was alright.  Matt agreed simply because he had seen the exhaustion in Kristin's eyes.  But he would talk with her sometime today, he promised himself.
Meanwhile, he had agents scouring Seminole County for the place Kristin had been held captive.  With any luck, TGT would still be there and they would put him away for a very long time.
Unable to concentrate and knowing he would not be able to get any work done if he stayed at his desk, Matt decided to join his team in Donalsonville.  He jumped up from his desk but before he made it to the parking garage Derek had caught up to him.
"Hey.  Where are you off to in such a hurry," Derek asked.
"I'm going to Donalsonville to help with the search.  I'm hoping by the time I get there they will have found something," Matt replied.
"Hang on, I'll go with you," Derek said.
"Sure, that would be great."
Matt waited while Derek ran back to his office.  A few minutes later the men were climbing into Matt's car.
"Alright, spill it," Derek said.
Matt did not even bother to pretend he didn't know what his brother was talking about.  He and Derek knew each other so well.  Derek could always tell when something was bothering him, just as he could tell when something was wrong with Derek.
"I can't just sit around and wait.  If I do, I will go mad.  I need to question Kristin, but I know Amber won't let me within a mile of her.  If I go back to where I found her, I won't be tempted to shake your wife for standing in my way."
Derek chuckled.  He knew Matt would never hurt his wife and even saying that just proved how frustrating this case was to him.
Matt just looked at him, and then grinned himself.  "Did that just sound as bad as I think it did," he asked.
Derek laughed.  "It sure did.  If you're through with your pity party, I will tell you something."
"Okay.  I'm good now.  Just had to let off a little steam," Matt assured his brother.
"I know.  Now listen.  Amber said Kristin is catching glimpses off something every now and then as she talks to her about what we know.  Kristin explained it like a curtain that moves for a second then comes back down.  She is frustrated but it only hurts her head more to try to think about it.
Amber tells her to just not think and let it come as it will, but Kristin insists she knows something important but just can't put her finger on it.  Amber will continue to talk to her, but she said she might let you talk to her tonight at dinner."
Matt let out a breath.  Dinner.  He could wait that long.  It would take them a few hours to drive to Donalsonville and back anyway.
Matt drove in silence for awhile and Derek let him.  He knew Matt was probably working something out in his head.  He had not told Matt about Amber's suspicion that the FBI agent was falling for the young doctor.  That would just put Matt on his guard around her and Derek wanted to see for himself what Amber was seeing.  He could only hope Matt would find someone that made him as happy as Amber made him.

~

First thing Monday morning Amber was waiting at Kristin's office for her staff to get there so she could tell them what had happened.  Kristin would be unable to work for a least a week so her patients would need to be rescheduled or referred out to whoever she normally used when she was out of town.  Amber would leave it up to Kristin how much she wanted to tell her staff.  Amber would just give the bare details.
Mary was surprised to see Amber waiting for her at the back door of the practice when she drove up.  Climbing out of her car, she greeted Amber.
"Kristin probably won't be here for another thirty minutes, but you're welcome to wait.  Is something wrong with the baby," she asked with concern in her voice.
"No, no.  The baby and I are fine," Amber assured her.  "I'm actually here to talk with you.  Can we go inside," she asked.
Nodding her head, Mary turned and unlocked the door.  Once inside, she turned off the alarm and walked to the front of the office.  She offered Amber a chair and sat beside her after putting her purse away.  Looking at Amber questioningly, she asked again if everything was alright.
"I'm afraid I have some bad news.  Kristin, Doctor Young, was kidnapped on Friday," Amber began.
"What?  Where is she?  Is she alright?  Do they know who took her?"  Mary was visibly shaken while asking these questions.
Amber put her hand on Mary's to try to calm her and explained what she knew about the kidnapping.  She assured her Kristin was fine and on the mend and would be back to work soon.
"She has amnesia though and that is going to make it difficult for her if she does not recover her memory before she is ready to work again.  I have taken some time off work and Kristin is staying with me and my husband while my brother-in-law investigates.  I will come with her to work and try to help as much as possible."  Amber continued to hold Mary's hand.
"That shouldn't be necessary.  We all love her and will help her as much as we can," Mary answered.
"I know, Mary.  And believe me, the last thing I want is to step on anyone's toes," Amber assured the girl.  "The problem is Kristin will not remember any of you at first and I have earned her trust.  Mainly because I was the first person she saw when she woke up and it's her natural instinct to want to make sure I'm taking it easy with the baby.  We have formed a bond because she thinks she is keeping a protective eye on me while I am doing the same for her."
Amber rubbed her swollen belly and Mary nodded.
"I understand.  It will be hard to know she doesn't remember us.  But I have seen these cases before and realize what we are dealing with.  You are trying to be a buffer for her from us until she regains her memory and the patients so they do not realize what is going on with her."
"Yes.  I want to make it as easy for all of you as possible and ensure her patients are comfortable.  The last thing she needs now is to lose any patients at this point in her practice," Amber stated.
Mary nodded again and stood as she heard Kimber come in the back door.  Knowing the others would be coming in soon as well she asked if Amber would be willing to explain the situation to everyone and they would decide what needed to be done.  Amber agreed and Mary walked to her desk to call the first few morning patients and reschedule them until the staff could discuss the situation further and decide a course of action.
Kimber was surprised to see a patient already in the waiting room but said nothing as she walked into her office to settle in for the day.  She knew Kristin would still want to begin the day as usual even if a patient was early unless it was a true emergency.  So Kimber straightened her desk and waited for the others to join her.
Within ten minutes the staff had gathered in Kristin's office including the lady Kimber had thought was a patient.  Mary began to explain.
"Amber is joining us this morning with some information about Kristin.  Please listen and don't interrupt until she has finished," Mary asked.
All eyes turned to Amber.  She could see the questions and knew each was concerned for the young doctor.  She was so thankful Kristin had such a loving and caring staff.  They would be supportive and helpful throughout this process.
"As I explained to Mary earlier this morning, Kristin was kidnapped this weekend."  Mary held up her hand when the gasps and questions started.  She nodded to Amber and she continued.
"She is alright.  My brother-in-law found her after she escaped her abductor and she is recovering from the incident at my house.  She will have to be off of work for a least a week.  Right now she has amnesia, so she may not remember any of you or her patients when she returns to work so I will work alongside her for the first few weeks until she is fully recovered.
"My hope is that she will have regained her memory by the end of the week and we will avoid the awkward situation this will put her in with you and with her patients.  If that is the case, I will not come in next week," Amber stated.
"I have already moved part of the morning patients off the schedule, but we need to decide what to do about the situation before we take any further course of action," Mary said addressing the staff.
"Was it that serial killer that's been taking girls in Georgia," Jennifer, blood drained from her face, asked quietly.
"No, I'm sure it wasn't him," Mary responded quickly.  "Why would you think that?"
"She's his type.  Black hair, brown eyes."  Jennifer fidgeted as she made this statement.  Of all the ladies in the office, she was the one who stayed on top of the news.  She would often fill the rest of the staff in on what was happening in the Atlanta area or the country.  She had a bad feeling in the pit of her stomach that began the moment Amber made her announcement.
Everyone looked at Amber and Mary noticed she was trying to avoid their eyes.
"Amber," Mary questioned.
"Yes, she was taken by the Georgia Terror.  Her feet are cut up badly.  That's why she will not be able to come in for awhile.  But she fought, and she got away.  That is the important thing," Amber stated.
"But now he will come after her.  He didn't finish the job," Jennifer cried.
Amber was hoping they would not think about that but she should have known better.  Kristin's staff was smart.  That was the reason she had not listed her injuries earlier.
"Yes, Jennifer.  We believe he will try to come after her again.  We believe he thinks she can identify him.  This is one of the reasons she is staying in my home.  My husband and brother-in-law plan to protect her until she remembers the face of the man who took her and hurt her so badly."
As Jennifer sobbed silently in the corner of the room, the others sat with shocked expressions on their faces almost refusing to believe what they had just heard.
"How can we help," Mary asked.
"First, we need to decide how to handle this week's patients," Amber responded.
"Family emergency that took Kristin out of town," Kimber spoke up from her desk.
Amber nodded.  "That's good, Kimber.  We want as few questions as possible and we are trying to keep the media from getting a hold of this story."
"I'll start on that as soon as we finish," said Mary.
"No, we all will," Kimber replied.  "We can each take a day and call the entire week pretty quickly.  Then we need to change the message on the machine to reflect that the office will be closed.  I'm sure Kristin will pay us for the time off since it is unplanned and we all know how generous she is with this kind of thing so after we finish with making all the arrangements, I want all of you to go home and hug your family and be thankful we are all still here and that Kristin is alive."
"You will also want to contact the doctor she usually asks to be on call for her," Amber stated.
"Doctor Davenport.  I can make that call," Kimber said.
"Also, I will give all of you my address so that you can come by to visit if you want.  It might make it easier for all of you next week, but please don't feel as though you have to.  It will definitely be awkward but may help break the ice later," Amber said.
The girls talked a little longer than sat silently for a few minutes, each trying to process what was happening.  Amber reminded them not to tell anyone what had happened.  With that admonishment, Amber left the office to allow the staff to make the calls and close back up for the week.  She needed to check on her patient.

~

Matt breathed a sigh as he and Derek finally pulled into Donalsonville.  His team still had not found where Kristin had been held.  He wanted to go back to where he had found her to see if there was a way to trace her footsteps back to where she had escaped her captor.
"I know you aren't going to rest until we find this place, but reckon we can stop for a minute to grab a burger," Derek asked dryly.
Matt rolled his eyes and pulled into the next fast food place.
"Thank you, "Derek said smugly.
"Just be glad I decided to humor you.  When we get to the park, there is nothing for miles.  I could leave you there," Matt replied.
Derek just laughed and told Matt what he wanted when the order taker asked.
The brothers ate their meal as they drove out to the site where Matt first spotted Kristin.  When they arrived, Matt pointed out the spot to Derek and both walked over to examine the area.  Derek was trained in tracking and spotted the trail Kristin had weaved as she had tried to walk down the street toward a town.  Luckily for her, she had been headed in the right direction.
Waving Matt over, Derek showed him the signs of Kristin limping along the road.  They began to follow the trail and soon came to a creek.  Derek could see where Kristin had sat while trying to wrap her feet in her shirt.  Because she had been in the stream, it took him a minute to pick up her trail that led from the place she had been held to the stream but eventually he found the bloody knee prints that told him she had crawled.
Matt radioed his team to let them know they had found Kristin's trail while Derek continued to follow the bloody prints.  It took about an hour but soon the men walked up to what appeared to be an abandoned hospital.  By the time they had arrived Matt's team had also found the site.
Guns drawn, several FBI agents silently filed inside and scoured the building.  Finding it abandoned did nothing to improve Matt's frustration.  What they did find sent a chill through him.  Walking into one room, Matt saw a television monitor.  On the screen were a couple of his agents looking at a pair of shackles.  Shuddering, Matt turned away.  Derek understood his frustration.
"Looks like we found his playground," Derek said quietly.
"Yeah," Matt replied.  "But not the bastard himself."
"We'll find him.  This place has to hold some sort of clue as to who he is or where he might be hiding," Derek assured his brother.
"Let's hope so."
Several hours later, Matt and Derek left the premises of the hospital.  The team was still gathering evidence.  Everything would be sent back to the lab in Atlanta to process.  Matt was worried.  The killer had cleaned up well.  There might be traces of the girls, but he was unsure if there would be any trace of the killer.  Not a single weapon had been left behind.  But what was there had painted a gruesome tale.
Derek called Amber to let her know they were on their way back.  Amber assured them she would have supper ready and waiting for them both.  She reminded them to be careful and hung up the phone.  She could tell by the sound of her husband's voice that what they had found had bothered him.



♥ Chapter 7 ♥


Kristin sat in her room concentrating.  She thought if she tried hard enough something important would come back to her.  But the more she tried to remember what had happened to her, the harder her head pounded.  She was so irritated with herself.  She knew in her heart there was something she needed to remember.  Something very important.  But she couldn't bring it to the surface.  She was startled to look up and see Amber standing in the doorway.
"I didn't mean to scare you," Amber said.  "I came to give you some information but you looked lost in thought and I didn't want to disturb you."
"It's okay," Kristin replied.  "I was just trying to remember."  Kristin sighed.  "It just won't come back."
Amber could hear the frustration and anxiety in Kristin's voice.  She walked over and sat down on Kristin's bed and put her arm around her shoulder.
"Don't push it, Kristin.  It will come," she said softly.
"Easy for you to say," she said a little louder than she intended.  Kristin noticed the hurt look on Amber's face and immediately apologized.
"I'm so sorry, Amber.  I know you're just trying to help but there is no way you can understand the situation I'm in.  I need to know who this guy is who held me captive.  You cannot imagine the fear of running from someone you don't even know."
Kristin sat back against the pillow of her bed beside her only friend.
"Kristin, I do know how you feel," Amber said.
"How could you?  There is no way you could possibly understand the frustration and the fear I am feeling right now."
"Oh, but I do understand, Kristin.  More than you could ever imagine."
Amber turned her head slightly, and then stood up.  She walked away from the bed as she gathered her thoughts.  Kristin needed to know she was not alone.
"Let me tell you how I met my husband," she said to Kristin.  "I was on the run from a stalker."
"What," Kristin asked.
"I had been running for four years.  Everywhere I went, my stalker found me.  And each time he did, someone turned up dead.  I was on the run again when I met Derek.  He was actually tracking me thinking I was some kind of black widow or something."  Amber rolled her eyes and made a face.  Kristin giggled.
Amber went back to her story and told Kristin everything that happened to her.  She started from the beginning with the accident her best friend Olivia had been involved in and finished with the fateful ending when her stalker found her.
She talked for over an hour as Kristin listened.  "I almost lost my life because I was not willing to trust Derek and Matt to protect me.  I believed all the lines my stalker was feeding me.  He made me think I was totally alone."
Kristin sighed.  "I'm sorry I snapped at you."
Amber laughed.  "That's what you call snapping at someone?  I can't wait to see you actually mad."
Kristin laughed also.  It felt good to be able to laugh.
"I just want you to know that we are here for you.  Matt and Derek are doing everything they can to track your kidnapper.  You are not alone in this.  Please don't make the same mistake I did.  It could literally cost you your life."
Kristin nodded.
"Now, I talked to Derek and the boys are on their way home.  Want to help me with dinner?"
"I would love to help you with dinner, but I will probably be more in the way than helping," Kristin laughed.
"Not a problem, I love to cook.  I'm really asking for the company."
"Sounds great," Kristin said.
The girls hugged then Amber helped Kristin into the wheelchair.  They continued to talk as Amber wheeled Kristin into the kitchen.

~

Matt was quiet as he and Derek drove back to Atlanta.  He couldn't get the images of what had happened to those girls out of his head.  This monster knew what he was doing which made it even less likely he would make a mistake soon.  Matt knew this meant they would find more dead girls.  It was a miracle that Kristin had escaped.
Derek was also quiet.  He knew what was going through his brother's head.  The same thoughts were circling in his.  They had no idea who this guy was or how to trap him.
"You left your best man down there to finish compiling the evidence," Derek finally said, breaking the silence.
"No, my best man is riding back to Atlanta with me.  I left my second best man down there," Matt responded.
"Dale can handle this.  He's good at his job.  You shouldn't worry," Derek replied.
"Shouldn't worry," asked Matt.  "Did you see what I saw in that old hospital?"
"Okay, worry was the wrong word.  I'm just saying the site is in good hands.  We're needed back in Atlanta to analyze the information as it comes back in.  Besides, we need to keep an extra eye on Kristin," Derek said.
"I know.  He could try to come after her if he thinks she can identify him.  I'm actually surprised he hasn't made a move already."
"That is strange.  Do you think he knows where she is," Derek asked.
"With any luck he thinks she died out in the forest.  That would keep him away from her while we try to find him," Matt answered.
"As long as the press doesn't find out that Kristin is a victim that got away, she might stand a chance.  He would have no idea that she is back in Atlanta.  But even if she doesn't remember him, she is still in danger," Derek responded.
"You're right.  We will have to keep a very close eye on her until the bastard is caught."
Matt and Derek continued to discuss the case as they finished the drive into Atlanta.  They were revisiting exactly what they had seen in the abandoned hospital when they pulled into Derek's driveway.
Walking into the house, the men could smell dinner waiting for them.  Both walked into the kitchen to find the girls giggling at the kitchen table.
"What's so funny," Derek asked as he walked over to kiss his wife.
Oh, nothing I'll be telling you. Just girl talk," Amber answered as she stood to receive Derek's kiss.  "You can both wash up for dinner and I'll have it on the table in just a few minutes."
Derek looked up to find Kristin and Matt staring at each other.  He watched for a minute as they just stared not saying anything.  He grinned at his wife then grabbed his brother and pointed him to the guest bathroom so he could wash his hands.
Amber turned as the men walked out of the kitchen to find Kristin staring at the door where Matt had been.
She smiled to herself then got busy putting the food on the table.
Kristin just sat where she was.  When Matt had walked into the kitchen her stomach had dropped.  There was electricity between them she couldn't explain.  She wasn't sure what to do about it because there was no way she was going to be pursuing a man when she couldn't even remember her own family.  She assumed she wasn't married or Amber would probably have mentioned it.  But still, she didn't know who she was or what she did.  She had facts because Amber had given them to her, but that was not enough to try to base a relationship on.  And what was she thinking anyway?  A relationship?  Kristin shook her head and looked around.  Amber almost had the table set and the food on.  She should be helping.
"Can I help you do anything," Kristin asked.
Amber smiled to herself again.  She knew Kristin had been sitting there daydreaming.
"Sure," she replied.  "I'll get the glasses down and you can fill them with ice for me."
Kristin wheeled over to the refrigerator as Amber reached into the cabinet and brought out four glasses.
"What else can you tell me about my life, Amber?"
"What do you mean?"
"I don't know.  I just wondered if I have any family.  You know, parents, siblings..." Kristin trailed off.
"I'm not sure but one of the girls at you're office will know.  I think they will be coming by to visit you over the next few days and maybe one of them will be able to give you more personal information than I can.  I do know you are not married and I don't think you are dating anyone."
"Why do you say that," Kristin asked.
"You have worked so hard your whole career that you don't often make time for personal time.  As far as I know you have not ever really dated steadily.  Maybe just a few dates here and there, but no one long term," Amber replied.
"How do you know this?"  Kristin sounded slightly frustrated.  She knew what she was searching for but didn't really want to come out and say it.
"Nurses talk, doctor," Amber said smiling.
Kristin laughed.  "I think I've heard you say that before."
Amber stopped.  "Really, you remember that?"
"Nothing specific," Kristin said.  "It's more like a feeling a déjà vu."
"The day you interviewed Derek and me to see if you were willing to take us on as clients, I said that to you.  I told you that I knew you were choosey about the parents you took on in your practice.  I think you were a little offended by what I said and you asked me why I would say that."
"And you said nurses talk," Kristin said.  "Wow that was a little weird."
"But it's a good sign.  Other things will start to come back also."  Amber hugged Kristin.
The men walked into the kitchen at that moment.
"Something smells wonderful," Derek said.
Amber straightened up and told Derek what had just happened.
"That's great.  Don't push it, Kristin.  Other things will come back to you also if you just let it," Derek told her.
"Yes, and please let us know as soon as anything about the case comes back.  We need to catch this guy and try to prevent him from taking and killing other girls," Matt interjected.
Amber looked up and glared at her brother-in-law.
"What," Matt asked.
"Take it easy, Matt," Amber snapped.  She just had a small victory and you're ruining it for her.  She will let us know as soon as she is able if she remembers anything."
Thoroughly chastened, Matt remained silent.
Kristin felt bad seeing the look on Matt's face.  She understood that he had a job to do and was just concerned.
"I promise to let you know as soon as I remember anything about that day.  I don't want anyone else to go through what I must have gone through.  I assure you I am doing everything I can to remember what happened to me," Kristin said quietly.
Matt felt worse after that statement then he had when Amber had snapped at him.
"I'm sorry, Kristin.  Amber was right.  I shouldn't have said anything."
After his apology, Matt walked over to the table and sat down.  Kristin, Amber, and Derek joined him.  At first the dinner was quiet and strained but soon Derek broke the ice.  He began telling Amber about what they had found after tracking Kristin's trail.
Kristin saw a flash of herself sitting in the stream bathing her feet.
"I remember that," she stated.  All eyes turned to her.  "I remember sitting in the stream.  I needed to cleanse my feet.  I couldn't walk on them.  I don't remember why.  Just the stream."
"Have you ever heard of an old hospital in Seminole County," Derek asked turning to Amber.
"I have actually.  It was a major hospital at one time on the edge of a state park.  I think it was called Seminole General.  But another facility was built in a bigger town.  It was more modern and updated and soon Seminole General was not doing enough business to continue to operate.
"The two hospitals pooled their resources and became one.  The old hospital became an asylum for the insane.  I don't know what happened to it after that."
"We should be able to get more information tomorrow when we get back to the office.  Maybe we can find out when it was abandoned and who if anyone owns it now," Derek replied.
"Can you tell me what else you found," Kristin asked.  "I need to know."
Matt and Derek looked at each other.  They had already decided to limit what they would say in front of Kristin so they would not upset her.
"Derek, she needs to know.  If she doesn't know everything, how can she be prepared to defend herself if the need arises," Amber said quietly.
Kristin shot Amber a glance that said thank you.
"She's right, Matt.  If I had given Amber more information, she might not have ended up in that hotel room with her stalker.  We need to be as open and honest with Kristin as possible.  Besides, you never know when we might say something that will trigger her memory," Derek said.
Matt began talking.
"When you first walk into the hospital there is a long corridor.  At one end was what appeared to be a security office.  There were several monitor's that appeared to watch the corridor, what used to be a nurses station, and the rooms where the patients would have been.  One monitor was turned on.  The seat in front of it was well worn as if someone had spent hours staring at the screen.
"The monitor was watching one room.  The walls in the room were made of block and on one of the walls was a set of shackles bolted into the block.  The shackles were made of iron and you could tell they had been used often and recently.  There was still fresh blood on them.  We feel sure there will be multiple donors but the most recent will be Kristin's."
Matt fell silent for a minute to let that sink in.
"Hey likes to hear them scream," Kristin said.
Matt's head snapped up.
"You said that before," he stated.
"I don't know how I know that, but I'll tell you as soon as I figure it out."
Matt nodded.
Derek picked up the conversation.
"There were no weapons of any kind to do the kind of damage that was done to Kristin and the other girls so he must have taken them with him.  You could tell he tried to clean up and move as much as he could in case Kristin was found.  I doubt he will know where she is as long as we can keep it out of the media, but with the FBI crawling all over his torture chamber, he will know she made it out alive."
Kristin shuddered.  She was more determined than ever to remember exactly what had happened to her.
She sat pushing mash potatoes around on her plate trying to think back to where it all started.  The day she was kidnapped.  But it was still just a black wall.  Every now and then a veil would move just a little but it was never enough to split that black wall wide open.
"I left Dale McGhee down there to collect all the samples and get them back to the lab.  I assume we will have at least some information by the time we arrive at the office," Matt said.
"Dale is one of your best, Matt.  That's good," Amber replied.
Matt didn't tell Amber or Kristin the men could also see where Kristin's head had been slammed into the wall.  The blood had still been there even though it had been a few days.
If he were the one to find the bastard, TGT probably would not get a fair trial.  Matt would kill him.
Amber could feel the tension at the table.  She stood up and began clearing the dishes.
"I made an apple pie.  Who wants some," she asked.  All three hands went up.  Amber grinned and turned to the sink.  She rinsed off the dirty dishes then turned to the cabinet for some bowls.  The pie was still cooling so it would be just the right temperature to melt the ice cream on top.
Placing the bowls back on the table, she tried to turn the conversation a little.  "I know you both have been a little busy but I need the nursery painted this weekend if at all possible.  I want to finish it before the baby arrives," she said giving her husband a look.
Derek grinned.  "Hey Matt, I think my wife has some honey do's for us."
"She usually does," replied.  "How come when you got married, I got a wife too?"
Amber laughed.  "Because I feed you.  You have to earn your keep.  Besides, I know what a good painter you are.  You messed up when you volunteered to paint my living room instead of letting me hire a professional."
"Yes, and I have paid for that mistake.  I have painted every room in your house," Matt groaned.
"Except the nursery," Amber replied.
Kristin laughed at the banter between the two.  "You painted all of this," she asked.
"I did," Matt replied.
"With help from his brother," Derek interjected.
"Don't let him fool you, Kristin.  He is just trying to look good in front of his wife.  I did the work while he watched.  He can't paint worth a lick," Matt laughed.
"Hey, you said you wouldn't tell on me," Derek said.
"Don't think your wife didn't already know, Honey," Amber replied.
Kristin laughed again.
"I love your style, Amber.  I feel so comfortable in my room.  I was thinking maybe you could help me decorate when I go back to my place."
"I would love to," Amber exclaimed.
Matt groaned again.  "I see more painting in my future."
"Well, let's concentrate on the nursery first.  I need a happy wife if we want to continue to eat meals like we just had," Derek said.
They all laughed at that statement.
After dessert, Amber asked Kristin if it was okay if Matt talked with her some while Amber was cleaning up the kitchen.  Kristin agreed so Matt wheeled her to her room and placed her back in the bed.  He could see she was starting to get tired so he decided to keep his questions to a minimum for tonight.
He sat down on the edge of her bed and stroked her hair back from her face.  Kristin shuddered at his touch.
"Amber said you get small glimpses of things every now and then," Matt stated removing his hand from her face.
"Yes, but nothing really helpful.  Like earlier, I remembered the stream but only after Derek told me what he had found.  It wasn't helpful to you that I remembered that after the fact.  I need to remember his face, voice, anything but what you already know."
Kristin sounded as frustrated as he felt.  His heart went out to her and he really did feel bad for his earlier comments in the kitchen when she had remembered something Amber had said.
Matt took Kristin's hands into his own.  He could feel the roughness from where she had crawled across the ground.  He turned them over, palms up, and slowly traced some of the scratches.  Kristin drew in a sharp breath.  Matt didn't seem to notice.  He was lost in his own thoughts.
"Kristin, I am so sorry.  You have been through hell and back and all I can think about is what information you can give me," Matt said.  "I promise you.  I will not ask again.  You need to heal and remember on your own without me pushing you."  Matt was still looking at her hands.  He slowly bent down and kissed each of her hands so tenderly it brought tears to her eyes.
Matt looked up.  He saw the tears shimmering in her beautiful brown eyes and felt as if he could drown in their depths.  He wiped away one of her tears and slowly bent to kiss her.
Kristin wasn't expecting his kiss but when his lips touched hers she felt as if she had been waiting for this moment her whole life.  This is what her parents meant when they talk about the time they met.  They knew instantly, they were meant for each other.  As Matt slowly kissed Kristin, she knew in her heart she was meant to find him.
Panic shot through her at the thought.  What if he didn't feel the same?  How could she stand to know he was the man she had been looking for only to discover he didn't want or need her in his life?
Matt could feel the tension in Kristin so he deepened the kiss.  He needed her to respond to him.  He didn't know what it was about her that made him actually think about settling down, maybe even starting a family.  He just knew he needed her in his life.  So he continued to kiss.  He licked her lips slowly.  He heard her sigh and then felt her respond to him.  Thankful she had finally opened up, Matt plunged his tongue back into her mouth and continued the kiss.
Kristin clung to Matt's arms as he ravaged her mouth.  The feelings swirling inside her belly made her giddy with desire.  She gripped his arms tightly hoping he wouldn't stop.  By the time Matt broke off the kiss, both were panting heavily.
They sat that way for a minute, both trying to regain their composure.  Matt had just let go of Kristin when Amber walked into the room.
"I need to replace Kristin's bandages and doctor her hands, knees, and forehead," Amber stated as she walked into the room.  She pretended not to notice the tension swirling in the room between the couple on the bed.
Matt stood and walked away from the bed as Amber washed and bathed Kristin's feet.  Kristin had been sick the first time she saw what had been done to her feet.  She wondered if they would ever heal.  The maniac had shredded the bottoms of her feet so badly it would be days before she would be able to walk again.
As Amber applied a thick salve to her feet and bandaged them up, Kristin remembered a thought she had the first time Amber had done this.
"He knows what he's doing," she stated.  Both Matt and Amber looked at her.
"What do you mean," Matt asked.
"I don't know exactly but somehow I know one wrong cut or too deep of a cut on my feet would have let me bleed out, but that was not what he wanted.  He has to know what he's doing.  He has medical training," Kristin replied.
Amber looked at Matt.  "That's the same thing Amber said when we told her what he was doing to the girls," Matt responded.  "We assume he works in the medical field somehow."
"Yes, but not just anyone in the medical field.  He has a precision about him.  I think possibly a surgeon," Kristin said.
"Are you sure," he asked.
"Not really, it's just a feeling more than actual knowledge.  Can I see what he did to the others," Kristin asked.
Matt looked really uneasy as Derek walked into the room.  What's up," he asked looking around the room.
"Kristin believes her abductor may be a surgeon.  She said the cuts are too well placed and surgical like.  She wants to see what the rest of what he did looks like," Amber explained.
"That's a great idea," Derek said.
The glare he received from Matt said his brother was not on board with that idea.
"We agreed she needed to know and we would not have any secrets," Derek reminded Matt.
"Alright.  I'll bring the files tomorrow and we can look at them after dinner," Matt agreed reluctantly.
Amber finished the bandages on Kristin's feet and continued to work on her legs.  First her ankle then her badly scraped up knees.  Last she applied some of the salve to her hands and put some socks over them.  She had done this last night as well then let Kristin wash them this morning.  She didn't put anything back on them until now so they could be exposed to the air for the day.  Her hands were not as bad as the rest of her body.
Kristin was fading fast under Amber's ministrations.  She could feel her eyes closing as the conversation continued around her.  Matt watched.  He waited until Amber was done and had left the room with Derek then he walked over to the bed.  He bent down and kissed Kristin's forehead thinking she was already asleep.
"Wait," Kristin said.  "Will you stay with me?"
Matt heard the pleading in her voice, laced with fear and exhaustion.  "Sure, Honey.  Let me go get my overnight bag and let Derek know I'm crashing here.  I'll be right back."
Kristin nodded her head.  Matt walked out of her room.  He looked around but found no sign of his brother or his sister-in-law.  The lights were turned down low so he assumed they had also gone to bed.  It had been a long day for everyone.  He ran out to the car, grabbed his overnight bag he always kept in the trunk, and then locked up the house.  He was back in Kristin's room in less than five minutes.
Changing out of his clothes and into some pajama bottoms, he crawled into the bed next to Kristin.  She was already asleep but she snuggled into him as he moved closer.  He wrapped his arm around her stomach carefully so he wouldn't touch any place she might be hurting and pulled her even closer.  Her sigh was the last sound he heard as he drifted off to sleep.




♥ Chapter 8 ♥


Kristin woke the next morning to the smell of coffee and the feel of a warm body at her back.  She smiled.  She barely remembered asking Matt to stay with her, but she decided she could get used to this feeling.  She slid away a little so she could stretch only to find Matt's eyes on hers.
"Good morning," he murmured.
"Good morning," she responded.
"Want some breakfast," he asked softly.
"I would love some."
Matt, acting as if he wakes up in a woman's bed every day, stretched and crawled out from under the covers.  She got a good glimpse of his torso before he turned to throw on a t-shirt.  Swallowing hard, Kristin continued to watch as Matt then turned and walked to her side of the bed, pulled back the covers and scooped her up.  Depositing her in the wheelchair, Matt walked into the kitchen.  As they entered, Derek and Amber looked up from their coffee.
"I figured you both would be joining us soon," Amber said as she jumped up and got two more coffee cups from the cabinet.  "How do you like your eggs, Kristin," she asked as she poured coffee.
"Scrambled," Kristin stated.  It surprised her that Amber and Derek acted as if she had not just spent the night in bed with Matt.  Of course they were just sleeping but the thought alone had her blushing as if they had done more.
Derek was reading the morning paper and Amber started whipping up eggs and bacon as if she had just been waiting for them to appear to start breakfast.  It put Kristin's mind at ease to know they understood.  Somehow she knew she had never spent the night in a man's bed before.  Matt was the first.  She didn't know how she knew this.  She just knew it was so.
"Dale called and said they've finished gathering all the evidence at the old hospital.  The team is on their way back now.  Should be there by the time we arrive at the office," Derek said.
"Good," Matt responded.  "Hopefully we'll get somewhere when the lab is finished with the evidence."
"Did you sleep well, Kristin," Amber asked.
"I did.  Thank you, "Kristin responded with a blush still warming her cheeks.  Derek and Amber both pretended not to notice.
Amber laid eggs, bacon, and toast on the table then went back to the cabinet for juice glasses.  After laying butter and orange juice on the table she sat down beside her husband.  They all continued to talk about the case and where the evidence might lead.  Matt was hoping the killer had left some part of himself behind at the scene of his vicious torture chamber.
After breakfast the men left for the office.  Matt assured Kristin he would bring home his files and let her look at some of the autopsy photos.  He believed she might be able to add some insight since she had extensive medical training. 
As the men were leaving, Amber wheeled Kristin back to the bedroom and helped her back under the covers.
"I hate being confined like this," Kristin complained.
"I know, but you have to let your feet heal before you can walk on them.  Your face is looking better though.  The bruises are starting to fade a little.  You will be back to your old self before you know it," Amber assured her.
"If only I knew who my old self was," whispered Kristin.
"Don't get discouraged.  It will all come back soon.  And when it does we will catch the maniac who did this to you."  Amber fluffed Kristin's pillows and partially made the bed.  "Do you want a book or something," she asked.
"No, I'll just watch a little television."
Amber watched as Kristin yawned.  She still had a lot of recovering to do.  Amber smiled and walked back to the kitchen to clean up.  Finishing her task, she also laid back down.  The baby had been active the night before and she had not gotten much sleep.  Both girls slept for a couple of hours.

"Alright, let's hear it, Dale," Matt said as he walked into his office and closed the door behind Derek who had followed him in.
Dale McGee, a thirty-two year old former Marine, looked back at the two agents settling into their chairs.  He had great respect for both men and was honored to be working with Matt's unit.  Flipping open the notebook he carried everywhere, Dale sighed heavily.
"It's bad boss.  I have never seen anything like this.  We found over 10,000 drops of blood and collected samples for all.  Most of them were around the area where we found the chains, some leading out of the facility, and some where we think he might have done the final actual killing of the victim," Dale stated.
"First impression says he starts on the feet of the girls while they are still in the chains and that is where he does most of the cutting.  Then it looks like he carries them to another room and lays them on a metal table, kind of like one you would see in a morgue.  This is where he finishes them off.  There was a lot of blood going down a drain.  Looks like he hoses the room down after each one he kills.  I believe most of the samples we collected are going to have multiple donors just because he does the same thing to each girl in the same spot."
Dale sat back and looked at Matt.  He waited for a response and when none came, he continued.
"We did find what appeared to be a struggle between two people.  Possibly one of the victims fought back.  There was a blood spatter higher up the wall where the chains were that indicated one of the girls heads was shoved into the wall," Dale stopped when he heard Matt curse quietly.
"Kristin had a head wound and we know she escaped so she's the one who fought back," Matt explained.
"Our latest victim," Dale asked.
"Yes," Matt replied.  "She has a cut on the side of her face close to her eye and a wound at the back of her skull.  The doctor said it was a miracle the skull was not damaged.  The force was enough to have done permanent damage."
"Well, she fought back," Dale said.  "There was another blood spatter on the wall across from the chains.  It looked as if someone had been shoved into the concrete.  We collected that sample as well and I am hoping it belongs to our killer.  It is much fresher than the other samples we collected."
"Tell the lab to run it first.  We need a DNA profile as soon as possible," Matt stated.
"Already on it, Boss.  I labeled the samples into the lab in a priority matter and that one was first followed by the most recent to the oldest as we could tell.  The lab has already started and put all their other cases on hold.  They know the importance of this one."
"Good work, Dale," Matt said standing up.  "Let's go to the conference room and look at the photographs of the crime scene."
"I also had Henry film the entire process of collection to help document the scene," Dale stated.  "Something I learned in the Marines."
"Good, we'll watch the video and see if there's anything that can help us solve this case," Derek said and the men walked down the hall to the conference room.
Holding a table big enough to seat twenty men comfortably, the conference room was a good place to spread out the hundreds of pictures taken from each crime scene and the abandoned hospital.  Matt already had a board with each of the victim's photos on it in the room.  He had been through each case several times.  Now he would go through them again with the new information and evidence.
"Mr. Stevenson," asked a voice from the doorway.  Matt turned to find Kathryn Waters, his secretary looking for him.
"Yes, Kathryn," he asked.
"There is a man on the phone from Alabama.  His name is Paul Young.  He says is daughter lives here in Atlanta, and he hasn't heard from her in several days.  They believe she is missing.  Her name is Kristin.  I thought you would want to talk with him."
Matt nodded and looked at Derek.  He didn't know about Kristin's family and had not thought about the possibility of someone missing her.  He headed to his office and took the call.
"This is Matt Stevenson.  How can I help you," he asked.
"Mr. Stevenson.  My name is Paul Young.  I have a daughter that lives in Atlanta.  We talk to her at least four times a week.  Her mother and I have not heard from her since last Thursday.  It has been almost a week.  The police say they can't help us," Kristin's father said.
Matt could hear the concern in the man's voice.  He listened as Paul continued.
"She's a doctor and we tried calling her practice but there's a message that she has had a family emergency and will not be back in the office for at least a week.  I am her family and I know if no such emergency.  We can't get a hold of anyone who knows her to tell us what is going on."
Matt responded, "Mr. Young, your daughter is fine.  I need you and your wife to come to Atlanta and we will talk as soon as you get to my office."
"You know where she is," Paul asked.  "Is she alright?  Can we see her?"
"I don't want to give too many details over the phone.  Your daughter was in an accident and she has some memory loss.  We didn't know about family or we would have reached out to you already.  She is staying at the home of my sister-in-law who knew who Kristin was when she came into the hospital.  I will give you more information when you get into town," Matt said to the distraught father.
"We will be there as soon as we can," Paul answered.  Matt gave him the information he would need to get to his office then hung up the phone.  He had about four to five hours to get some more answers then prepare Kristin to meet the parents she doesn't remember.
Matt returned to the conference room and filled Derek in on the phone conversation.  Derek said he would fill Amber in at lunch and she could talk with Kristin.
The men began looking at the crime scene photos again and piecing together the evidence.  They worked for several hours trying to find something that would lead them to the man committing these vicious crimes.

Amber had lunch ready when Derek came home.  She and Kristin were sitting at the table talking when he walked in.
"Hey ladies," he said as he walked over and kissed his wife.  "Did you get some sleep after I left," he asked with concern in his voice.  Amber was due in five weeks and she wasn't sleeping well.  He could see the fatigue in her eyes at breakfast this morning.
"I did," Amber replied.  "I cleaned up the kitchen then laid down for a couple of hours.  The baby was calm and I slept."
"Has the baby given you any trouble," Kristin asked with concern in her own voice.
"Oh, no.  She is just really active at night when I am trying to sleep, so I don't sleep well," Amber replied.
Kristin smiled.  "Babies tend to be rocked to sleep by the movement of the mother, so they sleep during the day while you are active.  When you get still, they wake and want to move around.  Let's hope she doesn't have her nights and days mixed up when she enters the world," she said.
"Well that explains a lot," Amber stated.
Derek grinned and sat down at the table with the ladies.  Amber had fixed ham and cheese sandwiches.  Derek grabbed a sandwich, some chips and started eating as Amber poured sweet tea into a glass.
"Kristin," Derek said.  "I have some news."
Kristin looked up from her sandwich with a question in her eyes.
"A man called the office today.  His name is Paul Young."  Derek watched for any sign of recognition but seeing none continued on.  "He is worried because his wife and he have not heard from their daughter who lives here in Atlanta.  He told Matt she is a doctor and they speak several times a week."
Kristin just looked confused.
"He said his daughter's name is Kristin.  He and his wife are driving here from Alabama to speak with Matt."
"Is this man my father," Kristin asked.
"We think so," Derek replied.  "Matt says he is very worried and concerned about what might have happened to his daughter.  Matt did not tell them much.  He said you were in an accident and had slight amnesia.  He would not tell them anymore over the phone but if he is sure they are your parents he will tell them the full story."
"They will want to see me.  I don't remember them," Kristin stated.
"We won't ask you to do anything you don't want to do, but if they are your parents they may not leave Atlanta until you are well both physically and mentally.  And maybe they will trigger a memory or something," Derek said.
"They may be really hurt if I don't recognize them," Kristin responded.
"Yes, but they will understand if they love you," Derek assured her.
"They can stay here with us if you want them too, Kristin or we can put them up in a hotel nearby so you don't feel uncomfortable," Amber said.
"Maybe we can make the reservations then decide after I have seen them," she replied.
"That's a good idea.  I'll make the call after lunch.  What time will they be here," Amber asked her husband.
"Paul called Matt's office about nine this morning so Matt is expecting them about two," Derek answered.
Amber looked at Kristin.  "That doesn't give us much time to prepare," she stated.
"You know Matt will keep them at the office for a couple of hours verifying before he lets them anywhere near Kristin, and if they are her parents there will be more time spent explaining the whole situation.  I would not expect Matt to bring them here until about four at the earliest.  Maybe we can have them for dinner," Derek suggested.
Amber nodded and Kristin just sat quietly listening.  She was not really sure she was ready to talk to people she was supposed to love and be close to but could not remember.  But it would not be fair to her parents to alienate them at this time.
Finishing her sandwich, she quietly excused herself and wheeled her chair back to her room.  It had been four days since that monster had kidnapped her and three since he had cut her up so badly.  She tried to put some pressure on her feet to see if she could stand yet but the pain that shot through both legs told her it was still too soon.
Kristin unwrapped her feet carefully and examined her abductor's handiwork.  He was certainly skilled at what he had done.  Each cut was made to maximize the pain and minimize the bleeding.  He would have done this to her for days before he had finally killed her.  She was so thankful to be alive.
As she continued to examine her right foot she came to the heart that had cruelly been carved into her ankle.  She would carry these scars for the rest of her life and one had to been in the shape of a heart.  How sick was this man that a heart was the symbol of his cruelty and terror.
Kristin could feel the tears streaming down her face now as she continued to trace the cuts made in her delicate skin.  Next she looked at her knees.  She couldn't remember the pain she had inflicted on herself as she crawled out of that hospital, but she could see the damage.  Derek had told her what they had found.  She had crawled for hours trying to escape and the proof was all over her knees, shins, and hands.  These areas were healing a lot faster than her feet and ankle, but the damage had been done and like her feet, would be scarred for life.
Amber walked into Kristin's room and saw the misery and sadness on her face.  She wished she could somehow wipe all of that sadness away but she knew that only time could heal what Kristin had been through.  Only time and love, she thought sadly.
"Want to take a long, hot, bubble bath," Amber asked.
"I would love to, but there is no way you and I can get me into and out of a tub," Kristin answered looking at Amber's belly pointedly.
Amber laughed.  "You forget I'm a nurse Kristin.  Of course we can get you in and out.  I have training for this and you will be able to help with your upper body.  Besides, the bath will be good for your body and your soul."
"I would love to soak in a hot bath," Kristin agreed.
"I'll start the water and we'll see if we can find you something other than pajamas to wear," Amber said as she entered the bathroom.
Amber turned the water on, added the bubbles, and then pulled a washcloth and towel out of the cabinet.  She made sure there was soap and shampoo for Kristin.  While the water was running she ran up to her room and brought back down several shirts and pants for Kristin to go through.  She also found some house shoes that would slip on her feet if Amber didn't bandage them too much.
After the girls chose a light yellow button up blouse and a pair of jeans for Kristin to wear, Amber wheeled her into the bathroom.  She helped Kristin undress and after much pushing and pulling, the girls managed to get Kristin into the tub without hurting themselves in the process.
Amber left the bathroom letting Kristin enjoy her bath in silence.  She lay down on her bed and rested after the effort of helping Kristin into the tub.  Getting her in was one thing, but she would have to have some help getting her out.  Amber called Kristin's receptionist Mary.  She had the feeling the two of them were friends.  She hoped she was right.
Kristin soaked in the tub for an hour.  The hot water felt good to her battered and bruised body.  Her feet had stung a little as she first got into the tub, but were feeling much better now.  This was the first bath she had been able to have since her shower Friday morning before work.  It felt so good to be clean again.
Grabbing the wash cloth, Kristin soaped it up and began washing carefully but thoroughly.  She even managed to clean her feet and ankle.  She knew Amber would apply more medicine and bandage them when she got out but her doctor training kicked in and she made sure each cut was cleaned well.
When she was finished, she drained the tub and then pulled herself up enough to be able to sit on the side of the tub.  Her towel and clothes were within reach.  She grabbed the towel and dried off then put on her under garments.  Amber had already bought her some new bras and panties from the sizes of the clothes that had been taken off of her in the hospital.  She had also bought pajamas for lying around the house as she recovered, but didn't want to impose and buy regular clothing.
So, Kristin dressed in new undergarments, and then pulled on the borrowed jeans.  Except for a couple of inches in height difference the girls were both similar in size.  Dressed but unable to get back into the wheel chair, Kristin rang the bell Amber had left for her.
Amber had just let Mary in the front door when she heard the bell ring from Kristin's room.
"Let me check on her and then I will come and get you.  She may be a little nervous having company," Amber said to Mary as she walked toward Kristin's room.
Mary nodded and sat down on the couch in the living room while she waited.
Amber walked into the bathroom to find Kristin already dressed.  "How did you manage to get out of the tub," she asked her friend.
"Very carefully," Kristin laughed.  "I used my upper body like you suggested and just sat here on the side of the tub while I dried off and got dressed.  Now we just have to get me into the chair."
"Well done.  I actually called in reinforcements and you go and get it done on your own," Amber chuckled.
Kristin's heart skipped a beat.  "Please tell me you didn't call Matt," she pleaded.
Now it was Amber's turn to laugh.  "Of course not; I called Mary."
"Mary," Kristin asked.
"She's your receptionist.  I thought she would be able to help get you out of the tub a little easier than I got you in," Amber explained.
"Is she here," Kristin asked.
"Yes, in the living room.  She has wanted to visit but was afraid to in case you didn't remember her.  She didn't want to add any extra strain.  But I thought we would need the help and eventually you need to talk to your girls before you go back to work."
"You're right.  She might as well join the party," Kristin said grinning.
Amber left to get Mary.  Kristin braced herself.  She didn't want to hurt anyone's feelings because of the blank wall in her head but she knew it was inevitable if she did not regain her memory soon.
She was looking at the doorway of the bathroom when an auburn haired lady with beautiful green eyes walked in.  Still the black wall remained.  Kristin felt as if she was meeting a stranger for the first time.  Kristin smiled.
Mary hugged Kristin.  When she stepped back, Kristin could see the tears in her eyes.
"I'm sorry.  I know you don't remember me but I have missed you.  I'm so glad you're alright.  When Amber told us what happened, I wanted to come over right away and check on you myself, but I knew you needed time..."  Mary suddenly quite talking after rushing through those first sentences.
She took a deep breath, let it out slowly and started again.  "I'm sorry.  You don't need me crying all over you," Mary whispered.
Kristin's heart went out to the girl.  She gave Mary's hand a squeeze.
"It's alright, Mary.  I'm not sure how I would react if one of my friend's had been through what I have and they couldn't remember me.  We'll get through this."  Kristin smiled again.
"I should be saying that to you," Mary replied but she also smiled.
Amber watched the exchange silently.  She admired the way Kristin handled the situation and she liked the young doctor even more.  She had strength of character that is normally hard to find in people today.
"Let's get Kristin into the wheel chair and I will bandage her feet back up.  The two of you can catch up while I work," Amber stated.
Together, Amber and Mary lifted Kristin off the bathtub and into the wheel chair.  Amber pushed the chair into Kristin's room.  As she gathered the supplies she needed to tend the Kristin's feet, Mary started talking to Kristin.
Amber listened as she worked.  Mary described Kristin's office to her, explained how she had gotten the property, and talked about the many hours they both had put into painting and decorating the building.  She talked about their favorite patients and the staff.  Mary talked until Kristin felt she would be able to pick out many of her patients and her staff if she ran into them somewhere.  She knew in her heart Mary was a good friend.
Two hours later, Kristin thanked Mary for coming over to help her.  She asked if she would be willing to come back before she had to go back to work.  Mary agreed.  The girls hugged and Amber showed Mary out.
"Well that went better than I had imagined," Amber stated as she walked back into Kristin's room.
"Tell me about it," Kristin replied.  "It started to get really awkward there for a minute, but I think Mary must have sensed that."
"I think so too.  She really loves you.  The two of you went to school together and have been the best of friends for a long time.  I'm sure it hurts a little to know you don't remember that," Amber said.
"It was nice of her to give me all of that information.  I feel better equipped to face my staff and patients after the lesson she gave," Kristin chuckled.
Amber smiled.  Mary had divulged a wealth of information today.  Kristin would be able to recognize and converse with most of her patients as if nothing had happened.  She knew Kristin appreciated that.  Now, on to the next challenge.
"I'm going to get supper started.  Matt may be bringing your parents by this evening," Amber reminded her.  "Do you want to rest until they get here?"
Kristin nodded.  She was a little tired after all of the excitement of the afternoon.  Amber helped her into bed and left to start supper.




♥ Chapter 9 ♥


Matt was pacing when Derek escorted Paul and Margaret Young into his office.  Matt took a split second to analyze the faces of the people claiming to be Kristin's parents.  It didn't take long to see the family resemblance or note the anxiety in the eyes of the couple facing him.
"Please have a seat, Mr. and Mrs. Young," Matt said as he indicated the chairs facing his desk.  The Young's sat down without saying a word.  Derek silently left the office.
Matt sat down behind his desk and again looked at the aging couple.  He took a deep breath.  This was his least favorite part of the job.  Facing the family of a victim.  Thankfully, in this case, the victim was still alive.  She would carry scars, emotionally and physically, but she was alive.
Unable to take the silence any longer, Paul asked, "Please, Mr. Stevenson, do you know what happened to our daughter?  Her mother and I are very worried."
"Kristin is fine.  She's staying with my sister-in-law.  You can see her in about an hour," Matt replied.
"Oh, thank God," Margaret responded.
"What happened to her?  Why is she staying with your sister-in-law and not at her own home?  You said she had an accident," questioned Paul.
"I'll explain everything as best as I can but please be prepared.  It will not be an easy story to listen to," Matt replied.
The couple nodded their heads.
Matt told the Young's about the serial killer terrorizing Georgia and how he had been tracking him.  He explained how he had found Kristin.  He watched as her mother sobbed into her father's chest.  It took almost an hour but he gave them all of the information he had so they would understand Kristin's delicate condition.
"You do understand your daughter may not recognize or remember either of you," he said softly.
Kristin's father spoke up.  "We'll do whatever is needed to help her back to herself," he stated.  "If she needs time, we will give it.  If she needs space, we will give it.  Whatever she needs, we will give it."  Paul sobbed this last sentence.
Matt felt like a hundred pounds had been placed on his shoulders.  He could tell the Young's loved their daughter very much and could only imagine how hard this must be for them.
"Is she willing to see us, Mr. Stevenson," Paul asked.
"She is.  Amber, my sister-in-law, has supper on the table.  Let me grab my brother and you can follow us to his house," Matt said.
"Thank you, Mr. Stevenson," Margaret replied.
"Please, call me Matt," he answered.
"I will, thank you," Margaret smiled at the young man who seemed to have so much concern for her daughter.  She hoped she wasn't reading too much into the way he spoke Kristin's name, but she couldn't help but feel he cared for her.  She would see when they were all together.  For now, she needed to see her baby.
The Young's followed Matt and Derek to Derek's home.  Amber had already been warned they would be there soon and she relayed the message to Kristin.
Kristin was fidgety and nervous.  How could she deal with not remembering her parents?  How would they respond, knowing their daughter had no memories of the many years spent together?  She had so many questions for them.  She didn't know if she had siblings or if she was an only child.  She had forgotten to ask Mary when she had been at the house earlier.
What did they look like?  Did she resemble them?  There were so many questions floating in her head and she didn't know how to calm them.  She heard the front door open and Amber greet the visitors as she sat in her room.  She didn't know if she should go out there or wait.  She was still debating when Matt walked into her room.
Matt could see the strain on her face.  He had been worried about this.  He could only imagine what she must be feeling.  He walked across the room and took her hands into his.
Kristin immediately calmed.  Matt's touch had a powerful affect on her.
Matt looked into Kristin's eyes.  "You have wonderful parents, Kristin," he said.
Kristin let out the breath she didn't know she had been holding.
"Are you sure," she asked.
"Yes, they love you very much and want to help you in any way you need.  They are even willing to give you time before you meet them if that is what you prefer.  They understand."  Matt continued to hold Kristin's hands in his own as he talked to her about her parents.
"I want to meet them, Matt.  I want to talk to them.  Can you take me in there?  I think I'm ready now," she said.
"Okay.  If you're sure," Matt questioned
Kristin nodded and braced herself as Matt wheeled her into the living room where her parents were quietly talking with Amber.
Tears came to her mother's eyes when Kristin came into the room.  She rushed over, fell on her knees and hugged her daughter.
"Oh, Kristin.  I was so worried about you.  I have never been so scared in my life," Margaret sobbed into Kristin's neck.  "Please tell me you're alright."
"I'm okay," Kristin said feeling a little uneasy.  There was no recognition, no memories flooding back, nothing but that blank wall.  Kristin felt like screaming but her mother needed her right now.
Kristin hugged her mother back and kissed her cheek.  "I'm alive.  That's what matters right now," she said.
"Matt told us what that monster did to you," her father said as he walked over to stand beside her.  He had noticed the slight withdrawn look that told him his daughter had not recognized him or her mother.  It made him sad but he had meant what he said to Matt.  He would do whatever it took to help his baby.  He took his wife's hand and pulled her to her feet.  He didn't want Kristin feeling uncomfortable.
"I will heal," Kristin said smiling slightly.
"I know, Kitten.  You always were a fighter," her father answered.
Not knowing what else to say, Kristin and her parents got quiet.  Amber filled the awkward silence by suggesting they eat dinner.  Derek escorted the Young's to the dining table while Matt followed pushing Kristin's wheel chair.
As they ate Kristin asked questions.  Her mother jumped at the chance to answer her while her father studied her in silence.
"You have two sisters, Nicole and Amy.  Both married with children," her mother told her.
For an hour her mother talked about their family, her childhood, and her determination to become a doctor.  Kristin remembered none of it.  She tried.  She listened to her mother's voice, tried to recall the same memory her mother was talking about, but just could not bring anything to the surface.  She tried not to show the frustration she was feeling.
Amber noticed the strain on Kristin's face.  She excused herself from the table and under the pretense of clearing the dishes, slipped Kristin some aspirin for the headache she knew must be just under the surface.  Kristin continuously got headaches whenever she tried to force her memory.  Kristin mouthed a silent thank you as Amber continued to clear off the table.
Paul, also noticing the strain in his daughter's face, decided it was time to find a hotel close by.  Kristin tried not to let the relief she felt show in her face when her father made that announcement.  Matt and Derek walked the Young's to the door.  Matt gave Paul directions to the hotel they had made reservations at for the couple and directions back to his office.
Margaret and Paul said their goodbyes and left feeling secure in their daughter's surroundings.  They felt she was well protected and cared for by the young couple she was staying with and the nice FBI agent in charge of her case.  Paul liked the young agent.  On the drive to the hotel the older couple talked about the way their daughter looked at Matt and how protective he was of her.
"There's a romance brewing, Margaret," Paul said to his wife.
"I hope so, Paul.  It's about time that young lady met a nice man and settled down," Margaret responded.
Paul reached over and took Margaret's hand in his.  It had been hard on both of them realizing their daughter did not recognize or remember them, but the electricity they felt between Kristin and Matt made their hearts glad.


Matt watched from the doorway of the kitchen as Kristin helped Amber clean up.  She couldn't do much in a wheel chair, but she tried anyway.
"I've got this Kristin," Amber said.  "You should go lie down."
"I want to help you," Kristin replied.  "You've got to be just as tired as I am."
"I appreciate the help, Kristin, really, but I saw what you just went through.  You should rest.  If you don't lie down, your head is just going to hurt worse."
"You've been on your feet all day, Amber, and I can tell that baby is putting a strain on you, also.  I'm going to help you and then we will both lay down when the kitchen is cleaned up," Kristin argued stubbornly.
Amber didn't have much of a response to that.  Her back was aching and her feet hurt.  She needed to rest but she knew she would not be able to sleep if the kitchen did not get cleaned up first.  She smiled tiredly at Kristin.
"Deal," she said.  "But only if you promise to rest as soon as we are done."
"Not gonna happen, Ladies," Derek said strolling into the kitchen and sweeping Amber off her feet.  "You're both going to bed and resting now.  I'll clean up the kitchen."
Amber started to protest but Derek stopped her with a stern look.
Matt wheeled Kristin's chair back to her room while Derek carried Amber upstairs.
"Will he really clean up the kitchen, Matt, or was he just saying that," Kristin asked.
"He'll clean it up after he gives his wife a massage.  He noticed her discomfort also," Matt said.
"Are you going to help him," Kristin asked.
"Yes, after I see to your comfort," Matt responded.
He gave Kristin a clean pair of pajamas and left the room while she changed into them.  When she was finished, he helped her into bed and sat down beside her.  They talked about her parents while he rubbed her forehead where he knew she was hurting.  Kristin didn't like to complain about her aches and pains but she really appreciated the thoughtfulness that led Matt to try to rub away her headache.  A few minutes later, Kristin was sound asleep.
Matt joined Derek in the kitchen and both men cleaned up the dishes and made sure everything was put back in its place.
When they were finished, Matt returned to Kristin's room and climbed in the bed beside her.  It had felt so good the night before just being there with her, he couldn't resist the urge to sleep with her again.
As he got comfortable, Kristin rolled toward him and threw her arm over his stomach.  Matt smiled.  Even in her sleep, Kristin was a beautiful, provocative lady.
Matt drifted off to sleep holding the beauty beside him, promising in his heart to protect her forever.


She was running.  She wasn't sure why, she just knew in her mind she had to get away.  From whom, she didn't know, but her heart was pounding and her brain was screaming.  "Run, run, run."  So she ran.
She could hear the pounding behind her that told her someone was running, chasing her.  She tried to run faster but it felt like she was running in quicksand.
There was laughter.  The kind of maniacal laughter you would hear in a horror movie.  Only this was not a movie.  He was gaining on her and she could do nothing about it.
Suddenly she fell.  She could feel the burn in her hands and knees as she scraped them.  She looked and she was bleeding.  In fact, there was blood everywhere.  She wasn't running in quicksand.  She was running through blood.  The blood of his many victims?
"There you are my pretty," she heard the monster say from behind her.  "I've got you now.  It's no use running, I will find you where ever you try to hide from me."
She turned over on her back and tried to scoot away.  He was coming closer.  She couldn't see him.  She stopped struggling.  She needed to see him.  If she saw his face, she could tell someone who it was terrorizing the young girls.
She struggled.  She could feel pain coming from her feet, but she still could not see him.  Why couldn't she see him?  Come closer she willed while still trying to find a way to escape after she had what she needed.
Suddenly there was a flash of light.  She saw the wicked blade in his hand.  It wasn't down by her feet or ankles; it was pointed at her heart.  As he lunged at her, she screamed trying quickly to get away.
Matt sat straight up in bed.  Kristin was screaming, clearly terrified of something.  He gathered her in his arms, trying to wake her gently.
"Kristin," he called.  "Hey, baby.  Wake up.  It's just a bad dream," he soothed.
Kristin sat up suddenly.  Her chest was heaving as if she had just run a marathon.  It took her a minute to take in her surroundings.  She was in bed at Amber's house.  She was safe.  She could feel Matt next to her soothing her.  He was stroking her back, talking soothingly, trying to calm her.
She could feel her heart racing but she lay back down on Matt's chest.  She needed him to comfort her.
"He found me," she said.
"He can't get to you," Matt responded.  "You are safe here."
He rolled slightly to where Kristin was lying on the bed and he was looking down at her.  He stroked her face and just looked at the achingly beautiful woman in his arms.
Bending down, he kissed her, slowly at first then with increasing passion as his tongue slipped inside her mouth to mate with hers.  He plunged his tongue in than slowly withdrew.  He continued his slow lovemaking with his tongue and moaned when Kristin responded.
Running her hands over his bare torso, Kristin knew what Matt was trying to do.  And it was working.  She could feel the emotions swirling in her body, lust warring with terror.  Lust was beginning to win as the terror was quickly subsiding.  Kristin continued to stroke and feel as Matt continued his tortured exploration of her mouth.  She was not sure how much longer she would be able to take this.  If he didn't touch her soon, other than her face, she might scream again.  Not in fear this time.
As if reading her mind, Matt began a slow exploration of her body.  He unbuttoned her pajama top and slid it off her shoulders.  Kristin sighed when she felt his chest hairs come in contact with her bare breasts.  But she wanted more, needed more.  She move slightly, letting him feel her breasts move against his chest and was rewarded by his quick intake of breath.
Abandoning her mouth, Matt moved lower.  He touched, fondled, and kneaded her breasts with his hands as he kissed his way down her neck to her chest.  Finally, he took one pink mound into his mouth and lovingly stroked with his tongue.
Kristin's toes curled and she moaned as Matt gave her just what she needed.  Her own hands began to explore more than his torso as she slipped them lower.  Finding his arousal, she stroked him until he jerked and pulled away.
"Not so fast, Sweetheart," he murmured in her ear.  He kissed her again passionately.  As their tongues dueled, he slipped his hands down past her breasts until he found the heat he was craving.
Kristin jerked and bucked as he slipped his fingers inside her.  "You are so wet, Baby.  So ready for me," he said.
Kristin simply nodded.  She was unable to say anything at this point.  Matt straddled her body and slipped his arousal into her smooth, hot folds.  Kristin moaned.  Scraping his back with her fingernails, Kristin arched to take Matt deeper insider her.  She could feel the emotions, sensations, and electricity swirling in the pit of her stomach.
Matt pulled out of her slightly, hovered for a second, and then drove back into her. Kristin sucked in her breath and groaned.  They moved together as if they had been born for this moment.  Matt could feel the tension building.  He wanted Kristin to experience the same ecstasy he was.  He wanted them to reach their climax together.  He slid his hand between them and stroked the very core of her womanhood.  He drove into her one last time and lost all coherent thought.
Kristin felt like she was shattering.  She had climbed and climbed as Matt continued to thrust into her but when she felt his hand stroking her she felt as if she had reached a peak and was about to fall over the edge.  His one last thrust pushed her over.  Her body felt as if it were soaring and coming apart at the same time.  Tears streamed down her face.  She had never felt anything so beautiful.
She had had lovers in the past, but her sex life had been more clinical than what she had just experienced.  Oh, she knew all the scientific names and expressions for what had just happened and the science behind the feelings and maybe that's why she had never actually felt this before.  But with Matt it was different.  He made her feel like a woman.  He made her feel cherished and loved.
Matt rolled over smiling until he saw Kristin's tears.  "Did I hurt you," he asked quietly.
"No, Matt, you didn't hurt me.  That was beautiful," Kristin answered smiling back at him.  "Thank you for that."
"No problem," he responded a little smugly.
Kristin slapped his belly playfully and lay down on his shoulder.  "I have never experienced sex like that before," she said shyly.  She felt awkward talking about it, but she was not quite ready to go back to sleep after her nightmare.
"That wasn't sex, Baby," Matt replied.  "That was lovemaking.  And I hope we do a lot of that in the future."  He leaned over and kissed her forehead as he gathered her closer to his side.
"I would like that, Matt" Kristin whispered.
"Do you want to talk about your nightmare," he asked quietly.
"Yes, but not now.  Can we discuss it in the morning?  I need to think about what I saw before I can put it into words."
"Sure, Honey.  Let's try to get some sleep," Matt answered.  He rolled Kristin over slightly then pulled her against him so her butt was cradled against his groin.  He stroked her long, dark hair until he felt she had fallen back to sleep, then he joined her.




♥ Chapter 10 ♥


The following morning Matt waited patiently for Kristin to wake.  He had already been up for an hour.  He had called his office and had Dale gather all of the files on the other victims and bring them to the house.  Amber had breakfast laid out for the men as they poured over the files on her dining room table.  This was not the first time pictures of this nature had been spread on the table.  The brothers often brought their work here to be able to think outside the office and gain her opinion on something.
Right now, Matt was sitting in a chair in Kristin's room.  He jumped up and walked over to the bed when he heard her stir.
"Good morning," he said as he greeted her with a kiss.
"Good morning," Kristin answered with a smile.
"In all of the excitement yesterday with your parents I forgot to honor my promise to you."
"What promise," she asked curiously.
"You asked to see the files on the other girls and I forgot to bring them with me when I brought your parents."
"Oh, I understand.  It was kind of crazy and I'm sure my parents don't need to see that."
"We'll, they're here now," Matt said.
"My parents," Kristin almost shouted.
"No, Honey, the files.  I'm sorry, I should have clarified."
"You went to your office and got all the files?"
"No, I called Dale and he brought them over.  He and Derek are in the dining room, eating breakfast and looking them over again.  Amber is with them.  Want to join them," he asked.
"Yes, will you help me dress," Kristin asked.  Matt swallowed hard.  He wasn't sure if he would be able to keep his hands off of her if he saw her naked right then, but she did need help and he didn't want it to be awkward between them.
"I would love to, thought you would never ask," he said as he looked suggestively at her.
Kristin laughed.  She had been afraid of the awkwardness as well, but Matt bantered with her as if they had been lovers for weeks instead of just the night.
When he was finished helping her change into fresh clothes, Matt wheeled her into the dining room.  When they entered, Kristin spotted the agent that had brought the files to Derek's house.  Dale stood to his feet as Matt introduced the two.
"It's nice to meet you, Dale.  Thank you for coming," Kristin responded politely.
"You're welcome, Ma'am," Dale said.  "I'm sorry we had to meet under these circumstances."
Kristin nodded.  Amber brought her some breakfast and a cup of coffee and they all sat back at the table to continue their discussion.
"Matt," Kristin said.  "I analyzed what I saw last night and I think the killer is left handed."
Derek's eyebrows lifted.  One of the coroner's had also come to that conclusion.  There was nothing concrete as of yet since all of the coroners had not agreed with this observation but the one that pointed it out had compelling evidence.
"What makes you say that," Matt questioned.
"In my dream," Kristin answered, "I could see the knife coming at me.  I saw a flash of a gold band and realized the person holding the knife was left handed.  I'm not sure if that's just part of the nightmare or part of my memory of what actually happened, but I felt you should know.  Also, I think he is blond headed."
"So just to recap, we could possibly be looking for a blond surgeon who may have been or is still married," Matt questioned.
Both Kristin and Amber nodded.
Dale made a note in his ever, present notebook.  "Did you recall anything else in your dream, Ma'am," he asked.
"No," Kristin said.  "It seemed dark.  I was running.  I could hear him coming behind me and I felt like I just couldn't get away from him.  I fell, and I was trying to crawl away, but I was crawling through blood that felt like quicksand."  Kristin looked at her hands as she said this.
"I could hear him laughing at me.  I felt pain in my feet as he cut them.  More laughing, mocking me.  Then I saw the knife and the ring.  His face wasn't clear, but I saw a flash of blond.  I'm not sure if that was the light or if that was real.  The knife was pointed at my heart.  That's when I started to scream."
Matt held Kristin's hand as she talked.  He could feel the tension and the fear building through the recital.  He rubbed her back, kissed her cheek and assured her she was safe.
Amber smiled as she looked at Derek.  Her brother-in-law was definitely smitten.  She hoped she would be gaining a sister soon.
Kristin finished her breakfast in silence after the recitation of her dream.  The men laid out the files and discussed the patterns, the similarities, and the differences.
"He worked on this one twice," Dale said pointing to the victim found before Kristin.  "Why is that?"
"She must have given him what he needed.  He couldn't end it because she was responding the right way somehow," Matt answered.
The veil shifted a little.  "She screamed," Kristin said.  "She must have had just the right pitch he needed.  That is why he was so furious with me.  I wouldn't scream."
"That's his motive," asked Dale.  "To hear them scream?"
"It makes sense," Matt replied.  "He monitors them while they're chained up.  Amber, imagine you are twenty years old and you wake up alone, chained to a wall.  What is your response?"
"I would start screaming my head off hoping someone would hear me."
"And how long do you think you would do that?"
"Probably for about three of four days until my throat gave out and I wasn't able to make another sound."
"So, he sits in that room, watching them.  Letting the terror build, knowing there is no one that can hear them, but the girls don't know that," Matt said.
"And he gets off on their screams," Derek responded.
"And when they can no longer scream, they settle down, probably look around, and try to pull their shackles out of the wall.  He probable waits until they have their voice back.  He would have to give them some kind of nourishment or they would not last as long as he keeps them," Matt said.
"By the time their voice recovers, they have gotten used to their surroundings and have realized no one is coming to help them.  So they are no longer trying to scream to get someone's attention," Amber supplied.
"Correct," Derek interjected.  "So it's been almost a week at this point.  If it's the screaming that gives him pleasure, he has had to wait a couple of days for them to get their voice back.  And by now, the girls have learned that screaming until they lose their voice is doing them no good."
"So, bring on the torture.  He appears in their cell and starts cutting them.  Listening to them scream until they are hoarse.  Then he has to let them recover again.  That explains the slight healing period between the cuts he's making."  Matt pointed to the cuts on one of the pictures of the girls.
Dale jumped in at this point, "And when he is no longer turned on by the sound of the girl's voice, he ends it and dumps the body."
"Well, we have learned more in this one session than we have in weeks about this killer," Matt replied.
"What do you think he will do now that you have found his torture chamber," Kristin asked.  "He has nowhere to go to carry out his sadistic ritual.  Do you think he will be controlled enough to stop until he finds another place?"
"That's a possibility, or he could make a mistake if he can't control the urge," Derek answered.
Kristin shuddered.  She could not take them finding one more dead girl.
Just as she completed that thought, all three men's cell phones started ringing.
"We're needed at the office, Ladies," Matt said as he kissed Kristin.  "I'll be back this evening."
Dale gathered up all of the files, Derek kissed his wife, and the three men walked out the door.
Kristin and Amber just looked at each other.  Amber knew from experience that the call was not a good one.  She hoped Kristin would not know that as well.
"I'm going back to my room to think about what we just discovered," Kristin said.
Amber nodded and watched her wheel herself into the bedroom.  She worked on cleaning up the kitchen.  Restless, Amber began cleaning the house from top to bottom.  She wasn't sure why she felt the urge to clean so thoroughly since the house was already clean, but she began the deep cleaning you usually do in the springtime.
It helped take her mind off of the photographs of the sliced up girls scattered on her dining room table.  She turned the radio on and sang along as she mopped, dusted, and scoured.
In her room, Kristin had decided she needed to recover a little more quickly than she was.  Without telling anyone what she was doing she decided she would be walking by the end of the day.  She stood and realized her feet did not hurt her as bad as they had the day before.  The bath had helped.
She took a step and almost fell face first.  Standing was one thing but walking was another.  When she lifted one foot to move forward all her weight had shifted to the other foot.  Her sliced up feet were not ready to handle that just yet.
Kristin sat back down heavily.  She would take it slow for now, but she had a new resolve.  She needed to get back to her life.  She wanted to know more about herself.  She needed to know.  After last night, she realized it would be unfair to Matt to fall in love with him if she did not even remember her own family.
She had no idea what her life was like, if she was dating someone.  She knew in her mind she was being irrational but she couldn't help it.  She wanted this to be settled before she tried to see if there was something between them.  She didn't know if she had been heartbroken before but she didn't want to see what it felt like now.
Again Kristin tried to stand.  She stood for a few seconds registering the feel in her feet.  She knew better than to overdo it.  She didn't want to give herself any setbacks.  She slowly walked forward a couple of steps.  She clinched her teeth and turned around.  She walked back to the chair and sat again.  Kristin smiled.

~

Matt, Derek, and Dale stood looking at the two bodies just discovered one county over in Decatur, Georgia, in DeKalb County.  They had been mutilated almost beyond recognition.  The only reason they had been called to the scene was the discovery of a heart carved on the right ankle of both victims.
"Thanks for calling us, Sheriff Parker," Matt said shaking hands.	
"It's I who should be thanking you," the Sheriff said looking back at the bodies.  "My men are not equipped to handle something like this.  Shocked as we were to find the two girls, it was a relief to see the symbol that put in your jurisdiction."
Matt nodded, appreciating the older man's honesty.  "Our coroner will be here soon to transport the bodies back to Atlanta.  I'll have my team scour the site for evidence.  You're welcome to pull your men back if you prefer."
"Sure thing, Agent Stevenson," the Sheriff answered.  "Let's go fella's, back to the house.  We can discuss the situation there."  The Sheriff gathered his men and told Matt he would see them back at the station.
The three men had ridden together to the scene.  Dale's car was still parked at Derek's house.  "When the crime scene unit arrives, I'll leave them in your hands Dale.  Derek and I will talk with the deputies and gather as much information as we can there.  Can you catch a ride back with the team," Matt asked.
"Sure thing, Boss.  I'll meet you back at the office," Dale replied.  "Here are the boys now."
Matt watched as the rest of his team rolled up in a big SUV.  They gathered their equipment as Dale started giving instructions.  Matt and Derek headed to the Sheriff's office.
"How long do you think we can keep this from the girls," Matt asked.
"Not long if Amber turns on the news.  I'm sure the reporters were close behind our team.  That scene will be crawling with them before they are able to complete the investigation," Derek answered Matt with a sigh.
"They do not need to see this," Matt said heavily.
"I would agree, but I'm not sure how we can stop that."
"I should have seen this coming.  He lashed out in a rage.  With any luck, he screwed up this time," Matt said angrily.
"We couldn't have predicted this.  There is always a possibility of more bodies until the bastard is arrested and rotting in prison," Derek replied calmly.  On the inside he was just as angry as his brother but one of them would have to keep their wits about them.
Neither said another word during the rest of the drive to the station.  There were too many thoughts and emotions swirling in their heads.  When they pulled up to the Sheriff's office, Sheriff Parker was standing outside smoking.
"I was afraid this day would come," he greeted the agents.  "I thought I was ready, but apparently, I was wrong."
"Nothing can prepare you for a sight like you and your boys just found," Matt responded.
"This is different, isn't it?  He didn't treat the others this way," the Sheriff asked.
"No, he is angry," Derek answered.  "We found his hiding place and raided it.  He is probably trying to show us we can't stop him.  This is the first time he has taken two."
"The girls' purses were found with them.  We have an id on both of them.  They're from Clayton County. Just a couple of towns over," Sheriff Parker stated.
Matt's head snapped up at that statement.  "That's several deviations from the original method of operation."  Matt looked at Derek.  "We need the coroner to confirm if this is indeed the work of The Georgia Terror or a copycat."
Derek nodded and got his cell phone out to make the call.
The Sheriff looked questioningly at Matt.  "Let's step inside and I'll explain.  We like to get any feedback we can from local law enforcement."
Sheriff Parker nodded, put his cigarette out, and showed the men inside the station.  Stepping into his office, he waved the agents into the two chairs facing his desk.
"TGT, as far as we know, only takes one victim at a time.  He spends weeks torturing his victims, not hours.  He has never left anything behind, not even a hair.  If these girls are victims of The Georgia Terror, then he is either playing with us or he has finally snapped.  The bodies could start piling up quickly if it's the latter."  Matt continued to explain the many dissimilarities of this case versus the other girls.
"Copycat or TGT finally snapping, God help us all," the Sheriff responded as he sat back in his chair.
Both Matt and Derek nodded quietly.
The men interviewed the deputies that found the bodies and noted their first impressions and opinions regarding what they found and what they knew of the serial killer called TGT.
Finishing their questions, Matt and Derek shook the Sheriff's hand and got back into their vehicle.  Matt drove to the county the girls live in to notify the parents and ask questions.  It was a long, difficult day for the brothers.
When they finally made it back to Atlanta, Dale was there waiting for them.  He read Matt his report and findings.
Matt then visited the coroner who was just finishing up with one of the victim's and was about to move on to the other.  He told Matt that he believed these girls were victims of the serial killer he was looking for and not a copycat.  As he pointed out his reasons for this belief, Matt had no choice but to agree.  Now it was time to see if they were dealing with an angry, controlled serial killer or one who has lost all control as well as his grip on reality.

~

"Kristin," Amber called out several hours later as she was watching the evening news.  "Can you come in here?"
Kristin, trying to walk again had managed to get about five steps from her wheelchair without falling.  Hearing the strange sound in Amber's voice had her turning and walking back to her chair.
"Sure," she called out as she reached her chair.  Kristin wheeled herself into the living room as Amber began rewinding the television.
"Brace yourself," she said as she played back what she had seen.
"Two more victims of the dreaded Georgia Terror have been found along this roadside ditch today by DeKalb County sheriff deputies," came the voice of the blond bombshell reporter.  "On the scene earlier with Sheriff Parker were FBI agents in charge of investigating this vicious killer.  The FBI agents and the sheriff's office have declined giving statements, but we have learned the identities of TGT's latest victims."  The pictures of two young girls flashed on the television as the reporter continued with her story.
"Oh my God," Kristin cried.  "That's why they got the call earlier.  That's where they've been today."
"I was afraid that was what it was when all three cell phones went off this morning," Amber replied.
Kristin looked at her panic stricken.  "I have to remember.  I saw his face.  I have to identify him so he will stop torturing those young girls," she sobbed.
Amber went to her friend.  "Calm down, Kristin, this is not your fault," she said soothingly.
"I know what he looks like.  Amber, those girls are just babies," she continued as tears streamed down her face.  "I have to stop this."
Amber took Kristin by the shoulders and shook her gently.  "Kristin, listen to me.  You are not responsible for this.  You cannot force your memory to return.  If you do, you may do more damage and never get your memory back."
Amber gathered Kristin in her arms and hugged her as the young doctor continued to cry.  The pictures of those girls today combined with the pictures of the other victims she had seen this morning really got to her.  She couldn't stop crying.
Amber wheeled Kristin back to her room and put her to bed.  She gave her something to help her sleep and returned to the living room.  She called Derek and explained what happened.
"I'm so sorry.  It was my fault.  If I hadn't shown her the news story she wouldn't have broken down like that," Amber said, tears streaming down her own face.
"Don't worry, Honey," Derek soothed his wife.  "Kristin is strong.  She will be just fine."
"I hope so, Derek.  She was so distraught," Amber said.
"Look, go lay down for awhile.  Matt and I will grab some fast food on the way home.  You said she's sleeping now so you get some rest too.  We will be home to check on both of you soon," Derek replied.
Amber agreed.  She hung up the phone and climbed the stairs to her bedroom.  There was a low ache in her back that had been nagging at her all day.
When Derek and Matt arrived at Derek's house a couple of hours later, the women were sound asleep.  It was still early but the men had had a long day.  Derek joined his wife in bed and Matt went to Kristin's room.  He could see the signs that said she had been crying and his heart went out to her.  He climbed into bed beside her and pulled her against his chest.  In her sleep, she snuggled further into his body and sighed.

~
Kristin woke the next morning to the sound of Matt getting ready to go to the office.  She didn't want to face him so she pretended to remain asleep.  She felt the bed sag as he leaned over and kissed her forehead before heading out the door.
She could tell by the rumble of voices that Derek was up as well.  Hearing the front door open and close, Kristin sat up.  She swung her feet off the bed and tried to stand.  She had done this several times yesterday and each time was able to take an extra step.  Now that she had been asleep for awhile, she hoped she would be able to walk a little farther.
Kristin had walked about seven steps away from the bed when Amber walked into the room.  Kristin looked up guiltily.
"I should have known you wouldn't stay down long.  How long have you been doing this," Amber asked.
"You're not going to scold me," Kristin asked as she turned and headed back to the bed.
"No, I would have done the same thing," Amber replied.  "How long," she repeated.
"On Tuesday, I tried to stand but it was too painful.  Then I was able to soak in the tub and clean them really well.  Yesterday, I was able to stand with minimal pain but when I tried to take a step, it was painful again.  I tried several times yesterday and had just walked five steps when you called me into the living room," Kristin told her.
"So the soak in the tub helped," Amber asked.
"It seemed to," Kristin replied.
Well, let's get you back into the tub.  You haven't had a bath since Tuesday anyway so it will feel good for you to soak.  Your face is looking much better.  The bruise is almost gone," Amber observed.
"Really, I haven't seen a mirror in days."
"I'll bring you a small hand mirror."
"Thanks, Amber," Kristin said.  "For all you've done."
"What are friends for," Amber asked.
She gave Kristin a hug then stepped past her into the bathroom to run some hot water.  "I'll bring you some clean clothes.  Are you up for some company today?"
Kristin cringed.  "What company," she asked.
"Your mother called.  She wanted to know if it was okay to visit again.  She said she would understand if you didn't want to see her just yet.  I told her I would ask and call her back."
"I don't want to hurt her feelings.  Tell her it will be okay," Kristin said.
"Alright, I'll call her while you're in the bathtub," Amber told her.  We can have lunch together.  I also have a friend coming over, but if it will make you uncomfortable, I can visit with her later."
"Do I know her," Kristin asked.  She was watching the tub fill up with bubbles.
"You do but probably won't remember her.  She works at the hospital with me and has worked with you before.  She has been my best friend since high school, kind of like you and Mary," Amber replied.
"Olivia, the one you stayed in touch with even when you were hiding," Kristin remembered.
"Yes, I haven't seen her since Matt found you.  She wanted to check up on me and the baby.  I've tried to keep her involved as much as possible since she lost her own baby girl," Amber said.
"I understand.  I wouldn't mind the company.  If you want, you could call Mary also.  We can have a girl's day," Kristin said.  "It might take my mind off the horror for a little while."
"That's a great idea.  I'll call Mary right after I call your mother.  I'll go throw some brownies in the oven," Amber said as she left the room.
Kristin stepped into the hot, soapy water.  She sighed.  The bath felt so good.  It relaxed her body and her soul.  There had been too much darkness lately.  She agreed with Amber that she could not force her memory.  She decided she would concentrate on walking and let her brain work as it wanted to.  As soon as her memory came back, she would give the information it contained to Matt.  Hopefully, no more young girls would have to die.
Her cuts no longer stung when she submerged them which told her they were healing well.  It was still strange to her how she knew some things but had forgotten others.  She knew how to walk and talk, she had a fair amount of knowledge about babies and medical terminology, but she just didn't remember how she had gotten any of that knowledge.  The brain can be a funny thing sometimes.
Soaking until the water started to get cold Kristin washed quickly, and then climbed out of the tub to dry off.  She was able to stand the entire time she was dressing but collapsed into her wheel chair as soon as she was finished.  She took the brush she had been borrowing from Amber into her room and sat on the bed as she brushed her long, dark, hair.
When she was finished, she sat back in the wheelchair, and wheeled herself to the kitchen in search of Amber.  The rumbling in her stomach reminded her she had not had breakfast yet.
Amber looked up as Kristin came into the room.  "Did you have a good bath," she asked as she pulled the brownies from the oven.
"I did. Wow, that took a long time to bake.  I must have been in there at least an hour."
"I made them from scratch."
"Seriously, you cook and bake," Kristin asked incredulously.
"Yeah, I love to cook.  I learned from my mother before she passed away.  It was something we did together," Amber answered.
"My idea of chocolate chip cookies is taking a bite out of the raw cookie dough you find in the grocery store."
Amber looked at her curiously.  It took a second for it to sink in, and then Kristin gasped.
"I remembered that," she exclaimed.  "I actually remembered that I like raw cookie dough."
If she had not already been sitting down, Kristin would have had to find a chair.  She was bowled over by the memory.  It was small, but it was a start.  When she looked up, Amber was smiling.
Trying not to get too caught up so Kristin wouldn't push it, she instead changed the subject.  "What would you like for breakfast," she asked.
"One of those piping hot brownies would be awesome," Kristin replied with a grin.
"So, the doctor who is going to be looking after my child apparently does not eat healthy herself," Amber replied.  "These are for after lunch."
Kristin laughed.  "I believe I'm a junk food junkie," she said.
"Well, while you're in this house, you will eat better than that, Missy," Amber said in her best old lady imitation.
Both of the girls giggled and Amber made Kristin some bacon and eggs while she started mixing up some cookie dough.  They were having a wonderful time talking together as Amber baked.  By the time their first guest rang the doorbell, Amber had the dining table set with all types of petit sandwiches, cookies, brownies, and even a cake.
She had set it with her best china and wine glasses.  They would celebrate life, family, and friends today.  Each of them deserved a little happiness and some time away from the horrors plaguing them.
Olivia was the first to arrive.  Hugging her friend, she asked how she was doing.  "How's the baby," Olivia asked walking into the dining room.
"Active," Amber responded.  "Olivia, you remember Doctor Young."
"Yes, it's so good to see you again, Doctor.  You look well after the last time I saw you," Olivia said.
"Thank you," Kristin replied.  "Please, call me Kristin.  When was the last time you saw me," she asked curiously.
"When you were in the hospital, I checked in on Amber while she was sitting with you.  I saw the bruises and your swollen face.  It looks so much better now," Olivia answered.
"I feel better now.  Amber has taken very good care of me."
The girls talked some more while waiting on the others to arrive.  Mary and Margaret both arrived at the same time.  Amber introduced everybody and they all sat down to eat.
"Yesterday, I cleaned this house from top to bottom as if it had never been cleaned before," Amber was saying.  "It was the strangest thing.  I cleaned stuff I had just cleaned.  I felt like I should open all the windows and do my spring cleaning."
"Nesting," all four women said at the same time then laughed.
"What is that?"
Kristin responded.  "As you get closer to your due date, your motherly instincts kick in.  You want your house to be clean and safe for the new baby.  All women go through the phase but usually closer to the due date."
"But it can vary," Margaret spoke up.  I went through it at different times with each of my girls.
The women continued to talk about babies and families as they ate and drank their wine.  It was a wonderful afternoon for the ladies and a reminder to Kristin of the types of memories she was missing.
Her mother acted just like one of the girls, just a friend, no pressure to remember her childhood or her family.  When everyone left, she realized how thankful she was for that.  It also told her just how much her mother loved her.

~

The following day, it was time for Kristin to go back to the doctor.  Matt decided to go with her because he could easily lift her in and out of the car.  Kristin was so excited to be getting out of the house, even if for a doctor's visit.
As they drove to the hospital, Kristin couldn't help but smile.  Soon she would have the go ahead from the doctor to try to walk although she would not be telling him she had started early.  She would be able to go back to work.  She couldn't explain why, but she missed her office, her staff, and her patients.  She was ready to go back to work.
Once at the hospital, Matt wheeled Kristin to Doctor Peter's office.
"How is the patient today," he greeted Kristin in a friendly voice.
"I'm doing much better than when I last saw you, Doctor Peters.  How are you today," Kristin asked in return.
"I'm doing well, thank you for asking.  How's the memory," he questioned as Matt sat her on an examining table.
"Not so good.  I have had a few minor breakthroughs but nothing major.  My parents are here and I can tell it hurts them that I don't know who they are," Kristin responded.
"You must be patient.  It will all come back to you in time.  Sometimes it takes days, sometimes weeks, but with your type of amnesia any breakthrough is a good sign of a full recovery."
"That's good to know," Kristin sighed.
"Let's have a look at those feet," Doctor Peters said as he pulled out a board at the end of the examination table.  He removed her slippers and slowly unwrapped the bandages Amber had put on that morning.
He studied her feet, applied a little pressure, and then looked at Kristin.  "How long have you been walking on your feet, Doctor Young," he asked.
Matt's head snapped to Kristin.  She looked guiltily at her feet.  "Two days," she mumbled.
"Well, they look good, so I'm not going to fuss.  You certainly are a much better doctor than I am so, even though you don't remember much, I believe you know what you're doing.  Your feet have healed nicely.  You face and hands look much better as well.  Do you want to remove those stitches yourself or do you want to come back and see me in a couple of weeks," the doctor asked.
"If I feel capable, I will do it myself, but if not, I'll give you a call.  Thank you, Doctor Peters, for all your help," Kristin said shaking the doctor's hand.
"You are welcome young lady.  I hope to see you running around the hospital again soon.  And I hope you are taking care of our favorite nurse.  We sure do miss both of you."
Kristin smiled at the older doctor.  He turned and left the room as Matt put Kristin's house shoes back on her feet.  She could feel the heat of his stare.
"When were you going to tell me you had been trying to walk," he asked.
"I wasn't" she replied.
Matt gritted his teeth.  She definitely could be stubborn, but he had to admit he would have done the same thing.  He would be willing to bet Amber knew about Kristin's escapades and had kept her secret.
Matt wheeled her to his car and placed her in the vehicle carefully.  He decided to take a detour he had not told her about.  Her staff was at her office and he was going to take her by to see them.  He knew she wanted to get back and he thought it would be good for her to see her office before she came back on Monday.
When Matt pulled up to the back door of her office complex she looked over at him questioningly.  "Where are we?"
"I thought you might like to see where you work and visit your staff before you see patients on Monday," he answered.
"Really, this is my office," she asked.
"It is," Matt answered.  "Do you want to see it?"
"Absolutely," Kristin said with an excited look on her face.
Matt got out of the car and walked around to her door.  He scooped Kristin out of the car and walked to the back door of her office building.  Mary had been waiting for them.  She opened the door and greeted the couple warmly.  Matt deposited Kristin in Kimber's office where the rest of her staff was gathered.  He waited outside the door while the ladies got reacquainted.
"Kristin," they all cried as soon as he walked into the room.
"How are you," Kimber asked.
"I'm okay," Kristin replied.  "I just finished with Doctor Peters and he says I'm cleared for duty."
"We moved some of next week's patients to keep a light schedule until you regain your full strength," Mary said.  "We can work on the following week when we know how you are doing towards the end of next week, but we decided not to add any more patients to the schedule for now unless it's an emergency.  Most of the parents will understand."
Kristin smiled gratefully.  "Thank you, Ladies.  I know this can't be easy for any of you."
"We just want you to get better," Kimber responded.  The ladies all talked for awhile asking Kristin questions.  If they had not been forewarned of her amnesia, they would not know she did not remember any of them.  She did a really good job of hiding it.  If she was able to interact with her patients the same as with them, her patients would never know she had lost her memory.
Mary was proud of the way Kristin conducted herself with her staff.  She knew Kristin was still struggling with not remembering all of them but she did such a good job, no one felt uncomfortable or awkward.
Kristin was slightly relieved when Matt came back in and scooped her off her chair.  He took her on a tour of her own office with Mary as the tour guide, much like Kristin had given Derek and Amber the day they visited with her.  She loved the exam rooms.  It was a great office.  She was proud of herself and she could see the pride in the ladies who worked for her also.  She had a great staff.
Matt took her back to the car and she waved goodbye to her staff as they gathered at the back door to see them off.  As they were pulling out of the parking lot Matt noticed the tears gathered in her eyes.  He reached over and took her hand in his.  When Kristin looked at him, he smiled.
"I have a good staff," Kristin said.
"Yes, you do.  And they love you dearly," Matt replied.  "They were so glad to see you today."




♥ Chapter 11 ♥


Kristin woke on Monday ready for her first day back to work.  She stretched and smiled at the man lying beside her.  Her mind drifted back to the night before when he thoroughly ravished her.  She was so sated after their lovemaking she had slept soundly.  
She rolled over and kissed Matt, smiling as he began to stir.  "Time to wake up, Sleepyhead," she teased as she crawled out of bed gingerly.  Kristin had worked hard all weekend to be able to walk more than just a few steps at a time.  She and Amber had gone shopping yesterday for comfortable shoes after stopping by her house to gather work clothes.  They found a pair that felt like she was walking on clouds and she bought them in black and brown to wear with any outfit she chose.
She walked into the bathroom and turned the shower on.  Yesterday had been the first time she had been able to take a shower, but Matt insisted on helping to ensure she didn't slip in the tub.  At least that was the excuse he gave.  What followed next proved he was lying.
She smiled at the memories.  Kristin climbed under the hot spray.  As she was shampooing her hair she almost screamed when she opened her eyes to find Matt grinning at her.
"What are you doing," she asked.  She tried to put some aggravation in her voice but her smile told him she was faking.
"Same as yesterday.  I don't want you to slip and fall.  We can't have you forgetting any of the memories we have been making now can we," he said as he wrapped her in his arms.  Besides I love washing your very lovely body."
Kristin sighed as Matt began running soap over her back.  "I guess it's a good thing I got up early."
Matt laughed.  "I knew you were pretty smart, Doc."
An hour later, Kristin and Matt emerged from the bedroom fully clothed and ready for the day ahead.  Amber had breakfast almost ready when the couple walked into the kitchen.
"How many pancakes, Matt," she asked over her shoulder.
"Oh, about five should do me until lunch," he responded.  "Kristin zapped all my strength in the shower, better make it six."
Kristin slapped him playfully.
Amber smiled at the happy couple.  "You can have three," she told her brother-in-law, "And if you are still hungry after that I will make a few more."
"Deal," Matt responded.
Amber carried the hot pancakes to the table as Kristin reached for the plates.  Matt also pitched in and grabbed juice glasses from the cabinet.  Derek joined the family in the kitchen and they all sat down to breakfast together.
"Amber, you are such an amazing cook," Kristin said as the pancakes melted in her mouth.
"Oh, yes.  My brother is a lucky man," Matt replied.
"Thank you, Kristin," Amber smiled, pointedly ignoring her brother-in-law.
"Uh-oh.  I'm not on the good list, am I," Matt asked.
"You forgot to get the paint for the baby's room," Derek answered.
Matt slapped his forehead.  "I'm sorry, Amber.  I did promise and I forgot all about it.  I promise to get it this afternoon.  I'll have your nursery painted before the end of the week."
"There are more pancakes on the stove," Amber said.  She couldn't stay mad at Matt for long.  She knew he wouldn't let her bring his niece home to an unfinished nursery.
"Where does he put it all," Kristin asked.
"I'm not sure.  Between the two of them, they can put away some food," Amber said.
Finishing up their breakfast, Kristin and Amber cleaned up the kitchen then headed out the door.  Amber drove and talked as Kristin listened.  Mary had sent her a copy of the files on all of the patients they would be seeing that morning.  She tried to prepare Kristin as best she could.
When they got to the office, only Mary had arrived.  She was at her desk preparing for the day.  Kristin said a quick hi, then walked to her office to settle in.  Amber followed her with the files.
Kristin glanced through them and thought how strange it was that she understood all of the shorthand notes in the file.  When the rest of the girls came in Kristin and Amber joined them in Kimber's office.  Kristin listened as Kimber addressed the staff.  She reminded them all that Kristin would not remember the patients and it was up to them all to help her through the day and catch any mistakes or cover any awkwardness.
After the meeting, the ladies all went to their respective offices and Kristin settled into hers.  After the first couple of patients, Kristin quickly settled back into routine.  She introduced Amber as a visiting intern to those who questioned her presence.
Just before lunch, Kristin stepped into the ocean room to find a little blond headed imp on her exam table.
"Doctour Woung," little Johnny shouted.  "I get my stitches out..." Johnny stopped in mid sentence.  "Doctour Woung, what happened to you?"
"I was in a small accident," Kristin smiled as she answered Johnny's question.
Johnny grinned.  "We wook wike twins," he said pointing to his forehead where there were stitches Kristin needed to remove.
"We do look like twins," Kristin answered as she laughed.  "Are you still catching all the bad guys?"
"Uh-huh," Johnny answered.  He told Kristin all about his latest adventures as she worked carefully to remove his stitches.  Before the child even knew it, she was finished and picking him up off her table.
"You know where the suckers are, Johnny," she said as she turned to the mother.  "Well, Susie, he's all patched up for now.  Just one more scar to add to his collection."
Susie laughed.  "Thanks, Doctor Young."
Kristin left the exam room and went back to her office.  By now her feet were really starting to hurt.  Amber made sure she sat in between each patient but this was the most she had been on her feet since she had been injured.  She pulled off her shoes and sighed.
"Are they swollen," Amber asked as she also sat down.  She still had a nagging ache in her lower back and her feet were also beginning to swell.
"Yeah, it looks like they are swelling a little," Kristin answered as she held up her feet.
Amber also held up a foot.  "Look, Doctor Young, we can be twins," she said.
Kristin and Amber laughed.  Both were exhausted even though it had been a fairly light schedule.  Kristin because she had not been able to do anything but sleep and sit for a week and Amber because she was nearing her delivery date.
Amber looked up when she heard a commotion in the hallway.  Matt and Derek walked through the door with Chinese takeout.  Both ladies smiled.
"We thought you might be hungry and wasn't sure if you would want to leave the office," Derek said as he kissed his wife.
Matt walked around Kristin's desk, scooped her up, sat down, and placed her on his lap.  "Not enough chairs," he said when she looked at him.
She snuggled into his lap and opened the box he handed her.  As they ate, the couples talked about the day the girls had so far.  Amber told Derek about the charming, little, blond headed boy that Kristin had seen last.
"That's Johnny.  He is always getting into some kind of scrapes.  That child is full of rambunctious energy and is afraid of nothing," Kristin said.
"And he idolizes the police and FBI.  He would get a kick out of meeting the two of you," Amber responded.
"Maybe we can arrange a meeting sometime," Derek replied.
"Oh, he would love that," Kristin smiled as she looked at Matt.
"Well, we had better let you girls get back to the patients.  We need to get back to the office and follow up on a few leads," Matt told her.  He kissed her thoroughly, stood up, and placed her back in her chair where she had been sitting when he walked in.
Derek also leaned over and kissed his wife and the men left the office.
The ladies finished the rest of the afternoon and Amber drove them back to her house.  Feet still hurting and swollen, she called Derek to have him pick something up for dinner.
As the week wore on, both ladies became more accustomed to the work they had not done in awhile and by Friday, were having no problem with tired, achy feet.  Amber's feet were still swollen because of the baby, but she assured Kristin she was fine.
They made the decision to thin the schedule for one more week and hoped by then Kristin would be fully recovered from her injuries, at least physically.
The men were also making progress on the case.  So far, no more bodies had been found linked to TGT but information was starting to pour in on the evidence found.
"The old hospital was first build by the Quattlebaum family in 1912.  That family pretty much owned the town the hospital was built in and the surrounding county.  Richard Quattlebaum was the patriarch of the family and he founded the town and several of the starting businesses," Dale informed Matt.
"From what we can tell, the land or the facility has never been sold or transferred out of the family.  Someone in that family still owns that property.  Our researchers are still trying to piece the old records together."
"Good work, Dale," Matt said.  "Have we learned anything from the blood evidence yet?"
Derek spoke up.  "The one spot on the wall that we assumed belonged to the killer probably does.  It was male while all of the other samples came back female.  So far there have been no hits on a DNA match.  Without a fingerprint to point us toward a suspect, the DNA tells us nothing.  We need something to compare it to."
"Yes, and unfortunately we cannot assume that just because someone owns the abandoned facility, he is the one using it," Matt sighed.  "Let's look into the Quattlebaum family discreetly.  If there is a relative that works in the medical field then we may have something to go off of."
"You got it, Boss," Dale said and jumped up from his seat in Matt's office.  "I'll inform the team."
Just as he was about to leave, Jeremy Richardson, another team member opened the door.  "Boss, you've got to see this."
The men followed Jeremy to the conference room they were using for this case.  On one board were pictures of the victims.  Another board had been set up with a map of Georgia.  The map had pins and yarn spread across the state.  Matt looked questioningly at Jeremy and his partner Rebecca Sinclair.
"We've diagramed where all the bodies have been found, where the victims were taken from, and the amount of time it would take to get to and from these locations and the abandoned hospital," Rebecca said.
"Yes, and we think we may have something," Jeremy finished.
"There places the girls were dumped is almost exactly a halfway point from the abandoned hospital to a surgery center," Rebecca exclaimed.  "And until Doctor Young, no activity had occurred anywhere close to the Atlanta area."
"Then suddenly, after we raid the hospital, two girls are taken from close to Atlanta then dumped close.  It's out of character but still gives us information," Jeremy said.
"We believe the guy we are looking for possibly lives and works right here in Atlanta, but travels to these other surgery centers on designated days," Rebecca continued.
"I'm not sure I'm following," Matt said.
"It's like this," Jeremy stepped in.  "Last year my mother had to have cataract surgery.  She could have traveled an hour to Atlanta for the evaluation with a surgeon then back again for the surgery, but instead, the surgeon visits specific towns on designated days for the evaluation, and then comes back to the surgery center for the surgery.  My mother was able to get all of her care the next town over instead of driving to Atlanta."
"This is very helpful information," Matt congratulated his team.  "Good work.  Dale, take this information with you to the team as you're looking into the Quattlebaum family."
"Will do boss," Dale said as he walked out of the conference room.
"Thanks guys," Derek said as he followed Matt out of the conference room and back to his office.
"If that bastard lives here in Atlanta, he could run into Kristin at anytime," Matt said slamming his fist into his desk.
"Yes, but we will catch him before that can happen," Derek replied.
The men continued discussing the facts they had gathered.

~
After seeing the last patient on Friday, Amber and Kristin once again collapsed in Kristin's office.
"You have a wonderful practice, Kristin.  I am so envious," Amber said.  "This definitely beats twelve hours at the hospital."
"You should come to work for me," Kristin said.
"Oh, no.  I wasn't looking for a job offer, Kristin.  I was just complimenting.  I just think you have a wonderful facility.  You are great with your patients and your staff does a good job.  It's nice to see how you all work together."
"I was serious, Amber," Kristin replied.  "I like working with you.  You would be a good fit.  Besides, Kimber just told me this morning that my nurse, Jennifer, is moving away in three months.  Her husband is in the military.  I am going to have to find a replacement."
"Seriously," Amber asked.
"Yeah, you're a good fit.  The girls like you, the patients love you, and I have enjoyed working with you.  You can have the baby, spend the time off you need with her, then start here when you're ready."
"Wow, I would love that.  Let me talk to Derek," Amber said.
Mary walked into the office at the end of that statement.  "Kristin, I know you probably don't remember this, but there is a convention this weekend that you had wanted to go to.  One of the speakers is going to be talking about juvenile diabetes and you wanted to be in that session."
"Where is it being held," Kristin asked.
"At the Sheridan downtown.  That particular lecture is at ten in the morning," Mary answered.  "You've already paid for the ticket."
Kristin looked at Amber.  "What do you think?"
"I think that would be a good lecture.  You should go."
"You know Matt will not let me go without a chaperon."
"Agreed.  I'll go with you," Amber said.
"Okay.  Mary, would you like to go," Kristin asked.
"No," Mary answered.  "Lectures are not my strong suite," she laughed.  "You two go and have fun.  Take notes for me."
The girls laughed together.
"It has been a long day," Amber said.  "I have a roast that should be about ready by the time we get home.  Want to join us for dinner, Mary?"
"Sure, beats going home to an empty apartment and another frozen meal," Mary replied.
Kristin snapped her head up.  "That's what I usually do," she said.
Both girls looked at her.  "I remember that," Kristin said.  "I remember heating up microwave dinners after work."
"That's great, Kristin.  Not the microwave dinners," Amber said making face, "but the memories are returning more frequently."
The girls talked for a little while longer then left the office to travel to Amber's home.  When the men walked in later, the ladies were gathered at the table with glasses of wine, giggling about a story Mary was telling.
"Hey, Ladies," Matt said as he walked over and kissed Kristin.
Amber stood up and said, "I have supper ready.  You two sit and we will eat shortly."
After she started into walk into the kitchen, Derek followed, grabbed his wife, and kissed her soundly on the mouth.  "How are you, Sweetheart?"
"I'm good.  The baby has been active and my feet are slightly swollen, but it has been a good day.  Kristin wants me to work for her.  I told her we would discuss it and get back to her."
"Wow, Honey.  That's great.  Do you want to work for Kristin?"
"I would love to, Derek.  I've enjoyed this past week.  It would be steady hours, no weekends.  That would make it easier to hire a nanny."
They continued to talk as Derek helped her gather plates and silverware.  Amber carried the food to the table and Derek laid out the plates.  Kristin got the glasses and ice and everyone sat down to eat.
Matt and Derek did not tell Kristin and Amber what they had discovered.  Matt didn't want to worry Kristin with the knowledge that her kidnapper might be close by.
Instead they talked about Kristin's patients and the week the girls had at work.  Amber told Derek about the convention she and Kristin would be attending the next day.
"It's a lecture Kristin was interested in before she lost her memory.  We all have to get our continuing education credits so it will be helpful for me as well," she said.
"That's a great idea.  Matt and I have some stuff to catch up on at the office anyway.  You can stay with Kristin while we're there," Derek said.
"Good, it's all settled then," Kristin smiled.




♥ Chapter 12 ♥


The next morning, Kristin and Amber sent the men off to the office after breakfast.  Then both ladies showered and dressed for the convention.  Kristin was excited about the lecture although she wasn't exactly sure why.
When they arrived at the hotel, they check in and found a seat in the lecture hall.  They talked in a low voice until the announcer stepped to the microphone to introduce the guest speaker.
"Ladies and Gentlemen, may I introduce to you, one of the leading physicians in the state of Georgia, Doctor Jeffery Langcastor."
The physician stepped to the podium amid applause.  The ladies listened for an hour as the physician discussed the latest developments in the research of Juvenile Diabetes.  Soon they broke for lunch before the second half of the lecture.
Standing in line some of the other doctors and nurses in the lecture introduced themselves to each other.  Kristin had just filled her plate and was turning from the table when she turned and locked eyes with a blond headed man reaching around her for a fork.
"Sorry," she stammered.  She thought she noticed a spark of fear in his eyes just before he put his hand out to shake hers.
"No, I'm sorry," he said politely.  "I forgot to get something to eat with.  Doctor Timothy Johnson," he said shaking her hand.
"Doctor Kristin Young," Kristin answered.  Her head began pounding and a blinding light flashed behind her eyes.  Smiling brilliantly, she turned to Amber and introduced her as well.  Amber noticed the fear Kristin was so desperately trying to hide.
Amber also shook hands with the doctor.  "Nice to meet you Doctor Johnson.  What do you do," she asked.
"I'm a surgeon.  Heart specialist," he said turning back to Kristin.  "It seems like I should know you, Doctor Young.  Did we go to school together?"
"I don't remember," Kristin said.
"Actually, Kristin was in an accident and has amnesia," Amber interjected.
"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that," he replied.  "Well, I had better be getting back to my seat."
Kristin and Amber turned and walked back to their own seats.  "What was that, Kristin," Amber asked.
"I'm not sure.  When I made eye contact, I got this blinding pain in my head.  I think I should know him, but not like he said."
"Do you think he is the man who kidnapped you," Amber asked.
"I'm not sure.  All I know is I want to leave now.  I feel like I need to get out of here as soon as possible.  Can we go, please," Kristin asked in a panicked voice.
"Absolutely.  But let's not make it obvious," Amber said.
Kristin nodded agreement and they both took a couple of bites of their lunch.  Amber pulled her cell phone out of her purse to call Derek.  The phone rang but Derek didn't pick up.
Kristin and Amber didn't notice they were being watched.  They picked up their plates and threw them in the trash as they left the lecture hall.  Amber tried calling her husband again as they walked to the car.  Still no answer.
"Going somewhere, Ladies," they heard from behind them.
When Kristin and Amber turned around, the first thing both ladies saw was the gun pointed at them.  Doctor Johnson had followed them to the parking lot.
"What are you doing, Doctor Johnson," Kristin asked.
"Amnesia, Doctor Young," he asked.  "You really expected me to believe that?"
"It's the truth," Amber said.  "She can't remember anything since she was found."
"Ahhh, but you remembered me, didn't you," he asked
"Nothing specific," Kristin answered honestly.  "Seeing you made my head hurt and I was afraid.  It was enough for me to want to leave.  But I guess you just confirmed my fears," she said looking pointedly at the gun.
"Enough of the chit-chat.  Get in the van," Tim replied.  "Both of you."
"No," Kristin shouted.  "She's pregnant.  You can take me, but not her."
"I don't want to shoot her," Tim said waving the gun.  "But I will if you both don't get in the van."
Amber and Kristin decided to cooperate.  They climbed into the van Tim indicated and sat down on the floor.  It was a white cargo van and there were no seats in the back.  The girls huddled together as their captor climbed into the van after them.  There were handcuffs hanging off the sides of the van and he used these to fasten the girl's hands together so they could not try to escape.  Next he grabbed both of their purses and tossed them out of the van.  He climbed into the front seat and started the vehicle.

~

"I just got in some information on the Quattlebaum family," Dale said walking into Matt's office.  "There's a male relative of the family that has become a surgeon.  And you won't guess what his specialty is."
"Not really interested in guessing, Dale.  Spill it," Matt responded.
"He's a heart specialist," Dale replied.
"Seriously," Derek questioned.  "That would be a sick twist of fate, wouldn't it?"
"Do we know where the good doctor is now," Matt asked.
"There's a team on the way to his residence now but there's a convention in town and many of the doctors and nurses in the area are sitting in on lectures to get their continuing education classes.  He may be there also.  It's being held at the Sheridan Hotel in the downtown area," Dale informed them.
"Are you telling me our serial killer could be sitting in the same room as the victim that escaped from him," Matt questioned.
"Kristin is at that convention," Dale asked.
The men all reacted at the same time.  Running out of the office, they jumped into Matt's SUV.  Lights flashing, Matt raced through traffic trying to get to the hotel as fast as possible.  The feeling in the pit of his stomach told him he was already too late, but he continued driving.  Derek and Dale held on slightly.  Derek was just as concerned about his pregnant wife as Matt was about Kristin.
As they pulled into the hotel parking lot, Derek spotted his wife's vehicle.  "Look, there's Amber's car," he shouted.  Matt stopped quickly and backed up to where Amber had parked.  There was an empty spot beside her car so he pulled in.
The men jumped out of the car and started walking toward the hotel.  They had not walked far when Derek spotted his wife's purse lying on the ground with some of her stuff spilling out onto the pavement.  Not far away from it was another bag he assumed was Kristin's.  Gathering his wife's things, he saw her cell phone.  Looking through the recent calls he noticed she had tried to call him twice.
Derek grabbed his own cell and checked it.  He had not heard his cell going off.  When he checked, it was on silent.  He cursed.  He had turned his cell off when they went into a meeting and forgot to turn it back up.
"He's got them, Matt," he stated calmly.  But Matt knew he was anything but calm.  Derek stood up and turned toward his brother.  "He's got my pregnant wife."
"We will find them, Derek, I swear," Matt promised.
Dale was already on his phone informing the team what had happened.  He told them to watch the house of the surgeon but do not approach unless they saw signs of Kristin and Amber.  If he was on his way to his house, they didn't want to spook him.
"I want all of the security tapes from this area.  We need to know what kind of vehicle they are traveling in," Matt said.
The men rushed into the hotel.  Derek started looking for the class Amber and Kristin were supposed to be in while Matt went to the security office.  Within minutes, Matt had the information he was looking for.  Dale called in the all points bulletin for the white cargo van.
Derek was questioning a lady when Matt and Dale caught up with him.  They also began questioning and soon pieced together what had happened.  Between the interviews and the video tape, they had everything they needed to prove Doctor Tim Johnson was the serial killer they had been tracking.

~

There was a reason Tim Johnson had been able to mercilessly kill and mutilate innocent, young women for so long without being caught.  He was very clever and careful.  Knowing the two ladies were bound to be missed before long, he veered off the interstate and began traveling the back country roads to his destination.
The police may have been crawling all over his torture chamber, but he was certain they had not found his hiding place.  The place he slept and ate while his victims recovered enough to be able to scream for him again.  No one knew of its existence.  Not even his crazed grandmother who had been unaware the old hospital still belonged to the family.
If he could just get to his destination before the girls were discovered missing, no one would find them.  He was prepared.  He could go into hiding for years and not be found.  He laughed to himself just thinking about the possibilities.
On the grounds of the hospital, someone had built an underground bunker.  It was well hidden from view.  He had accidentally stumbled onto the place when he was a child.
Often ignored by the adults in his life and left to his own devices, Timothy had turned to the outdoors to find ways to alleviate boredom.  He had been brought up by a very influential, wealthy family.  He had everything he could ever want.  Everything except love.
His was the type of family whose children were brought up by nannies and boarding schools while parents traveled oceans away.  Finding he enjoyed the quiet and solitude of the outdoors, Timothy wondered the many acres of land his family owned and the adjoining Seminole State Park.  He was eight when he caught the first sounds of a tortured animal.
Timothy listened until he could tell which direction the sound was coming from.  He walked until he discovered a rabbit in a poacher's snare.  The animal's leg was crushed and it was crying out in pain.  Timothy liked the sound.  He laughed, delighted by the animal's torment.
He sat by a tree and watched as the animal flailed around and tried to get loose from the trap.  The more the animal struggled, the more exciting the show became.  Timothy sat patiently for hours watching the dying animal.  It was the most fun the child had had in years.
That day, a monster was born.  Walking back to the family mansion, Timothy tripped over a small rock and fell face first into the ground.  When he picked himself up, he was kneeling beside a small opening that looked like a small cave.  It was well hidden by a huge oak tree and would have been missed if he had not fallen at that exact spot.
Timothy decided to see what was inside.  He took a couple of steps into the opening, and found a staircase leading down further into the earth.  He walked down what felt like two flights of stairs into an underground bunker.  It was sparsely furnished with a dusty cot and a lot of cobwebs.  Even at eight years old, he could see it had been unused for a long time.
It didn't take long for Tim to turn that bunker into his personal hideaway.  No one knew anything about the place.  As he got older, he had researched historical records, family records, and town records.  He was sure there was no evidence of his little bunker.
That bunker had become his first torture chamber.  He would catch wild animals and occasionally towns' people's pets and take them to the bunker.  He would torture them just to hear their screams.  It excited him.  He couldn't explain why, it just did.
He was smart enough to hide his obsession.  The more animals he killed the better he got at the torture.  He learned how to prolong the pain so the animal would cry and scream in pain for days.  When he became board with that game, he turned to humans.
He had seen the news channels.  He knew the body count linked to him.  If only they knew the real story.  Timothy had started carving up girls while he was still in his early twenties.  The first, a raven haired prostitute by the name of Trixie, had been a huge disappointment.  He had just started his medical training at Duke University and was out late when he ran into the whore.
He didn't know why but her dark hair and brown eyes turned him on.  She reminded him of the one animal that had made him crazy with its pitiful wails.  A black shaggy dog with brown eyes.  Yes, that dog had made him realize why the screams excited him.  It was the first time he had jacked off to the sound that excited him so.  He finally realized the reason he needed to hear the tortured cries.
He approached the whore, engaged her services, and had her screaming in less than five minutes.  He soon learned his mistake when another whore came running to her friend's rescue.  He killed both girls and buried them in some woods after driving for an hour.
It took him a few months before he was able to find a place where the girls could scream as loud as he wanted and not be heard by anyone other than him.  He was smart enough to only go after prostitutes.  No one missed them when they came up missing and the police didn't care.  He had killed over thirty girls while completing his medical training.  Not all of them had black hair like Trixie.  He had not been so picky back then.  Not until he met her.
She became the love of his life.  The first time he saw her, he decided he would marry her.  Long, dark hair spilled like a waterfall down her back.  Light brown eyes, the exact shade of that mangy dog, had him thinking erotic things when she looked him.  For her, he could give up the others.
They dated for four years.  Joanna Princeton was everything he wanted, everything he needed.  With her, he could behave normally.  He didn't need tortured death screams to make him react physically.  She was the only woman who had ever turned him on.  Then he found her out for who she really was.
He brought her home to meet his family just before he proposed.  He had the ring, the place, everything planned.  She was so excited and he was happy, truly happy for the first time in his life.
The wedding was planned, the honeymoon paid for, and the dress altered.  He continued through his residency as she planned her dream wedding.  He spared no expense.  Nothing was off limits to her.
Then, she broke his heart.  He was on the verge of becoming a world renowned heart surgeon when he discovered the girl of his dreams was a gold digger.  It was all about the money, power, and prestige.  When a bigger fish came along, she jumped ship.  He caught her in their bed with his brother, the heir to the family fortune, on the eve of the wedding.
He was furious.  He stormed out of the house and took solace in his hideaway.  No one heard from him for days.  Several animals gave their lives to help heal his broken heart but it would not be mended.  Joanna was smart enough to leave his hometown and return to her own.  Timothy was smart enough to leave her alone.
Three years later, when he happened to see her wedding announcement in the paper of the Atlanta hospital he was at, he snapped.  Timothy waited for two weeks.  Then he found the object of his hatred and rage, kidnapped her, and brought her back to the old hospital.
She was truly the first real victim of the man who would become TGT.  She was the first to realize his skill as a surgeon could keep her alive and screaming for weeks.  She was the first to carry the heart carved into her ankle.  She was the first he had sex with while he mutilated her body.  The others had been nothing.  Practice for what was to come.  She had awakened the real monster.
He supposed he should thank her for infidelity.  He probably would not have stayed content for long.  Yes, he should thank the bitch that had opened his true passion.  Too bad she was already dead.  Timothy laughed at that thought.

~

Matt was going out of his mind.  He had thought nothing about letting Amber and Kristin go to a medical convention surrounded by hundreds of medical professionals.  He realized now, he should have.  They had already deduced the killer was probably a surgeon.  Why on earth would he not have thought of that before allowing her to go?
They had been at the convention within minutes of the abduction but with no way of knowing where the bastard was headed, there were chasing their tails.  He now felt he knew what Derek must have felt when he learned Amber was locked in a room with the man who had been stalking her for years.
Now that Matt had a name, information was pouring in on the man they now knew was the serial killer terrorizing Georgia.  On the surface, nothing pointed to maniacal killer.  Not until you really dug down deep.  The unusual number of family pets missing around Seminole County when he was a boy, the odd amount of prostitutes who had vanished around the area of Duke University while he was a student, and the ex-fiancé that had disappeared without a trace three years after he called off the wedding.
When you dug deep, a sick picture began to form.  And his love was caught in the clutches of the man who had already terrorized her once.  And so far, Matt had no way of knowing where he was headed.  Giving the order to raid Timothy Parker's house, Matt waited for some small clue that would tell him where to look for Kristin.
The wait was hell.  Matt sat at his desk trying to concentrate on the information in front of him.  Instead he saw Kristin.  He realized then just how much she had come to mean to him.  He had known her for two short weeks, but she had become his everything.  She was the one he would settle down for.  She was the one he could leave the job for if she asked.
He wanted to marry her.  He wanted her to be the mother of his children.  If that bastard touched her, he would kill him.  Matt slammed his fist into his desk.  He needed answers fast.




♥ Chapter 13 ♥


Kristin's head jerked when she heard the laughter coming from the front seat.  There had been silence for more than thirty minutes then suddenly laughter.  She looked at Amber to gage her reaction.  Amber looked like she was in pain.
They had been traveling back roads and suddenly both girls were bounced into the air as Tim went flying over some train tracks.  Kristin cracked her head against the side of the van.  Another blinding flash of light hit her eyes.  Suddenly, her memories started flooding back.  Her childhood memories of her parents and siblings, her school days, her uphill battle through medical school, all came back with a vengeance fighting for attention.  It was giving her a major headache.  And with the good memories came the bad.  The last ones to creep in were the ones of Timothy standing over her, screaming because she would not cooperate.
Kristin's head was hurting so badly, she moaned low in her throat.  She did not see the struggle Amber was having.  The van had also thrown Amber into the air and she landed with the gushing feeling of water bursting followed by a sharp pain.
Her back had been hurting her all morning but she had ignored the feeling.  She could no longer ignore the fact she was in labor after her water had broken with that landing.  She gritted her teeth as the first contraction hit.  She didn't want to upset Kristin or alert their abductor.
Kristin continued the war in her head with her memories.  Closing her eyes to the light, she tried to only think of the good.  She did not want to have to deal with the sick memories of Timothy, a well respected surgeon, until she had to.  It was some time before she lifted her head to look at Amber.
Too late she realized what her friend was going through.  Kristin could tell by the glazed look in Amber's eyes and the strain in her face, she was in labor.  She had been too busy wallowing in her own situation to notice Amber's pain.
"Can you please stop," Kristin asked.
"No," came the reply from the front seat.
"I have to use the bathroom," she tried again.
Timothy, realizing he was almost out of gas, decided to be accommodating.  He searched for a station that had a bathroom outside of the store and went after the key while he filled up the van.  He had already gotten rid of the girls' cell phones so he knew they would not be able to call for help.  He allowed them both to go to the bathroom and wondered what was wrong that Kristin had to half carry the other into the bathroom.
Once inside, Kristin locked the door and turned to Amber.
"How bad is it," she questioned.
"I don't know.  I can't time them," she half whimpered.  "Kristin, she's too early.  I don't know how to stop this."
"Listen to me very carefully," Kristin said quietly.  She was trying to keep her voice down so the monster could not hear her.  "I'm going to walk out that door and lock it.  You are to stay here for about ten minutes."
Amber was already shaking her head.  "I don't have time to argue with you Amber.  You have to protect that baby.  Can you imagine what he would do to hear you scream through your labor?"
"You are not leaving with him alone, Kristin."
"I am.  Now listen.  Wait ten minutes and then go inside and call Derek.  He will send an ambulance and Matt will know which direction he's headed with me.  You can save me and the baby by doing this."
Another contraction hit Amber and she moaned.  Kristin slipped out the door and locked it before Amber had time to realize what she was doing.
"Where's the nurse," Timothy asked.
"She's in labor, hemorrhaging badly.  By the time we got inside the bathroom, she collapsed from the blood loss.  You will have to go get her."
"No, leaver her," he said.  "Get back in the van."
Kristin hid her smile as she obediently climbed back inside.  Her plan worked and she was sure Amber was strong enough to get herself some help.  At least her friend and the baby would make it.
Timothy was not happy about leaving Amber behind.  But if she was bleeding out as bad as Kristin said, she would die in that small bathroom and so would her unborn baby.  She was no use to him dead.  Besides, he had the one he was really after.
Squealing out of the parking lot, Timothy was oblivious to the locals watching him.  He wanted to get to his destination.  He could already feel his excitement mounting.

~

Derek jumped a foot when his phone rang.  "Derek Stevenson," he answered.  Barely able to understand the words on the other end of the line he did make out his wife's voice.
"Amber, Honey is that you?  Oh, Thank God, where are you?"
"He still has Kristin," he barely understood her between the sobbing.  Then another voice came on the phone.
"I'm not sure what's going on mister, but this young lady is hysterical and in labor, and her friend is still with the man in the white van."
"Tell me where you are," Derek barked in a tight voice.
The stranger told Derek what he needed to know while he and Matt loaded into Matt's SUV.  Derek called for an ambulance and they sped down the highway.
Not wanting to draw attention to himself, Timothy had followed all posted speed limits and had not gotten very far outside of Atlanta.  He had no way of knowing the FBI was already on his tail.
Matt and Derek were searching frantically for a reason he would take the country roads and why he was headed south.
"You don't think he is headed back to his hometown do you," asked Derek.
"I had thought of that, but he must know we would look there.  I have the county police looking for him."
"Yes, but they will be searching the highways and interstates.  There is no way to block all of these back roads."
Matt slammed his hand against the steering wheel cursing.  "The bastard's pretty clever."
"We are more so," Derek soothed.
"We have to find him before he disappears.  I have a bad feeling about this, Derek."
"We'll find him."
"No, I'll find him.  You are getting in that ambulance with your pregnant wife," Matt said as he pulled into the gas station parking lot.
Derek jumped out of the vehicle almost before it had come to a complete stop.  He ran to where his wife was laid out on a stretcher about to be loaded into the ambulance.  She was sobbing still as she grabbed his hand.
"She's too early, Derek."
"Hush, Baby.  Everything will be all right."  He took his sobbing wife in his arms and rocked her until she settled down.  As soon as she was calmer the paramedics loaded the ambulance and took off for the hospital.  Derek asked Amber exactly what had happened then relayed the message to Matt who was busy questioning the locals.
The older gentlemen sitting inside the tiny store playing checkers were all too happy to explain exactly what they had seen.  In less than five minutes, Matt was racing down the road in the direction of the white cargo van.
He radioed in his location and told the state and local police to be aware the suspect was traveling back country roads.  It took almost an hour.  One very long, excruciating hour in which Matt pleaded with his maker to allow him to find Kristin alive and unharmed.  He made many promises in that fateful hour and he meant to keep every damn one of them, including the one to use less colorful words like damn.
When his car took a nasty curve and slid sideways he almost cursed again.  He wouldn't find Kristin at all if he killed himself first.  As the car straightened back out, he noticed the back of a white cargo van just ahead.
Deciding not to spook the driver, Matt raced passed him as if he were on his way to another call.  He again radioed in his location and waited for a response to see if any other law enforcement were in the area.  It was the longest wait of his life.  He saw a small country road and turned.
Matt turned around in the road and waited.  Just as the van passed him, dispatch radioed in with the information he had been waiting for.  County deputies were setting up a road block a couple of miles down the road.  Matt waited half a minute then pulled back onto the road behind the van.

~

Kristin jerked her head up when Tim started cursing.  "No, no, no," he screamed like a caged animal.  Handcuffed to the back of the van, she couldn't see what had him riled so, but she hoped it was Matt.  If Amber had called Derek right away, Matt could have caught up to them by now.
Timothy saw the road block and though he didn't believe it had anything to do with him, decided not to stop.  He couldn't risk someone noticing the handcuffed girl in his van.  He was not ready to get caught.  He would be taking a huge risk to try to run through the checkpoint though, so he pulled into a driveway and was about to turn around when he saw flashing lights behind him.
Cursing again, Timothy panicked and did the only thing he thought possible.  He ran.  He stepped on the gas, did a doughnut in the yard and pulled back onto the road going the opposite direction.
Matt came to a screeching halt and did a u-turn in the middle of the road.  The deputies jumped into their vehicles and gave chase.  By now, Timothy was oblivious to the cries coming from the back of the van as Kristin was thrown around.
He sped faster and faster down that country road, not realizing the irony of his situation.  For so long he was the one doing the chasing.  Now, he knew what it felt like to be chased.  Sweat was building on his forehead.  His hands had a white knuckle death grip on the steering wheel.  Too late, he noticed the sharp curve Matt had nearly missed a few minutes earlier.
Kristin gave a sharp cry as the van began to roll.  He arms were almost jerked out of their sockets as she was tossed around.  It happened so fast, she was unable to brace for the impact as the van rolled over itself three times before finally coming to a stop upside down.
Matt slammed on his brakes and was out of the car, gun drawn, before the van came to a stop.  He once again threw up a prayer that Kristin was still alive and unharmed.  Three patrol cars came to a screaming stop behind him and stood behind their car doors with their weapons also drawn.
Matt approached the van cautiously.  His first instinct was to jerk the back door open and find Kristin, but his training kicked in.  He knew he must first eliminate the threat.  He steadily walked to the front of the van.
"Put your hands out the window where I can see them," he yelled.  Timothy was not a stupid man.  He decided to cooperate.  He was certain his many attorneys would be more than willing to drain the old lady dry while working on his defense.  Yes, he could beat this, he decided.  And so Timothy put both hands out of the window and did not resist when Matt dragged him out of the van through the crushed window.
One of the deputies ran over and read him his Miranda rights while Matt searched for Kristin.  She was battered and bleeding from her forced captivity while the van was rolling, but she was smiling when Matt opened the door.  She had never looked more beautiful to him.
"Hey, let me get those handcuffs off of you," Matt said reaching for his key.  As soon as she was released, Kristin hurled herself into his arms.  Matt held her as if his life depended on it.  And, he decided, it really did.
"I'm so sorry, Matt.  I had no idea he would be at the convention.  It never crossed my mind."
"No, Kristin, you have nothing to be sorry about, Baby.  Let's just get you cleaned up.  Are you hurt anywhere?"
"Everywhere," she laughed.  "But I'll live.  Matt, I got my memory back, all of it.  I can tell you exactly what he did to me and the others."
Matt shuddered when he heard that statement.  They would need her testimony to get a conviction but he wished she would never have to relive those moments of torture she had suffered.
Matt continued to hold her as they waited for an ambulance.  He completely blocked her view of her captor as they hauled him away.  She clung to him as if she would never let go, and he hoped to God she didn't.  He needed her.  He just wasn't sure yet how to tell her.
When the ambulance arrived, she was cleaned up and doctored.  Most of the blood had come from a nose bleed.  She had a few cuts and bruises but she was definitely in much better shape than she had been after her first encounter with the monster.
Matt loaded her into his SUV and the headed back to Atlanta.  It wasn't until Kristin asked about Amber that he remembered his sister-in-law was in labor.  He immediately called his brother to get an update.
Kristin and Matt made it to the hospital just in time to greet the new arrival into the world.  Amber was beaming as she presented Matt's niece to him.  "I named her Kristin Olivia after the two strongest women I know," Amber said smiling.
"Oh, Amber.  She is beautiful," Kristin breathed.  She watched as Matt held the tiny life in his arms and hoped that one day she would see him holding her child in his arms.
Amber reached for Kristin's hand.  "Are you okay?"
"I am.  Matt found me just in time.  The monster is locked up now and hopefully will not see the light of day for a very long time."
"I'm so glad you're okay.  You don't know how worried I was.  I was so afraid for the baby and you and I wasn't sure which I should worry about more.  Thank you, Kristin for saving my baby.  I'm not sure she would have made it if I hadn't gotten to the hospital when I did."
"Let's not dwell on the past anymore.  This precious new life deserves a whole lot of happiness and joy in her life.  Let's forget the darkness and fear.  Your fear is dead and mine is in jail.  We have only a bright future to look to."
Amber had tears streaming down her eyes when Matt handed his niece back to her mother.  He gathered Kristin in his arms and kissed her thoroughly.
"I couldn't agree with you more.  We do have a bright future ahead and I hope you will be spending yours with me."  Now it was Kristin's turn to cry.  Matt gently wiped her tears with his thumb as he kissed her again.
After the many hugs, tears, and cries of congratulations, Matt drove Kristin to her home.  Her parents had been staying in her apartment after that first night at the hotel.  She was anxious to see them again and tell them how much she loved and appreciated all they had done for her.
When she knocked on the door, her mother opened it.  "Kristin," she exclaimed.  "How's my baby?"
"Not a baby anymore, Mother."
As soon as the words were out of her mouth, her mother burst into tears.  The women hugged and cried.  Paul came into the foyer to see what all the commotion was about.  When he saw his daughter wrapped in his wife's arms, he knew she had regained her memory.  He broke down and sobbed like a baby when Kristin turned to him.
Matt, Kristin, and her parents spent the next few hours talking.  He took them all out to dinner and as soon as he was able, he pulled Paul aside and told him just how he felt about the man's daughter.  Paul shook Matt's hand.
"I would be honored to call you son."  With her parents blessing, Matt didn't wait to tell Kristin just exactly how he felt.  He didn't need a few years to know if they were right for each other.  He had found his heart when he found her on the side of the road that day, and he would never be letting her go.




♥ Epilogue ♥


"Has the jury reached a verdict?"  The call rang out in the silent courtroom.
"We have your Honor."
"In the case of the death of Amanda Johnson, how do you find?"
"We the jury find the defendant, Timothy Parker, guilty of murder in the first degree."
Kristin let out the breath she didn't know she had been holding.  The courtroom erupted with shouts and cries of joy as the victims' families listened to the first verdict.
"Silence in the courtroom," the judge cried.  Kristin continued to listen as the jury answered each verdict.  Eleven guilty verdicts of murder in the first degree and one guilty verdict of kidnapping and attempted murder were handed down.  Timothy Parker would spend the rest of his life in a tiny prison cell.
It had taken five long years to hear those words.  Timothy's lawyers had managed to drag out the inevitable as long as they possibly could.  In the end, his grandmother's money couldn't save him as he had hoped.
And in the true form of justice, Timothy ended up with a cell mate who liked to hear people scream as much as Timothy did.  He was bigger, stronger, and meaner than Timothy.  In the darkness of night, Timothy got a true taste of the terror his victims suffered before he finally put them out of their misery.  Only his misery would last for much longer than any of his victims.

#####



♥ Tantalizing Desire ♥
Book Three


"I know the pain you're suffering.  I will help you end it.  In a few minutes you will meet your maker and all will be well again.  You will be well and whole.  No more suffering.  No more pain.  God's angels will carry you to the other side.  Your family will miss you, but you, my friend, will no longer be suffering."
The old lady in the bed watched as the needle slipped into her IV.  She felt the numbing affect of the drug almost immediately.  She drifted to sleep slowly listening to the sound of her Angel of Mercy telling her she would be pain free soon.
Pamela McDowell had lived to the ripe old age of eighty-one.  She had slowly been losing strength for four months when the doctor diagnosed her with stomach cancer.  In a few short weeks, Pamela had been hospitalized and hooked up to tubes and IV's trying to keep her alive.
Her children visited her everyday but were never there long enough to see the real pain she endured daily.  She had lived a full life.  She wanted to be finished.  She didn't like lying in that hospital bed day after day, knowing she was dying, continuously in pain.
Unable now to upon her eyes she sensed her angle leaving the room.  Pamela McDowell took her last breath thankful for the end.

~

Olivia Carnes made her rounds checking on her patients one last time before going to the cafeteria to eat her lunch.  It was practically deserted since she now worked third shift, but they kept the room opened and the lights on so hospital personnel had a place to sit while on lunch break.
She didn't always work this shift but since her best friend, Amber Stevenson, had taken a new position with Doctor Kristin Young, Olivia had agreed to fill in on the night shift which had been short staffed for some time.  She enjoyed her job and since she lived alone, didn't really care what time her shift was.
Most of her patients encountered a smiling, caring nurse who showed real concern for their care.  Only close friends and coworkers noticed the smile so readily available did not reach her eyes.  There was an emptiness there that would probably never heal.
Olivia had not always been lonely.  She had been married, joyously happy, and expecting a child.  A disturbing turn of events left Olivia childless and husbandless with a deep fear of ever trusting a man again.  She was determined never to repeat the mistakes of her past.
When she had moved to Atlanta to be closer to Amber, Olivia had legally changed from her married name back to her maiden name.  She wanted no reminders of the hell she had endured when she learned the full truth of her husband's duplicity.  Many of her coworkers would be surprised to know she had even been married.
Only Amber, her husband Derek, and Kristin knew the truth of Olivia's past.  She never spoke of it and often refused to dwell on it.  So it was a little disconcerting that all of those old memories seemed to want to surface tonight while she was eating her lunch in the solitude of the cafeteria.
She supposed the recent birth of her partial namesake had been the reason for the more frequent reminisces.  Her own little girl would have been close to four by now.
Olivia shook her head trying to clear the images.  Something she had never told Amber, and swore silently she never would, is she often saw her little girl.  Not as the still born she had been but like she would be if she had lived.  It had scared her the first few times it happened, but now Olivia was used to the images.
She would sometimes come down the stairs of the little townhouse she lived in and find a small child with chestnut colored hair playing on the rug in front of the couch.  It always surprised her but also made her heart glad.  Each time she spotted the child she noted only her facial features in the child.  She had none of Patrick's features or coloring.
Olivia sighed as she continued her meal.  She hated these melancholy moods she was developing.  Sunny by nature, it pained Olivia to realize she was slipping into a small depression.  She decided she would need to talk to her doctor about her moods to see if there was something she should be taking.
No drugs would ever heal the hurt and anger she suffered at her husband's duplicity, but she needed to feel happy again.  Even if she lived alone, she still had people who depended on her.  She refused to live in a state of depression.
Finishing her lunch, Olivia made her way back to her work station.  She once again made her rounds checking on each patient.  She was careful not to disturb any of them.  She knew from working there and receiving the many complaints that it was next to impossible to sleep in a hospital so she was the last person to try to disturb her patients.
The last room she came to was the room of Pamela McDowell.  When she looked in the old lady appeared to be sleeping peacefully, however, Olivia noticed her machines had been turned off.  Olivia stepped further into her room and checked her patient's vitals.  She could feel the tears starting to gather as she lifted the cold lifeless hand of the old lady she had been taking care of for the last two weeks.  She knew this day would be coming.  Mrs. McDowell was in a considerable amount of pain, but the fact that the monitors had been turned off so as not to catch the failing heartbeat concerned Olivia.  She said nothing about that fact as she informed the head nurse of the old lady's passing.
Olivia had not been working the third shift for long but even on day shift she had been concerned with the unusual number of deaths she had noticed.  For over a month she had been contemplating whether she should talk with Derek.
Deaths were common in a hospital especially with the elderly, however, there had been a steady rise in the number of deaths that had been occurring in her hospital for several months.  She had no evidence, nothing that said these deaths were suspicious other than a nagging feeling and now a monitor that had been turned off purposely when Mrs. McDowell lay dying.  She decided that was proof enough to at least tell Derek of her concerns.  Surely he and Matt could look into the matter.

~

Derek and Matt Stevenson were sitting in Matt's office looking over a case that had just come in.  The brothers had not had any major cases since locking up the serial killer they had been chasing a few months earlier.  Thankful for the quiet, Matt had agreed to look into a case in Texas.
Since Matt and Derek had started working together other law enforcement agencies had taken notice of the cases the brothers closed.  A few had requested the two take a look at files they were having difficulty with to get a fresh perspective.  Matt would often agree if his own desk wasn't full of his own cases.
Waiting for Dale McGhee, his third in command, to join them, Matt and Derek talked quietly.  Matt was thankful for the addition of Dale to his team.  He was a hard worker who enjoyed the job.  With a military background, Dale brought a lot to the table.  This is why Matt and Derek had been including him in on these types of discussions.
Dale was walking to Matt's office when he suddenly stopped in his tracks and stared at the beautiful woman who had just walked through the door.  Long brown hair reaching past her shoulders swayed as she walked.  Dale felt like a fist had been shoved into his stomach when wide brown eyes met his.
"Can I help you," he asked surprised his voice sounded calm.  On the inside he was anything but calm.  He had met a lot of pretty women so he was unsure why this one would affect him this way.
"I was looking for Derek Stevenson."  Her voice was sultry with a slow southern accent.  A true Georgia peach, he mused.
"I'm headed to talk with him now.  I'll show you the way."
"Thank you."  Olivia smiled at the agent willing to show her to Derek's office.
Dale was stunned by her beauty as she smiled at him, then concerned.  He had noticed her smile was simply for outward appearances.  Something had happened to the beauty to hurt her deeply.
"I'm Dale, by the way."
"Nice to meet you Dale, I'm Olivia."
Dale turned and escorted Olivia to Matt's office where the brothers had gathered.  Derek looked up as he stepped into the office.
"Olivia," he said with surprise in his eyes.  "What brings you by here?"
Olivia took in the three men and realized they must have been about to have a meeting.
"Oh, I'm sorry, Derek.  I didn't realize you might be busy.  I can come back another time."  Olivia was trying to back her way out of Matt's office when Derek grabbed her elbow and brought her further into the room.
"Come on in, Olivia.  We can talk in her.  You know Matt."  Olivia and Matt nodded to each other.  How could she forget Matt?  He had been so kind to her while informing her of her husband's death and the circumstances surrounding it.  Most law enforcement would not have been half as caring.  She knew part of the reason was because of Amber, but she appreciated his thoughtfulness all the same.
"Have you met Dale," Derek asked.
Olivia nodded again and sat in the chair Derek pointed out to her.  He leaned against Matt's desk as he waited for her to tell him what was bothering her.
"I realize how crazy this is going to sound, Derek, but I have some concerns and I wanted to discuss them with you to see if I am just overreacting or if I should be legitimately concerned."
"Sure, Olivia.  We will be glad to help in any way we can."
"Last night, one of my elderly patients passed away.  She had been sick for some time and everyone knew it would happen soon.  Bless her heart, she was in so much pain.  But when I went in her room to check on her, all of her monitors were turned off.  They were working fine when I went to lunch and she was breathing normally.  When I can back, they were turned off, and she was dead."
Olivia took a deep breath after that long speech and waited.  Derek, unsure what she was looking for, turned to Matt with a questioning look.
"Olivia, what is your concern," Matt asked.
"There have been an unusually number of deaths in the hospital lately," she responded.  "Last night made me wonder if there have been more than there should have been."
Understanding began to dawn on the men's faces.
"I know it sounds silly.  People die in the hospital all the time.  But some of the deaths are suspicious to me.  Since I've been on the night shift, my curiosity has really been aroused."  Olivia sighed.  She really did feel stupid for actually talking about this out loud.
Derek tried to relieve her mind a little.  "Olivia, if you feel something is not quite right, then you were right to come to us.  We would be happy to look into this matter."
Derek and Matt asked her several questions as Dale sat quietly making notes.  Two hours later, Derek escorted Olivia to her car.
"Thanks, Derek," she said as she climbed into her car.
"Anytime, Olivia.  We'll let you know what we find out."  Derek closed her door and watched as she pulled out of the parking garage.  Amber had been concerned about her friend for a long time and after talking with Olivia for awhile he could understand the concern.
Amber's friend had a heart of gold, a ready smile, and a loving personality.  If you didn't know her story, you would never discover the brokenness she hid so well.  Derek sighed as he walked back into the building.
Joining Matt and Dale back in the office the three discussed what should be done about Olivia's concerns.  Once they decided on a course of action, they turned their attention to the Texas file.

~

After leaving the FBI office, Olivia drove home.  Her concern about Mrs. McDowell had taken a lot out of her and she wanted to take a hot shower then go to bed.  It bothered her to think there might be someone in the hospital killing patients, but after the events of last night, she had no choice but to try to find out more.
After learning what her husband had done, she was not sure if she could handle dealing with an Angel of Mercy in the hospital where she worked.  They were health care givers.  It was not their place to decide when it was time for someone to die.
She understood the pain Mrs. McDowell was in and was actually relieved the sweet, old lady would no longer feel her pain, but there had been other incidents that had truly concerned her.
Just last week, a small child gave up his struggle with pneumonia.  According to the charts, the child seemed to be responding to treatment, but suddenly, the child stopped breathing.  The parents were beside themselves.  The couple had left the hospital room for twenty minutes to grab some supper in the cafeteria.  When they came back to the room, the child was dead.  The mother's screams had echoed through the hospital.
Olivia was just beginning her shift when she heard the gut wrenching sound.  The parents had been inconsolable.  Olivia felt the mother's pain.
After her experience last night, Olivia could not shake the child's death from her mind.  Surely whoever had helped Mrs. McDowell into the next life, had not killed a small child.
There had been other concerning incidents like that as well.  While she would never condone killing another human, she could understand someone giving into the pleading of a loved one to end their suffering.  But there had been other patients who seemed to be getting over their illnesses but suddenly took a turn for the worse or simply slipped into eternity while they slept.  These are the patients who truly concerned Olivia the most.  The number of deaths of people who should be recovering was way too high.
Olivia decided to leave her concerns in the hands of the FBI.  She felt Matt and Derek had been honest with her and she knew they would investigate.  If they found nothing she would breathe easier.  In the meantime, she wondered how she could continue to go into work and know she was working with a possible serial killer.
Olivia put these thoughts out of her mind as she climbed into her shower.  A few minutes later, she was pulling the dark curtains in her bedroom closed so she could sleep.
####




♥ Author's Note ♥


Thank you for taking the time to read my book.  I would love to hear from you and would like some honest feedback on your thoughts and opinion of my writing.  Whether or not you enjoyed the book, please email me and let me know how I can improve as a writer.  You can reach me at emmagracebooks@yahoo.com and I am on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/emma.grace.1029770.




♥ About the Author ♥


Emma Grace is a small town Southern girl whose love of books has been handed down through the women in her family for many generations.  Emma has often sat with her mother or grandmother each reading their own books and enjoying the others silent company.  Emma is the mother of three beautiful children and is married to a loving, devoted husband.  It was her husband and children who encouraged her to write her own books for others to enjoy.


