



Dead Reckoning



Dead Reckoning


By P X DUKE


Copyright © 2022 P X Duke
All Rights Reserved


ISBN 978-0-9869558-5-3


ALSO AVAILABLE AS A PRINT BOOK


Previously published as standalone short stories:
Dead Reckoning, ISBN 978-0-9869558-5-3, Copyright 2013 by P X Duke
Long Way Home, ISBN 978-0-9869558-6-0, Copyright 2013 by P X Duke
Payback, ISBN 978-0-9869558-9-1, Copyright 2013 by P X Duke




Disclaimer
Dead Reckoning is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Places mentioned by name are entirely fictitious and purely products of the author’s imagination, and are not meant to bear resemblance to actual places or locations.




9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1

Table of Contents


Prologue

Part 1

Part 2

Part 3

More by P X Duke

About the author






For Delissa, Jean-Marc, Bob, and Stan.
Their plans didn’t work out.

For Irit, wherever you are.

Make my bed and light the light,
For I’ll be home late tonight, 
Blackbird, bye, bye.





Some of this could be true.






When you don't have a plan, you often end up doing something called flying by the seat of your pants. In the world of aviation, that's known as Dead Reckoning, and for good reason.

If you reckon wrong, you can end up dead.

Prologue
We were living on the cheap, going native and spending our days and our money in a broken-down country in a broken-down town in a broken-down cantina. We were on the run from too much drink, too many women, a shortage of cash and North African desert—not necessarily in that order.
There was nothing too desperate in any of that. It was hardly enough to force us into being desperados.
My friend Mike and I had started taking up space in the small cantina, trying to while away the endless days and nights. By force of habit adopted from experience, we always sat with our backs against a wall. We liked to keep an eye on the doors and windows and what they might present beyond our control.
I learned to speak the language from the local señoritas who took a liking to me. Maybe it was my friendly manner. Maybe it was my ability to laugh at myself or to let them laugh at me. Or maybe it was the dancing I did with the girls on the cantina's dirt floor.
Perhaps. But mostly I figured it was the bit of cash I sent in their direction from time-to-time. That was all right with me. It seemed like the thing to do.
Today was no different from the countless others that went before it. It was getting on to noon. We had been in the place for an hour, maybe a little longer. When you drink your lunch, you tend to lose track, and if you started early enough and waited long enough, the dark inside would eventually match the night outside.
We were flirting with the local color, but we weren't making any headway. Perhaps the girls started figuring us to be regulars. They might have known by now we were the only game in town.
The cantina picked up the lunch crowd, such as it was in the small town. It was looking like the pickings would be slim today. Such as it was, the crowd had already thinned. Most of the regulars had departed.
Whatever was going on wasn't up for discussion. With nary a word to the gringos, the girls drifted away as well.
Even the bartender disappeared.
Never one to miss an opportunity, I grabbed two teary, wet-stained Sol from behind the bar. Cool and damp in my grip, I set them on our table and sat down to enjoy the fruits of my labor in the day’s heat and humidity.
Mike nodded his thanks and tipped his head towards the door. The cantina darkened even more when an enormous man hesitated in the doorway. He blocked the entrance and the sun that streamed past the door, causing a dark shadow to be cast on the dirt floor.
He looked around for what I thought was a little longer than if he were only on the lookout for friends. He must have been satisfied by what he saw, because he entered.
He clutched a dirty canvas bag tight against his body. He looked over at us, nodded, and sat down at the deserted bar. He didn't stay long, probably because there was no one behind it to serve a drink. He looked around, shifty-eyed and sweaty, stood up, and made for the cantina's open back door.
A door slammed, tires slipped on gravel and a car sped away. It left behind a cloud of dust that drifted into the cantina on dead air.
I returned to the bar to refresh the Sol. My foot caught, and I tripped over a bag laying on the dirt floor by the deserted bar stool. The cantina stayed empty, but I didn't pay attention to that. I was too immersed in trying to know if I should leave the bag where it was, or investigate further.
I figured I should investigate.
Bad idea—but I didn't think about that.
I made a grab for the bag and mumbled to Mike. It was time to go. We stumbled our way out the door, blinked our eyes and squinted into daylight before taking off for parts unknown in the Jeep. At a respectable distance down the road, we pulled over to investigate our purloined treasure.
One look inside the bag told us without a doubt that the parts wouldn't remain unknown for long.



PART ONE
Baja sur y norte

It's all about the money

—Do you have the money?
—Yes. You know we do. We always do. Have we ever not had the money?
—How much do you want?
—We have the cash for ten.
—Hand it over. If the count is good, the boat will hook you up at the usual place.
—It's good. We'll be there.
1
MIKE WILLIAMS AND I spent a week or ten days roaming parts of mainland Mexico. We mostly kept out of the major centers and wandered into the more out of the way places. We even tried paying out good money for information.
When that didn't work, I rolled with the punches and used my gringo Spanish to make an attempt at verifying local rumors. I got a little gun-shy about the trail I was leaving, but it was probably too late, so I stopped thinking about it.
Mike had about enough of the wandering around as though we were lost in a desert. He needed a break, so he took up residence in a cantina he thought he’d like. Since the girls were friendly and the dance floor smooth, he'd call it home for a few days before rejoining me to continue our research.
It wasn’t so long after that when it all came together about a hundred miles east of the Mar de Cortes. Or if you like, the Golfo de California. The locals used both names. I fell into what had to be a former military airport. Two old hangars looking long-deserted. Broken windows and cracked floors and walls said they had seen better days, but not recently.
I needed to know how isolated the strip would be before we could put it to use. I camped out about a quarter-mile away in a deep depression obscured by desert scrub. It would help to keep me invisible while I kept an eye on the place.
In the daytime, with the sun beating down on that depression, it was hotter than a bitch. At night, it was as cold as the North African desert nights I was more familiar with. Sometimes I would wake up from a sweaty dream thinking I was back in the thick of it.
On one of my scouting expeditions, I discovered a small creek a hundred yards from my campsite. When the urge struck, I relieved the boredom by washing off the dust that accumulated thanks to the wind and the sand that drifted into the hollow.
It reminded me of the ghibli, a hot, dust-laden wind that comes up out of the Libyan desert. Minus the abundance of water I found in the creek. That wind shut down our North African operation more than a few times.
During daylight hours, I'd siesta in the afternoon with the best of them. By night I chanced cooking over an open fire. I waited until the dead of morning when there wasn't much chance of anyone spotting the smoke.
By mid-week, there was no sign of anyone. The place was so isolated, it could only be meant for something illegal. That something illegal would put it right up our alley.
It was towards the end of my stakeout in the early morning, on my only recon of the buildings. I stumbled across a rickety-looking old Cub tucked away beside a hangar. It was hidden on three sides behind a scrub-covered berm. The berm kept the plane out of sight from everyone but the most determined—or the people who stashed it there.
I took time giving it a quick once-over. I dropped the cowlings. Visually, the engine appeared good. No oil leaks. Fabric covering the wings and body in good shape. Hell, what could go wrong with a Cub? It was an airplane meant for stick-and-rudder if there ever was one.
It came together fast. I had the airstrip. I had the airplane. It was everything I was looking for. We could make our escape without leaving a trace.
Now all I needed was Mike.


I was surveying the expanse of airport when clouds of dust kicked up by a truck announcing its arrival chased me behind a hangar. I had to know for sure. I waited, concealed by a corner of the vast hangar. The beater wheezed and backfired as it made its way across the tarmac. It halted inside the open hangar.
I stepped out to greet Mike.
—I thought I recognized the sound of that wreck. How did the trip go?
Mike didn't look so good. He looked like he had spent too much time in a cantina. His hands shook. He was hung over. He had to be coming off a drinking spree like nothing I had ever witnessed. His eyes resembled two piss-holes in a snowbank. There was a problem with that, though. We were on mainland Mexico.
Snow was at a premium.
—It must have been one hell of a party.
I moved upwind just to be safe and grinned mightily, glad it wasn't me in that condition. Whatever his condition was. I still hadn’t figured it out.
—Day and night. I think I wore holes in my shoes dancing with the señoritas. Then the locals took it upon themselves to get jealous. When the fist-swinging began, I had to do a quick-step dance on my way out of that cantina, let me tell you.
I laughed at Mike’s description of the hombres trying to get the girls onto the dance floor and away from the gringo with the money. Hell, I'd have been doing the same thing if I wasn't stuck in this shithole.
—Let’s take a gander at our prize.
I led Mike to the Cub squatting in the dirt between the berms.
—So this is it. She looks ugly as hell just sitting there. Does it have the range with those wheels?
Someone had outfitted the Cub with tundra tires. They were huge, oversize tires normally found on the much larger DC-3. Low air pressure in those wheels would give the Cub the ability to land almost anywhere in the dirt. Considering the huge amount of dirt in this country, those wheels would be a definite asset.
—You'll need to watch the winds, but this is the one to do the job.
We pushed the Cub into the hangar, and I got to work. Mike swept the ground to remove traces of tire tracks in case anyone came looking. When he finished, he wandered off to catch some much-needed shuteye in the truck’s cab. I thought he needed just a little more of the dog that bit him than he needed shuteye, but I didn't let on.
I didn't let him close his eyes for long. He’d thank me for that when mid-afternoon arrived with the heat radiating off the tarmac in waves.
—Hey, partner, give me a hand—if you think you're up to it, that is.
I figured I wouldn’t point him towards the creek until I didn’t need him. If he fell in, he might not be capable of crawling out in his present condition.
—Cut me some slack. I'm up to it. I need a minute, is all.
Mike staggered across the cement slab burning up under the noon-day sun. He made it to the edge before stumbling and falling to his knees. He gagged twice. Clutched at his stomach. Convulsed and threw up.
—Are you going to need help to get back on your feet?
He pulled a rag out of a back pocket and managed a swipe at the sweat running down his face.
—Damn, that's better. All right, I'm ready.
Mike didn't even get any on his knees. He must have had plenty of practice in that cantina he liked so much. He pushed himself up and grinned a shit-eater before dancing a jig. 
Fresh sweat poured down his face. I shook my head, but we both knew I'd be in the same condition were I the one enjoying the sins of the cantinas and the girls they offered.
It had been a long month for both of us. Now that everything looked to be coming together, we had the end in sight.
—That's one ungainly looking airplane.
—She's no beauty, but she'll do the job. And the price is right. Did you bring everything?
—Yes. It's all here.
—I have to look over this tin can. We'll do a run-up when I'm done.
Despite throwing up, Mike still didn’t look so good.
—Five days in that Mexican cantina pretty much tore me down and spit me out. I need to wash the stink off.
He was right. I took pity on him.
—Follow the trail to the creek.
I waved a hand in the general direction. He’d have to cross the heat emanating from the tarmac before he'd find relief in the cool of the tall grass.
—The water isn't so bad. Don’t drown before the job is over.


I popped the engine cowlings and inspected the engine with a fine-tooth comb. I pulled the fuel bowl and took a look at the filter. I drained the fuel line.
No rust. No water. No nothing.
I slipped off the leads and pulled the plugs. The color was good. The plug wires looked to be new. This airplane was somebody's baby. Whoever owned it would be some pissed when he showed up and found it desaparecido. Disappeared.
Even the control cables were brand new. I know, because I checked. No way would I take a chance on anything going wrong that would endanger Mike.
He showed up looking clean and refreshed, in time to help push the Cub towards the open hangar doors. With wheels chocked, he climbed in. He called out magnetos off. Fuel on. Carb heat off. Prime two pumps.
I walked around front and pulled four blades.
Mike called out.
—Magnetos on.
One pull and she fired right up.
I was right. This was one well-maintained airplane. Mike did his run-up in a cloud of dust. I pulled the wheel chocks, and he got to work taxiing figure eights inside the hangar. When he was satisfied, he shut down.
—What’s with that fancy dancing?
It couldn’t be.
—Bonus. Someone rigged the brakes.
It was. Someone had set up the brakes to be used individually. It turned a plane that could turn on a dime into one that would turn on the head of a pin.
—Yeah, I left them the way they were. I wondered how long it would take you. So what do you think?
—Damn but she started like a dream. I can hand-bomb it by myself, no problem. She runs smooth, too. It's a bear looking over that nose on those wheels. Angle taxiing should take care of that.
—I wouldn't sweat the taxiing. She'll be good to go from wherever you park her with those tires. Hell, you could land on a shore swell wearing shoes like that. You could probably take off from one, too.
I didn’t need to tell him. He was too experienced not to know. To celebrate, we cracked more Sol and sat down in the shade. I noticed right off Mike smelled a lot sweeter after his trip to the creek.
—We're good to go.
—Harry, the sooner I fly her out of this place, the happier I'll be.
Mike was almost too eager to get on with it. Already he had a chart out and was contemplating the blue-colored expanse of water it presented.
—I'm with you on that. I’ve been leaving a trail a mile wide. I don't think your generosity in the cantinas has gone unnoticed either.
We settled back and relaxed, knowing we’d be heading out soon.
—El Dorado is an eighty-mile hop to the west. I plan on keeping a low profile and staying away from the cantinas. For a change, I'll count the churches while I'm waiting for your call.
As far as counting churches went, we both knew it would be an impossible task in this country.
—I didn't get any puke sacks for you.
The wide grin told me he was coming around.
—I won't need one if the engine performs. The pucker factor will be high until I nurse her across to dry land.
—I don't envy you on that first leg to Los Muertos, but that engine is as good as gold.
—I'll hold you to that.
We clinked bottles and chugged, celebrating as only we knew how.
—I'll see you across the water.
—You know it.
2
ON A ROAD TRIP DOWN THE BAJA more than a few years ago, I heard rumors of an old fly-in fishing camp at Los Muertos. The place had been popular with the moneyed crowd in the '50s. Times changed. It fell out of favor and ended up being unceremoniously deserted.
Unseen, Los Muertos became plan A, and critical to our operation. It was the closest point of land, separated as it was by the Gulfo de California, from the mainland and El Dorado. If the strip was usable, Mike could land the Cub after a 200 mile flight over the Gulfo’s open water. It would be the first stop on our trek north.
We had no Plan B.
Mike had already agreed to do the flying. I was tasked with confirming the existence and usability of the Los Muertos strip. It took two days of hard driving through wind and heat and dust and dirt in an uncovered Jeep to get from the mainland and down the Baja. I could have taken a more direct route by using a ferry. I’d have a good night’s sleep, too.
There was a downside to that. It would create a paper trail for the vehicle and for me.
Mike’s problem wouldn’t be one of time. He’d make it across the Golfo in three hours aboard the Cub. I didn’t envy him. He would need all the nerve he could muster to nurse an ancient, single-engine plane on wheels across two hundred miles of open water.
I made the turnoff into La Paz, relieved to be there after the non-stop drive. I picked up a phone card and put in a call to Mike back on the mainland. I pictured him living in the tiny cantina. By now, the girls probably called him el loco gringo, the crazy gringo, behind his back.
His comeback, when he answered, took me by surprise.
—I'm not spending any money on the cantina girls. They stopped talking to me. I can't find any more churches to count. Tell me you're somewhere close to Los Muertos.
—I'll be stocking up on refreshments when I hang up. Another hour of driving and I'll be there.
The line went dead. The man wasn't kidding when he said he was tired of counting churches.
I loaded up with fuel, food, and ice for the Sol we both had an appetite for and threaded my way south out of the city. An hour later, I had the Jeep rattling down the rough overland trail to a beat-up shack off the west end of the old Los Muertos landing strip.
What could be more boring than waiting?
I drank cold Sol to wash away the dust that had accumulated in the back of my throat on the long, sun-burned, two thousand mile trek in the open, broken-down Jeep. With luck, there would be some left for Mike when he showed up.
Eventually, I began to wonder. Was Mike airborne yet? I closed my eyes and allowed myself to imagine easy street to be a lot closer than it had been back on the mainland.
Following the well-deserved siesta, I grabbed a beer and walked the strip. It was rough and uneven. Sharp rocks capable of puncturing normal tires on a twin or even a single-engine aircraft lay scattered around. I didn’t bother with them. The strip was usable for our purposes. The low-pressure tundra tires on the Cub would be sure to make short work of the rock-covered and unstable ground of the old strip.
I congratulated myself on the ease with which this make-work project of ours had finally come together. The rest of it would be a piece of cake.


When Mike and I landed in Mexico, we were on the last legs of an adventure that began in North Africa. What started out to be just another flying job turned into something else when it went south and made the news. Mike and I got nervous. When two guys on the same wavelength get to talking, we had to agree our days were numbered.
I extricated myself in time, but not before having to contribute a little baksheesh to the local economy. To say it didn’t benefit my health and well-being would be an understatement.
Thanks to Mike and a welcome escape from a North African jail, he loaded me into the back of a truck. What followed was a long, cross-country driving adventure across North Africa to Tangier. From there, it went into Spain. Along the way, we collected a few battle scars.
We carried those scars from Spain to Mexico City. We headed north from there into what was, for us, uncharted territory in northern Mexico. We figured on the anonymity and isolation to keep us out of the frying pan we’d somehow stepped into across the ocean.
So far, we were lucky that way. We were completely unaware we’d step into an entirely new frying pan on this side of the ocean.
That it didn't look to be non-stick didn’t figure until much later.


I finished walking the Los Muertos strip in time to hear faint engine sounds. It took me out of my thirst-induced reverie and I allowed my eyes to sweep the sky over open water. I cupped an ear. It had to be Mike and the Cub. Who else would risk a chance approach to this hellish bit of landscape? I waited, impatient for the sound to grow louder.
I shaded my eyes and squinted. Sure enough, Mike and the yellow Cub were on final. I checked my watch. He was about on the edge of his usable fuel. The wings waggled, and I knew he recognized me. Excited, I waved and danced a jig, picturing the gleeful grin that had to be on his face. Mike had just crossed 200 miles of open water in a wheeled aircraft. He’d be on the ground in minutes.
The engine coughed. It caught and then coughed again. Sputtered. Came back to life. He’d make shore. Barely. The smile would be gone, and he’d be sweating it to touch down on land. The engine sputtered and died and I figured thinking he’d make it had jinxed him.
The sound of silence followed the Cub on its downward glide towards the shoreline.
Mike’s only option was a dead-stick landing. The Cub disappeared from my vantage point at the base of the rise. Did Mike have the altitude to make it over the strip’s threshold? I ran to the crest in time to spot a single puff of dust turn into two as oversize tires grabbed for dirt, one after the other.
The Cub’s high wings fluttered as the wheels rolled and bumped over the uneven terrain of the unkempt strip. As though in a dream, the Cub coasted to a silent stop. I grabbed a fuel can and the handful of tools I’d need to troubleshoot and made for the Cub to greet Mike. Already he was out and making his way towards the shack.
—Running out of fuel in the air will get you fired from any reputable company.
We stopped and regarded each other. Mike was pale as a ghost and shaking. It wasn’t from booze. It was the reaction that took over when he realized the job could have had a different outcome had he not been within gliding distance of shore.
—That’s true, but we both know this outfit is being run by the seat of the owners' pants.
—So you’re calling our operation fly-by-night.
—Pretty much.
The sheen of perspiration running down Mike’s face and his sweat-soaked shirt told the tale. It had been a close call, and we knew it—he most of all. It must have got a lot hotter in the cockpit when the engine sputtered and quit.
—You made it just in time.
—She never skipped a beat coming across. I'm hoping it's fuel. If it isn't, I won't be happy about the next leg. There's still a lot of open water to make our next stop.
—How does she handle?
—She flies like a dream, even with those oversize tires grabbing at all that air. Once I got her pointed at the strip, she floated right in, dead engine and all.
—There's food and water in the shack.
It wouldn’t be what he’d be looking for after his experience with two hundred miles of open water and a dead engine on final.
—Did you pick up any Sol?
Mike was having a love affair with the Mexican beer since he arrived in-country. I was no stranger to it, either.
—You need to ask? I think I might have left you a couple or four in there somewhere. It'll be warm by now.
—Never stopped me before. You either.


Mike wasn’t the only one wondering why the engine had failed. Right off, I checked the carb drain. Nothing came out. I yelled back to Mike. With both of us satisfied, I got busy with tape and a paintbrush and painted a made-up N-number on the port side of the Cub. I left the Mexican registration on the starboard.
It was simple reasoning. If Mike was forced to land the Cub in civilization, we figured that would keep the local authorities confused long enough for him to make a getaway.
I looked at the plugs and checked the oil. I opened the carb drain again. Still nothing. That was a good sign. I added fuel and walked around to check the throttle setting. I pulled the prop through and the Cub fired right up. I got in and taxied to the shack.
—You were right. It was fuel. I noticed something else, too.
—What's that?
—It looks like you've got fabric peeling off the top surface on the starboard wing. Past the wing brace.
Neither of us were expecting anything like that. The fabric was perfect last I checked on the mainland.
—How the hell did that happen?
How indeed?
—The entrance point on the bottom is a perfect circle. Did you notice anything when you left El Dorado?
—The bottom has a hole too? That can only mean one thing. I saw a cloud of dust on the road to the strip. I was airborne by then. How bad is it?
—The shooter missed all the good parts but the fabric. I have what I need to make the repair. Good thing it wasn’t buckshot.
Buckshot would have ripped an enormous hole in the fabric and torn up the wing ribs. It could have hit the spar, too, causing the wing to fail. The Cub and Mike would have been a smoking pyre off the end of his departure strip.
—It's fifteen hundred miles of dust and dirt to get this fly-by-night operation up to the cabin in Colorado. I still have a sea of open water to cross. The last thing I need is a problem with the fabric.
—Don't worry, the repair will be good. Whoever took the shot missed the good parts. Besides, you're here to talk about it.
—I know you’re more than capable. I’m not sweating it. The gas we're using won't do a thing for the valves.
One of Mike’s concerns was using automobile gas in the Cub’s aircraft engine. Modern car gas was already low lead. It might not be as low as aircraft gas, but it was good enough for our purposes. We’d already talked it over, but with the dead-stick landing he was forced to do, he was running it through his head again. I can’t say as I blame him.
—We have to keep away from airports. Auto gas can be found anywhere, even by the side of the road if we need it.
The locals were happy to provide gas from 55-gallon drums to gringos who drove the trans-peninsula highway. It wasn't the best fuel for a piston airplane, but it would keep us away from airports and the questions that came with them.
—Did you paint the registration?
—Yes.
Mike was definitely on edge. He'd crossed two hundred miles of open water known as the Sea of Cortez. The Golfo de California, the Mexicans called it. He did it in an airplane outfitted with wheels. His engine had quit on approach. He’d just learned that his airplane had been shot up back on the mainland.
As far as I was concerned, he could be as edgy as he wanted.
—I know crossing that water was no picnic. If you want, I'll fly the next leg.
I wondered if I was being tested, but at this point, I didn't think so. We'd been friends too long and been through too much for that.
—No, I'm good. You've got your hands full with everything else.
I walked around to look at our cargo in the back. The butt of Mike's double-barreled sawed-off stuck out from a bag. It was something he'd picked up during our last African adventure, a souvenir thanks to a woman who had saved our grateful asses.
—Rough night last night, or the jitters?
Mike continued to nurse his Sol. He’d shown remarkable restraint so far. I wondered how long it would last.
—The jitters. I'm still on edge from being over that water for two hundred and change. I'm not accustomed to being beyond gliding distance without a set of floats beneath me. The kicker was hearing about that hole in the fabric.
—I'd be shaking like a leaf if it was me that jumped over all that water sporting wheels. Don't worry about the wing patch. I’ll tape it. It will hold one hundred percent—top and bottom.
—I need to unwind, is all.
—So you know, everything looks good, just like back on the mainland. The fluids are good. The fuel line is clear. That airplane is as good as gold. It's the wind that isn't. I wish it would be as reliable.
For good measure, I told him once more it was fuel starvation that caused the engine failure.
—I trust your judgment. As long as there's enough food, I'll be okay.
Were it me in his position, I’d trust Mike’s judgment, too.
—There's a week of canned goods and water in the shed. If it takes longer than that, I'll be back with supplies. In case I miss you, I'll spot fuel at Coronado on the beach.
—I'll go over the charts before I leave.
—How was your dead reckoning crossing the sea?
—I was off by a couple of miles. Maybe three.
That wasn’t so bad for two hundred miles across open water in a lowly Cub.
—Are you sure you don't want me to take this leg?
—I'm good for it.
Our next stop for fuel would be a hundred and eighty miles to the north.
—Since you're not offering me a beer, I'm heading back to the highway. I'll see you in Coronado on that stretch of beach south of town.
Mike nodded.
—Count on it.


On my way north, I stopped to fuel the beat-up old Jeep on the outskirts of La Paz. Across the road, a taquería, a taco stand, called my name. I went looking for fish tacos and Sol, found both, and settled in. Damn but the tacos were just what I needed. The breath of humidity on the bottle of Sol wasn't so bad either. I didn’t have time to waste, though. I grabbed a couple to go.
I had somewhere I needed to be in a hurry.
3
ALL RIGHT, SO I CHANGED MY MIND. How could an oasis surrounded by a shady grove of coco palms be all that bad? It couldn’t.
Except.
Mike warned me about the los Cocos. It was a good place for a relaxing meal and a cold beer. Next door was a place he called the crazy snail with cheap beer and girls. He never said if the girls were cheap. He never mentioned it might be trouble, either.
El Caracol Loco, according to the sign. So it was the crazy snail. Mike was right. He was probably right about the rest of it, too. I opened the burn phone and checked the time. I had enough to spare for one, at least. I would take a quick look around and be back on the road in a flash. When I met up with Mike, I'd file a report and we'd have a laugh.
It took a minute for my eyes to adjust to the cantina’s dark interior. I tried not to trip as I groped my way to the long bar. On the way, I rehearsed my gringo Spanish for what would probably turn out to be a lazy bartender. I wanted a cerveza, but I'd settle for anything.
I made it to the bar, and just as I thought, he ignored me. I got the feeling he didn't want to be disturbed. Obviously, he didn’t think the dust-covered, sweaty gabacho had money to spend.
I didn't notice the girls right away. The dirty, faded mirror behind the bar I was trying to use to watch my back wasn't reflecting much of anything in the dim light. I turned and headed for the baño and a quick wash, and there they were. In all their brightly colored glory. Sitting at a table against the wall.
The prettiest one looked to be about eighteen, but it was hard to know for sure in the dingy bar. Given my experience, I figured until they were around thirty they all looked to be eighteen. She had a low-cut top, just low enough to show off what she had.
It wasn’t so low that it made her look like she was bragging.
On my way past, I gave her the eye and smiled. She smiled back right away. In the baño I scrubbed down with a whore’s bath and slicked back my hair with water. A quick glance in the mirror convinced me I looked about good enough. I made my way back to the bar and the full beer I deserted and there she was, sitting beside it like she was its protector.
I chugged the beer, in a hurry to wash away two days of road dust and dirt and hot wind. I slammed the empty bottle down on the bar and waved for another. I wanted to be sure it was gone before I tempted fate. It didn’t help. I knew right off I was in trouble. The sooner I got the temptation done with, the faster I'd be able to get back on the road.
At least, that was my plan. It seemed more than reasonable. In fact, the more I thought about it, the more reasonable it became. I sat down and succumbed to temptation. How could I refuse? It was sitting beside me.
—Hola, señorita.
—Buenos días.
I checked my phone in the drab bar and snapped it shut. It was still early. I had plenty of time. The woman’s voice was soft and sweet. I could barely hear her. I leaned towards her and we touched shoulders. My head came up against soft hair and a wisp of perfume.
—Habla inglés? Speak English?
She tilted her head and replied in heavily accented Spanish.
—Poquito. A little.
—Bueno. Permit me to buy you a drink.
It was the least I could do for a woman who smelled so good.
—Si. Limonada, por favor.
No beginner, that bartender. He couldn’t ignore me any longer. He had the lemonade in front of her in an instant. I made a grab for the Sol he slid in my direction. Now that I was flirting with the local color, he must have thought I deserved better service. Either that, or he was working on a percentage basis now.
I went with the percentage.
—Gracias.
Her name was Medianoche. Midnight. I hoped it wouldn't be the harbinger of things to come. I had to get back on the road. We parlayed back and forth, neither making much sense to the other. I began to think Medianoche was a lost cause until her older sister showed up. Or maybe it was one of her compatriots in the bar.
Lupita’s command of English wasn't as bad as that of Medianoche. My Spanish only improved as I pounded back the Sol. On the uneven dance floor I stumbled my way through a couple of sweaty juke box numbers while clutching at each of the girls in turn.
I checked the time again. Past midnight. Mexico time worked better for me so I turned the phone off. The girls would keep me nice and safe as the hours passed. Or until my money ran out.
The only thing that remained for my newfound amigas was to get their hands on my wallet. Not to be outdone, I only wanted to get my hands on the two of them. In my drunken stupor, I thought it about evened us up.


It was hours later. I found myself wide awake beneath sweat-dampened sheets. I felt around the empty bed. The sheets were cold. I worked at an eye and got it open. The room was empty. The girls were history. I felt for my wallet. It was missing too. I reached down to the floor and felt my clothes. I looked over the edge for my socks. Double bonus—I had both, and they were on my feet. The stash of money I kept in them was there, to, wrapped in tinfoil.
I had no idea what I had been drinking. Whatever it was had knocked me down and out for the count. My head throbbed. I stood up, and the throbbing turned into pounding. I wasn’t completely blameless for my misfortune, no matter how much I told myself it was no fault of my own.
It was time to get back on the road. I picked up my pants and checked my pockets for the keys to the Jeep.
The music blared as though calling my name past the bar’s open door, but I wouldn’t be searching out last night’s compadres. There would be no adiós. Las hermanosas and their lazy bartender would have to enjoy my money without me. Surely it wouldn’t be a great difficulty.
My head pounded so hard my eyes hurt. The suspension on the Jeep was no help. My head wobbled like a hula-skirted dashboard dolly. Such were the hazards of drink—not to mention the hazards of sweet Medianoche. I knew how Mike felt when he had to get down on all fours to steady himself so he could throw up.
Not that I was unfamiliar with the maneuver.
By the time I passed the beach fifteen miles south of Coronado I was so hung over I missed the palapa across the dune. No way was I turning back to sleep beneath palm fronds. All I wanted was to climb into a bed and snore.
I backtracked to the Hotel Las Palmas on the malecón. It worked for me.


In the fresh light of morning and a sunbeam leaking through the open patio door, yesterday's hangover became all but forgotten. I felt like a dog snoozing in the sun. Around noon—or maybe it was afternoon—I roused myself without giving an old dog’s shake and made for the Jeep and the beach south of town. It was where Mike and I had agreed his next fuel stop would be. It’s where I was to set up camp and wait out Mike’s arrival. And then I remembered.
I didn’t have fuel for the Cub.
Okay, so maybe I wasn't over yesterday's drunken orgy. I herded the Jeep back to town one more time to fill the jerry cans. I stocked up on fresh food and beer and ice for the coolers in the mercado.
The tent would go up beneath the shade of the single palapa on the beach. I only cursed it out twice while getting it set up. I gathered driftwood to burn hot and bright in the fire pit. Glowing embers would soon rise into the night sky.
So far, in my estimation, the day had gone well. I had everything Mike and I would need at the campsite. I waited for the sun to finish dropping below the hills to the west. The cold Sol went down with it. In the dying light, I enjoyed what was left of the fire's lazy warmth. The rest of the world didn't exist in the darkness beyond.
Isolated and content in a world of my making, my only concern was for Mike and the Cub. Exhausted, I dozed off into a much-needed and relaxed sleep while thinking about the drawbacks to our plan.
There were a few.


The Cub wasn't known for its long-distance abilities. That was the flaw in our attempt to fly it north. We were stretching it to stay on the edge of civilization, and it was chancy. That became obvious when Mike ran out of fuel on final to the Los Muertos strip.
The biggest problem Mike would encounter on this leg would be the wind that flowed out of California’s Imperial Valley far to the north. It funneled south, trapped between the Baja peninsula and the mainland for a thousand miles along the length of the Golfo. It would last for days at a time. When it did, it was in the wrong direction to benefit Mike and the limited range of the Cub.
Mike would need a tailwind to help get him up the coast. That was known as a Coromuel. A Coromuel occurred whenever a Pacific wind blew in and dumped down the mountains west of La Paz. If Mike got lucky and hit the back side of La Paz at the right time of day, he'd ride the leading edge of it north over the islands and across to Coronado.
I settled in at the campsite, prepared for a long wait.
4
A VEHICLE GROANING IN LOW gear was attempting to work its way over the top of the dune concealing the palapa from the main road. The engine whined as it drew closer and then went dead when headlights crested the dune. The lights tracked me where I stood, blinding me. High-pitched voices cut through the night.
Female. Laughing and giggling. Drunk, by the sound of it.
Just in case, I sand-crabbed my way out of range of the headlights and beyond the fire. The engine started. The microbus advanced. Headlights aimed for the tent on the palapa. Whoever it was, they weren’t strangers to the beach. The lights went out and the engine died. Doors slammed.
Two gringas. How the hell would I get rid of two of them, drunk or sober? I stepped back into the blazing orange light of the fire.
—Hola. We saw the fire from the highway and thought we'd come down for a look. We were right. You took over our palapa.
Christ. They thought they owned the place. I grabbed a stick and poked at the fire. My .45 was in the tent. If this encounter headed south, I’d never reach it in time. I kicked myself in the ass for being complacent.
—Well, it's all mine now. How long are you planning on hanging around?
I figured I might as well get to it, obvious or not.
—A couple of days. We need to get home by the weekend.
Two days. That sounded about right if Mike got lucky with the wind. I'd have female company while I waited out Mike's arrival on the back of the Coromuel.
—What the hell. Unload and we'll share.
The one with the long, dark hair walked back to the van. Nervous, I followed her with my eyes as she almost disappeared, making a dark shadow in the night. I chased after her. I needed a look inside. The van’s interior turned out to be empty but for suitcases and clothes scattered on a foamy.
—What's your name?
—Sasha. That's Barbara by the fire.
—I'm Harry. When you get set up, come on over to the fire and I'll spot you a cold one for that warm trash in your cooler.
Sasha made another trip and brought back a chair. The other one had disappeared.
—Where did your friend get to?
—Barbara's in the van. She'll sleep there tonight.
Gringas. No sooner had they arrived, and they had it all figured out. Either I was the luckiest bastard in the world or come morning I'd be fresh meat hung up to dry in the back of that van. I never learned, but I kept right on trying.
—How long have you been down in this part of the world?
—About a month. We ran out of money so we're headed home.
—Money. I know all about running out of it, all right. What are you heading home to?
—Not much. We don't have jobs. No one is waiting for us to return.
So then, I had two good-looking chicas with no boyfriends. Hard to believe.
—I need another beer. You want one?
—Sure.
On the way I grabbed the full water bucket warming by the fire. I climbed onto the Jeep to reach the palapa's roof.
—What the hell are you doing? Is that where you keep your beer?
—I've got a home-made shower spotted up there. I'll be under it in a few minutes.
—No shit.
She jumped up and began tearing off her clothes.
—Turn it on, dammit.
—There's only enough water for one.
—Then we’ll share. I don't mind.
Sasha wasn't a shy one. The water cascaded down her long, dark hair and flowed over her breasts. To get a better look, I shifted her hair out of the way behind her neck.
—Are you done yet?
I didn't look up. My eyes were busy admiring her breasts. My hands joined them, cupping and lifting. Nipples grew hard, and I admired those, too. She sighed. I finally answered.
—No.
I hoped my answer didn’t come too late.
—Good.
The water ran out and I handed her a towel.
—We're out of beer, too.
—Good.
—You're not much of a talker, are you?
She allowed me to feast on her performance before handing over the wet towel.


The early morning sun warmed the tent enough to make it comfortable. I pulled the covers back to take a fresh look at last night's body in the light of a new day. It was the right thing to do.
I wasn't disappointed.
I stepped out of the tent to discover Barbara had the fire going full tilt. We smiled back and forth and I forgot all about her when I got busy frying bacon and cracking eggs.
—Have you got a towel?
She was in front of me, naked and dripping. She hadn’t bothered to cover a thing with arms and hands. Erect nipples stared at me. I stared back. She wasn't a shy one by any stretch, either. Jesus. One I could handle. Two and I had some doubts. She had great legs, though. Among other things.
She was a bottle blond. That was all right, too.
She wanted a towel. I handed her one. She didn’t bother turning around. Hell, I’d have checked out her ass, too, if she had.
—Did you forget your glasses?
—I don't wear glasses. I need to check on the eggs. I don't want to ruin anything.
She snickered and the long buzz of the tent’s zipper broke the ice and Sasha stepped out. She had tied her dark hair back. Her bangs framed the dark brown eyes of a true beauty. This was getting too good to be true.
—Something smells good. I had to come out and investigate.
I dug into a box and broke out plates and cutlery while the women broke the ice.
—How did you sleep?
The question wasn’t directed my way. I piled eggs and bacon on three plates and sat down to busy myself with a fork.
—Not so good. The mattress was a little lumpy in places.
I ignored my eggs and glanced up to catch the women trading looks before bursting out laughing.
—That must be an old joke between you.
—Kind of, but we don't mean anything by it. It's not a dig at you. If anything, it's a compliment.
I almost pinched myself. Maybe I should have. Instead, I announced breakfast.
—Sit down. Shut up. Eat, or I’ll toss it out. Anyone who wants toast will have to walk to town.
At the end, there was nothing left to throw out.


I convinced the women to climb into the Jeep and we headed for town to play at being touristas. I had a ton of questions that needed asking. I hoped they'd break the ice by asking their own. When that didn't happen, I decided against asking my own.
We spent an hour walking the sleepy streets and tired of it. We piled into the Jeep to head for the market. They finished shopping, and we walked back to the Jeep. Barbara lifted the tarp to load the grocery bags.
—Why do you have so much gas? There's plenty on the way north. Does this old crate burn that much?
—I thought I'd try to pick up a generator for the campsite.
That stopped the questions, but when Mike arrived, I knew he'd have his own about the company I was keeping. He would be very nervous. Hell, I would too if I found myself in his place.
—Does anyone want to rent a panga and take a cruise?
No way did I want to spend the day at the campsite making idle conversation. It occurred to me I might be too friendly for my own good.


We tracked down a pangero on the malecón and loaded up his panga with a cooler of Sol. He pointed us south towards Isla del Carmen. On the way, we caught sight of a huge cabin cruiser moored a long way offshore in the low tide.
—Now there's something I'd like to own one day.
—You'd need a crew.
—You're right. Are you available?
—When you get the boat, try calling.
I took that as a definite no. Out in the channel, the panga bounced in the chop. The wind strengthened. It appeared to be changing direction. I couldn’t wait any longer to question the captain.
—Is this the start of a Coromuel?
—It could well be, señor. For the past week, there has been a strong northerly. There is no doubt a change is due. The wind appears to be coming around.
—Capitán, it's time we headed back.
It was late afternoon when the pangero tied off on the malecón. The cooler was empty. The women had lapped up most of the Sol. I didn’t care. The prospect of a favorable wind had me on edge. I needed to get back to the beach to meet up with Mike.
If he was on his way, I'd be cutting it fine. If he was in a hurry, he'd fuel up, steal my Sol, and leave a note. He’d be well on his way north to the next stop. We agreed that there would be no waiting around. I'd be doing catch-up. Hell, I'd do the same to him.
There was one slight problem. The fuel was sitting in the back of the Jeep. He'd have to be satisfied with my Sol.
By the time I turned off the highway backtracking to the beach, the girls were singing at the top of their drunken lungs. The Jeep crested the rise and the top of the palapa came into view. I could finally unload my drunk passengers.
Suddenly, the singing halted.
5
MIKE LEANED AGAINST THE CUB, a lone sentry waiting to see what was up. He had to have recognized the Jeep and the tent beneath the palapa. I figured the shotgun was high on his mind right about now, given I had just showed up with two women in tow. The double-barreled sawed-off would be hanging beneath his jacket.
No doubt he had it cocked.
I gave him the sign everything was all right, and he answered with his own before walking up to meet me.
—When did you get here?
—About a half-hour ago. The tail-wind from La Paz turned into a roller-coaster of a ride.
—You're here now.
—And glad of it. What's with the company you're keeping? Is it accidental or on purpose?
—They pulled into the campsite last night. I think it was accidental. There are no tells so far.
—Good. In case you didn't notice, I'm a little nervous.
—I noticed all right. That's a good thing. Barbara is the blonde. Sasha is the dark-haired beauty.
—Let me guess.
—Why would you guess? You already know the answer. Old habits die hard.
We grinned back and forth.
—Chicas, I'd like to introduce you to Mike.
They grinned. Mike’s own wasn’t so friendly, but at least it was a smile.
—These two crashed into my campsite last night in a drunken stupor. I made the mistake of taking pity by inviting them to stay. As you can see, they're still here.
Mike kept a wary eye on the van. The suspense finally got to be too much for him.
—That's a nice-looking van for being so old.
—We bought it for this trip. It saves us a lot of money and time when we don't have to set up a tent.
—Mind if I look?
He didn’t wait for permission. Mike made his way to the van. Sasha followed him. He opened the doors, front and back, all while pretending interest.
—It looks to be in good shape for a '67.
—Barbara chose it. It was already set up for camping. Everything works, including the old tape deck. We like it because we don't have to pay for hotels.
Mike made his way back to the tent. I heard the clicks, and I knew he was emptying his shotty and stowing it in the tent. I talked at him through the walls.
—Are you happy now?
—Yes. I need to get something to eat. I haven't eaten since I stopped to fuel up out in the boonies.
—What? Say that again.
—I landed on a playa across from the old salt flats. I didn't want to chance another dead-stick landing, so I borrowed some fuel.
—Don't worry. You won't be fired any time soon. How are the tires working out?
—They're the cat's ass. Those oversize tires just float over the sand.
—We got lucky, didn't we?
—That we did. Now let's stop talking shop and start paying attention to your company.
—They're our company now.


We devoured supper like it was the last meal we would see. The dregs of the Sol came in handy to wash it down. When we couldn't eat any more, Sasha cranked up the tunes, and we danced around the fire like there would be no tomorrow.
—How did the two of you end up down here with an airplane and a Jeep?
Here we go. Still, it surprised me that the questions hadn't started sooner. Truth or lie? Half-and-half worked for me, but I always had a hard time remembering which half I lied about.
—Mike and I were in North Africa working for an exploration company.
That was the truth.
—When the job ended, we got out on an R&R. We were sitting around in Spain with nothing to do but get into trouble. First thing we knew we’d jumped aboard an airplane for Mexico City and here we are. Now that we're almost broke, we're headed home. It's time to go back to work.
That was putting it mildly. The sooner Mike and I could get out of this place, the better. Added bonus, no one asked how the plane fit into the equation. I turned to Sasha and asked what I knew Mike wanted to find out.
—What's the deal with you and Barbara?
—It sounds like we're in the same boat as the two of you—minus the trip overseas. We got fed up with our dead-end jobs in the city. We quit and here we are, broke and homeward-bound.


I caught Mike looking back and forth at the Cub. He’d been doing it for most of the evening. I managed a kick at a foot, but it didn’t dissuade him. Now in the pitch black surrounding our campsite, his unease was getting on my nerves.
—I'm not comfortable with that airplane sticking out on the beach.
He was making sense and I couldn’t disagree, but the night was as black as the inside of a box.
—If someone floats by and sees it, we'll be caught out in the open. That's not where I want to be.
What were the chances? Slim to none, I’d say.
—I'll be back in a couple of minutes.
Mike stood up and retrieved his sawed-off. I lost sight of him in the dark. I went for my .45 and met him at the plane.
—You've been worried about this all night.
—I don't like leaving this thing in plain sight loaded up the way it is. 
—You're right. We should get the hell out at first light.
—I'm good to go. The sooner, the better. What about the girls? Are we going to slink out of here like the dogs we are after sending them off to town in the van?
Mike thought the way I did.
—I've been wondering about that. I've got a good feeling about Sasha. She seems cool with whatever the hell it is she thinks we're doing. I'm not so sure about Barbara. She hasn't even blinked an eye looking towards the plane.
—We could take them along for the ride. That van might come in handy. The two of them would be good cover for two gabacho tourists like us.
—I think so, too. Let's play it by ear and see what they want to do.
—I'll fuel up first thing in the morning. One thing for sure, eventually one of them will notice that the Cub is stuffed with sea bags.
I sniffed at the damp air. With the onshore breeze, the distinct odor was noticeable.
—I know. Sasha asked me earlier about the two registrations. I told her we didn't have time to paint over both. She gave me an I'm not that stupid look. For about a second I felt bad for lying, but what the hell was I going to say?
—We'll work it out in the morning.
Sasha and Barbara, head-to-head and deep in conversation by the fire, clammed up as we approached.
—Mike will pull out of here tomorrow morning and head to El Coyote for a day or two. Are you interested in coming with us?
—We were just talking about that. We're out of money and we have to get back home, the sooner the better.
—Mike and I can help with gas for the van.
—You only want us for the CD-player.
Maybe. But why would the two of them want us tagging along? The Jeep had no music player.


I scrambled out of the tent with Mike's shotty in hand. I reached back in and made a grab for Sasha. I dragged her out of the tent and made for the van. I called out to Mike.
—I've got Sasha. Is Barbara with you?
—No. Who's doing the yelling?
—I don't know.
I handed off the shotty to Mike.
—Have you got yours?
—You bet. Sasha, stay here. If Barbara shows, keep her here. Understood?
I didn’t wait for an answer.
—Get in the van and stay down.
In the shadowy darkness, a white-hulled panga was beached beside the Cub. It showed up distinct against the rolling surf that had picked up with the wind. Two shadows crouched under a wing. A third lay on the ground at their feet. It was too dark to tell what was going on.
—It sounds like they're arguing. Can you hear what they're saying?
—Shit. That's Barbara. And no, I can't make out anything. They’re speaking Spanish.
—It's go time. We can sort the bullshit out after the dance. Are you good?
—You bet.
—Head to the right. I'll go left. When you think the time is right, see if you can put a hole in that panga. If they head my way, I'll try to hold them to the shore.
The shotgun blast scattered the men. The body on the ground rolled beneath the plane. Mike let another one go at the feet of one and he headed for the hills. I recognized the sound as the shotgun snapped open, ejecting empty shells. It clicked shut with a determined snap. The sound made me very happy. Mike had reloaded.
The fat one made for the panga. No doubt he’d have a tough go pushing the beached panga out by himself. I sent one towards the fat one, el gordo, trying to climb aboard and he slouched forward over the bow.
Mike caught up to the second man behind a dune. He dragged him back to the panga and pushed him over the side. He landed with a hard thud.
Hiding places

—Were you able to get the goods into the van without those two losers noticing anything?
—Yes. The confusion on the beach in the dark made it easy. I got into the compartment when they were out in the panga.
—Do you think the couriers got hurt in the process?
—Bad luck for us if they did.
—We'll hear about it, that's for sure. Sooner rather than later.
6
MIKE AND I STRUGGLED to push the flat-bottomed panga off the beach. The weight of the added bodies wasn’t doing anything to help. Feet sunk into sand as we rocked and heaved the heavy, awkward boat. Inch by inch it scraped off the shallow, sandy beach. It hung up again and again as we manhandled it towards a tide pool where it floated free.
Mike climbed aboard and fired up the engine. He nodded, satisfied, as the engine settled into an easy lope. He handed off the shotty, and I made for shore and the Cub. It was slow slogging through the water-logged sand.
Ashore, Barbara remained crouched beneath the plane. She shook like a leaf, sobbing, barely keeping it together. She lay on her side with her knees up and her arms surrounding them. She looked up at me, pale, questioning, not sure if she should say anything.
—Are you all right?
I pulled her up and steadied her. I gripped her arm and squeezed, hard, remembering that this was her fault.
—What the hell was that about?
Her response came too quick for my liking.
—I went for a walk behind a dune. I wanted to go to the bathroom. Those two jumped me.
—What did they want?
—I don’t know. It sounded like they were asking about two people and drugs or two people who got away with some drugs.
Shit. Now we were stepping in it. Or were we? It occurred that these two could be doing the same thing Mike and I were up to. Was it too soon to think it was about Mike and the plane? He only just arrived.
I got Barbara to the palapa. Sasha was waiting, pacing back and forth beside the dead fire. She looked about ready to kick sand or spit nails any second. I didn’t know which.
—I broke down the campsite and stowed everything. Are we going to ditch camp right away?
She’d had the foresight to prep for a getaway. She even had the tent down. The woman had a clue, at least.
—We can't. The plane needs fuel.
—Where the hell did you get that thing? And what's with the two registrations? Can't you decide which way you're going?
—Not now, okay? Maybe you should keep Barbara company. She had a scare from those bandidos.
The woman ignored me and instead began looking around. That couldn't be good since my partner was missing. I wouldn't be capable of distracting two of them at the same time.
—Where's Mike? Is he all right?
—He took the panga out into the bay. Once he kisses our company goodbye, he’ll be back. We'll sit down for a few minutes before we break camp.
Sasha scowled like she wanted to stick a foot between my legs, and not in a good way. I was in deep shit, but it couldn't be helped. I sat down with Barbara beside the dead fire. She continued to tremble. How much of it was fear and how much cool night air?
—You did good out there. When the lead started to fly, diving under the plane kept you from getting hurt.
We sure as hell weren’t about to shoot up our reason for being here.
—Who the hell are you guys? What the hell are you doing? And where's Mike? Is he hurt?
The blame was already being cast. Mike and I were prime suspects according to these two.
—No. He’s fine. He's in the panga.
—With those two? By himself? Will he be all right?
Barbara’s care and concern appeared genuine. I didn’t think it was the time to mention that the men were dead.
—He'll be fine. In fact, he should be back any time. We'll break camp and get out of here.
—We can't leave Mike.
I looked at Sasha, but I knew right off she wouldn’t be any help. She was giving me the look again. For good measure, she was shaking her head in disgust.
—We're not leaving Mike anywhere. By the time he gets back, I'll have our camp packed up. Sasha has you ready to go. If you want to leave now, go.
Barbara and Sasha made for the beach, heads bent, whispering. I tried listening, but failing that, I figured they'd come up for air announcing they'd be getting out as fast as they came in. I didn’t doubt I’d be left behind in a spray of beach sand from the van's spinning tires as it raced for the highway.
When the women returned, something had been settled between them. They headed straight for me. For a split second, I thought about running the other way.
—We'll wait for Mike. Then we're all leaving at the same time. Is Mike going to fly that thing out of here?
—Yes he is. I'll be meeting Mike and the plane down the road. Are you sure you want to tag along after what happened?
Sasha was the one to let me know their decision.
—Judging by how you and Mike handle yourselves, there's safety in numbers. We decided we want to stay with you. Is that going to be a problem?
—It's fine with me, but Mike might have other ideas when he gets back.
—Other ideas about what?
Other ideas about you two tagging along with us, but I didn't say it. Mike and I needed to talk it over before deciding.
—We need to fuel up.
Sasha helped carry the jerry cans to the plane. I showed her how to set and hold the funnel. I lifted the jerry cans one at a time and filled the Cub’s tank. When I finished, she carted the empty containers to the Jeep.


Mike sloshed his way through the tide ponds on foot and made his way to the beach. Barbara ran to meet him. She screamed and threw her arms around him like he was long-lost family. Hell, they only met a few short hours ago. It looked like she was already making plans to settle down and move in. He was a likable guy, but the performance was a tad over the top. I avoided watching more of her sideshow, but I listened in just the same.
—You're soaking wet. Did you fall out of the panga?
Mike peeled Barbara's arms from his neck. He took her hand and looked my way. Call me cynical, but I had a hard time believing in the performance. Call me Mr. Negative, too, but love at first sight wasn’t a strong point at this stage of my life. Mike’s either, if I knew him.
—Sort of. It's all good now. The panga is headed for open water and dos cabrones are on top of things. We need to get out of here right now.
Mike and I were in deep shit, and not only with Sasha and Barbara. The policías would take a dim view of two men floating in the Sea of Cortez aboard an abandoned panga. If the bodies could be linked to us, we'd be growing old in a Mexican prison—if we lived that long. I waited until I had him alone before asking.
—How did it go?
—Not so good. I think they finally caught up to us.
—Well, we knew it was a possibility when we discovered the Cub's wing fabric took a hit after leaving El Dorado.
Mike's frown deepened.
—There's a boat sitting out in the bay.
—A boat?
—A cabin cruiser. A big one.
I’d noticed it yesterday and gave it a pass. Maybe I had guessed wrong.
—It could belong to anyone. No one could have figured on us heading out over two hundred miles of open water with an airplane on wheels.
I felt the same way, but what was the point of taking chances at this stage?
—Maybe so, but we don't need to be wasting more time on the beach. What about the women?
The women. It always seemed to come to that for us, no matter where we were in the world.
—They want to come with us. What do you think?
—I wouldn’t blame them if they want out, especially after last night. You've spent more time with them. What do you think?
I might have spent more time, but I measured it in hours, not days or weeks.
—I say trust but verify. That forced display of affection on the beach got my alarm bells ringing a little too loud for my liking.
Mike nodded.
—Yeah. I wondered if you caught that vibe. I feel the same way. What do you want to do?
—They're asking a lot of questions. Yesterday, Barbara was wondering about the gas in the back of the Jeep. Sasha threw a skeptical eye at the dual registrations on the Cub.
I hesitated.
—The questions will come hard and fast after what happened. Who knows what the reaction will be when they find out our two friends are dead in a panga aimed at the mainland?
—You need to clue them in after we pull out of here.
—Me? Why me?
Mike’s grin almost went to his ears. He looked over at Sasha.
—I'll say one thing. I'm glad it's you that has to deal with that one. Judging by the pacing she's doing, she looks to be one pissed off woman right about now.
Mike was happy to be getting out alive on an airplane. I would be too.
—Thanks for letting me have both of them all to myself. She's been kicking sand in my direction all morning. I've been trying to avoid her, but it's tough when we're all under the same palapa. I'll fill them in when we get down the road. After that, it'll be do or die.
—They need to decide if they want to stay on or not. If it was us and the situation was reversed, we'd want to know where we stood.
There was something still bothering me.
—Should we be asking some questions of our own? It sounded like Barbara was arguing with those men last night. I wish to hell I knew Spanish. What if they're not after us? What if they're chasing after the two of them? Why would they be after them at all?
—They've been down here for about as long as we've been on the mainland. Maybe they have their own problems, just like us.
I considered.
—Maybe, but I hope not. Let's get the hell out of here. Sasha helped fuel the Cub. It's ready to go. Do you want a hand firing it up?
—No. You get everyone going and I'll see you down the road.
Mike reached into the cockpit and set the switches. He hand-bombed the prop, climbed into the open door, and advanced the throttle to taxi the Cub to the water line and the smooth sand beneath. We all watched as he jockeyed into position to aim the nose down the beach. He waved and closed the door.
He held the brakes and firewalled the throttle. The back end came off the sand. The Cub was airborne in a hundred feet. He waggled the wings before disappearing, low and slow, over the horizon.
—Why did he do that?
—The wing waggle? It's our way of saying hello-goodbye. Everything is okay. Don’t worry, be happy.
I grinned. She returned it with raised eyebrows and a skeptical look.
—Oh really.
That was the end of that discussion. I had a feeling what was coming on our road trip north might be a lot worse.
7
THERE WASN’T A LOT of conversation going on. We finished breaking what was left of camp. We loaded vehicles. Door slammed. With Mike long gone, I was on the receiving end of sullen looks and side-eye glances coming from the women. I took my cue from them and kept my mouth shut until we had everything loaded. I couldn’t figure what the big deal was. Everyone was safe, no thanks to Barbara and her dos cabrones.
It was time to circle the wagons.
—Okay, chicas, we need to get out of here right now. We can’t afford more company. We don’t know why it showed in the first place.
Disgusted, Sasha stuffed her hands into her pockets. She stopped kicking sand long enough to look hard at me.
—The plan for the day—
Sasha interrupted my speech.
—I’d say there hasn't been much of a plan up to now. What's the sudden hurry?
—Cut me some slack, woman.
—It's true, and you know it. Get your ass over here, gringo. We're going to go over a few things if you want us along for the good times.
—All right, but shake a leg or it'll be bread and water and hard times in a Mexican jail for some of us. For the good-looking ones, not so much.
My humor fell flat.
—Barbara, Mr. Plan-for-the-day here is going to ride with you and fill you in on what's going on. I already have a good idea. When he's done with you, he's going to sit his ass down in the Jeep and explain why we should keep him company past this morning. Are you okay with that?
—I don't know about you, sister, but I'm ready just in case some of us don't have an airplane to hide under.
Barbara cradled Mike's sawed-off.
—Dammit, woman, don't be flashing that shotty. Down here you'll end up in jail. You’ll lose more weight than you want to on a bread and water diet.
—Somebody has to cover the good guys. Come on, get your ass in gear.
I looked over at Sasha. She was doing a good job of ignoring me, and I wondered if that was what it felt like to be married. It seemed like that was all she could do now that the two of them had agreed to team up with us. She climbed into the Jeep.
—Get on the bus, gringo. It's time.
Not quite.
—There's been a change of plan, chica. We're heading into town to pick up fuel. We'll catch up with Barbara and your bus later.
All things considered, Sasha took it well. If the woman was pretending, she was doing a good job.


Sasha wasted no time getting behind the Jeep’s wheel. She gripped it so hard her knuckles turned white. I was thinking she was about ready to head off without me.
—If you do, you won’t be able to grill me in the hot seat.
—Yeah. No. You’re good. What's the deal with the airplane?
—At least give me a chance to get in and sit down.
She turned off the dirt road onto the highway and put the Jeep’s pedal to the rickety floor. If she pushed at it any harder, her foot would punch through to the asphalt.
—All right. You’re in. You're sitting down. Talk or walk.
Where had I heard that before? The woman didn’t waste any time.
—We picked it up on the mainland across the Golfo from the Los Muertos cape. It didn't look like anyone was using it, so here we are.
—What about the two registrations?
—We figured it would confuse people long enough that we could get away if the policía or the federales caught on to us. I still think that's true.
I knew what the next question would be.
—What's in the back?
Shit. She knew. She must have smelled it.
—Well—
—No bullshitting. What's in the back?
—Dope.
—That's what I thought, the way you two were fussing over that thing. The smell wasn’t easy to miss, though. Overwhelming, I’d call it.
So she knew what a lot of grass smelled like. Chalk one up for something else going on here. I stopped talking. She didn’t say another word. I wondered if she thought she’d said too much. There was no way Mike and I could back out of taking them along for the ride now. They knew too much.
The Jeep’s engine was sounding like it was on its last legs. Sasha’s foot didn’t let up. It was still glued to the floor.


We covered the short distance to Coronado in record time. Sasha turned off Mexico 1 into town. The plan was to gas and go, and we were successful. Then we spotted the yacht anchored outside the harbor. It was a huge, white beauty perfectly set off by the deep blue of the sea. It said money. Lots of it.
—Look at that. Where the hell did that huge-ass boat come from? It has to be the cabin-cruiser Mike saw offshore last night.
—Isn't it the same one we saw yesterday out in the bay?
I took a better look. It was.
—Now what?
An inflatable loaded with people came around from the seaward side of the yacht. It wasted no time making for shore. A huge wake trailed after it. I wanted a better look at what I suspected was coming our way.
—That dinghy makes me more than a little nervous. Take a right and park us at Las Palmas on the malecón. We won't stand out like sore thumbs there. If they man up with vehicles, there's only one place they'll be going.
—Where is that?
—The airport south of town. It should buy us time.
We made the Las Palmas in time to hear the engine die on the inflatable. It bumped into the marina dock. Two men climbed out. Two more lifted a heavy sea bag onto the dock and began handing out weapons.
—Are you seeing what I’m seeing?
The men weren’t being shy about it.
—They look like rifles.
—Automatics. They're well-armed. Experienced, too. I can tell by how they handle them.
The men separated into a pair of waiting SUVs and set out towards the airport. There was no doubt. They were after someone. Or something. That something had to be our plane.
—All right. I can now safely say we're all in deep shit.
Sasha regarded me across the Jeep.
—So you think they're looking for us?
That was a loaded question. Last night, left me wondering if perhaps the gringas had something to hide, too. I wished I knew what Barbara and her two compadres had been yelling about.
—They're looking for someone. I'm thinking it's the two gringos with the plane—unless you have something you want to tell me.
She ignored me. This one proved good at doing that.
—Let's catch up to Barbara. She needs to know what's going on.
I needed to know what was going on too, but I knew I was last on the list.


Sasha might not have any secrets she wanted to confess, but I was wondering if this was part of a huge screw-up. No one knew where Mike and I were headed from the mainland. Setting out over two hundred miles of open water in a Cub on wheels was foolhardy.
No one sane would chance that. Except, we did.
The encounter with the women on the beach had to be coincidence. No one outside of Mike knew about our rendezvous points as we headed up the Baja. Even if the women went through our bags, there was nothing to give up our route. All we had was a road map, and I took great care not to leave a mark on it.
I suspected that the cabin cruiser's arrival coincided with the arrival of Sasha and Barbara. That was when the shit started to pass through the fan. So far, it was covering all of us with the same odor. Did the people on the cruiser think we were involved in what Sasha and Barbara were trying to do?
There was no way the fan could have been aimed at Mike and me at the outset. It had to be the women.
What was it that the two of them were up to?


We caught sight of Barbara and the van holed up in a dry riverbed. Sasha pulled in behind her and I left the Jeep behind. By the time I slammed the door on the van, Sasha was already disappearing in a cloud of riverbed dust and sand, headed north on the highway. The haste was one more thing to convince me Mike and I weren’t the only ones on the run.
The women had to be, too.
—I let your friend in on most of it. Now it's your turn to listen.
Barbara switched off the ignition.
—It's about time.
The van sputtered and died. She turned to face me.
—With the flying experience Mike and I have, we figured we could do a job by borrowing an airplane on the mainland and then ferry it across the Sea of Cortez. Once we got onto the Baja, it would be a straight shot north. We hoped what we were doing would pay us some petty cash to invest in a business back home.
—Do you know who the men were in the panga?
Good question, but I figured I was the one who should be asking. For the time being, I ignored it.
—We picked up the airplane on the mainland. I suppose last night could have something to do with the former owners. The Cub is the perfect size for the low-level flying and canyon-hopping we need to do to get across the border. Maybe someone had the same idea. We tried to keep a low profile, but you never know.
—What's filling up the back seat?
Barbara was going to force me to spell it out, too. Christ, these two were almost twins.
—It's a load of pot we're moving north. You must have smelled it last night.
She ignored that.
—So then, what you're telling me is that Sasha and I are traveling with a couple of amateur drug smugglers, learning as they go.
—Pretty much. But we've got the airplane thing down pat. It's our area of expertise.
—Do you two need help or what?
I didn’t have time to respond. She cranked the engine and steered us back onto the highway.
—We’ll take a break when I catch up to Sasha. It'll be her turn to ream your sad ass.
—Already done. There's a cantina coming up. We'll pull in there.
8
WE TURNED OFF Mexico 1’s blacktop into the cantina’s rough gravel parking lot. A dusty cloud kicked up by our two-vehicle convoy followed us until the light breeze chased it away. The breeze wasn’t enough to cool the growing heat of day.
Sasha jumped out of the Jeep and hurried to greet Barbara. I joined them and they exchanged a glance before ignoring me. I might as well be in Coronado, but the silent treatment wouldn’t last long before the questions started.
They never stopped with the questions.
—Did he tell you anything we didn't already have figured out?
My ears perked up.
—Not really. But damn, these two gringos have cojones.
—Should we show him?
I was still within listening distance, but they didn’t seem to care.
—Show me what? I've already seen you both naked.
Me and my mouth. The humor fell flat. It earned me a scorching look from Sasha.
—Oh, really?
It was Barbara's turn to be on the receiving end of Sasha's scornful look. My foot went a little deeper.
—Yeah. No. Not like that. She was taking a swim, and I managed a peek at her assets, is all.
I caught myself blushing like a guilty teenager. Why was I still able to talk with the damned foot hanging out of my mouth?
—If you say so. Open the back of the van, Barbara.
She looked skeptical.
—Are you sure?
—I'm sure. Open it.
It was my turn to ask a question.
—What's going on?
Barbara made a beeline for the cantina and I wondered why she was in such a hurry.
—You. Gringo. Get over here.
I sensed yesterday’s camp-site picnic under the palapa was over. My instinct was to make light of it along the lines of You’re not the boss of me. Instead, I followed Sasha as she walked to the rear of the van.
She raised the door and shifted the foam mattress. It revealed an opening to a hidden compartment.
—Take a look.
I lifted a panel and peered in.
—Holy shit. You're packing a load of dope. What is it?
I knew, but I asked anyway. Idle conversation was worth a try, at least.
—It's coke. Our only problem is we're out of cash, but now you've solved that for us.
This wasn’t looking so good. The too-huge muzzle of Mike's sawed-off pointed at my knees. When did Barbara hand that off? My hand moved out of sight until it fingered the grip on the .45 tucked into the small of my back. Sasha didn't appear to notice.
—You’re robbing me? The dope is on the airplane, remember?
Sasha stared into my eyes for what seemed like an eternity before opening the shotty with a satisfying click. She cradled it in the crook of her arm. I tucked the .45 back into my belt.
—We think you've got a brilliant method. It's the plan that's not so smart.
—To be honest, Mike and I know that. But this is our shakedown cruise. With all the exploring we're doing, next year will be a cakewalk.
—It will, if dos cabrones in the panga don't come back to haunt you for the rest of this trip. And judging by what we saw at the malecón in Coronado, they're already back with fresh faces armed to the teeth.
I left out the part about the cabróns never coming back and wondered how she could recognize the fresh faces.
—I never told Barbara about the men coming ashore. It's time.
—Tell me what?
Barbara was back with ice.
—There are men on our tail. What I don't know is whether they're after me or both of you.
The women exchanged looks before turning them on me.
—Did you show him?
—Yes.
—And?
—He's on board. Let's get this dog and pony show on the road. Harry, get in the Jeep. We need to catch up to Mike.
—Do I get a say in any of this?


Apparently I didn't.
Sasha slammed the Jeep into gear, popped the clutch, and screeched onto the highway in a cloud of dust and dirt. She pretended to ignore me, but she couldn’t pretend to be so interested in the road to keep it up for long.
—What?
—You know what.
—I had no intention of pulling the trigger. I wanted you to see how vulnerable you are.
—Vulnerable?
I pulled the .45 from the small of my back and set it between the seats.
—I wondered about the hand I couldn't see. You've always got yourself covered. That's one thing I like. Better yet, you've got your partner covered when he's on the ground. I like the way you two operate, even if you are amateurs.
Yeah, maybe, but I didn’t believe her for a minute. At least, not yet. Would I ever?
—How many trips have you made down here to buy up product and run it north?
I expected to find out this was her first, too.
—This is our fifth.
—Your fifth?
No way did I believe her, but I let her go on.
—The first was eighteen months ago. We were like you—feeling our way around. Trying to learn the players. Getting a feel for things. Small buys helped us get established. We got screwed over a time or two. We were too eager to make big money.
Learn the players? Get a feel for things? Damn, but Mike and I were flying—literally—by the seat of our pants. We had no plan. We only wanted to get the hell out of Mexico before anyone caught up to us now that the chase was on. No way was I about to tell her how Mike and I crossed paths with our dope.
—How much searching did you have to do to find a reliable supplier?
—We were small-timers until Barbara hooked up with somebody connected. She played him and then let him screw his brains out. She made him feel good. He expressed his gratitude with product, and now he's a regular.
—So you both screwed your way to where you are.
—No, Barbara did that. I played the heavy as best I could. Women get little respect down here—especially gringa women. I dug in my heels and made sure Barbara didn't get screwed over for real. When she fell for the guy, I kept her head above water.
—So then, given Barbara's grand sacrifice to the cause, you would be the martyr under the palapa.
—I knew I was being obvious that first night, but I figured you wouldn't notice. You were by yourself, so I thought in typical male fashion you'd just grin and lie back.
So it was a setup from the start—although one they hadn't planned on. That was good to hear, but I still needed convincing.
—You were right. I did both, didn't I?
—When my problem became the same one Barbara had, she didn't step up to extricate me from the situation and here we are.
I ignored that. Whether she was telling the truth would work out eventually. I changed the subject.
—From what I can tell, there's plenty of product down here looking for a way north.
—The only problem is getting it past the border. Find a way around that and you'll be home-free.
—I wish. Now tell me again the meet-up on the beach was by accident and I'll mostly go along with you about the rest of it.
—It’s our cover. Barbara and I try to overnight in those kinds of places on our way north. That's why we bought the camper van. It keeps us away from towns and hotels and people when we're headed north with a load of product. That stretch of beach is a regular for us. We saw the fire glowing and figured it wouldn't cost anything to check. We were short on cash, too.
—Yeah, and looking for a patsy to pick his pockets.
That I was alone had to figure into it, too.
—We thought we could spend two or three nights and maybe borrow a little cash when you weren't paying attention. In case you didn't notice, we're broke.
—I'm always trying to pay attention.
—Yes, you are. Then we took a liking to you. If you weren't the man you are, we'd have been long gone with your cash in our pockets.
—Someone tried something similar. Not so long ago, in fact. Does all this mean you and Barbara are going to stick it out?
—I don't know.
—Don't take too long to decide. We'll be in El Coyote soon. We won't have a lot of time there. If Mike hasn't had any mechanical problems with the airplane, it will be a quick turnaround. It won't be anything like the picnic in Coronado. It'll be gas, go, and gone.
—Do you know where your next stop will be?
—No.
That was an understatement. Neither Mike nor I had any idea what the hell we would do past El Coyote.
We hadn’t planned that far ahead.
9
FOR MOST OF THE MORNING the wind couldn’t decide whether to turn nasty or disappear. We drove through valleys where small dust devils floated listlessly across the road. In the hills it strengthened, buffeting our vehicles. The open Jeep offered no protection, with only the front window to keep the wind out of our faces. It did nothing for the blowing sand.
In the rearview, low black clouds darkened the landscape already traveled. Eventually, the clouds overtook us. The horizon in front changed from blue to gray. The wind accompanying the storm caught up. I chased after Barbara in the van, waiting for a straight stretch to pass. She battled the wind, struggling to keep the boxy van on the road.
The wind grew stronger, turning into its own version of a nightmare. On a straight stretch, I floored the accelerator on the old Jeep. It wheezed and caught up to the madly swerving van. Barbara over-steered. The van drifted towards us. I swerved with her and slipped past.
I glanced in the mirror and witnessed the near miss. Shaking hands tightened my grip on the wheel and I tried to keep calm. I slowed and waited for a place we could pull off the road. South of El Coyote near Bahía Concepción, I found a spot and Barbara followed us into it. The sky overhead went from light to dark gray as the cloud base caught up and passed us.
A relieved Barbara shook the cramps out of her hands and flexed her fingers. She turned to face the wind. Her sweat-soaked shirt billowed and dried. Her enthusiasm to get on the road in the morning hadn't lasted. She didn’t sound happy any more.
—That wind is going to force me into the ditch. Can we change out for a while?
The wind was working against her. The bulky van was taxing her abilities. I sympathized. The old Jeep was only marginally more comfortable with its antiquated suspension and loose steering. That it was open was lost on her. To make my point, I took off my shirt and shook it. A cloud of dust disappeared with the wind.
—Barbara, when you were getting ice in the cantina did anyone say anything about a storm?
She considered for a moment.
—I thought I heard someone mention a hurricane. I wasn't paying attention since we were going north.
—A hurricane? Damn it, Barbara. We have to catch up to Mike.
Mike and the Cub would last about a minute in a hurricane.
—We have to get the airplane fueled. If he gets get caught out in the middle of the storm he'll end up blown out of the sky.
—I'm sorry. I didn't think.
—Don't worry. Just get going.
Barbara took off and was lost in a windy cloud of swirling dust. A Jeep raced around the bend and halted abruptly in its own dust cloud. I recognized it as one from the breakwater in Coronado. Dark tinted windows concealed the interior. The doors opened and AKs sprouted from between the front seats.
We’d be okay if they weren’t paying attention. It would be a bonus if they didn't recognize Barbara in the van as she pulled onto the highway. Sasha’s frightened, high-pitched voice resonated.
—Harry. Look.
—Yeah. I see them. Let Barbara get away. Then we'll take them.
I sounded more optimistic than I should have. The goons concentrated on what they thought they knew. They were out of the Jeep as Barbara turned onto the highway. The dust cleared and eyes turned into saucers when they got a look at Sasha sporting Mike's shotty, close-up.
Damn but the woman had cojones of her own.
She motioned up and down with the twin muzzles. Two sets of hands reached for high ground and I pulled my .45.
—Collect the guns while I figure out what we’re going to do. Don't put yourself between me and them. Approach them off to the side so they have to turn to keep you in sight.
Sasha steadied the shotty. She kept it aimed where the twin barrels would do the most good.
—Throw out the guns. Slowly.
The AKs came out from between the seats and ended up on the ground.
—Pistolas, por favor.
Sasha wasn’t taking any chances.
—Nada, gringa puta.
She smiled and nodded.
—Si. Gracias.
The shotgun's twin muzzles moved from side to side in a narrow arc. It stayed aimed where it would do the most damage.
—Pistolas. Now! Ahora!
Sasha dropped the muzzle. A single barrel exploded. The muzzle jerked in her hands and an explosion of sound, sand and rock erupted at the feet of the cabrones. They couldn't jump back fast enough. Shocked expressions appeared on two sweat-covered faces. Feet stumbled as the shiny new Jeep halted the rapid retreat. A pair of automatics dropped to the ground.
Sasha smiled. The shotgun only nodded its approval.


I wasn’t happy. Well, okay, I was happy we were in a good place, thanks to Sasha. I wasn’t happy that I had two more to be concerned about. Where were they coming from? And who were they coming for? The women? All of us? There was more to this chase than I could figure. I had to trust Sasha. I had no other choice.
—There's rope in back of our vehicle. I'll keep these assholes busy. Don't walk in front of me.
—You said that already.
Sasha gave me side-eye before moving off to our Jeep. She kept her eyes on our travel companions. The shotty's double barrels barely shifted an inch from the targets. Even with the single, she could do a lot of damage and the men knew it.
—What are we going to do with them once they're tied up?
—On the other side of the highway there's a washed-out trail that leads up the side of that hill. It'll be a good place to keep two men alive who wanted to see us dead.
How many more were on a fast track in our direction?
—I'll hog-tie them and then I want you to follow in our Jeep. It looks to be a rough go, but it'll work. When we get on the back side, we'll get rid of these cabrones, set fire to ours and take theirs. It's in better shape. Got it?
Sasha nodded.
—Follow me.
It took a good twenty minutes to walk the Jeeps in low gear up the washed out, rough, dusty trail to the crest. The wind curled around the hill and whipped at us. At the top on the back side, we dumped the cabrones in the dirt. I checked the ropes one last time and collected the AKs and the mags. We climbed into the Jeeps and backtracked.
Halfway down the hill, I pulled over out of sight of the highway.
—We'll do it here.


I regarded the white sand beach and blue water of Bahía Concepción sparkling in the distance. I pointed it out to Sasha, but she ignored the postcard vision. Instead, she looked at me like I was in trouble again.
—Now what?
—Are you going to tell me, or do I have to beat it out of you?
—Tell you what? You know we need the AKs. At the least, we have them if we need them farther down the road.
—Yes, but it seems you know more about them than you're letting on.
—Oh, that. Where should I start?
—How about at the beginning?
—We don't have time.
Sasha reached into the Jeep and pulled the key out of the ignition. She made a show of tucking it into the top of her shirt. She didn't take her eyes off me until she finished the job. I didn’t take my eyes off of her while I waited for the keys to drop.
They didn’t.
—We do now. Talk or walk.
Familiar-sounding words.
—You won't quit, will you?
—You know it.
What the hell. If I let her in on what kept me awake, she could do what she wanted with it.
—I spent some time in parts of Africa. I was bumming around, getting the lay of the land, when I fell into a job flying a Pilatus on the supply route for a mine. Mike was there, too. He maintained the plane.
—What's a Pilatus?
—It's a short-takeoff fixed-wing aircraft. It has plenty of power in hot temperatures and it carries a good load.
—So you two are a team when it comes to planes.
—Yes. We can work with airplanes or helicopters. Whatever suits the customer's fancy.
I hesitated.
—Don’t stop now.
—Before long we found the head crook in the supply chain. Soon we were using the Pilatus for just about anything that walked, talked, crawled or couldn't. There was always a payment for the privilege, and it didn't take long to add up. The need for weapons was a prime motivator for putting cash in our pockets.
—And?
—And everyone and their dog had a firearm to hang onto. I figured I should learn what the natives could teach. That, and a few words of the local dialect worked for me. It all helped to gain trust. I figured that if we ever got ourselves in a jam, it wouldn't hurt to have allies within the clan we were working with.
—It sounds to me like there's more to this than you're telling me.
—Maybe, but I think we better get our asses in gear. It's time we hooked up with Barbara.
We loaded the AKs and the magazines and made sure we had what we needed in our new Jeep. I punched a hole in the beater’s gas tank and waited for fuel to build up on the ground. I added the padded seats from the interior.
When I was happy, I tossed a match. In seconds, the job was done. All we had left to do was watch.
Sasha handed me the keys. They were warm. I wasn’t surprised, considering where she stowed them.


I worked the brakes, careful to keep the Jeep in gear to help. At the bottom of the hill, I halted in a bend, out of sight of the main road.
—It’s time to stash the AKs in the back. We need to keep them hidden. As much as I appreciate the look of you wearing an AK across your front, it's probably best to keep everything stowed.
All Sasha could do was grin, but she did as she was told. I felt like a clown without the makeup.
—Everything?
She unbuttoned her shirt and climbed onto my lap. One hand lifted a breast. Another snaked to the back of my head and forced my mouth to it. I never could resist a woman with a will of her own.
—Damn, woman, don't do this now.
—Why not?
I didn't answer. She pushed my head away. A swollen nipple popped out of my mouth.
—You don’t talk much.
—It’s difficult with a full mouth.
I grinned up at her and went back to work.


We separated and re-arranged clothes, grinning like teenagers parked in the dark at a drive-in movie.
—No smirking, woman. You're not getting off that easy. It's your turn.
—I just had a turn. I think I'm good for now.
—Talk, or I'll never let you put a hand on one of those AKs for as long as I know you.
—You know the way to a woman's heart, don't you?
—I know the way to your heart. And smiling at me like that won't save you—at least not this time.
Sasha shook the dust out of her shirt and turned towards me before putting it on. She took her time buttoning up, grinning the whole time like the cat that ate the canary. She finished and went serious.
—I grew up saddled with a father that pulled up stakes when I was a kid and a mother who wouldn't let me get past the front door to the outside without subjecting me to a screaming match. I know now she was only trying to keep me out of the trouble she knew I'd be getting into. But back then it was too much for me, so I up and left.
—How old were you?
—Fifteen going on twenty-one.
—Fifteen? Damn. You were a kid.
—I was, and I wasn't. I had the assets, so I figured I'd put them to use before I got old. I thought twenty-one was old.
She paused, and I waited for her to go on.
—I found my way to southern California. Eventually, I hooked up with an older man. He wanted to take care of me. He had money. I let him. He treated me pretty good. Took me everywhere.
She stopped, as though waiting for me to object. I didn’t, and she went on.
—He owned a couple of power yachts. By the time I screwed my way through the yacht clubs, I was on just about every boat you can imagine—except sailboats. I never liked the way they heel over on one side.
—Now you're stuck in the middle of a desert in a foreign country with two guys looking for a place to call home.
—Well, I wouldn't quite put it that way, but yes. I guess so.
—We're not even yet, but we've got to get moving if we're going to pull this off.
I turned onto the highway and headed north. Eventually we caught up to Barbara, parked on the side of the road.
—You made it. I started to worry when I saw the black smoke.
—Let's get our asses moving. We need to catch up to Mike with the fuel before that hurricane gets any closer.
10
BARBARA WORKED THE VAN over the soft sand towards the Cub’s tail. It stuck up like a flag. The bus hung up in the sand, and when she couldn't get closer, she flung open the door and ran. She circled the crashed plane in a frenzy. She screamed Mike’s name over and over before running back to the Jeep.
—He’s not here.
The Cub’s nose tipped down, stuck in the sand. Splinters remained of the wooden propeller. It looked to be low-speed damage. Most likely, Mike was on the ground when the plane nosed over and came to a sudden halt. Someone had shot up the tail. Holes in the fabric and missing parts said they knew what to aim for.
—He’s not on the beach.
I looked into the cockpit. When the engine dug into the sand, the sudden stop ripped the seat from its mounts. It came to rest against the bloodied dash panel. Blood spattered the cockpit. Part of the door lay on the ground. Mike must have pushed himself out of the wreck.
I wanted to reassure Barbara.
—It happened at low speed. That’s why there’s no damage beyond the propeller and the shot-up tail. Head wounds leave a lot of blood. Someone might have pulled him out.
It was for Barbara’s benefit. Going by the blood, Mike was in no shape to get out on his own. Our four sea bags filled with product were missing. Whoever it was would have removed that first.
I walked a wide circle and picked up a trail of footprints and blood leading to the water. The trail disappeared where a boat, probably a panga, had been pushed out to sea. There was hope. Mike had to be alive if they took him.
It was that, or someone wanted us to think he was still among the living. I went back to the Jeep to retrieve a can of gas. Barbara paced back and forth, her eyes on me. I knew she was hoping Mike was somewhere nearby.
—He’s gone.
She dropped to her knees and screamed.
—Not that way. Sasha, help me get her up.
Together, we got Barbara on her feet.
—He’s not dead. He’s missing. Someone took him. Look after her, would you?
I carried the jerry can to the plane and doused the airframe with gasoline. A match took care of the rest. Barbara’s eyes shifted from the burning wreck to me and back to the Cub.
—What did you do that for?
—If we can't use it, nobody can.
—What are we going to do about Mike?
—Whoever did this is long gone. The panga has to be from the cabin cruiser. I wouldn't know where to look. I don't know if Mike is even on board.
Sasha fumed and glared. It seemed like her hands never left her hips every time she looked my way. I was accustomed to it now. There was no satisfying that one. The woman was an exercise in man’s frustration with women.
—Is there something you’re holding back?
Her expression didn’t change a whit.
—Damnit, we'd better do something.
If I looked surprised, it was because Sasha seemed to care.
—If you're thinking I'll be leaving him, you better think again. I'll start with the lighthouse in El Coyote. If we're lucky, someone saw the cruiser. It's too big to ignore.
—What about the vehicles?
—If we stay together, we'll keep the van and unload the Jeep. I'll set fire to it north of El Coyote. You two should head out right now. I don't know how long I'll be.
—We'll wait for you off the highway, like last time.
I took it to mean the women were five minutes from hightailing it north once they left me in the dust and I was out of sight. No blame there. I would, too, but for Mike.
Beyond sharing a shower and a sweaty mattress, I had no ties that bind with either of them. They wouldn’t have the cojones to do what needed to be done when I located Mike. If I located Mike. There was no guarantee I'd find him alive.
Even if I knew where to look.
—You don't have to wait. We're all in this pretty deep. Consider hitting the road without me. I'll be busy tracking down Mike. I don't know how long it will take or what I’ll do when I find him.
That last was an outright lie. I knew what I’d do to get to Mike. It wouldn’t be pretty.
I loaded the borrowed AKs into the front of the Jeep.


The lighthouse in El Coyote was unmanned. I jimmied the door and climbed the stairs to survey the bay. There was nothing. Not even a boat’s faint wake on the water, calm before the storm. It made the walk back to the Jeep long and slow.
That was okay. I needed the time to think.
I didn’t hold out any hope that the women would wait down the road. If they were smart, they'd lose me right here and high-tail it to the border. While they did that, they could chalk it all up to adventure.
As much as I hated to admit it, that's exactly what Mike and I would do. We’d already done something similar in East Africa. That shitshow went a long way to getting us to where we were.


The vehicle in the rearview was coming up fast. I recognized it immediately. In my enthusiasm, I almost forgot to brake when I pulled off the road onto a dry riverbed. The women pulled in behind me and got out.
—Well, well. This is a surprise.
It surely was.
—Was there any doubt?
—The truth? Yes. Plenty.
—Good. Not every woman likes a man who thinks she's predictable.
—I've never been happier to see two women together that I've seen naked. Usually I'm busy slinking out the back door of one and on my way for a quick visit to another.
—We kind of figured that about you and Mike.
—You wouldn't be figuring wrong.
Fair warning, I suppose.
—Did you get anything on the cabin cruiser?
—Nothing. If they want to unload drugs, they need to get as far north as they can. It will make for a shorter run across the border. In fact, I'm betting Mike's life on it.
—Do you think Mike will be all right? There was so much blood.
The blood in the cockpit still spooked Barbara.
—When the plane did its low speed nose-over, the engine dug into the sand. That’s why the broken prop. The sudden stop caused Mike’s face to hit the panel pretty hard. Head wounds bleed a lot. I know. I had one a long time ago.
—It sounds serious.
—His nose was likely broken, too. More reason for so much blood.
There was no sense lying.
—A concussion wouldn't be out of the question. I know what that’s like, too. Whoever hauled him out of the cockpit took him alive. If not, he’d have been sitting there, stone cold. I'll find him.
Barbara looked relieved.
—He was alive when they carried him to the panga. If he wasn’t, there would be no blood trail.
Sasha didn’t ask how I knew. She looked at me with no expression. She knew I was kicking up sand for Barbara, too. I couldn't help it. I wanted Barbara to have hope, at least.
—What now?
I couldn't allow myself to believe Mike wasn't alive. I owed him too much.
—Santa Agueda has a fair-sized port with a breakwater. It's the last big town on the Sea of Cortez before Santa Esmeralda. I don't think they'll make for there. It has no port and no breakwater. No docks, either. The offshore tide runs shallow for quite a distance into the bay. They'd have to drop anchor a long way out.
An antsy Sasha continued to pace back and forth.
—We’re making for Santa Agueda. Break out the gas. It's time to get this circus mobile.
Barbara began dousing the Jeep with gasoline.
—Hang on a minute. I need to get something for your partner.
I grabbed the AKs and the mags.
—We’re going to pull off down the road. Your partner needs some practice. I have a feeling she’s going to need a lot.
Barbara looked puzzled.
—Practice? At what?
—Sasha is going to learn how to use an AK to its best advantage.
—Enough jaw-jacking, Harry. Let's get to sighting that thing in.
Sasha had a one-track mind, but that was all right with me. Sometimes enthusiasm could make up for inexperience.
—Sighting is going to be the least of your worries.
I flicked a lighted match toward the Jeep. The gasoline fumes ignited with a whump. The Jeep turned into history and I climbed into the back of the van. If the women changed their minds, I’d be walking from here on out.
Barbara drove. I rode shotgun in the passenger seat. Sasha sat in back with an empty AK. The butt rested against the floor. The muzzle pointed at the roof.
It was good to see the woman enthusiastic about something.


I studied Sasha’s reflection in the mirror. She had plenty of cojones. They both did. I wasn’t certain they’d be capable of the dirty work that would be needed to free Mike.
He’d do the same for me. In fact, he already had. I owed him, and I owed him big. Come hell or high water, Mike would be a free man or I’d be dead trying. No way would I leave the man behind.
Still, I didn’t know if he was alive. Sure, they’d taken him from the plane. Was that to make us think he was alive? Did they want us to think so in order to keep us going?
What could they possibly want now? They had the drugs. As far as I knew, they had all of them.
Except.
Except they didn’t. The van was loaded with coke.
How long would it be before the people that had taken Mike would come calling for Sasha and Barbara?
We need them more than they need us

—We need these guys.
—I'm thinking that way, too. I kind of like Harry. Despite his who-gives-a-shit attitude, he's got the cojones for the deal. Sometimes I'd like to give him a good kick in the ass, though.
—You had your eye on Harry from the start. What the hell is it about you and men that you always get a soft spot for the one with the most problems?
—Call me irresponsible. Like you're any different, girl.
—You're right, but I'll never admit it. Mike is a sweetheart, too. So what are we going to do with those two?
—I'm thinking.
—Well, don't think too long. Show time is coming up fast, and we're going to have to do something. Our supplier won’t like what we might be bringing down the pipe, either.
11
THE DIRT ROAD COMING UP swung off the highway at a sharp angle. It disappeared around and behind a rise. It was ideal for what I wanted to do.
—Take that turnoff and follow it for a mile or so.
Sasha slowed and turned off Mexico 1. When she passed the hill, I let her go on for about a mile before telling her to stop. I got out and looked around.
I wanted a place where I could put Sasha through the paces with the rifle. I had to know if she could handle pressure. I needed to teach her how to handle the AK-47 I took from the burned-out Jeep.
Satisfied that the hill would block sound, I stuck my head in the driver’s window. Surprised, Sasha leaned away and threw a dirty look. I didn’t want to waste words or time.
—You have work to do, Sasha. I need to know if you've got what it takes.
I was pinning my hopes on the woman. That she’d be capable of backing me up when I went in to retrieve Mike. I still didn’t believe he was dead.
—If I knew I was going to be taking a test, I would’ve tried harder.
I had enough of her sarcasm.
—Have you ever field-stripped an AK?
That shut her up, and she rolled her eyes. I only waited, hoping she’d understand she knew nothing.
—Christ, Harry. Where was I supposed to learn how to do that? I've never even seen one until today. Better yet, where in hell did you learn? Or was that part of your desert adventure?
—I need to teach you the capabilities of the extremely versatile AK-47—also known as the African credit card. Don’t ask. It’s going to be an adult-ed course. Pay attention and you'll learn something.
She had to know I was serious.
—I'm not afraid of learning. It's what I'm about to learn that worries me.
—Sure you are. Get out of the van, pay attention and show me.
I handed the rifle over to Sasha. She gripped it with both hands and hefted it.
—It's heavy.
She fumbled. The rifle would have slipped from her grip were it not for the white knuckles gripping it. The muzzle ended up aimed at the ground. At least it didn’t point in my direction.
—It's a little over nine pounds. Turn it on its left side and find the safety lever on the right. It rotates.
Her fingers touched it, and she moved it tentatively.
—Got it.
—Be sure it's full up and in position so the action can't move. Don’t be a girl. Move it like you own it.
—It's that way already. Did you do that?
I ignored the question.
—There's a small lever between the trigger guard and the magazine.
Sasha fumbled and almost dropped the heavy weapon again before turning it on its side. I waited patiently for her unfamiliar hands to locate the lever.
—Pinch it with your thumb and rotate the magazine forward. If you find that method uncomfortable, figure out a way to do it with your index finger.
She did. That was always good where a woman was concerned, especially this one. I needed her to learn fast. I wanted her to be capable.
—Find the safety again. Rotate it. Try to pull the action. Find the lever for the mag release. Do it again.
She fumbled and cursed. Failed. Succeeded. Failed again.
—Is that it?
She looked at me hopefully.
—No. Do it all again.
She hesitated before complying, shutting everything out, and succeeded.
—Fantastic. Now rotate the safety full down and rack the bolt. When you do, look to check that the chamber is empty. If it's empty, pull the trigger on the empty chamber.
Sasha racked and looked. Nothing ejected. She pulled the trigger.
—Did you look? 
—Yes, I did. Empty. Did you know?
—Yes. I wasn’t about to put a loaded firearm in your hands while standing beside you.
I caught her smiling.
—Well thanks for that vote of confidence.
—Dos cabrones weren't expecting to find us. If they were, the chamber would’ve had a round in it. Now engage the safety. See how it prevents the bolt from being pulled back?
She did as she was told, observing her handiwork.
—Yes.
—Try it anyway. Then we need to make it unusable. 
—But I thought—
—Don’t think. Do. I’ll explain later, okay?
The woman gave me stink eye, but I was accustomed to it by now.
—Turn it up and I'll tell you how to take out the bolt and the recoil spring.
—Why don't you do it? I'm a girl, remember?
—I remember it well. You have a fantastic body. You’re much too smart for your britches, though. See the black cover on the top that starts in front of the wooden grip? That's the receiver cover.
—If you say so.
—I do. Now pay attention. There's a button. Press it in with your thumb and pull up on the cover.
She struggled to get it right, cursing at her ineptitude.
—It’s stiff. Ouch!
—Yeah, you have to watch out for that. Now push the thing that pinched your thumb forward until it slides out of the slots. Throw the spring out the window. Pull out the bolt carrier and throw that out, too.
—Am I done?
—You're done. How hard was that?
—Not so bad with you helping. I'm getting to like the new things I'm learning since I started hanging with you and Mike.
Oh shit. Here we go.


—Walk with me while I dispose of what’s left. We wouldn't want it to fall into the wrong hands.
She followed me as I disposed of the parts and kicked dirt over them. The questions never stopped. I ignored her. I’d rather she thought about the consequences of what she was learning. Who in their right mind would teach an American girl to use an AK?
We made our way back to the van. Sasha only had eyes for the single functioning AK on the floor.
—What are we going to do with that one?
If she only knew.
—For starters, while you've got nothing to do, you're going to hook us up with what the uninformed call jungle clips.
—Jungle clips? What the hell are jungle clips?
—Jungle clips. Some might call them banana clips. When you saw all the news feeds of mercs in the desert or the jungle, do you remember anything about the firearms they carried?
—Mostly I went to eat when the news came on.
Why was I not surprised?
—Those curly things hanging off the bottom were magazines taped together. Cuerno de chivo in Spanish. The magazine resembles a goat’s horn.
—If you say so.
There it was again. Would this one ever learn to listen? I was beginning to think Barbara might have been a better choice. The trouble was that she had become too involved with Mike to think straight.
—I say so. Basic firearms, baby. He who has the most arms, wins. If he doesn't have the most arms, he'd better know how to use the arms he has.
—Really.
The refrain was too familiar.
—Yes, bitch. Really.
Sasha stepped back and took a long look in my direction. Finally. I’d hit a nerve.
—Your job is to tape those mags together. In pairs. When you have two taped, you should be able to release, rotate, and insert when one is empty.
I stopped explaining to let her figure it out. Sasha didn't know it yet, but when the time came, she'd be the one handling the AK. Do or die, she better know how.
She fumbled with the mags, adjusting, re-arranging, switching them out, doing it all again. Satisfied, she tore off a short run of tape and used it as a guide for positioning.
—Good idea. Keep trying until you get it right and then do them all the same way.
She continued fumbling with the magazines, trying to get the setup right. She wrapped and unwrapped the tape until she had one to her satisfaction.
—You've got it. Is the safety on?
—Yes.
—Show me.
—How will I know when you're happy with my work?
—I’ll let you know. Show me the safety. Insert the mag. Does it bind with the one you piggy-backed? If they don't match up, you'll have to do them over.
—Not so fast. Shit. I’ve never done this. I don't think it binds.
I raised my voice and fired commands at the woman.
—You don’t think? Then you’d better start. Insert the magazine. Does it lock? Rock it back and forth. Did it stay locked? When you inserted, did it fit nice and smooth? If it didn’t, do it again. Now release it. Tip it forward. Did it come out? If it didn’t, why?
Sasha’s hands shook. Her face turned beet red with frustration. She fumbled and dropped the mags she’d taped. She looked like she wanted to cry. I stopped talking and waited. She had to be the one to figure it out.
—Insert. Release. Rotate. Insert. If it doesn't work for you, release it, unwrap it, and tape it until you get it right. Then do it all over again.
She went through the exercise, again and again. Fed up with watching her and needing a break, I left her to work it out on her own. I went over to Barbara and pulled her aside. I needed her to be our backup. I had to get a feel for whether she’d be capable of functioning when she was needed.
I had my answer when she reached into a jacket pocket and pulled out a handful of 12-gauge shells.
—Did you get those from Mike?
She nodded. I looked her hard in the eye.
—You know how to use it?
—Yup.
That was good enough for me. I cast a gaze at Sasha.
—Do you think that one will get it? She needs to. It will be important.
I couldn’t emphasize that enough. I didn’t even try.
—Yup. Wait her out. You’ll see.
I leaned against the van. Sasha’s quiet cursing floated in the wind. I was nervous and unconvinced that putting a killing machine in the hands of a woman who’d never seen one was a smart move on my part.
—I hope you’re right.
I returned to Sasha in the back of the van.
—All right, woman. I’m back, and it’s time.
—You know I heard you, right? I’m in here. You’re out there?
I ignored her.
—Release it like I showed you, then rotate the mag and insert it as fast as you can without screwing it up. When you've got a pair matched up that work for you, do the same thing with the others. And then do it again.
She taped the mags in record time, put the rifle on the floor of the van, and held up her hands as though in celebration.
—Six magazines. Three jungle clips. Will that be enough for you?
—Yes, it'll be enough. It's all we have. Now you have to check all three of them. Go ahead. Do it. And they’re magazines. Clips were part of a different war.
I waited for her to finish. I studied every move. She was rough around the edges, but she was just good enough. It would have to do.
—I want to try it out.
I knew that was coming. I wondered what took her so long.
—You know how to work the safety. How to tape a mag. How to check your work. You know how to unwrap the tape and do it again until you’re satisfied.
—Yeah. So?
—So when push comes to shove, you’d better know or you’ll die trying. Trying isn’t good enough. You being dead is not the prize we’re after. Mike is the prize.
It finally dawned on her. I knew, because she straightened and looked at Barbara.
—If we're lucky, you won't have to use that AK. An AK can do a lot of damage in the right hands. Even without pulling the trigger, just the sight of one with taped mags hanging off of it can make an impression.
—That didn't stop you and Mike back in Coronado.
—Back in Coronado was another matter. You know that. They had your friend.
That shut down the questions I figured would be coming. In case it didn’t, I had a few of my own.


Sasha impressed me with her handling of the heavy, unfamiliar rifle. Still, she was no pro. She never would be. But she was willing to work with me to learn the basics. She was a quick study. She’d been a party to my talk with Barbara. I made sure to let her know in front of her friend that I valued her help.
Even so, the exercise coming up would make her or break her.
—It's time for the actual work to start if you're going to feel confident with the AK.
A huge, shit-eating grin glued itself to Sasha’s face. She’d better enjoy it while she could. She’d soon be on the ground and sweating dirty.
—We're about to find out what you’re made of. Confidence is everything. If you look like a scared little girl, you'll lose. Now the first thing you'll do is rack it. Why?
—To be sure the chamber is empty.
Sasha pulled the slide all the way back, looked inside, and released. She put the muzzle on the floor and kept the stock up.
—It looks like you've got your basic gun safety figured out.
Barbara used the lull in the conversation to lay down the law.
—No holes in the roof. I want to keep the resale value up on this thing. That, and my mother taught me a bit when I was a lot younger. We didn't have a man around.
—What did you forget while you were listening, woman?
—Shit.
Sasha fumbled with the rifle. She racked again, checked the chamber by looking into it, and released. She pulled the trigger on the empty chamber and then safetied. The muzzle went back on the floor.
—That's better. Do it again.
She did.
—Find the lever on the right side. Check the position.
—The safety. It's down.
—All the way?
—Yes.
—Why isn’t it up and engaged?
Sasha turned beet red.
—Are you planning on shooting one of us?
I think I knew which one of us it would be.
—Sorry. I’m sorry.
I bit my tongue while she went through the exercise again with the empty AK before flipping the safety up.
—Down is semi-automatic. For accuracy, you want the lever all the way down. What does down mean?
—Semi-automatic. One round for every trigger pull.
—Funny you should know that. What's full up?
—Safety.
She rotated the safety down, then up. It clicked into place. This woman was no slouch. Now all I had to worry about was how she'd react when the lead started flying. The answer to that would come when we located Mike.
—You’re going to insert one of the mags you taped. It’ll be a lot heavier with cartridges in it. Pay attention to what you’re doing.
She tipped it forward and caught the lug in the recess before rotating the mag back until it clicked into place.
—If there’s lead flying and adrenaline pumping you won’t hear that sound. You’ll have to push on it to verify.
—What happens if I don’t?
—You’ll be bent over picking it up to do it all over again until you get it right.
I hurried to continue.
—If you aren’t running the other way, that is. Now release it.
She did. Racked. Checked. Pulled the trigger.
—Good. Safety?
—Up.
I was happy. I smiled encouragement at her.
—After you insert the full magazine, how do you chamber a round?
—Rack. Then safety.
That was good enough for me. It impressed Barbara even more.
—Damn, girl, you're getting scary. Don't tell any of the men we know about this or you'll frighten every single one of them away permanently.
I shook my head.
—That’s not my experience. Hell, a woman who knows how to use an AK to its full advantage would be an asset anywhere in Africa.
I knew Sasha wouldn’t let that go.
—Is that how you pick your women?
—If it was, you wouldn’t be here now.
I didn’t wait for a response.
—Let’s go. We have a job to do.
I wasn’t satisfied with the spot I’d picked out to test the firepower. I had the women pile into the van and Barbara took us back to the highway.
—We need to find a place to experiment. We want to put high hills between us and the highway to muffle the gunfire. While you’re standing around, maybe you could use the time to come up with a story to get us across the border.
I wanted Barbara to have something to do that would take her mind off of Mike and the possibility he might not be alive.
—I completely forgot about that. No thanks for reminding me.
—Remember, we didn’t find Mike sitting cold and dead in the plane. Someone went to the trouble of hauling him out. That has to mean that he's alive. They want us to come looking for him. The most likely spot for us to find him is Santa Agueda.
—Do you think they have him on the boat?
—Yes.
That, or they pulled a dead man out of the cockpit and hoped we'd come looking because we would think he was still alive. I didn't want to bury Mike yet even if he was floating in the Golfo.
Something was nagging at me, though. The bandidos had the drugs from the plane. Why would they take Mike, alive or dead? Why would they want us to come looking for him?
12
SASHA’S BASIC FIREARMS training went as well as it could, given her inexperience and the limited time we had. She had the dry run part of the exercise down as best as I could show her. It was time to make her sweat.
—Take the trail that goes left.
Barbara eased the van to a stop about a mile from the highway. The location was prime, given the hills that came between us and the highway that would shield the noise.
—Chica, it's time to show me what you've got.
Sasha sported a grin like a Cheshire cat. Barbara couldn’t resist.
—What did you do? You look like you’ve eaten something, and I don’t mean a canary.
I had to chuckle. I couldn’t help it.
—You've already seen what I've got, gringo.
Sasha could barely talk past the wide grin glued to her face.
—Not that long ago you attached yourself to me while we were on the side of that hill.
—Well, you didn't give me a choice, did you?
A look of sudden realization took over Barbara’s face.
—So that explains it. No wonder you took so long to get back on the highway.
Sasha heisted the AK, racked, and cleared it. She pulled the trigger on the empty chamber. She inserted a mag, racked it again and rotated the safety up. Barbara repositioned herself by moving to shield herself behind the van. Not that it would do any good, given the rifle’s firepower. She called around a corner of the van.
—I'm getting my rear out of the line of fire. If you two need me, I'll be on the ground eating dirt and dodging ricochets. Say, isn’t there an old song about a ricochet romance?
—That's a good idea until gun-girl gets it together. If you want something to do, you could think about where we'll cross the border to get the least amount of hassle.
—I'll come up with something.
I kept my eyes on Sasha and the AK's muzzle. I didn’t want to take any chances.
—Show me what you know.
—It's safetied.
—Is it?
She checked the lever before turning the side of the AK towards me. She pushed the safety full-down to semi-auto. Her finger went back to the trigger. I moved it, placing it outside the guard.
—Put the safety back on, please. Do I need to explain that?
—Yes.
She complied, and I went on.
—With your finger off the trigger, even if it’s outside the guard, there's less chance of firing while you're moving.
—I'll get it right next time.
—There is no next time if you pull the trigger by mistake. I've got one jungle mag to teach you what you need to know. For Mike's sake, you better be a quick study.
—So you think he's alive. Why else would you be doing this?
The woman was right. There was no way I could let myself believe Mike wasn't waiting for me to show up. He had done the same for me. It was payback time.
—Let’s get to it.
It became my job to impress upon the woman she had her hands on a powerful weapon. Words alone wouldn't do the job. I allowed my mind to wander back to East Africa and the two female mercs that had rescued my ass. What I wouldn’t give to have just one of them at my side now.
—The thing about a rifle like this is that it can lay down a lot of fire in a hurry. We don't want to do that. That's why you're set on semi-auto. One pull, one round. The thinking woman's way to impress.
She attempted to aim and squeezed one off before I could go on. It was obvious she was unprepared for the result. The rifle kicked at her shoulder. She looked at me with wide eyes.
—How did it feel?
Sasha sputtered and put the safety on.
—Holy shit. I felt the kick.
If the woman didn’t start to listen, I’d be forced to get down and dirty to make her pay attention.
—Pull the butt back tight against your shoulder. Do it now.
I moved behind her and covered her wrists with my hands to steady her.
—Before you let another one go, step into it this time. Lean your body into it, too.
She flicked the safety off. I stayed in position behind her.
—Now pull the trigger.
The rifle kicked against her shoulder. She held steady. Not a problem with me supporting her.
—That felt better. Not so much kick.
—Use your left arm for support. Get that elbow under the grip. I know, it’s heavy. That’s why you want your elbow beneath, to support the weight.
She did as she was told.
—Give me three in a row.
She leaned in. Kept her weight distributed. Kept her balance even.
—You need to raise your right elbow. Do it now.
—You're right. I need to lean into it. I can handle this, no problem.
—Yes, you can. Keep your right elbow up. Give me three more.
—That's eight.
—Good, you're counting, too.
—Well, I figure if they're 30-shot clips, 22 are left. Are they 30?
—They’re mags. Short for magazines. Clips are from another generation’s war.
—All right, all right, for crying out loud. I get it.
But did she? I’d find out when I needed her to back me up.
—Don't do the math. Just count what's gone if you think you have to. Or do it this way—one, two, and many.
I figured to keep the woman guessing to take her mind off what she was learning to do with an AK.
—You're a tough taskmaster.
—You'd better believe it. Now get down on your knees.
—Hey. We're not done yet.
It was my turn to grin.
—There's going to be plenty of time for that once the job is done. In the meantime, down, woman. Put your left foot flat on the ground. Right knee on the ground. Do it, and be sure of your balance.
She did, and fired once.
—When you're down, try placing your left elbow on your knee. It'll give support and better accuracy with your arm supporting the weight of the AK. Now stand up and give me two.
The AK barked twice.
—Down again and give me two. Elbow on the knee. What's the count?
My bluff worked. I hoped giving her something to do would take her mind off of the firepower. It wasn’t necessary, but it kept her thinking.
—Thirteen.
—When you swap ends with that jungle mag, it’s best to be in the down position. You'll be a smaller target when it takes you a couple of tries.
Sasha got off another three, then stood for what remained. She pulled the trigger on the empty magazine, knelt, released, and flipped it. She fumbled getting it in and I jumped on her.
—Didn’t you practice that? You said you were fine with it. Why are you screwing it up now? Someone’s firing back at you. Are you going to run and scream like a little girl? How many times did I show you?
Tears streamed down Sasha’s face as she wrestled with the magazine. Finally, she had it seated properly. She racked and let go with three from the down position before wiping her sweat-covered face with her sleeve.
—All right. That’s enough. I like what you just did. It'll show whoever is on the receiving end you mean business. It doesn't matter if you score any hits. The intent is what matters. The noise that thing makes and the flying lead it produces will keep whoever is on the receiving end looking for a way out.
If there was return fire from an AK pointed in our direction, she'd be the one looking for a way out. Hell, I'd be running with her. I didn’t mention any of that. It was early to tempt fate.
—I'm liking this a lot.
—You're doing a pretty good job.
Too bad the job was one that could get us both killed.
—You need to learn how to aim.
I smoothed out an area on the sand and drew diagrams of the iron sights.
—Your turn. Look through the sights. Align them. Look away. Align them again. That’s how you hit what you aim at. Do it again and again.
I waited. She practiced with the heavy rifle.
—Are you bored yet?
—Pretty much.
—Then do it again. Keep your finger off the trigger and outside the guard.
—Nag nag nag.
—Don't get cocky. Someone will be shooting back. It's been my experience that there's no telling how anyone will react to that. That's why it's training, training, and more training.
—I can believe that.
—Now I want you to try this. But first, how many did you get off?
—Damn you. Three. I think.
—You think, or you know? What is it?
—I know. Three.
—Good. Give me two when you're down. Then stand, advance and fire. Down, and fire. Up, advance and fire. By twos. When you're finished with that, I want you to retreat the same way until the mag is empty. That's the end of your first mag. Then turn and run your ass off. Get down on one knee until you load your last magazine. Turn and repeat as needed. What's the last thing I said?
—Get my ass in gear and evacuate.
—Exactly. Now move that ass, woman.
I advanced beside her, hoping to give her a level of confidence. She was a going concern. She didn't hesitate even once. Sweat poured down her face and soaked her shirt.
—That's my girl. What's the count?
—Empty.
—You're a fast study. You performed like a trouper.
I swatted her on the ass, hard.
—I'm only doing that because you're out of ammo.
—You should try it more often.
She racked, checked, and pulled the trigger on the empty chamber.
—The thing about counting is, you’ll never get it right when there’s no pressure. Don’t even bother. Under fire, you’ll forget all about it anyway.
—Then why did you tell me to do it?
The woman was almost stamping her feet.
—Would you have paid better attention if I hadn’t told you to do it?
—Point taken. So what do I do?
—Keep squeezing the trigger until you get nothing.
—Question.
—Yes?
—There seems to be a middle position on the safety. What's that for?
I pretended ignorance.
—A middle position? What do you mean?
—There’s a click stop there, or whatever it’s called.
—Oh, that. That's spray and pray. Otherwise known as rock and roll.
She cast a questioning look.
—Spray and pray?
She aimed a raised eyebrow in my direction.
—The chances of someone untrained, such as you, hitting anything in full auto mode is slim to none. Even for battle-hardened veterans, it's a feat to hit the target on full-auto when lead is flying in both directions.
—I'll keep that in mind.


The ground crunched, and the noise drew Barbara out from behind the van.
—You can stop hiding and come up for air. We're done.
—How did she do?
—Not too shabby. She surprised me. She's got it together, at least as long as no one is shooting back. We'll find out how good all of us are when the time comes.
—I'm kind of worried about that.
—Try not to think about it now. What did you come up with to get us across the border?
I hoped Barbara’s mind was off of Mike’s predicament. I didn’t need a wailing, whiny woman on my hands.
—That depends on where we cross. We have choices. You probably know already.
—What do you think of Tijuana or Otay?
The worst of the lot.
—I'd say those are both out. Too many border guards and they're all looking for trouble. They thrive on it.
—I'm with you on that. What about Tecate? It's in the middle of nowhere.
—It's too sleepy. Sometimes people who don't have enough to do like to make work.
—Yeah, you're probably right about that, too.
—I think it has to be Santa Esmeralda.
—Santa Esmeralda? The border is north of there.
—Exactly. It'll look like we spent the weekend and want to get out before what's left of the hurricane blows through. What do you think?
—Mexicali is a busy crossing, but it's no Tj by a long shot. It's pretty laid back. Plus, there's the newer crossing to the east. We'll play it by ear when we get there.
13
THE SUN BEGAN TO SINK behind the hills. It left us in a haze of salt air blowing in off the Golfo. I rolled down the window in the boxy van, but it didn’t help dissipate the clammy humidity. We were approaching Santa Agueda. The darkening twilight helped frame the town’s lights and the harbor through the van’s windshield.
We got closer to the harbor and my eyes locked onto the yacht moored in plain sight at the end of the wharf. I’d seen it before. Every light was on, as though fighting the encroaching darkness. If they were trying to hide, it wasn’t working. It was like they wanted to be seen by anyone who was looking.
We were looking.
I scanned the approach to the wharf. No barriers. We could have driven onto the huge dock and rammed the van into the cabin cruiser. Given the feelings Barbara had for Mike, the injuries we knew about, and his kidnapping, I didn't joke about it. She was doing the driving and she might take me seriously.
—See the taquería? Pull off past it. I have a plan.
A plan? Did I say that out loud? Hell, if I had a plan, I sure as hell didn't know about it.
Barbara halted the van a hundred feet past before backing up to halve the distance. It put us in an excellent position. We had the full length of the wharf in sight. There was no avoiding the cabin cruiser. It sat, lit up at the end of the wharf, like a cheap circus.
There was no doubt now. Santa Agueda would be our point of no return. All I had to do was come up with the plan I was so eager to brag about.
I crawled into the back of the van and pulled aside the curtain. I stared out the window, studying the wharf and the yacht hanging off the end of it. What I knew about boats would fit on the end of a finger. I couldn’t even remember any movies I’d seen. Maybe Oceans 11. Did it even have a boat?
We’d have to do a straight run down the length of the dock. From where I sat, the few light standards weren’t big or heavy enough to offer cover if we needed it. We’d be out in the open, with no cover for the entire way on our advance. I didn’t want to think about the retreat with a wounded Mike to slow us down.
I ran through it again.
If we made it down the dock unannounced. If we got aboard. If we found Mike. Would he be below deck? Retreat would be more dangerous once we had Mike. Not knowing his condition, I expected I'd be forced to carry him. It would slow the retreat even more.
I gave my head a shake. Already I had Mike rescued, and I hadn’t done a damned thing except consider how dangerous his rescue would be. I put it out of my mind and kept looking.
No sentries that I could see. Perhaps they’d be posted after dark. How many men would greet us if they heard us coming? It was a given we’d be facing AKs if what I saw coming ashore in Coronado was any sign. We were out-gunned, and we hadn’t yet left the safety of the van.
An approach with no cover. No idea how many opponents we would face. No clue where Mike was being kept on the yacht. A retreat while carrying Mike across the wide-open expanse of dock. A woman with an AK as backup who’d never fired a shot in anger.
—Damn.
—What? What's wrong?
—Just about everything.


I couldn’t admit I had no plan. I was stubborn that way. Between now and go time, I had to come up with something. Anything. Mike was depending on it. On me.
—It's time to settle down, get organized and get Mike off the boat. The screwup we've been working up to now hasn't been a success.
Easy for me to say. Even easier for the women to believe. But did they?
—Finally. I was about to give up on you.
I heard Sasha’s words, but I was past caring. I went on.
—Now isn't the time to be talking about past failures—yours or mine.
—Now he gets personal. Where's the shotgun?
I smiled at the woman’s retort. I couldn’t help it at this point. Could they know it was a nervous smile? Maybe not. It was darker in the van than it was outside.
—I don't think we need to waste time checking out the harbor. It's a simple setup.
I thought I was talking to myself until Sasha chimed in.
—Yes. The dock seems to have a good line of sight. But how are we going to keep those guys from chasing after us once we get our hands on Mike?
—Good question. And my answer to that is another question. Where's the nearest semi parked? I'm thinking the taquería is a suitable spot to wait for one to show up.
—What are we going to do with a semi? They're huge.
Exactly. And once they’re parked, tough to get around.
—Barbara will climb in, smile at the driver like a hooker, thus engaging him with her winsome smile. Using her feminine wiles, she’ll convince him to park it across the road, behind the van. Then she'll disable it any way she can to keep it from moving.
It was clear the tension was getting to Sasha. She realized we were in it past our ears. Before going on, she swiped at the perspiration covering her face in the hot van’s interior.
—She shouldn't have any problem smiling like a hooker. You should have seen how she worked over the guy we got the drugs from.
Maybe it wasn't tension after all.
—Yeah, I know. I've seen her naked and smiling, remember?
That wiped the smile off Sasha’s face. I was nervous all over again.
—If you know what's good for you, you should probably stop bringing that up. You know what's good for you, right, Harry?
I couldn’t change the subject fast enough.
—So then, does the truck thing work for you, Barbara?
—It does. As long as it gets parked behind the van, I'll be good to go. I'll jam it into first and crank the wheels.
—Sasha?
—What she says. But what are we going to do about finding Mike aboard the yacht?
—I've never seen the inside of one. I have no idea what to expect.
—In that case, let me tell you all about it.
I looked at Sasha. For good measure, I looked at Barbara, too. She wasn’t any help. She only shrugged.


I leaned back against the van’s bare wall and stretched my legs. Wiped my face dry in the crook of my arm. I wasn’t sure what to expect from Sasha.
—Listen up, you two. The test will come when we do the deed.
Sasha glanced at us before continuing.
—It's a Constellation. About fifty or fifty-five feet. Maybe a little more. If the interior lights are on, we should be able to figure out where Mike is located. It's not complicated.
I looked across at Barbara. Her mouth was open, and she was staring at Sasha like she didn’t know her. The woman definitely had our undivided attention, because I caught myself doing the same thing.
—You step onto the stern and make your way forward. The elevations are such that it's no big deal to see and to get below for the dirty work. If that's where Mike is. The sight lines are pretty generous. There's nowhere we won't be able to see from the dock to get a line on those bastards.
—Is there anything else you think we need to know about the yacht?
I was still shell-shocked that she knew anything about the boat.
—No, that about covers it. You'll see what I mean when we get close.
Night was on the way. To seal the deal, we needed a semi with a hungry driver. I wanted to ask Sasha how she knew about the yacht. I opened my mouth to speak, and Barbara shook her head. I took that for not now.
—While we're waiting, we need to talk out how this will work. If anyone has something to add, please interrupt.
—We've got nothing.
We had to block the road any way we could. The semi was the key. We needed it to carry out the raid. It was our best bet to keep anyone from following us once we got Mike off the boat and into the van.
—It will depend on the semi. No truck, no assault on the cabin cruiser.
Nobody voiced an objection.
—Barbara, you're the linchpin. We need that truck parked across the road. It’s our blockade. You'll have Mike's sawed-off to convince the driver to do your bidding.
—I can do that. I've already got a couple of different options figured out.
—That was fast. Do we need to know what you came up with?
—No, I don't think so. But I know one of them will work for sure.
—Thanks to Mike's shotty.
—Yes. And I know how to use it.
—It has a sling. You should be able to wear it on your shoulder beneath your jacket.
—I noticed that. I'll try it when we're done.
—One more thing. When you're finished seducing the driver with the shotgun, you can cover our backs from the shoreline. We’ll need you while Sasha and I are on the dock doing the dirty work.
It should keep Barbara busy. I hoped it would take her mind off of what was happening inside the cabin cruiser. Sasha and I wouldn’t have time to worry about Barbara getting in the line of fire over her concern for Mike. If she rushed the cabin cruiser with us, the element of surprise would go out the window.
—There are four shells for the shotgun. I've got my .45 and seven. Sasha?
—Two jungle mags, 120 rounds.
Damn. She remembered. I nodded.
—We'll work the wharf together. Stop when you can see into the boat. You have to be able to see inside to cover me off. Got that?
—Yes.
—If you can't, position yourself where you can see. Concentrate on what's happening inside the boat. Barbara will have your back. You shouldn't have anyone come up on you without warning.
—What if I can't see inside from the dock?
—Then you'll have to come aboard with me. If that's the case, under no circumstance do you advance past the stern. You stay there. You wait. Understood?
She nodded. I asked again.
—Yes. I understand.
—Good. I’ll do the searching for Mike. Two of us don’t need to be doing that in the cramped quarters. Once he’s free, it’s up to you to cover our retreat until I can get him off the boat.
—This isn't going to be easy.
She had that figured right.
—We can count on plenty of lead flying. Your job will be to keep peppering whatever moves on the boat with the AK. The way we rehearsed. I'll try to stay out of your line of fire, but there are no guarantees. You better pay attention before you pull that trigger.
—I’ll try my best. I hope there’s no trouble while you’re still down there with Mike.
—Don't be shy about changing your position to your advantage.
—We'd like both of you alive.
That was an understatement.
—That would be nice. Once I get past you with Mike, you'll cover our retreat up the dock to the road. Remember, stop and drop when you have to, but keep up with us. I don't want to go back for you with an empty 45 in my hand.
—Just like before, but without unbuttoning my shirt and flashing you.
—Exactly.
Tension in the van was at an unbearable level. No one laughed. Not even a smile.
—Once we get ashore, Barbara will be ahead of us with the shotty. She'll cover our walk around the semi’s trailer to the van. With any luck, there won't be anyone waiting for us.
—What if Mike can't walk by himself?
Barbara was thinking too much.
—Then I'll carry him. For now, just concentrate on what you have to do. That's what's going to get Mike to safety. If you think about all the things that could go wrong, you'll end up useless to Sasha and to me. More important, you'll end up being useless to Mike. He'll be sitting on that barge at the end of the dock.
It's the best I could do. When the time came, it would be up to a rag-tag team of two inexperienced women and a man who had seen it before from the other side.
—If you want something to take the edge off, think through how the plan is going to work. Rehearse your part in it and what you’ll have to do to free Mike.
14
MY GUT CHURNED. My mouth felt and tasted like it was coated in North African desert sand. Cold sweat poured down my back, soaking through my shirt. I blinked uncontrollably. My eyes wandered the van in a vain attempt at looking somewhere, anywhere, but at the women.
I concentrated on the floor before trying to focus on our aim at the end of the dock. Mike had to be there, alive, injured, even tortured. The simple part was over. All the talk in the world wouldn’t get him back. We had to act. I had to act. The plan had to work.
Would it? Two out of three never saw action, through no fault of their own. I tried to lead, tried to encourage, tried to train. Success or failure was up to a woman I found on a beach, who had never been on the receiving end of live fire.
Bonus points for all if we got out with everyone alive.
If Mike’s recovery went off without a hitch, I might consider going to church. After all, he’d been the one counting them before we got ourselves into this mess.
It would be my way of doing penance.
For what, I wasn’t sure.


I couldn’t take my eyes off the women. I tried.
Across from me, Sasha’s back was against the seat, knees up, feet flat on the floor. The AK rested between them against her shoulder. Measured breathing. In. Out. In. Out. Closed-eyed, she fumbled with the AK’s strap, twisting and untwisting and twisting again.
Barbara rocked back and forth. Contrary to what she said earlier, the twin muzzles of the shotgun pointed at the roof of her beloved van. Eyes shifted from me to Sasha and back, again and again. I couldn’t smile. I managed a nod. I didn't know what else to do.
There were so many ways this op could go sideways. No semi. Sasha running off again. Mike dead. Mike alive. Mike not on the boat. The Federales show. The yacht departs before we can board. On and on and on and circling back to begin again.
It was always the waiting. And then it became about the van’s cramped interior. The heat. The unbearable humidity. The sweat soaking everything. There was nothing to do but wait and think and worry and think again about saying Screw it and running north to the border before everything went to hell.
Hands swiped at sweaty faces until the sweat returned with a vengeance and we had to do it again. It kept us busy doing something. Doing nothing.


The silence in the van was unbearable. The atmosphere electric. The tension beyond comprehension. Any minute, I expected one of these women to slide open the door and order me off the bus. With their part finished, they’d make for the border without me. Without Mike.
Leave me with the AK at least, I prayed.
I already knew what Mike was made of. When the chips were down, he saved my ass in North Africa by dragging it to Benghazi. He proved he had the cojones. I owed him big time. Now it was my turn to repay the debt. With or without my recruits, Sasha and Barbara, I’d soon be doing just that.
We'd find out what we were made of. If we were lucky, we'd collect Mike and be back on the road. If not, well, that was a thought for another day. I was too caught up to worry about not being able to repay the debt Mike had so willingly and without question gone into for me.
The big truck downshifted. The semi’s diesel exhaust roared, and the engine groaned into a lower gear. Nervous silence and calm within the van broke. Feet shifted. Water bottles doused dry mouths. Nervous throats cleared. Shoulders tensed. Eyes remained locked on the van’s floor.
This was it. The much-needed semi had arrived. Headlights penetrated the window curtains and lit our faces in dim shadow. The plan was falling into place. In a few minutes, it would be a done deal.
Barbara slipped the handle on the van’s sliding door. In the interior’s forced silence, it unlatched with a sound loud enough to draw us out of our fear. We were minutes away from the goal.
—Let him get his food and then follow him back to the cab.
Three heads turned. Three pairs of eyes focused on the truck driver. We followed him as he walked around the front of the cab. He halted to light a cigarette and inhaled a lungful of smoke. We inhaled, too. He exhaled a cloud of smoke and we gratefully matched it with sudden breathing.
Cigarette smoke surrounded his head in the still air. He shuffled away and plodded towards the taquería. In the van, the slow-motion walking took its toll. Sasha’s voice trembled with nervous tension.
—Go. Go. Get it done, you fucker.
Maybe she was saying it to us. Maybe she was talking to the trucker. At the rate he was going, he'd get there tomorrow.
—You want him to pick something up for you?
Sasha made a grab for the door and slammed it open. It bumped the stop and bounced back. She pushed it again and stepped out. Her knees gave out, and she went down, hard. She coughed. Gagged. Choked. Spit. Threw up. She coughed again and swiped at her mouth with the back of her hand.
The trucker didn’t notice. He was too busy thinking about food, maybe.
She forced herself upright. Got a foot in the van. I reached. Pulled her in. The AK rattled against the door before it slammed shut behind her.
She couldn’t look at either of us. Instead, she checked the action on the AK before leaning back against the seat. The muzzle mimicked the shotty in Barbara’s hands. It pointed at the roof.
—I couldn't help it.
I couldn’t blame her. I made light of it, not wanting to scare her off any more than she was.
—It's nerves. You don't know what's coming down the pipe. I'd do it too if I could. Better to get it over now than on the dock. When you’re in the thick of things.
Sasha’s eyes found mine, warning me.
—I'm ready.
I knew then I didn’t want to be on the receiving end of her AK, ever.
—Do good out there and I'll keep you.
She looked at me with cold eyes.
—We'll soon see about that, won’t we?
She wiped at her face with her forearm, loosening a strand of long hair she'd tied at the back of her head. She ignored it and went back to tapping her foot and patting the outside of her thigh in a tuneless rhythm.
The trucker whistled as he backtracked his way past the van, tacos and beer in hand. Mike's rescue was on us now. If we screwed up, he'd be a dead man for sure. There was no guarantee. The deal was all or nothing.
—It's go time, gringas.
On cue, Barbara adjusted the shotty beneath her jacket before standing, bent over in the van's interior. She silently slipped the door and eased out. She straightened and threw back her shoulders, hot on the trail of the trucker.
I nodded at Sasha. She exhaled and headed out the door. I joined her and checked Barbara’s position. She was almost caught up to the man.
I slipped the action on my 45, tucked it into my belt, and strode past Sasha.
15
I LED THE WALK to the foot of the wharf. The lights were still out. Turned off or broken. My eyes roamed the dock. On the lookout. Searching. The darkness served its purpose. We hesitated and stood still. Waited.
For what? We were out in the open. Exposed but for the dark.
Water slapped at the footings. The yacht bumped, heavy and rhythmic, against its moorings. It rocked and squeaked against the fenders, wailing into the night in mock complaint.
No lookouts I could see. It was too good to be true. No lights on the dock. That was good, too. Faint light glowed through a porthole. Too far away to tell if they posted a guard on the boat.
It looked too easy. It was turning out to be more like a Sunday stroll, minus the sightseers, rather than a full-blown assault.
We made our way. Still no dock lights on automated switches. Still no lookouts on the cabin cruiser. Were we headed towards a setup? It was too late. We were committed. There would be no pulling back until we got our hands on Mike.
—The lights are out. That doesn't seem right.
—It's weird. Like everyone has been chased off. Or chased away.
—If these guys aren't paying attention, it's a bonus. We have to use what we have.
Sasha followed as I fast-trotted the length of the dock. Even on rubber soles, it seemed every footstep slammed into the ground, announcing our arrival. Sasha held the AK level in front of her. Everywhere she looked, it pointed. Where the hell did she learn to do that? She shrugged when I questioned her, our voices a whisper.
—It feels more comfortable that way.
We halted off the stern, away from any portholes and out of sight. The dock was too low, the yacht too high in the water to allow a look inside. I climbed onto the stern, one foot at a time, careful to keep my weight from causing sudden motion.
—The view isn't good.
I beckoned to Sasha.
—Come aboard. Keep to the stern and stay in the shadows like we talked about. Try to keep out of sight for as long as you can.
We whispered, back and forth, in the dark.
—Don't worry about me. I've got your back. And no, I'm not overconfident. I'm shaking like a leaf.
—I am too. When the action starts, you'll be too busy to shake. Trust me on that. And don't forget to breathe.
—I trust you. I'll bet you haven’t heard that from one of your women in a while.
—There's a first time for everything. Will I get to keep you now?
—I'm still thinking about it.
I was on edge and couldn’t manage a smile. Instead, I went to work.
—I’m going in.
The dock’s overhead lights stayed off. Maybe a timer would come on later. I eased forward from the stern and peered into a porthole. A room lit up brighter than daylight confronted me. Anyone inside looking out would see their own face staring back in the glass.
Muffled voices floated past the door. Two goons shooting the shit and playing cards. I moved to get a better look and spotted Mike off to the side. He didn't look so good. Eyes so swollen he couldn’t open them. A puffy face covered in blood. Chin resting on chest. Arms taped to the chair he sat in. Unconscious.
—Can you see what I see?
—Yes.
—It looks like Mike will be out of the line of fire once we get positioned. Remember what I told you.
—Keep to the stern. Stay in the shadows. Keep you both out of the line of fire. Breathe.
Sasha sounded detached. Like a robot. Good. She was concentrating on what had to be done. That would keep her from thinking about what could go wrong.
—One more thing.
—What? What now?
She sounded annoyed.
—Safety off.
—Already done. I don't want to spend any more time than I have to playing second fiddle by backing you up.
—Kind of a selfish bitch, aren't you?
The attempt at humor fell flat. Her response came cold and hard.
—You know it.


I halted to listen. Water slapped against the yacht. It would provide minimal cover if we bumped into something. The creaking and groaning against moorings would help. The nattering crew intent on the card game would provide more. So far, they remained clueless about their new passengers.
I moved forward. Sasha followed. I motioned for her to stop.
—Stay.
I could almost hear the silent Screw you I’m not your lapdog. The safety on the AK clicked. Shit. Why was she putting the safety on? This might not go as smooth as I hoped. If the woman was going to puke, I wanted her to do it silently.
I eased forward and moved into the narrow doorway. It gave me a bead on Mike. He was starting to come around. He shook his head and grimaced. His eyes focused for an instant and he got a bloody, crooked grin past his swollen face.
Easy for him. I wasn’t so confident in the outcome as he appeared to be.
I did a quick check on Sasha. She was right where she was supposed to be, barely visible on the stern. I couldn’t tell if she knew Mike was conscious or not. I pulled out my 45. Eased open the door. Stepped down into the cabin. I aimed for the kidnappers and pulled back the hammer.
Dos cabrones recognized the sound immediately. The one sitting across the table jumped up, dumped it, and dropped to the deck. I cold-cocked the man in front of me and he slid off the chair. He dropped like a side of beef in a cooler.
I fired a round through the table. It shattered and split, revealing the man crouched on the floor.
—Get up. Put your hands on your head. Turn around and get down on your knees.
I pulled out a knife and slit the tape securing Mike's arms. I helped him up and moved in front. On the way by, I smacked the only cabrón left standing on the head with the butt of the 45. He joined his compadre resting on the deck. I hoped the two sides of beef wouldn't spoil in the heat.
Mike’s face was a mess of dried blood. Swollen almost beyond recognition. His breathing labored. Good for nothing. I’d have to carry him.
—Only two?
He managed a nod and grunted as I helped him up the steps. In the darkness, Sasha gasped. Mike heard her and perked up, but only a little. He wheezed out her name.
—Sasha.
—Yes.
He nodded again. Whether his wounds came from the plane nosing over when it smacked the beach or from beatings, I couldn’t tell. It didn’t matter. He was free. I put an arm around to help him onto the deck. He groaned louder than I wanted him to. Broken ribs, probably.
—Can you walk?
Mike nodded assent, but I wasn’t so confident. He’d never make it off the dock under his own power. He couldn’t talk, but I wasn't about to waste time asking questions. I did the best I could to get him on deck and onto the dock without shaking him up too much.
This whole exercise was still too easy.
Sasha remained on board long enough to cover the card sharks napping below deck. Mike and I got settled on the dock and she caught up. She kept to the rear. Just like we talked it out.
It was all good.
Ten feet.
It was a long, slow go with the injured Mike.
Fifteen.
Mike’s injuries prevented us from sprinting the length of the dock with our prize in hand.
Twenty-five feet and still going good.
Way too easy. There wasn't a sound. I must have really put those boys on the boat to sleep.
The overhead lights switched on, flooding the dock. It was almost brighter than daylight. It would reveal our position to anyone looking.
—Shit. A timer. I knew it. We're sitting ducks and we're not even in a swamp.
Another hundred to get to the van Barbara had waiting at the head of the wharf. How the hell did she get it past the semi blocking the road?
In another minute, we'd be home free.
Sasha screamed. My hands were full with getting Mike down the dock to the van. She was on her own and by the sound of it, hell-bent on revenge.
—Come out and dance, you bastards. It's time to rock-and-roll!
Sasha peppered the cabin cruiser with everything the AK had. Lead flew. Brass skipped off the dock and splashed into the water. She had to have set the AK to full auto, by accident or on purpose.
Barbara worked the van and backed it onto the wharf. She met us halfway. She got out and came around, intending to help. She called out.
—Mike—
—No. He's fine. Get back in the van. We need you to drive.
The firing halted. I looked back and caught Sasha kneeling. In that instant, I had time for only a quick glance. She fumbled with the magazine in her attempt to flip it.
I managed to let fly with the 45, laying down cover, and then she was back with us. She halted and got down on one knee. The AK barked in her hands. Lead flew and brass spit and flew, clinking and skipping across the wharf.
She regained control of the AK and continued spraying the cruiser from bow to stern with a steady stream of lead.
Then nothing. Silence. Time for the last mag.
I looked back. She was kneeling. This time there was no fumbling, no hesitating. She had it down. There was no need for covering fire. There was nothing I could do but look and admire, if only for a split second.
I couldn't believe Barbara had the van waiting. In another thirty seconds, I'd have Mike loaded. We'd be on the road.
The AK continued spitting lead and coughing brass in Sasha's capable hands. With all of that as a backdrop, I loaded Mike into the van.
I turned back to look. Caught Sasha flinging the empty AK into the water. With Mike safely aboard, I turned a second time to lay down covering fire to make sure she got to the van.
She wasn’t there.
Give credit where credit is due

—The money is gone. The drugs are gone. We're left with nothing but those two losers. I'm glad I threw them off the bus.
—Do I have to remind you what those two losers ended up doing for us?
—No, but you're going to anyway, aren't you?
—You're damned right I am. You're still breathing. So am I. And who exactly kept it that way? I think that deserves some credit. Stop trying to be so tough. Is that too much to ask?
—You always were the soft-hearted one, weren't you?
—Yes, but if you don't do the right thing, I'll definitely be showing you all about being a hard-hearted bitch, girl.
16
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED. A bruised and battered Mike in the back of the van. Barbara tending to him as best she could. Mostly, it took the form of holding him in her arms and looking up at me.
Like I knew what the hell was going on.
—You realize your friend has disappeared, right?
She nodded and went back to looking at Mike.
—Did you notice where she went?
She shook her head.
—What direction? Did she leave with anyone? Was she alone?
—I don’t know. I don’t know. All right?
The woman had been so intent on Mike she lost track of Sasha. I wasn’t innocent, either. Some of the blame was mine.
—I’m guilty, too. I lost sight of her when I was loading Mike into the van. It’s as much my fault.
Sasha was long gone, headed for parts unknown, whether of her own volition or someone else’s. I went with the someone else, considering what we’d just accomplished.
—Where the hell did that woman get to? We’re not leaving this screw-up without her. Get your act together. It's going to take two to figure this out.
Barbara flew into panic mode, distraught and shrieking, as if Mike’s injuries weren’t enough as she realized her friend was the one now gone AWOL.
—She was on the dock. How far could she go? I’ll kill that bitch myself if she doesn't show up.
Those were pretty much my feelings, too.
—I turned to get Mike into the van, thinking she was right behind us. I saw her toss the AK. When I looked again, she was gone.
—Do you think the cabrones on the boat got to her?
—I don't think so. The way she was gunning for that boat, there's no way they would have stuck their heads up for anything.
I backed the van up and turned us south, past the big-rig, back the way we came. Barbara yelled out the window at the driver.
—Don't block the road until we come back.
The trucker leaned out and gave her a huge, shit-eating grin followed by a tug on the air horn that followed us down the empty street.
—That guy is happy to hear from you.
—I'll tell you about it when we have more time.
—Where the hell did that woman go? I looked away for a split second. Goddammit, this is no time for her to go shopping.
The humor fell flat.
—She didn't go past the van. I would have seen her. She has to be somewhere close.
—Then someone grabbed her and took her.
—I didn't hear any cars or trucks. Could they be on foot?
I circled the block, scanning for anything. I came up with nothing until two men appeared, forcing someone into an alley. I took a chance and stopped for a better look.
Doors opened on a white half-ton. Two men forced a familiar-looking woman with long dark hair into the truck. They climbed in on either side and slammed the doors.
The truck raced out of the alley, weaving from one side to the other on the narrow street. It turned and disappeared down a side street. Our top-heavy van rocked and rolled from side-to-side as the engine strained to keep up in the corners. In the back, Mike groaned.
—Sorry buddy. Sasha seems to have disappeared on us.
—I knew that woman was going to be trouble, Delaney.
Mike’s faint voice barely got the words past swollen lips. He made a good try at a shit-eater, but the effort turned into a grimace and then a groan.
—She’s in that truck.
The men had Sasha in the front, between them. They had to be regretting it. The truck swayed from side to side on the narrow street. It bounced off a wooden pole before climbing the curb and crossing a sidewalk. It went up a short flight of stairs and slammed hard into the wooden door of a church.
Mike could add one more to his count.
I stood on the brakes. The van screeched and groaned to a halt behind the smoking wreck. Sasha scrambled to climb over the unconscious driver. She was halfway out the door as the truck reversed down the stairs. Trapped, she hopped down the steps on one foot, keeping up as the truck banged into the side of the van.
The impact threw her clear. She slammed into the street flat on her back. She didn’t move.
Barbara’s vaunted resale value had just taken a massive dive.
The driver came to as Sasha stood. Wobbling on her feet, she reached for the truck to steady her. The man made a grab, connected, and began pulling a furiously kicking woman back into the wreck. A roundhouse punch to her face brought the scratching and gouging to an abrupt end.
I turned to Barbara.
—Where's the shotgun?
—I threw it in the back. It's there somewhere.
—I'll need the shells if we're going to get Sasha out of that truck.
—There's two. I think they're still in it. I got scared when I heard the gunfire on the dock.
—Me too. Funny about that, isn't it?
I slipped the action on the 45. One left. I figured on two in the shotty, and grabbed it. There was no time to check. I yanked open the truck’s door. The two in the truck were the same two we dropped on the back side of the hill. I wasn’t feeling generous with mercy.
The shotgun exploded in the confines of the truck’s cab. I handed one to the driver. Another for the passenger. I didn't need to count.
Sasha was out cold from the fist that decorated her swollen, bleeding face. I dragged her past the driver and out the door. I picked her up. She was dead weight in my arms.
—Thanks, partner.
Not quite dead. Her words slurred.
—Are you pretending or lazy?
—A little of both. I wanted to find out if you still cared.
—Damn you, woman. The next time you want to go shopping, you'd better take me with you. Or else.
—Or else what? You only want to see me naked one last time before you kick me to the curb.
—You're pretty talkative for a woman who just had the shit kicked out of her. And yes, that would be nice. I'll need a paper bag to cover up that mess attached to your shoulders.
She gasped and giggled and protested in a little girl voice.
—Don't make me laugh. My ribs can't take it.
—So then, you’re happy to see me after all.
I loaded Sasha into the waiting van beside Mike. Barbara was already behind the wheel.
—We're two for two. It's time to go while the getting is good. We need to head north right now.
She u-turned and pointed the van at the semi.
—What the hell is this? You said he'd wait for us.
This didn’t look good. Someone moved the semi. It blocked the road in front of us.
—That's not right. So much for the plan.
The van’s headlights played over a body face-down in the ditch.
—There's our answer.
Two men guarded the front and rear of the semi. They sported AKs, and they didn't look happy. In fact, they looked downright mean.
—Shit. Stop the van. Do those two look familiar? 
—I know them. We're in more trouble than we ever bargained for. We'll have to give it up. If we're lucky, they'll let us get out with our lives.
—We're out-gunned. There's nowhere to go. We can't turn back. It'll take some cojones to talk us out of this one and get our asses past that truck in one piece.
—Let me handle it, Harry. One wrong word and they'll blow us away.
Barbara eased the van up to the semi.
—Hola.
I poked the shotgun out the side window, but the empty barrels were all show and no go. It wouldn't do any good to pull the trigger on an empty chamber. I eased the 45 from behind my back and placed it on the console.
—We have to bluff our way out of this. Right now.
The fat one waddled up to the van.
—Gringa, we need the drugs.
—They're in the back of the van. I'll get them.
She raised the gate and emptied the compartment. She began arguing with the gunman in loud and fluent Spanish. We were all in deep shit. Then it hit me. She could be negotiating a deal for two of us.
I figured I already knew which two.


A smiling Barbara walked around the van and opened the door. I followed her in the mirror. Was she about to hand me over as the price to pay for getting away free and clear?
—Well, cowgirl, what now?
—They have our drugs. They promised me they'll let us live.
Yeah, and I’ll be getting a yacht for Christmas just like the one we shot up.
—I don't know about you, but that's not enough for me. I have a plan.
—Too bad Sasha isn't awake to hear that.
—You can tell her all about it. There's one left in the 45. It's time to get down to business.
—That solves half the problem. What about the other half?
She tipped her head towards the two men positioning themselves on either side of the van. In the back, Sasha and Mike groaned in stereo.
—I think she’s coming around again.
I’d be able to spank that damned woman as soon as we got our asses out of the mess we found ourselves in.
—On your way see if you can steer this crate into the one on your side. That'll get me a clear shot at his partner on the right. What do you say?
—You want to wreck my pride and joy, don't you?
She must have slept through the huge dent in the side of her van.
—It's that or we're done. I don't know what kind of deal you worked out, but I don't trust them.
—I'm a California driver. I can put him up against that trailer so hard he won't make it to tomorrow.
—Then do it and duck. Whatever you do, don't stop. Keep your foot flat on the gas. I'll steer when the time comes.
She did and I did and the 45 barked. We were home free. I tossed the useless weapon out the window.
Next stop, Ensenada.
17
BARBARA WOULDN’T ALLOW ME to take over driving duties for her once-prized van. I talked fast, but it didn’t do any good. She insisted on navigating north through the treacherous, winding uphill road paved with Mexican good intentions and filled with hairpin turns that threatened the underpowered van.
Undeterred, she leaned over the wheel and peered past the windshield into the black asphalt abyss, barely illuminated by the remaining feeble headlight. The dark road sucked up the light like a sponge. On the crest of a hill far north of Santa Agueda she pulled to the side of the road. In the distance, lights illuminated the wharf.
The door flew open and she rushed to exit the van like we were doing a Chinese fire drill. I hurried to take over the seat behind the wheel. I had no idea what we had left in our wake. I was happy to have Santa Agenda's lights in what remained of the mirrors. We couldn’t know what might wait farther up the road. For now, at least, no one chased after us.
The woman gasped for air and threw up. She took the proffered water bottle and swallowed greedy mouthfuls.
—You think we’re free and clear, Harry?
She didn’t give me time to respond.
—I don’t think anyone would be stupid enough to try those turns in the dark with no headlights.
Maybe she never heard of Mexican drivers. I thought it strange, given the time she and Sasha had spent driving the Baja.
For the moment, we were home free. In hours we'd be living it up in Ensenada, where we could rest up before crossing the border. Mike and Sasha needed time to mend. Provided we could find a place that didn't ask questions, that is. We’d be able to hole up for a couple of days.
Reminded of what I didn't want to think about, I turned to Barbara in the back and asked about our passengers.
—Sasha is okay. Her face is beat up, but she'll be as good as new in a week. I'm not so sure about Mike.
Neither was I.
—He didn’t sound good when I helped him off the boat. He's got a broken rib or two. Maybe bones broken in his face. I need to get him looked at once we cross the line.
Or maybe even before we left Ensenada, just to be on the safe side.
—How long do you think we need to stay in Ensenada?
—Maybe two days. I’ll try to get Mike to a doctor while we’re holed up. I don't want him dying on us now.
The woman looked panic-stricken at the mention of Mike dying.
—I don't want him to die either. Could we get him to an emergency room for a quick look?
—That works for me. What about Sasha?
—She's moving around on her own. Her face is swollen and bruised and she might have a few loose teeth, but she'll be all right after some rest. Her pride is probably hurt more than anything else.
—You should get back to Mike.
I could tell she was itching to do that by the way she kept looking at him.


The events of the past couple of days were eating at me. Ever since we hooked up with these women, everything had gone steadily south. We were on the down-hill, and it was no toboggan ride.
Could their luck be even worse than ours? And if it was, why did it have to be passed on to us like a disease? Nothing added up since the two of them pulled into my campsite. And that was only days ago, even if it seemed like a week.
I was in the dark in more ways than one. It was Barbara's turn in the hot seat, and she wouldn’t be happy about it. After what went down in Santa Agueda, I knew everything that led up to it was squarely on their shoulders.
No matter how fast and loose Barbara tried to sweet-talk me, she couldn't deny it by any stretch. Bullshit baffles brains. Well, not this time. I wanted an explanation, and I wasn't about to wait for one. I pulled the van off the road and climbed in the back to check on Mike and Sasha.
At least, that was my excuse.


Barbara cradled Mike's head in her lap. He was sleeping or passed out again. If ever I knew anything about women, it told me she cared. I’d use it to learn what I could.
—We have to wake him up regularly. If he has a concussion—
—I know. I just did that. He hasn’t made any noise yet.
—What about Sasha?
—She’s okay. Don’t worry about her.
With these two, I was more concerned about Mike and myself and the chances of getting our asses out of the Mexican R&R we were so happy to find ourselves in after departing North Africa in a hurry. It wasn’t a footloose and happy R&R now.
—Are you going to tell me what the hell that was back there? It's been a hundred miles, and I deserve more than what I've been getting.
I hadn’t been getting anything. Barbara had to believe that loose lips sink ships. Or, in our case, yachts.
—Sasha can tell it better than I can.
—Yeah, and she’s not talking.
In fact, I suspected she might be playing possum for her own benefit.
—Sasha might be mute. Or maybe she’s pretending. Otherwise, this rig would be parked on the side of the road a lot sooner. She'd be the one getting the third degree.
Barbara sighed, as though resigned to being forced to come up with the truth.
—You won’t like what you hear. That's why I want you to hear it from Sasha.
No way was I about to let Barbara off that easily. The woman owed me, big time.
—After what we've been through to collect Mike and your friend, I think I can take it. Talk.
She mumbled something and smiled a crooked, insincere smile and I wanted to hit her for putting us into whatever it had been that we found ourselves in.
I couldn’t do that. I held back and waited instead.


It took a while. Eventually, Barbara loosened up and started making sense.
—We've been running drugs up the Baja for almost two years. We've done about a dozen trips. It's getting to where we're running out of places to cross without raising suspicion.
Sasha told me something similar. Barbara had just confirmed it.
—The meet-up on the beach. When you pulled into my campsite. Was that chance?
—Yes. It was.
It was the same story I had from Sasha. I had already figured it couldn’t have been any other way. No one knew Mike and I would meet there.
—Who were the men chasing you on the beach? Mike and I thought they were after us.
—It's where we pick up our loads. We plan to meet our supplier there. They must have thought you were in on it with us.
—In on it? In on what? What do you mean?
—This was supposed to be our last trip. We loaded up with everything we could get our hands on and headed north. The pickup on the beach was supposed to be a bonus. Unfortunately, someone was paying attention and caught on to us. You and Mike were collateral damage. At Coronado we tried to drag you into it. We thought it would help us get away.
—How did that work out for you?
—It worked out until we started having feelings for you. Until that happened, we didn't care one bit.
—Where did you learn your Spanish?
—My mother is Hispanic.
It was my turn to sigh.
—I know Mike well enough. He won't like finding out he's been played for a sucker. Especially given his present condition. When he learns why he's in the shape he's in, I'd want to be somewhere else if I was you.
—What more can I say? We know we were wrong.
But did they? I had my doubts. I let it go. At least I had a glimmer of what the hell had been going on. They played us for patsies. Given that Mike's present condition resulted from all the bullshit, he'd like it even less than me.
—Drive, woman. Plan on stopping in Ensenada. Those two need time to heal. And I need to get Mike to a doctor.
Dead quiet reigned in the van for a lot of miles. I rode in silence in the back, waking Mike from time to time and checking on Sasha.
—Before we get there, we need to dump the firearms. You know the road. Pick a spot to pull off when you feel like it.


The van’s single weak headlight squinted into the rough trail, illuminating almost nothing. We bounced and kicked up dust on the way to a clearing surrounded by low brush. Barbara flipped off the headlights. It was pitch black.
—Do we need to remember this place?
I gathered the firearms and tossed them out the door.
—Not unless you plan on the four of us having a reunion any time soon. Do you?
I grabbed the tire iron and softened the dirt. I dug a shallow trench and used my boot to deepen it. I dropped the weapons and kicked at the sand to cover everything.
—I guess not. Do you think Mike will be angry with me?
So she had been thinking about consequences. Better late than never.
—I don't know. The two of you are going to have to work it out on your own. I don’t need to be dragged into it. Right now, I don't think he's too concerned with it. He needs to heal. You'll have to wait until he knows what happened.
I sure as hell wouldn’t be holding back on that.

We limped into Ensenada in late afternoon. I checked us into a seedy hotel where no one asked questions. Barbara helped me carry Mike upstairs. She went back to the van to help Sasha limp along. At least we had actual beds to sleep in.
We took turns running food, bandages and splints for the injured. I let Barbara tend to the cuts, scrapes, and bruises left over. While our patients slept, we wandered down the block for beer and margaritas.
—You're not going to volunteer any more than you already have, are you?
Why wasn’t I surprised?
—I told you. I'm going to leave that up to Sasha. If she wants to tell you, she will.
I wanted to hear more about their escapades on the Baja. I wouldn’t be getting it from this one. They were too loyal to each other. No way would Barbara talk past what she’d already revealed. I had to admire her for that, even if Mike’s condition had been the result.
Getting across the border would be our next problem. The bonus was that it wouldn’t have the same urgency as when the van was loaded with coca and bales of dope.
—We shouldn't have any problem with the border at Tj now. Even if the dog jumps on us, we've got nothing, right?
—I didn’t stash anything for a rainy day. I don't know if Sasha did or not. We'd better remember to ask her before we head out.
Sasha chose that moment to show us she was paying attention.
—What are you two worrying about now?
Finally.
—We'll be crossing at Tj. Barbara says she didn't stash anything in the van. We need to know if you did.
—Not an ounce. I'm busted flat.
—Maybe not so much.
She stifled a giggle.
—Christ, don't make me laugh. You're still trying to kill me even now, aren't you?
—If Barbara hadn't filled me in on your escapades, I'd definitely want to kill you. Now that's done with. I think we all paid our dues. I might put you over my knee, though.
She ignored me.
—I can smell the border in that shithole Tj. How's Mike doing?
—He's in and out since we got away from Santa Agueda. His lucid periods are getting longer. I'd say another day and we can go for it.
—That should be easy enough. What have we got to our advantage?
—Nothing. Who wants out?
Mike’s groaning through his cracked ribs overtook the laughter. There was one last question I had for Barbara.
—How did you get that trucker to block the highway for us? Did you use the shotty?
—Hell no. The driver was from L.A. I climbed in and told him I'd show him my tits if he'd pull across the road. Then I figured I'd park the van off the end of the dock to make it easier for the three of you. I climbed back in and asked him if he wanted a second look. When he turned on the light, I knew I had him.
Mike was awake and paying attention now.
—They are nice.
—I'll have to agree with you on that.
Barbara smacked me on the back of the head, but that was all right with me. Even Mike got into it.
—You never could resist a look, could you?
—Nope. And neither could you.
—You're right. Sasha has a nice rack too, but somehow I don't think she's going to be showing me the goods.
I already knew Sasha wouldn't let that slide even if she was beat up and hurting.
—Will you guys cool it with the comments about my breasts? Our breasts? It's enough to give us a complex. If you want to keep on getting an occasional look, you both better start showing some respect. And no, that doesn't mean you'll be getting a look, Mike. It's only an expression.
I couldn’t argue with that.
—Better you're here listening to us fantasize than for us to have left you giving a lap dance to your newfound amigos in the half-ton.
I had one more thing to add.
—You do sound kind of cute when you lisp.
18
THREE DAYS IN ENSENADA and plenty of beer flushed the last of the adrenalin that had constantly pumped through all of us since the adventure began in Coronado. I spent the time getting to know Barbara, and then Sasha when she felt up to coming with us.
Hussong’s became a favorite with one or the other after each tossed the coin to determine who remained behind with Mike. More often than not, Barbara volunteered. That left me with Sasha to tour the bars. We ended up doing a lot of drinking.
We were all eager to return to the boring sanity we had attempted to escape when we departed on our separate adventures. After what happened, none of us would be signing up for more fun in the sun any time soon. We were looking forward to the border and refuge.
Only days before, we feared it. Empty-handed, we hadn’t the slightest care. We looked forward to crossing the line and getting on with our lives.
Five days later, we piled into the graffiti-covered van stashed behind the hotel. It started without a hitch and Sasha steered us into the street. We headed north.
—Last chance to change our minds coming up. Who wants to back out?
Nervous laughter followed by silence wasn’t what I expected. Barbara and Mike huddled together in the back, whispering I don’t know what to each other. Maybe they were making a pact to reunite at some future date and location. If it involved Mexico I hoped the man wouldn’t try to talk me into it.
Ten miles short of the line, Sasha called to Barbara to come up front. Just like that, I was relegated to the back of the bus. I sat down beside Mike and we gave each another a look that said trouble.
After more than a few miles, we decided the trouble lay behind, not in front.


By the time we hit the border and the lineup, we were hyped. There wasn’t much talk during the long wait within the confines of the van. Cursory questioning and what must have been satisfactory answers resulted in a friendly wave through with hardly a glance inside. Crazy Town's Butterfly boomed through the speakers, serenading us as they waved us through.
—How easy was that?
No answer. They were talked out. The deal was done. Mike and I grinned. We were just happy to be here. I don't know about the two up front, but I figured they should be pretty happy, too. The van slowed and stopped by an exit ramp a couple of miles north of the border.
—Why are you pulling over in the middle of the 5?
Cars whooshed past, rocking the boxy van on the side of the freeway. Sasha’s eyes reflected in the mirror, cold and unforgiving.
—It's time for you and Mike to get out.
—What? In the middle of an off-ramp on the 5? In San Diego?
Where the hell did this come from? We wouldn't even be able to hitch a ride.
—We kept you two alive and brought you this far for this? That's just harsh.
—That's the way it is, cowboys. Get out. It’s time to find your way.
Damned if I was going to beg. I helped Mike limp out of the van. Barbara got out, but all she could do was hold up her hands in frustration and look like she wanted to die. Sasha scrambled into the back. She tossed our bags out the door and slammed it shut with happy energy.
—Get in, Barbara. It’s time.
She crawled back into the driver’s seat and accelerated away, fleeing down the exit lane from the sight of the indignity she’d committed. I helped Mike pick up his bag, and we began pounding the pavement on the side of the expressway.
—This isn't the first time someone has kicked us to the curb. All we need is a ride in exchange for a sad story and we'll be back on top of the world.
—Yeah, and I've heard that sorry tale before, too. I think another tour of North Africa is in order. I heard there are rubies to be had. Let’s look for a phone booth somewhere and I'll make the call.
—I wonder when the two of them came up with the plan to abandon us on the side of the road like a couple of dogs?
—I don't think two people worked it out, Harry. I think it was only one. What did you do to piss off Sasha?
—Screw it. We're wasting time out here in the boonies. Let’s find a phone. If we're lucky, whoever we can bullshit on the other end will wire us cash for plane tickets. We’ll be crying in beer paid for by someone else before we know it.
Far ahead of us on the freeway, a flurry of brake lights flashed and a van cut over onto the shoulder. It began backing up.
—Come on, Mike. Let's get it together. Someone has had a change of heart.
I picked up the pace and quick-stepped down the freeway as fast as I could. Mike had trouble keeping up.
—You're slowing me down, buddy. I don't want to miss the explanation for this fiasco because you can't run.
—Don't bullshit me. You're hoping to see Sasha naked one last time before she kicks you to the curb in person.
—Not this time. Now get a move on, or we'll both be late to the dance.



PART TWO
Pilot Wanted
19
Pilot for Pilatus Porter PT-6 STOL. 1,000 hours turbine time on type required. Mountain, jungle, desert experience definite asset. Rotation three weeks on/one off. Paid in/out. Cable ZANZIBAR.

MIKE WILLIAMS FLIPPED the newspaper across the table.
—Did you see this? It looks like it could be somewhere in Africa.
Harry Delaney picked up the paper. He studied the ad for too long before tossing it back to his friend. Mike took a second look, folded it, and passed it back.
—Somebody must have pull. An ad for a pilot in the International Times isn’t something you see very often.
The Times rarely carried specialized job ads. It was a three-times-a-week paper for expats wanting to get caught up on the news from around the world.
—And a cable address. It has to be out in the boonies—or off the edge of the map.
Mike regarded Harry and nodded.
—Just what you’re looking for.
It was true. Harry had become bored with his present job. It was getting to be too tame for his liking. The difficult flying was done. What remained on the contract was fast becoming routine.
—If it hasn’t been filled, consider the cable sent.
He tore the ad out and pocketed it.
—Don’t forget your old friend.
Harry knew Mike shared his feelings for the job they were doing. It was time for change. The problem would be to find replacements, but it wouldn’t be their problem. It would be someone else’s.
—I’ll let you know when I get there.
20
East Africa - 10 years ago

HARRY DELANEY’S REPUTATION preceded him. The job flying the Porter fell into place. After a time, he was doing so much flying he became almost too busy to do the aircraft engineer’s job. Misery loves company, and Harry felt a need to share some of it with Mike Williams. After repeated attempts at overseas calls from the rat-hole where he was forced to spend his time off, he finally connected with Mike.
—Your presence is requested.
Harry grinned into the phone. Mike wouldn’t be any the wiser, at least until he arrived.
—What have you got for me?
—One beat-up, timed-out, tired pile of aluminum. But you know what? It’s still flying and so am I.
—Well then, I won’t need to be around much to work on it, will I?
—I wouldn’t say that. But don’t take my word for it. You’ll find out everything you need to know when you get here.
And that was more than the truth.
—I can’t wait.
—In that case, let me know when you’re arriving and I’ll meet you.


Mike Williams hadn’t been able to secure a room in the small, single-story hotel. He tried, even offering baksheesh, a bribe. The refusal was unusual in this part of the world. Come closing time, another offer of cash up-front guaranteed him a reserved spot. He spent a restless night atop the sketchy hotel’s cheap wooden bar-top with his duffel for a pillow. Morning arrived and brought with it a queasy stomach. Thinking he might throw up, he rushed outside to gulp fresh air.
The high-pitched whine of a PT-6 engine in full reverse and the cloud of red dust it produced announced Harry’s arrival at the airstrip almost on top of the hotel bar. The plane slowed and stopped. If Harry saw him puke, he’d never hear the end of it, even if the bar where he spent the night was an adventure.
He picked up his duffel and tool kit and walked over to the Pilatus and its idling engine parked beside the outbuilding. Paint faded from too much time spent in the hot, dry climate greeted him. He swung open the pilot-side door. Harry yelled over the turbine whining at ground idle.
—Throw your tools in the back and hang on.
The cargo compartment was empty but for a stainless steel floorboard. There were no seats or belts.
—That’s an understatement. Where’s my seat belt?
—I’m the only one that gets the luxury of a belt unless you want up front.
—Thanks. I always wondered what it was like to fly first class.
Mike climbed up to join Harry in the cabin. He took the right seat in the Pilatus before strapping in. He looked over at Harry and grinned.
—If you thought I was going to get into the back of this tin can, you’re sadly misinformed.
—Don’t worry. It was only a test.
The duo low-fived before Mike turned to look past the jury-rigged canvas divider into the sparse cargo deck a second time. He wanted to confirm what he saw the first time. Seats and belts were missing. Outfitted for cargo-only, the cargo deck was stripped of every piece of useless weight. The floor was protected by a thin layer of aluminum cut to size and bolted down.
—Christ, Harry, it was no lie when you said she was a beat-up, ugly pile of flying junk.
—Yes, but think of the experience you’ll be able to put on your work history.
—Yeah, that’ll go a long way in this business, all right.
—I can tell you’re impressed with the utility configuration. You should have seen her before I showed up.
The Porter was a purpose-built aircraft, manufactured in Switzerland for high-altitude mountain work. It was in high demand for its load-carrying ability at lower altitudes and hot temperatures, too. With an experienced pilot at the helm, it could get into and out of landing areas where a helicopter was too expensive.
Harry dialed in eight turns of flap, stood on the brakes, and pulled the column full aft. An immense cloud of dust and dirt collected behind the plane and drifted towards the hotel and its bar thanks to the noisy propeller’s huge bite.
He pushed right rudder to counter the massive amount of torque the PT-6 put out as he advanced the throttle on the single-engine plane. He looked left. Mike called clear right. The brakes released.
Harry rotated the Pilatus onto the tail-wheel and became airborne in 200 feet. He set the climb rate and the old friends settled into an easy banter that had developed along with their friendship over the years.
—What took you so long to get off the ground?
—The fuel control needs some tweaking. I tried, but that’s the best I could do. Besides, that’s why you’re here.
—How long to camp?
—About an hour.
—Plenty of time.
Harry leveled the plane and set up for cruise. He began bringing Mike up to speed on the operation.
—I fly out ivory and tanzanite and the occasional ruby in exchange for arms or whatever else will fit into this crate on the back-haul. Money fits, too. Lots of it.
—That’s it?
Harry looked across at Mike.
—Well, not exactly. I pack this thing with six or ten people every now and again. It’s my job to make sure they get to where they need to be. It’s what keeps my people-handling skills from deteriorating.
—That’ll be the day. Where’s the base?
—Everywhere and nowhere. We work out of uncharted landing strips, so to speak.
—A true bush operation.
—If you only knew.
—I suspect I’m about to find out.
Mike settled back in the seat and closed his eyes. Hungover as he was, there was no sense wasting good sleep time. He suspected he wouldn’t get much once he arrived at the bush camp.


Harry elbowed Mike in the ribs. He woke up and blinked before examining the gauges. Satisfied everything was in the green, he turned his gaze out the window.
—Is that it?
—We’re here. Strap in and hang on.
Harry reached to check flaps zero to prepare for the short-field landing. When the strip disappeared under the nose, he throttled back, put the prop into Beta and stuffed the nose into a 45-degree angle. Pitch warning and reverse/Beta range warning lamps came alive on the panel.
Just before touchdown, he flared for a three-point landing. With wheels on the ground and the prop in reverse pitch, he had the turbine-engine Porter stopped in 200 feet.
—It feels like the brakes are shot, too.
—You could probably look at them when you get a chance. You’ll find plenty of spares. Whoever heads up this disaster doesn't scrimp on aircraft parts.
Harry held the column full aft and taxied the Porter to its spot on the side of the strip. He used the engine and the variable-pitch propeller to back it under the tree canopy before shutting down.
Mike used the time waiting for the prop to halt to rest his head against the seat-back.
—Rough night?
—Only if you consider the room and the bed I paid for on the hotel bar.
Harry laughed. He was accustomed to Mike’s antics by now.
—Give me some help to manhandle this thing.
The pair exited the Pilatus onto solid ground.
—You never told me the job required actual physical labor.
They arranged the Pilatus under the bush cover. Mike helped string the camo netting to ensure invisibility. When they finished, he looked around at the campsite. The dark-colored tents sat off to the side of the strip beneath the canopy. More camo nets covered them. There were no vehicles.
No people, either.
—What are the living arrangements?
—We’ll be sharing quarters. Laundry is done every day. Just leave your clothes on the foot of the bed. At the end of the day, you’ll get them back, cleaned and pressed. Clean sheets, bed made, floor swept. Your job is to keep that thing in the air for me. Once in a while you’ll get to eat and sleep, too.
—How much time do I have?
—I told them you’d have the plane tied up until tomorrow morning. They weren’t happy about it, but I’m the only one here who can fly it. You make two, but I didn’t tell them that.
—In that case, take my bag to the tent for me. I’m going to be busy until dark. When’s your next flight?
—Tomorrow in the a.m.
—Do we have any lighting?
—There’s a small generator and a couple of trouble lights if you get desperate. I’d advise against using any light after dark. It’s liable to bring down rain from hell.
That didn’t bother Mike in the slightest.
—In that case, give me a hand getting set up and then you can disappear.
—One more thing, before I forget.
Mike regarded Harry.
—What’s that?
—You mentioned disappearing. Don’t walk past the perimeter after dark. Ever.


Mike went to work on the Porter. He pulled the cowlings to open the Pilatus PT-6's engine compartment. It was clean. No oil leaks evident. No fuel weeping, either. It appeared as though Harry had been working on it to keep it that way. He’d ask later to be sure. The prop seals were good. Fuel and filters were clean—no fungus, at least.
He cleaned up the accumulated dust and grime and lubed the brake controls as best he could. It would stop on a dime now. He chocked the wheels before pulling back the camouflage netting. He went through the start sequence, pushed the igniter, and the engine obeyed its start limits. He set it to ground idle, allowing it to warm to operating temperatures. When he was satisfied, he stood on the brakes and advanced the throttle.
A quick check of the gauges showed a limit that didn’t look good. Not wanting to chance it with the normally reliable PT-6, he shut down right away. He searched through boxes stacked under the wings and came up with a set of cargo-compartment seat belts and a fuel control unit. By the time he finished, it was dark.
Without light, he couldn’t do more. The run-up and test flights would have to wait. It was time to eat. Mike ambled over to what he figured was the cook tent and pushed through the flap. Two huge camo-wearing men glared at him with surly looks. Beside them, automatic weapons leaned against the table.
—Greetings, gentlemen.
The answer-back was accented—the first South African; the second, Belgian by the sound of it. Mercs. Mercenaries. Dogs of war.
—How’s the grub?
—It’s okay, but we can’t talk the pilot into back-hauling enough to make us happy.
He’d be able to solve that problem easily enough. His solution would give him a leg up once the eats arrived. He figured that keeping these guys happy would be the least of his worries. He sat down across from the mercs.
—Have I got a deal for you.
21
MIKE ROSE BEFORE SUNRISE to finish Harry’s snag list. He chanced a light, and, happy with his work, put his tools away. He fueled the Porter with minimums in mind. He pulled off the netting and stowed it before patting the wad of cash stuffed in his pocket.
He had everything he needed.
Satisfied, he climbed into the cockpit to do his engine run-up and complete his test flight. He looked over his shoulder for stowaways and came up empty. It was an old habit on some of these bush jobs.
Last night during his confab with the mercs, he got them to agree not to shoot him out of the sky on the test flight. At least, that was his story, and so far, everyone looked to be sticking to it.
He taxied the Pilatus out of the bush shelter in the dark. By the time he positioned on the end of the strip, the PT-6 was warmed and ready to go. He brake-turned into the brisk wind blowing straight down the makeshift rough and rocky bush strip. He cranked in eight turns of take-off flap and pulled the stick full aft.
The way forward was clear. He looked right and then left to the tents. A few of the mercs lined up, perhaps not expecting to see the plane on the runway with Harry still drinking coffee in the mess tent.
He firewalled the throttle and pushed right rudder at the same time to overcome the huge input of torque generated by the 550-horsepower engine. The nose pointed straight down the runway. Minus rudder input, the Porter would be headed toward the tents on the left.
The Porter shimmied and shook, resembling a powerful racehorse ready to bolt. He released the brakes, and thanks to the wind straight down the runway, the plane jumped into the sky. Super-light, the main gear came off the ground. He rotated on the tail wheel. The Porter became airborne in fifteen feet.
If that didn’t leave them clapping, nothing would.
At 500 feet, he dialed in a thousand-feet-per-minute climb and had the Pilatus at altitude in jig time. He backtracked on yesterday’s route into camp, setting the DG and tuning the ADF to the local radio station.
He was on his way to delivering the riches he had promised the mercs.


Harry didn’t need to check his watch when Mike and the Porter didn’t show up following what was supposed to be a routine test flight. When it finally returned, he was pretty sure the Porter would have a load of fresh grub on board.
No matter where he was in the world, food and having enough of it was a constant complaint in every bush camp he had ever been in. Even on the off chance the cook might be a former five-star chef on the outs, everything revolved around food and whether they were getting the best they could.
With nothing to do while he waited out Mike, he eavesdropped on the grumbling around the breakfast table. His friend was taking a verbal beating for keeping the mercs from making their rounds. They had grown accustomed to completing their aerial recons first thing in the morning while campfire smoke still floated over the bush.
The mining consortium depended on the mercs to keep anyone and everyone from interrupting or halting the profit of the mining operations. It was a full-time job. The dozen mercs were broken up into two or more teams. Each team had a responsibility to perform clean-up ops in the region.
The bitch session came to an abrupt end when the Pilatus on noisy final drew the attention of the mercs. They shouldered their equipment and headed single-file to the strip.
Harry stayed put to watch the show as they dropped their weapons to unload boxes, bags, containers, fresh fruit and vegetables. All of it ended up at the kitchen, carried there by the sweating mercs.
Two AKs complete with packs stuffed with ammunition and magazines, delivered in person by Mike, was the last of it. He dropped the goods on the table.
—What are you planning on doing with those?
—I made a bargain with the devil last night. All I had to do was come up with the equipment. Fresh food and plenty of it in exchange for small-arms training. In this job, I figure one day we might need it.
—I was wanting to do something about that, but I kept putting it off. You’re right. It’s overdue. We could both use the training.
—There’s no reason to put it off now. You can thank me later when you get stranded out there some day. They'll throw in an RPG lesson for free.
—Here?
—Hell no. When we get back to civilization on an R&R.
—So then, you’re telling me that my next R&R will be spent doing weapons training.
—You betcha, buddy. Like I said, thank me later.
—I’m not doing laps.
Mike grinned across the table.
—Yeah. Until you find a woman to chase. Then you’ll be doing the laps.
—Is that what they call it back in civilization now?


The flying became routine and relaxed after Mike’s arrival. He took over the chore of maintaining the Pilatus. Working steadily, Mike cleared the entire snag list in a couple of days. To ease the boredom, we took turns flying the recon missions. With the Porter in good condition and the engine operating at its peak, positioning the mercs at the bush strips proved to be a lot less nerve-wracking.
Every ten days, a flight into town saw that the kitchen was outfitted with fresh grub and beer. The mercs were grateful, and when six of them flew out for an R&R, they convinced us to start our weapons training regimen. Before long, our own bitch sessions began.
—Christ, Mike, these guys are treating us more like a legionnaire brigade than a guy with a rifle.
We huffed and puffed to keep up with the mercs on every run.
—Maybe, but just think of the many ways you’ll be able to talk yourself out of being kidnapped with an RPG backed up with an AK and grenades.
—It won’t hurt to have the know-how. The single merc they leave with us when we’re parked out on those strips will be grateful for the extra firepower.
—Especially if we know how to load and fire. That plane is their lifeblood. It’s ours, too. Destroy it, and we’ll all be royally screwed in this place.
—You’re right. We definitely don’t have any friends out there.
—Let’s get a shave, shower and shoe-shine. I have it on good authority that the bar in this rathole is a real treat.
—Really? Whose authority?
Mike grinned a shit-eater.
—Mine.
22
Present Day - Canada


HARRY DELANEY LOOKED around at the three corporate jets dwarfing him in Mike Williams’ enormous hangar. They were gleaming white spectacles indicative of the stature his old friend had gained as he climbed towards the top of corporate aviation’s ladder. It was plainly obvious that Mike’s business was no fly-by-night operation.
—Well, what do you think?
He glanced at Mike and smiled.
—I think you’re into it up to your neck.
—I have to admit it’s unusual to have them here all at once. This is a rare occurrence.
—Those 300s are nice. How many aircraft are you operating for the oil patch?
—All of them. The Twin Otters are up at our northern base.
—How do you fill vacancies for the jets?
—We don’t very often. Once a pilot gets into one of those beauties, they pretty much stick it out.
—What about the Twin Otter drivers?
—They’re all experienced old-timers. If we get a new hire, he or she will get into the right seat with an experienced Captain for a long-term evaluation before we put one of them in a pilot-in-command role.
—That’s the way to do it.
Mike nodded. Harry was just as knowledgeable as he was.
—By the time I get my hands on them they’re fed up with living in the bush or the desert or the arctic. By then, they’ve got a ton of flight time in a variety of operations and aircraft. Most of them are IFR-rated.
—The oil business can be chancy. By the look of it, you’re doing all right.
—We’re making good money. We don’t have to go begging to get paid. The blue-eyed Arabs pay their bills on time. It’s not like the old days any more.
—Yes, I know them well. I’m still living in the old days.
—You also know you’ve got a job here if you want it.
Mike had been trying forever to talk Harry into coming to work for him.
—I’m not ready yet. One day.
—Then if you’re done with your base inspection, it’s time we headed to the house.
They grinned together, both knowing the other was just as stubborn.
—Are you still in the same place?
—Christ, Harry, you should get home more often. No, we moved two years ago.
—Right, I knew that. I just forgot, is all.
He didn’t remember, but he didn’t let on.
—Just so you know, Barbara invited Sasha and Christa.
Mike wanted to prepare Harry before he saw his ex-wife and daughter at his home. He knew they got along, but even so, he knew not to blind-side his old friend.
—They know you’ll be there. That’s why they’re coming.
—Is she still with that oil guy?
—Gene? Yeah. He’s with CAN-AL Oil, one of our biggest customers. They’re all over the world. He might be at the house, too. It’s time you met him. He’s playing dad to your daughter.
—What’s he like?
—He treats Sasha and Christa pretty good, but he can be a pain in the ass. He hasn't been out in the world much. He’s from one of those oil tycoon families, born into the business.
—No seat-of-the-pants flying, in other words.
—Definitely not. He seems to be a by-the-book guy. That’s okay with me. He's trying to make a name for himself. You know the type. Daddy's boy makes good in the business started by his father.
Harry knew the type, all right.
—If the bills get paid on time, it’s all good.


Harry’s daughter Christa squealed with delight at the sight of her father the instant the door opened. Up to then, she'd been waiting patiently for him to arrive. The patience went out the window and she ran into her father's open arms.
—Harry!
—Hi honey. How’s my little girl?
Harry scooped Christa up, hugged her, and twirled her around. She laughed until Harry set her down.
—I missed you, Harry.
—I missed you just as much, sweetheart. I always miss you.
Sasha smiled watching the two of them chase after each other as they got re-acquainted. Christa never left his side, and Harry, patient man that he was, gave her all the time she wanted. If only he wasn’t so far away most of the time, then just maybe—
She ended the reminiscing and concentrated on Harry and their daughter.
—I’ve missed you too, Sasha, just so you know.
—It’s always good to see you, Harry. It doesn’t happen often enough any more. There’s something I need to talk to you about. Can we do it after dinner?
—Of course we can.
—Come on, I want to introduce you to Gene.
One look at Gene told Harry all he needed to know. Tall and slim going to skinny. Clean cut. Plenty of hair to keep neat and tidy and trimmed just right. Clean manicured hands. Fresh-pressed shirt and pants.
He shut out his thoughts, happy that his ex had found someone. His eyes wandered to Sasha. She was still beautiful. She kept her black hair long. There was no gray, but she probably took care of that—not that it mattered in the slightest.
All he had to do now was find someone for himself. He grimaced at the thought.
—So this is the guy who’s been stealing my daughter’s affections. I finally get to meet you.
—I’ve heard a lot about you, too.
Harry snapped back to the immediate reality at the sound of Gene’s high-pitched voice.
—Not all of it bad, I hope.
—No. None of it bad, actually.
The two stood apart, each sizing up the other. Satisfied, Harry backed off and made an excuse to go looking for Barbara.
—Where’s the real owner of this dump?
Barbara, overhearing him, called out.
—She’s trapped in the kitchen. Where the hell do you think? Get your ass in here.
—Yes ma’am.
Barbara looked up from the cookies she was making.
—Where’s my hug?
—Right here, gorgeous, where it always is. It’s great to see you. What’s for dinner?
—Always right to the point. I’m not going to ruin it by telling you.
—Your home-cooked meals keep me coming back.
—If that was the truth, you’d be back more often. Did I hear your daughter call you Harry out there?
—Yes, well, I’m not proud of it. I was hoping no one would notice.
—I’m sorry. I always thought you three should be together, just like old times.
Harry didn’t mind Barbara’s acknowledgment that she wanted them back together. Sometimes, he wondered why he had pulled up stakes, too.
—People change. When Sasha told me she wanted out, I let her know I’d keep paying the bills until someone came along for her and Christa. I’m just glad they stayed close to you and Mike.
—We are too, but we miss you too, Harry.
—We’ve all been through a lot together. It’s tough to let go sometimes, but it was the thing to do. I wasn’t going to fight her.
—Just between the two of us, I get the feeling Gene is going to ask her to marry him.
—Isn’t it about time? He’s been seeing her for a year, hasn’t he?
—Like I said, you should come by more often. They’ve been seeing each other for almost two years.
—If that’s true, it took the man enough time to make up his mind.
—Well, it looks like he finally has.
Harry poked around the enormous kitchen.
—Are you looking for anything in particular?
He looked up at the shotgun peeking out from the top of the cupboard.
—Is that Mike’s old shotty stashed up there?
—It is. I thought I’d keep it around, just in case.
—Just in case of what, Barbara? Better times and happier memories?
Exasperated, she planted her hands on her hips and only looked at him before replying.
—Something like that.


Harry stacked the last of the dishes before wiping the counter. Barbara stood back and marveled before teasing him. She always did.
—You’d have made someone a good house-husband. It’s too bad you’re so old and set in your ways.
—Don’t bury me yet, girl. I’ve only got one of my feet in the graveyard.
—Yes, and sometimes you have the other planted firmly up your rear end. You need to do right by that woman, Harry. You’re going to let her get away again, aren’t you? And what about your daughter? What’s going on there?
—I think Sasha has pretty much made up her mind about what she’s going to do—and I support her in it.
—You’re going to lose her.
—You’re right—and there’s nothing I can do about it. Now I have to go and find her.
He cast a sheepish glance at Barbara before explaining.
—She said she wanted to talk.
Barbara shook her head.
—Don’t tell me I’ve got you on the run already. You just got here.


Sasha paced back and forth, waiting for Harry. It had been two years since they last saw each other, but she knew they’d get along. She still liked him. Maybe she still loved him just a little, too.
—What’s happening with you two—or you three now, I guess.
As always, Harry dove right in. She made sure to get right to the point, too.
—I get the feeling that Gene is going to ask me to marry him.
—Will he want to adopt Christa?
—We haven’t talked about that yet, but he’d better if he wants a family with me.
—Whatever you want to do is okay by me. I’m her father. That won’t change. I trust your judgment. You already know that.
—Yes, but it’s nice to hear you say it.
—I heard Gene is going to be taking you overseas on one of his trips.
—Barbara told you, didn’t she? Damn that woman. I wanted to tell you.
—Of course she told me. You know she talks to me about you and Christa—and you’d better not mind, either. Do you know when you’re going?
—He wants to take Christa, too. I need time with him to help make up my mind. I don’t plan on saying yes until after the trip.
—You have my blessing no matter what you decide. Christa needs the stability. I think you do, too.
Harry pulled a box out of his backpack.
—What’s that?
—A little something for my two favorite girls. When I heard where you were going, I picked up a GPS transmitter. When you turn it on and press a button, it will transmit your location to a satellite and send out a pre-programmed message.
—Do you think we’ll need that? We’re going for a week at most. Neither Christa nor I will be out in the middle of nowhere. We’ll be seeing the sights and doing some shopping in civilization.
—Of course you won’t need it. Do you know where you’re going to be?
—Gene hasn’t told us yet.
As he suspected, Gene wasn’t as forthcoming with his family as he’d like him to be.
—I set it up with Mike and Barbara’s email address, and their corporate one as well. They know all about it.
—Are you going to put yours in? That’s the one I want in there if I ever have to use it.
—You know I’m all over the place. If you have to press the button, you’re going to want to have someone who can take the call.
—Will you show me how to use it?
—Of course. I’ll show you both before I leave.
Sasha already knew Harry would be headed off in a few days. Barbara kept her informed, and she was glad of it.
—You’re still hitting the high spots, aren’t you? Where are you off to this time?
She never knew where he worked any more.
—NBO.
Spending time with Harry, once she learned the airport designators, she never forgot them.
—Nairobi.
—Yes.
—Please be careful.


Christa pulled the GPS Tracker out of the box in front of Harry and Gene. She was proud that her father had taken the time to explain how it worked. She wanted to show it off to her mother’s boyfriend.
—Gene. Look what Harry gave us.
She held it out, wanting him to take it.
—Yes, that’s nice, sweetheart.
—Harry showed me how to turn it on. He says it will help to find us if we get in trouble.
—It doesn’t look very well built. Put it away before you break it.
She put the Tracker in her backpack and zipped it shut.
—They won’t be needing that thing, Harry. They’ll be with me the entire time.
—Well, they have it if they want it. It’s for them to decide.
—We’ll be three or four days at most, then back home in no time. The batteries will probably go dead by then.
Exasperated, Harry had nothing more to say to the man. He returned his hands to his pockets and looked across the room at Barbara. She returned the look, but what she was thinking, he couldn’t tell.
—Whatever you say, Gene.
23
Present Day - Horn of Africa


GENE DIDN’T APPRECIATE IT when Harry stuck his nose into his relationship with Sasha and her daughter. He saw the useless GPS junk Harry had presented as an assault on his ability to look after them. When he saw Christa had brought it with her on their trip overseas, he went into full-on denial.
—Christa, I thought I told you to leave that thing at home. We don’t need it.
—But Harry gave it to me. He said I could bring it on our trip for good luck.
—It’s a cheap toy. It’s not going to bring anyone good luck. The thing probably doesn’t even work.
Distracted by the arrival of their car, Gene tossed the tracking device on the bed. Christa returned it to her backpack.
—Our driver is here. Let’s get going. We have an airplane to catch.
Sasha tried one last time to convince Gene she and her daughter needed to go exploring on their own. She didn’t think either of them should be out in the desert.
—Is it necessary to take us out into the middle of nowhere? Christa and I planned on spending the day looking around. We wanted to do some shopping. We’ll never have another opportunity like this.
—I want to show you how important this project is for CAN-AL. You can look around town next time.
Christa looked at her mother and rolled her eyes. Sasha waggled a finger at her daughter, but she smiled, too. It was beginning to appear as though Gene was more concerned with himself and his image than anyone or anything else.
—Now come on, we have to get to the airport.
Gene hurried Sasha and her daughter out of the lobby and into the beat-up old deux chevaux. In twenty minutes, they were aboard the Beech-18 charter. Wheels-up followed, and they were on their way to the desert strip located a few miles from the oil company camp and well-site.
Sasha wasn’t impressed by the plane. She’d been around Harry and Mike long enough to know the Beech was an ancient piece of tin. Even Mike wouldn’t be caught dead owning one. The operator was probably a local, hungry for oil money and running a scam of some sort to get CAN-AL to agree to hire it.
She looked across the aisle at her daughter and smiled. Christa had buried her head in the picture instructions for the GPS Harry had given her. She turned away from her daughter and inspected the plane’s interior with a critical eye. It settled on the beat-up interior and dusty, shabby seats.
Considering the advanced age of what they were riding in, she hoped they wouldn’t have to put the tracking device to use any time soon.


Sasha recognized the familiar sound of power coming back on the Beechcraft’s twin engines as the pilot set up his approach. Sasha cast her gaze outside the plane. A stark desert landscape presented itself. They passed over limitless sand and hills and boulders and rocky outcrops before the wheels touched down. The plane bumped its way across the uneven sand strip. Sasha wondered if Harry at some point might have been here before her.
Across the aisle, Gene surveyed unfamiliar vehicles outside his window. The plane halted and the engines went quiet. Trucks stirred up dust as they positioned to block it in.
—Those aren’t company people.
Sasha’s head snapped to look at Gene.
—Then who are they?
She took in the weapons mounted on the back of the trucks. Technicals. She recalled seeing them on television and then reading about them at some point.
—I don’t know. Stay here.
She wasn’t going to disobey. And then she spotted the rifles.
—Gene, wait. Those look like AKs.
—What’s an AK?
If the man only knew. She hoped they were an advance guard. If they were, why were they needed? What might she and her daughter be stepping into if they got out of the plane?
—Trust me, you don’t want to find out if one gets aimed in your direction. Christa, come here with me. We’re getting off now. You too, Gene.
—Let me handle this.
Sasha took Christa’s hand and stepped in front of Gene. She dropped her daughter’s hand and held up her own.
—Dear. Hold up your hands like mommy is doing and follow me.
She stepped in front of her daughter and jumped down onto the sand. Christa followed, keeping her hands in the air. Gene reluctantly followed behind and the three of them moved away from the Beechcraft.
—Gene, half of those people look barely older than Christa.
In that instant, the technicals opened up on the twin Beech, raking it from nose to tail with automatic fire. Christa covered her ears and turned to her mother. Sasha’s arms instinctively went around her daughter, but she knew her body would be incapable of protecting her from the ferocity of the weapons raining lead into the airplane’s carcass.
By some miracle, the pilot appeared in the doorway, unscathed by the intense attack. Before he could step down, a second hail of bullets cut him to pieces.
Tracer rounds passed through the wings. Fuel in the tanks ignited, intensifying the fire already burning. Minutes later, the Beech-18 turned into a smoking pile of melted aluminum as the draining fuel did its job. The heat forced everyone to step back. A tall man approached.
—You will come with us.
Obeying without question, Sasha and Christa started towards the trucks. Gene hesitated.
—I’m with CAN-AL Oil. We’re doing the drilling north of here. My people are supposed to be meeting me. Do you know anything about it?
—Get in the truck.
—But I’m with CAN-AL Oil. I have to get to our camp. I have meetings scheduled.
Exasperated with Gene and worried for her daughter’s safety, Sasha was in no mood to put up with the man’s whining. He was putting them in danger.
—Gene, do what they tell you. Do they look like they’re not serious after what they did to the plane?
—But I have meetings. They can’t do this. We’re supposed to fly back tonight.
—We won't be flying anywhere tonight. Keep it together and let’s go. They’ve got the guns. That makes them the boss.
Sasha understood now that Gene was incapable of comprehending the desperate situation the three of them were in. He couldn’t fathom that they were in danger. The man’s mindless ranting was annoying everyone–especially the kidnappers.
Unwilling to give up, Gene kept going on about getting to the camp for his meetings. An impatient kidnapper jabbed Gene in the gut with the butt of his AK. Left gasping for breath, he had to shut up. Sasha helped him climb into a Jeep.
—Christa.
—Yes, mommy?
—Do you still have that thing Harry gave you?
—Yes. It’s in my backpack.
—Do you remember how to work it?
—I think so. I looked at the pictures on the plane.
—I know. I saw you. I think now would be a good time to turn it on. Can you do that? Pretend it’s a toy if anyone asks.
—All right, mommy.
—It is a toy. It’ll never work. Damn it. I don’t have time for this. Don’t these people know who I am?
At a signal from a man in the back of the lead vehicle, the convoy got underway. The procession of vehicles moved slowly eastward, in the direction of the Indian Ocean. She knew that because she had seen it from the plane before they began their descent to the desert floor.
—Did you get it turned on, honey?
Sasha continued to ignore Gene in the heat and the dust trailing from the lead vehicles stretching out in front of them.
—Yes.
—Did you press the button and hold it down the way Harry showed you?
—Yes.
—Good girl. Give mommy a hug.
Gene went on with his ranting through the convoy’s thick dust.
—Admit it, Harry’s junk is useless and you know it. Your ex is still the loser he always was.
Christa rolled her eyes at her mother as she sheltered her daughter in her arms. How was it that her daughter knew Gene better than she did?
24
Present Day - Canada


MIKE HAD BEEN TRYING Barbara’s number for an hour. Finally, she picked up.
—Where have you been? I’ve been calling and calling.
—I was across the street at the neighbor’s drinking wine and telling lies. What’s up?
—Sasha’s Tracker has been sending out emails.
—Oh shit. Where are they?
—According to the position map, East Africa. On the Horn. So far, three hits are showing. I’ve got the guys installing the utility interior in the jet now.
—I’ll try to track down Harry. Christ, what time is it in NBO?
—That’s your part of the job.
She knew that already. It wasn’t the first time.
—Once I find him, I’ll get our bags to the hangar as soon as I can.
As much as Mike didn’t want his wife coming on this exercise, he knew it would be impossible to keep her away. Barbara and Sasha had become even closer since their adventure on the Baja.
—This won’t be a picnic. It will be dangerous. It won’t be an easy extraction. Are you sure you want—
Mike didn’t get time to finish.
—You couldn’t keep me away with your old shotty.
—What we had on the Baja will seem like a picnic compared to this exercise, believe me. There’s nothing out there—and I mean nothing. No roads. No towns. Nada. You can’t depend on anyone. Life is cheap. People you trust can turn on you in an instant. Sometimes, people you can trust are non-existent.
Mike halted. There was no sense going on. He’d never convince his wife.
—We’re doing this together. In fact, all three of us need to do this. I’ll be with the people I need to trust. I wouldn’t have it any other way and I don’t think you would, either. I know everything has evened out between you and Harry since the Baja, but between Sasha and me, it will never be even. It will always be equal.
He gave up trying.
—I’m getting the guys together. It’ll be another couple of hours by the time we’re loaded.
—There’s no way I’m telling Harry we had a hit from the Tracker. He’d be crazy by the time we got there. I’ll let him know we have a charter into NBO. That should hold him for a bit.
—I’m more concerned about him going off on his own. He’s got plenty of contacts over there, but he’s going to need a lot more than that.
The flight into Nairobi was going to be a long haul for the jet. Barbara knew Mike wouldn’t stop for anything until he got to Harry. She opened the door to the fridge and began putting together a cooler of food for the flight. While she waited for a return phone call on Harry’s whereabouts, it would keep her busy doing something besides worrying.


Mike wasn't looking forward to addressing his employees. Meetings weren’t his style, and he called few of them. He enjoyed dealing one-on-one. It was more personal that way. There were no stragglers when he made his way into the lunchroom. Conversation halted immediately.
—Guys, I’ve just received bad news. A family friend has gone missing on the Horn of Africa. I’m going to need help. If any of you want to volunteer, I’d be more than happy to have you on board.
There was a murmur among the assembled group before a single employee spoke his mind from the back of the room.
—You want volunteers? What’s the pay?
The question took Mike aback, angry that money came up when he had asked for volunteers.
—Pay? Pack up your tools and get out. That’s the pay. Don’t bother coming back.
Art, one of the old timers with the outfit and overworked by the request to ready the jet for the long haul, overheard the verbal confrontation from inside the jet. An old Africa hand himself, he knew Mike all too well. He approached Mike at the front of the room. He made sure he wasn’t overheard.
—Take it easy, man. What the hell is going on?
He’d never seen Mike in such a state.
—I just told everyone what was going on, Art.
—I’m on board, no matter what, but the young guys need more information than that. They don’t work like we used to.
Mike valued Art as one of his more experienced aircraft engineers. Instantly, he changed his demeanor to one more easy-going before speaking up. He made sure everyone heard.
—I’m going to need at least two. A welder. A mechanic. Someone who knows how to handle firearms. If you can figure out who to bring, do it, Art.
The man didn’t waste any time thinking about it. He knew his people.
—Bill was a Huey door-gunner in Nam.
—Then do what you have to but get him on board. Unless someone else shows up, you can plan on being my First Officer. Pack your tools. Treat it like we’re going on an extended field operation back in the old days. Load the welding equipment—tanks, hoses, sheet metal, whatever you think you might need. A generator and lights. Throw in our sat phones. We’ll charge them on the way.
—How much time?
—When Barbara gets here, we’re gone, ready or not.
—How many passengers should I plan for?
—Seats for our own crew plus three.
Helpers began assisting Art. They stripped the jet’s interior. It needed to be light as possible to convert it into a utility configuration. Equipment availability was the least of his worries. He had to get the jet ready for as much gear on board as he could stow.


Even after Harry finally convinced Sasha to marry him, he was forced to spend long periods of time away from home to pay the bills. He was doing the flying jobs he loved. Neither of them was happy with it, but his work provided a level of support for the three of them that was beyond reproach.
Eventually, Sasha had enough of the never-ending lonely days and nights. She put her foot down. By then, it was too late. The free-wheeling Harry took an extended overseas jaunt and Sasha filed for divorce. He didn’t contest it. He allowed her to have full custody of their daughter, Christa. He knew he couldn’t offer them a home, given his penchant for around-the-world adventures.
Christa was three when they separated. They stayed on good terms. Harry continued to pay the bills while Sasha raised Christa. He didn’t begrudge his ex-wife a thing. He knew she was doing one heck of a job with their daughter.
It was a job he knew he wouldn’t be capable of doing on his own.
Sasha remained close with Barbara and Mike. She was always welcome in their home. She knew Barbara told Harry about her comings and goings, but she didn’t object. In the back of her mind, she knew Harry still loved her—and in some ways, she still loved him. If the man would come home and stay home, she’d go back to him in a heartbeat.
She didn’t dare tell Barbara, though. She kept that part of it to herself. She knew her friend secretly wanted them to get back together and would end up telling Harry.
25
Present Day - Nairobi


ALERTED BY BARBARA’S phone call and never one to doubt the capabilities—or the ETA—of his friend and former bush pilot, Harry Delaney waited anxiously for Mike’s 300 to arrive at NBO. He checked incoming flight plans, and he caught sight of the gleaming white jet on final and on time. He was proud as hell as he observed the jet taxiing onto the fixed-base operator’s tarmac before shutting down.
He waited for the airstair to deploy before approaching. It was even more obvious Mike was doing well in the cutthroat aviation business. He had no doubt the man had been doing more than a little throat-cutting of his own.
The door opened and Mike waited for him to approach. The look on the man's face was too serious. He put it to the long flight. Hell, he’d probably be even more exhausted.
—Come aboard, Harry. I’ve got people I want you to meet.
He climbed the stairs into the cabin. The sight of Barbara took him by surprise.
—Hi, guys. Holy shit, Barbara is here, too. Playing tourist, are you?
—No, Harry, I’m not.
He ignored the gruff response, immediately passing it off as fatigue and maybe a touch of air-sickness. He should have known better.
—This is a pretty quick trip. What’s going on?
Harry’s gaze settled on the gear and boxes secured in the back of the jet. Mike didn’t give him time to ask before introducing his chief engineer.
—You remember Art. He’s an old Africa hand from before our time. He’s also the best engineer I’ve got. That’s Bill sleeping in the seat. He’s a little younger. He gets tired easier.
—Whoever the hell it was that called me in the bar at the Flying Club cost me a round of drinks. You owe me.
—It was Barbara. And you’re about to get repaid real fast.
It dawned on Harry that something wasn’t right. The interior of Mike’s jet was stripped bare. All kinds of equipment was lashed to the airframe. His eyes wandered to the seats. There were three for the cabin crew, and three more.
—What the hell is it? You didn’t bring your wife and a team all the way over here to brag about it.
—I got an email from Sasha and Christa.
—Of course. They must be here by now.
—It was a GPS hit. Several of them, as a matter of fact.
Harry’s jaw dropped. His look of surprise immediately turned to one of concern. He knew his ex was going to be in this part of the world. She had told him. Now Mike was telling him he had been right to outfit them with the tracking device after all.
—Shit. Now I know why Barbara wouldn’t tell anyone why she was looking for me.
Mike opened the laptop and loaded the mapping page. He tapped the screen.
—That’s where she pulled the pin the first time. Since we departed, they’ve been on the move towards the coast. The signal is intermittent. She’s probably turning it off to conserve batteries.
—Those hits look like they’re near one of our old operations.
—You’re right. I noticed that, too. At least we’ve got something going for us.
—They’re not moving fast.
—No, but they’re definitely on the move east towards the coast and Eyl. They’re staying off the trail, though. Probably—
Harry interrupted.
—The pirate den on the Indian Ocean.
—Yes.
—The easy targets floating on the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean have proved lucrative up to now. Do you think they're branching out into fresh territory? Oil company territory on dry land?
—This is all news to me. As far as I knew, the pirates were strictly sea-going. They keep to the waters off the coast. It seems out of character, but I guess they could have moved on to targets on dry land.
—If they have, that means unlimited ransom demands.
—There’s been renewed oil interest in that area, most recently by CAN-AL. Don’t take this the wrong way, but I’d be wondering if CAN-AL will pay out a ransom.
Already Harry had committed to a rescue operation.
—I’m not going to stand around with my hands in my pockets scratching at my balls waiting to find out. That’s my ex and my daughter out there. I’m thinking you didn’t come all the way over here to talk me out of doing something.
—Of course not.
Harry was eager to get started. Standing around talking about it wasn't in his genes.
—What have you got up your sleeve, Mike?
—Here’s what I think. They’re headed overland. Helicopter access will be impossible. It won’t have the fuel range. There’s no way we could come up with one on such short notice anyway, even if we steal it.
—I agree. We’ve got work to do and not enough time to do it before they reach the coast. Just off the top of my head, we’ll need a DC-3. At least two technicals and people to man them. Maybe a translator.
—And weapons. Don’t forget weapons, Harry.
—Why are my girls out in the open desert? What did that dumb son of a bitch do?
Barbara knew Harry would crawl through hell to get to his wife and daughter. There would be no letting up until he had her. She pitied the kidnappers when he found them.
—We’ll get her. We always do. We got her on the Baja, Harry. We’ll get the two of them in the desert.
—Don’t you mean the three of them?
—All of them. We’ll get all of them.
Outwardly, Harry appeared satisfied with that, but Barbara knew the wheels were still turning. She wasn’t wrong.
—Art, before I forget, there’s a few more things we’ll need.
—You bet, Harry. Just let me know.
Art didn’t want to be the one to disappoint Harry, but he knew he would have a hard time keeping up with his demands. He didn’t want to say no, either. From what he’d seen so far, Harry didn’t like to hear the word.
—Whatever it is, you’ve got it.
—You might end up being sorry you said that. We’re going to need two .50 cal’s.
The look on Art’s face said it all.
—And five thousand rounds to go with them.
Art shook his head again and grinned like a dog trying to screw a football.
—I’ve got some old legion contacts in Djibouti. I’ll make some calls.
Barbara handed him a phone.
—Get to it. I’m off to find us a hangar.
Art moved off to make his calls. Harry wasn’t finished with him.
—Before you get busy, Art. We’re going to need AKs. Extra magazines. A thousand rounds. See if you can dig up RPGs too.
He regarded Harry with a look of wonderment.
—Anything else?
—Yes. See if you can get a line on an old DC-3 to hold it all. We’ll need it to launch.
—I’ll see what I can do about the Dakota, but I can’t make any promises.
Harry’s eyes bored into Art’s.
—If you run into any problems, mention my name. Both Mike and I have been around these parts before. We’re just not current at it, is all.
—When Mike said you’d been around, I didn’t take it to mean you were once on the black market with arms.
Harry didn’t answer and Art disappeared to make his phone calls.
—Bill?
Young Bill scrambled to Harry’s side.
—Yes, sir.
—Art told me in passing you were a Huey door gunner. Is that right, or is it bullshit?
—No bullshit, sir.
—Don’t call me sir. You’re almost as old as Art. By any chance, could you rig up a dual mount for a pair of 50 calibers? We’d need a floor mount to hang them on a DC-3. I’ll want them pointed out the cargo door. On a swivel would be nice.
Harry knew he was taking a huge chance with an unknown.
—I could do it better if we had the 50s sitting on the ground beside the airplane. I’d get it done a lot faster, too.
Music to his ears.
—I’ll let you know.
Barbara returned from her search.
—I found a hangar. There’s a tow coming up. We’ll be behind closed doors shortly. Fuel is on the way.
—We won't need the hangar.
Mike was eager to get airborne. On overhearing Art, he knew where they had to be to meet up with the dealers providing the hardware they were buying.
—We’ll be heading for JIB as soon as we take on fuel.
That was an airport code Barbara wasn’t familiar with.
—JIB?
—Djibouti. 
Nothing would delay him now. If something came up, he knew Harry and Barbara would see there would be no interference. Hell, even Art was proving to be an enormous help.


The fuel bowser approached the jet and halted beneath the wing. Barbara hurried towards it carrying the briefcase. An agitated Mike searched for his friend.
—Where the hell did Harry get to?
—I’m right here. I don’t have a line on a DC-3 yet, but it looks like everything else is coming together.
In fact, Harry had a line, but he knew he couldn’t tell Mike and Barbara about it. It would be too upsetting. In fact, he hoped Art would make good and come up with a plane on his own.
—That was quick.
—Art had better not fail with the hardware acquisition.
Mike ignored Harry’s worry. He knew the capabilities of his chief engineer and he trusted him.
—How many favors did you have to call in?
—More than a few, but one in particular is sure to come through for us.
—So you do have a line on a Dakota.
—No. But I managed to get a call through to our old friend in Galkayo. 
—Ali? You mean that old bugger isn’t dead yet?
—Not yet. He’s got half a dozen technicals sitting around in parts.
—Parts won’t do us any good.
—That’s what I told him. He says not to worry. By the time we get there, he’ll have two put together from what’s left of the scrap.
—Then he’ll come through. He’s never failed us yet.
—He gave his word he’d keep the strip open for us as soon as he could get to it. I told him we’d be another day.
—That’s pretty optimistic, considering what we have to get done. In case you haven’t noticed, we don’t have an airplane.
Harry ignored Mike’s comment about the plane. He didn’t want to show his hand.
—Ali has a condition, though.
—We’re bringing that old bugger guns and he has a condition?
—He sure does. He said he wants to meet the woman that got us both over here at the same time after so many years have passed.
Barbara wasn’t about missing a chance to get in a dig.
—I’m thinking he must have said something else, too.
—He did. He said she must be quite the woman.
Barbara couldn’t let Harry off the hook that easily. In fact, she was surprised he was even talking about it. Something must have changed.
—Why is it that Ali knows that, even though he’s never met Sasha? Yet you, who knows her better than anyone, haven’t figured out yet?
Harry held up his hands, but both of his friends were on a rant. Holding up his hands in surrender wouldn’t do a thing to halt their good-natured ribbing. He also knew it was mostly true, but he’d be damned if he’d admit it.
—You just have to start in on me, don’t you?
Mike couldn’t resist piling on.
—She’s right, and you know it. Now what did you have to promise Ali?
—I told him we could probably come up with some munitions for him if he absolutely needed them.
—At least that part of it is settled. Having Ali’s support is one less worry. If someone shows up to shut down the strip before we get there, Ali is capable of keeping it open.
—Bill says he’ll be able to fabricate the dual mount for the 50s. He wants to have the guns sitting on the tarmac outside of the cargo door. He can eyeball it better that way.
The fuel truck disconnected and pulled away. Barbara paid with cash from the briefcase and climbed aboard the jet.
—We’re good to go.
—Great. Now all we need is a couple of 50s and an airplane to put them in.
Mike lit up the on-board APU. The high-pitched whine of the auxiliary power unit alerted Art. Huffing and puffing, he rushed up the stairwell looking far too happy. He tapped Mike on the shoulder.
—Let’s power up this tin can and get it to Djibouti. Thanks to some old legionnaire buddies, I’ve got a line on twin 50s and five thousand rounds. And all for the bargain price of seventy-five hundred.
—That’s great. Now tell Harry. He’ll be happy to hear it.
—Funny thing about that. When I mentioned his name, they dropped the price. Who the hell are you guys?
—I’ll explain it when we’re all sitting in a bar so I only have to tell the story once. In the meantime, Barbara is going to be our new First Officer. While we’re en route to Djibouti, you’re going to help Bill sketch up a gun mount for the cargo door on a DC-3. That’s where the twin 50s will be going. Oh, and maybe you could talk to your suppliers again and find us some RPGs to go along with the 50s.
—Harry already asked me to do that. I’m waiting for a call-back.
Bill slipped aboard at the last minute. He ended up at the back of the jet on top of the cargo. His eyes were closed, and he was breathing easily, already fast asleep.
—Is he always that way? He’d better be one well-rested son of a gun by the time we arrive. Do you think he’ll have any objection to being promoted to door-gunner again?
—You never told me you wanted a helicopter, too. Where are we going?
—We’re on our way to hell and back.
26
Present Day - Nairobi


WHILE PREPPING FOR takeoff, Mike paged Harry in the back of the jet
—Once we’re airborne, I’ll need a co-pilot into Djibouti. The right seat is yours.
Mike knew if there was ever an opportunity to encourage the man to consider trading in the foot-loose lifestyle of a lifelong bush pilot for a more stable corporate environment, this was it.
Barbara didn’t wait. She knew better.
—I’m out, husband.
She pulled up the armrest and exited the cockpit. She passed a grinning Harry on his way to the front. Mike waited for his friend to settle in before addressing him.
—Do you think you could get to like this, Harry?
Mike continued running through the computerized 350's checklist until he was ready to advance the throttles for takeoff.
—Well, it has benefits for sure. Large airports over bush and desert strips. Hotel rooms over tents. Modern maintenance. How’s the pay?
—Are you thinking of applying?
—I might be.
Mike grinned.
—In that case, I’ll need you to fill out an application.
He moved to reach into his briefcase.
—Not so fast, friend. I’ll need time to think about it.
Mike received his clearance and turned onto the runway.
—In that case, take your seat, First Officer. We’re about to become airborne.
Mike advanced the throttles while Harry climbed into the first's seat. The jet became airborne as Harry adjusted it.
—Why don’t you get a feel for it? You have control.
The grin on Harry’s face spoke more than words.
—I have control.
Mike sat back and regarded his old friend as he adjusted the seat and the column to his liking. He followed him on the controls until he settled.
—I’ll talk you through the settings you’ll need for the approach into JIB when we get closer. For now, just enjoy.


Mike coordinated his efforts in the cockpit with Harry’s abilities at the flight controls. Harry was no amateur. He had plenty of flight time and experience in all kinds of aircraft types. None of them were jet.
Even so, his handling was smooth, and his efforts were even and coordinated. It came naturally to some people, and Harry was one of them. It wouldn’t be long before he could be jet-qualified if he wanted it.
—All of this is nice, Mike, but it’s not taking my mind off of what’s coming up. We’re out of time. We have to stop the kidnappers in their tracks, fast. If they get to Eyl, they’ll be unassailable in that pirate den. We’ll never get my girls back.
—You’re not alone in this. Art is one of the most qualified people on board. Bill, sleepy as he is, is no slouch in the art of metal-working.
—I didn’t think you’d bring any slackers on this run. You’re not going to like what I have to tell you next.
—Don’t stop now. I can take it.
—I was pushed to the edge. I had to sell my soul to get a DC-3 delivered to Djibouti.
—Don’t worry about it. We’ll cover it off together.
—Not this time, I’m afraid. I gave a personal guarantee so you couldn’t be tied to this. There’s a lot more to it than I’m willing to tell you.
Harry did a quick check of the DME.
—We’re almost there. It’s time you started talking me down.
He was thankful to change the subject back to flying.


When Somalia’s national airline went bankrupt, several of their DC-3s were acquired by interested parties. Those that weren’t ended up mothballed. Thanks to Harry’s globe-trotting habits and the contacts he made over the years, he was able to acquire one of the planes. He directed Mike to taxi the jet in front of a deserted hangar and the waiting DC-3. It still had the blue and white livery. The airline's name was painted on the side, too.
—Damn, Harry, who did you call to get that thing to meet us here? More important, what’s our payback going to be?
—I can’t say. He had to fly it here, so at least we know it’s airworthy. That should shorten our down time.
—You’re ignoring the payback.
—Don’t worry about it. It’s all on me. When it comes, I’ll be answering the call on this one.
The mood inside the jet changed for the better immediately. Everyone knew the old plane was the missing key to the rescue. It was Barbara who stated the obvious.
—Come on, you guys. We’ve got work to do. We have twelve hours to turn this Dakota tin can around.
Mike wasn’t jumping for joy at getting into the left seat of the old airplane, given the reason for it. He hadn’t captained one for so many years he couldn’t remember. Still, he was glad the DC-3 was something he was once familiar with. It would make the task easier.
—I don’t know how you did it, but this old bucket of bolts is just the ticket we need. Do you have any idea how long it’s been since I sat in one?
The look on Mike’s face told Harry he was happy. Nothing would drag him away now.
—I’d like to help, but I’ll leave rigging the Dakota up to you and Bill. I need to get Art over to his legionnaire comrades to collect the goods. Where did you put the cash?
—Barbara always handles that.
He called to the woman.
—Barbara.
—Christ, stop yelling, you two. You’ll end up getting us shipped off to a refugee camp.
—Harry needs cash.
—I know. I heard. Relax. I’m going with him.
Mike’s old shotty hung off of the woman’s shoulder, concealed by her jacket. It was the way Mike used to wear it back in the old days. She and Mike were twins when it came to some things. At least she was ready. There was nothing but hand tools for anyone else.
—That’s my girl. Always taking care of me. Come on, Art. We have places to go and people to see.


Art wasn’t happy at the prospect of a woman coming along to witness his arms dealings, even if she was Mike’s wife. He’d seen her around the hangar from time to time, but she never stuck her nose into the operations of the business. That was a good thing, as far as he was concerned.
He was sure the reason Barbara was a part of this operation was because she was Mike’s wife. The ex-legionnaires would not be impressed when he showed up with a woman. It might even scuttle the deal. Needing to talk about it, he approached Harry.
—Can I have a word?
—We don’t have time, Art.
He pulled Harry away from the group.
—What are we doing with that woman here? We don’t need her. All we need is the cash. I wouldn’t trust her with the men I have to deal with. What if she panics?
—Art, you’d better tell her that yourself.
Harry called to Barbara. He knew by the quizzical look on her face that she didn't want to be bothered.
—Art has something he wants to tell you.
Harry worked his way behind Art to join Mike. They were all eyes and ears, certain they knew what would be coming. Mike nodded acknowledgment to Harry. The pair pasted huge grins on their faces while they waited. That alone told Barbara something was up.
Art turned to Barbara and went for it.
—I don’t want to be a spoil-sport, but do you really need to be tagging along with us? We’re capable of handling it.
The friendly smile on the woman’s face froze. She blessed Art with an unforced, steely eyed gaze. Under more normal circumstances, the look would have melted steel. She had it toned down for Art.
—Tagging along? It’s our money, not yours. If you have complaints, we’ll settle our differences later. No one has time for this. We need to get the job done.
She flashed the twin barrels under her jacket. Art’s eyes turned into saucers. He went silent. At that moment, Harry was glad to have her along. He knew her abilities, and he was damned glad of them.
—She’s with me, Art, and we’re a better group for it. That’s all you need to know.
—Then I guess that’s the way it’s going to be.
—Yes, it is. What about the AKs and mags to go with them? Plus the thousand rounds. Will your friends be able to hook us up?
—From the way they were talking, yes. They want to meet you.
Barbara led the way to the truck.
—Come on, you two. Enough talk. Let’s see some action.
27
Ten years ago - Tanzania


HARRY WAS FIRST TO SPOT them in the dark, dingy bar. Even in the dim light, they stood out like a lighthouse in a desert. One was blonde, the other brunette. By the look of it they were too pretty to tango, but the lights were low and so were expectations. A belly-full of beer didn’t hurt either.
—Wazungu. White women. What the hell are camo-wearing white women doing here?
—I noticed that. We have to check this out.
—You’re right. Camos can hide a lot. You’re closer. They are women, right?
The girls weren’t shy. One kicked two chairs in the right direction and Harry and Mike became instant prisoners. Irit was the brunette. The blonde, Eloria.
—We heard you’re doing bush flying in the area.
Harry gave Mike the look. One could never tell what was going on, and these were two he’d never seen. There was no sense igniting controversy when none was warranted.
—We’re doing exploration work for a mining company in the region. By any chance are you new transfers with the company?
They finished their beer, slammed the bottles on the table, and laughed.
—You might say so.
—Your accent. I’ve heard it before. Israeli?
—Good guess, but no. Not even close. We’re Canadian.
Harry rolled his eyes.
—Don’t bullshit us. We’ve both worked with Israelis. You have the same accent when you speak English. Aleichem Shalom.
Mike disappeared in search of more beer. Harry glued himself to the brunette.
—What are two nice girls like you doing in a shithole like this?
They answered with more laughter and pulled out Galils hiding behind their chair-backs. Mike returned and Harry gave him an in-like-Flynn look.
—If I get in a bar fight, I want you two backing me.
Mike couldn’t argue that.
—And I’m guessing you work for the mining company, too.
There was more laughter while the girls stashed the Galils out of sight.
—You could be right. Now you know about us, but we know nothing of you. Are you American?
—Hell no. We’re two lost Canadians looking for a place to live and women to love.
Irit was definitely interested. Harry wasn’t so sure about Eloria, but what the hell, that was Mike’s job.
—Canadian? That’s okay with us, right Eloria? Come on, you two. Curfew is coming. We have somewhere we need to be.


Harry pulled the covers back, hoping to a last early morning look at Irit sprawled across the bed on her stomach, arms and legs akimbo. He was trying to figure out how he could turn her over for a better look without waking her up.
It wasn’t to be this time. Last night his hand had been forcibly removed from under her pillow when his fingers brushed against cold steel. Whether a gun or a knife, he wasn’t able to tell.
Footsteps sounded outside the door and Mike stumbled into the bedroom.
—It’s time to get the hell out. We need to get far away from this trouble until we figure out what’s going on.
—I’m with you on that. Mine sleeps with steel beneath her pillow.
—You’re lucky. Eloria has a loaded sawed-off under hers.
—There’s no way I'll be pissing those two off. I’ll be counting on you to remind me if I forget.
—The getting is good right about now. They’re both snoring.
The ten-minute walk to the plane gave them time to chase away the previous night’s cobwebs. Harry began the DI on the Pilatus to ready it for the return flight to base camp. Two Jeeps screeched to a halt. Dry-heaving, still drunk and hung-over mercs stumbled out. Mike elbowed Harry.
—Check out the drivers.
—Christ. What the hell are they doing here?
—Well, you did tell them you were looking for a place to live and someone to love.
—I might have made a mistake. It wouldn’t be my first.
Harry started in on the girls. They were just as hung over as the rest of them and in no mood for an argument. Eloria gestured towards the mercs with her Galil.
—Back off. They’re with us.
He knew better than to question a women holding a firearm in this part of the world.
—You should have mentioned something last night.
—Last night we didn’t know who you were.
He knew enough that in these parts it wouldn’t have been smart to announce it last night, either.
—Get those drunken excuses for mercs on board. You and your friend can wait here with Mike until I get back.


Reverse pitch halted the Pilatus in a thick, swirling cloud of red dust. Harry didn’t shut down, but instead set the throttle to ground idle. Irit and Eloria took in the ratty condition of the plane. It looked like they were about to change their minds. Mike gestured, and they loaded their gear. They climbed aboard and planted themselves on the floor.
—Doesn’t this look cozy. No seat. No seat belts. No intercom. No one told us this would be an accident looking for a place to happen.
—Check out the AKs strapped to the bulkhead. Do you think they’re for show or go?
A hung-over Harry was in no mood for backtalk. He turned in the left seat and leaned into the back.
—Stop whining, ladies. You’re in the army now.
—No, we were in the army back home. To get where we are now, we sold ourselves to the highest bidder.
Mike gestured for Irit to move up front with Harry. He shepherded her through the doorway.
—There’s your seat and harness. Lock in. We’re going on a ride.
Harry oversaw the belts. Satisfied, he advanced the throttle and taxied the PT-6 to the end of the strip. He set flaps, locked the brakes, pulled the column full aft and powered up. Mike used the opportunity to brace himself in the cargo complement. Eloria saw what he was doing and followed suit.
Harry kicked in right rudder as he firewalled the throttle. The lightly loaded plane accelerated quickly. He rotated on the tail-wheel, brought the nose up high, and dialed in the Porter for a steep climb-out. He banked and headed in the direction of the bush camp.
—You did that pretty good. How are you at landing?
Harry grinned across at Irit.
—You’re about to find out in just a bit.
The camp came into sight and Harry descended the Porter to circuit height. He waited for the strip to disappear under the nose of the Pilatus. He pulled the prop into Beta, dropped the nose to 45 degrees and the Porter descended like a summer fair carnival ride. At the bottom of the dive he flared to get the Pilatus into a three-wheel attitude for touchdown.
The high-pitched screaming wasn’t coming from the engine. It didn’t stop until the Pilatus gently bumped the runway. Harry couldn't shut down fast enough. Both passengers jumped out, ran to the tail and threw up.
—How was my landing?
The response came in stereo.
—Fuck you.
—Grab your gear and find a tent. The rest of us have work to do.
Six fully armed men climbed aboard. One handed Harry a map and pointed at several spots marked on it.
—When we land, we’ll be leaving one man with you and the plane like we always do. His orders are to let no one touch it or you on pain of death. Understood?


The women collected their firearms and their gear and humped their way to the tents scattered beneath the canopy on the far side of the airstrip. They pulled back a couple of the tent flys to check out the sleeping arrangements. They weren’t happy with the side-by-side racks they’d be sharing with the rest of the mercs. They reached the end, turned and retraced their steps. They only halted when they caught up to Mike.
—What is it?
—We’re moving our gear into your tent.
—What’s the problem?
—We’re not sharing bunks with those animals. We’ll end up mincemeat the minute we fall asleep.
—You might have a point. Our tent is off to the side. Look for the one that has the shower.
—All the comforts, or what?
Mike’s grin was bigger than he wanted.
—Well, it sure looks like it now.
28
Present Day - Djibouti


HARRY HAD THE DISTINCT feeling that he was being sized up for something following Art’s introduction to the ex-legionnaires. Unsure of what it could be, his mind wandered back to the woman who had helped Mike get across the border into Kenya years ago. Thanks to Eloria, they were both alive.
He took Mike at face value when he told him Eloria had been killed in the attack. He didn’t blame Mike for not going back to look for her in the heat of the pursuit with lead flying. Now, he wasn’t so sure.
Yes, Mike had convinced him beyond a doubt that Eloria had been killed during the chase north to the Kenyan border. Because of that, he hadn’t given a thought to going back. Now, he wasn’t sure that had been the right thing to do. Perhaps he should have done just that after getting out of the hospital.
Instead, he ended up taking Eloria’s and Irit’s Canadian passports to a foreign embassy rather than his own. When he presented them, they disappeared behind a door. It was a long wait until someone came out. That was when he knew his hunch had been right. He ended up being asked to show identification and then he was unceremoniously ejected from the embassy. The passports remained behind.
He never told Mike.
Neither of them told their wives about that rescue exercise, either. How Mike ended up with Eloria’s shotgun, now tucked under Barbara’s jacket, was never discussed. They both thought it was a story better left untold.
Until now.
When this was over, he’d need to have a conversation with Mike about all of it. He had to convince him it was time to tell the women.


Money changed hands and a phone call was placed by one of the ex-legionnaires. Following a brief wait, brakes squealed on an overloaded two-ton. It groaned to a slow stop in the dark. The truck repositioned to back against the derelict DC-3’s open cargo door. Barbara stood by. The shotgun remained concealed beneath her jacket.
It was all hands on deck to help unload the goods that included the twin 50s. The scrap metal and acetylene waited on the ground. The truck pulled away. Bill fired up the generator and the lights. He arranged the steel and lit the cutter. The gun mount wouldn’t be pretty, but once in action, it would be a killer.
—Art, do you see any problems with the 50s once we get them mounted?
—There’s going to be a couple. In the heat of the moment, we don’t want the muzzles arcing into the wing. Two, we want to keep them away from the elevator. Other than that, no.
—Is that a big deal?
—Not as long as we have rope or bungee cords to tie them off. That’ll keep things under control when the going gets tough.
Harry wasn’t convinced Bill was capable of doing the job.
—We’re sitting in the middle of night with nowhere to go for help. Does your guy know what he’s doing?
—Oh, he knows all right.
The words were small comfort.
—In that case, let’s start the engines and see what we’ve got.
With Harry's capable hands nursing the throttles while Mike observed, one engine followed by the other turned over and started without a hitch. A couple of run-ups later, Harry was satisfied.
—All the gauges look normal. Agreed?
—I agree. I’ll fly her.
Harry went in search of Barbara. He didn’t have far to go. She had advanced beyond the fringe of the lights and was keeping a watchful eye on their surroundings from the dark.
—Barbara, how about taking the two-ton over to the FBO. See if he can track down some empty fuel drums and an electric pump. We’ll need tie-downs, too.
She nodded and headed for the old truck.
—Don’t lead anyone back here until we’re done with the outfitting and ready to launch. I don’t want this firepower witnessed by anyone. The Yanks are liable to shoot us down on sight. The French might give us enough time to get away when they wonder what the hell is going on and decide they don’t want to be involved.
—What about the Somalis?
—If they’ve got Sasha and Christa, they won’t be long for this world.


The gas welder hissed and sparks flew in time with loud and frequent cursing. With Art’s help, the gun design the two engineers worked out on the flight into Djibouti began to take shape.
Harry pried open boxes like it was Christmas. The AKs looked to be brand new. The magazines would need loading and taping. The RPGs and their rounds were there. Ali would be one happy customer when he got his hands on this load of freight.
—Come on Barbara, give me a hand. We have a lot of work to do. I’ll show you how to load the mags. When we’re done, I’ll do the taping. I don’t have time to show you how.
—How about if I watch you do a couple and then I’ll copy you.
—No, I don’t think so. I’ll be on the ground, down and dirty. I need to know the mags will work the way they should. Don’t take it personal. Next time, okay?
He knew right away he shouldn’t have said it.
—Next time? Next time? If that woman of yours tries this shit again, I’ll take the butt-end of an AK to her myself.
—You’re supposed to remember how it works. Sasha gets herself in trouble, and we come looking to rescue her.
—Yes, well, this time there’s two of them.
—I don’t need to be reminded. Thanks to that fool Gene, my ex and our daughter are wandering around the desert at the whim of a bunch of land-based pirates.
—I can’t help it. I’ll tar and feather that woman myself.
Harry changed the subject to something more pressing.
—Did you get another look at the GPS locator when you ordered the fuel drums?
—They’re still moving overland. It looks like they’re headed to the coast, like you thought. It seems to be slow going for sure. They haven’t covered a lot of ground since the last time I checked.
—Probably pirates out of Eyl fed up with their chances on the ocean. They’re looking for land-locked ransom targets. I hope Gene is smart enough to keep his mouth shut about what a bigwig he is.
—I wouldn’t think that’s going to happen, but you didn’t hear it from me. He likes to run off at the mouth about how important he thinks he is. Mike won’t say anything, but he knows the guy can be a jerk.
—We have to get to them before they get to the coast. If they get to Eyl, they’ll disappear in town and we’ll never see them again. I’m going to give Ali a call. Keep stuffing those mags.
—You’re going to give me a lesson on how to handle an RPG. When the time comes, I want to know how to light something up, big time.
—No problem, girl. I’ll hook you up.
Mike chose that moment to appear beside his wife.
—Hook her up with what? What kind of deal are you two cooking up?
—Your wife wants to learn how to fire an RPG.
Mike didn’t hesitate.
—I’m good with that. Just make sure she doesn’t bring one home.


Harry was getting more anxious by the hour. He paced. He wandered back and forth. There was nothing he could do to speed things up. The gun mount was critical to the operation. Without it, they’d be limited to an overland counterattack.
All this time spent on the ground in the dark at a strange airport wasn’t good. That it was the middle of the night and they were lit up like a shopping mall parking lot only made it worse. It made what they were doing more suspicious.
His wife and daughter were wandering around in the desert with pirates bent on ransoming her boyfriend to the highest bidder. Dammit, but what the hell was she doing out there? Gene had turned out to be a dumbass. He’d have to have a talk with her about that man the next chance he got.
—How’s that mount coming along, Art?
—It’s done. We’re ready to install.
—All right. We need to get the drums loaded first.
—Barbara, what time did you arrange for fuel?
—0400 local.
Harry checked his watch.
—How did you make out with the mags?
—They’re ready to go. You’ll have plenty of time to tape them on the flight.
One thing bothered Harry about the 50s. It was Art’s description of how they could swing into the wing and the tail. If Bill became distracted or got carried away with the action on the ground, lead flying in the wrong directions would end up being disastrous.
—What did you come up with to protect our wings?
—Once we get straight and level, I’ll check the sight lines and cut some rope to tie them off on both sides. It’s primitive, but it won’t be a problem.
—Sounds good. Now, who’s missing? Where’s Mike?
—Right here. I just got off the phone with Ali. He’ll meet us at the strip with the technicals. If he has to, he’ll take it and hold it for us until we get there. He’ll bring fuel for us, too.
The one thing Harry and Mike had going for them was the location in the desert where Sasha and Christa had disappeared. Years earlier, they had both worked in the area. It was then that they met Ali and developed an instant rapport with the clan head-man.
—In that case, forget about loading the fuel drums. We won’t need them.
Headlights blazed a path towards the planes parked at the end of the strip. A black BMW eased to a stop overlooking the tarmac. The headlights remained on.
—What the hell is this? Guys, we’ve got company coming up.
—Douse the lights. We don’t need anyone seeing what we’re doing.
The ramp lights dimmed and went out Two doors slammed. Two men walked to the front of the car. The headlights served to backlight them, making perfect targets for anyone so inclined. The men lit cigarettes, and the double flash of orange flame illuminated two pairs of gleaming white teeth smiling in the dark.
—I can’t get to an AK.
Under her jacket Barbara pulled back the hammers on both barrels.
—Don’t worry. I’ve got you covered.
—You would, wouldn’t you?
—You’re damned right, mister. Who the hell is going to look after you two if I don’t?
—I’ve heard that before.
—You know it. Now get rid of those bastards.
—Salaam. What can we do for you this early in the day?
—Salaam alaikum. Someone has requested that we collect payment for taking up parking space on this end of the airport.
—Who would that be? We don’t pay baksheesh unless we know where it’s going.
—The people who are accompanying your friends in the desert sent us.
Barbara heard enough. They were talking about her friend Sasha and her daughter. She raised the shotty hanging off of her shoulder. Both barrels cleared her jacket. In that instant the men knew they had made a mistake.
—In that case, here’s your baksheesh.
The men reached for holstered weapons too late.
—Drop it off on your way to hell.
Barbara's finger closed on the twin triggers. She pulled them both. Two shotgun barrels exploded. Buckshot carried past the intruders, dousing the car’s headlights. The recoil forced her into a quarter-turn. She recovered instantly, breached, and reloaded.
—Anyone else? No? All right, guys. It’s past time to get your pale white asses in gear and get airborne before les flics arrive.
The men milled around, not quite sure what they had witnessed. Art’s eyes were as huge as saucers in the darkness. Barbara shouldered past all of them and climbed aboard the DC-3. She turned at the cargo door opening.
—Are you all going to stand around looking guilty? Someone clean up the tarmac and load those two in the trunk.
—Come on, boys. Let’s do what the woman says.
Barbara turned to address Art.
—Collect my brass.
Art’s retort came instantly.
—Yes, ma’am.
29
Out of the past - Tanzania


PILOTS AND OPERATORS prized the low-and-slow short-field capabilities of the Pilatus. The plane was designed to give access to locations that would otherwise be inaccessible. Areas with rough ground and extremely short landing runs surrounded by steep approach and departure paths could all be accessed in the Porter outfitted with its powerful PT-6 engine.
But while those characteristics inherent in the design were a positive for the pilots flying the aircraft, there were some flaws in the equation. The low-speed, low-altitude characteristics were a definite liability when it came to hot-zone landings.
Harry lined up with the familiar bush strip and set up his high-angle approach. He’d executed the landing at the same strip half a dozen times, and figured on doing it at least another six or seven, if not more.
The small plane disappeared beneath the canopy surrounding the strip and touched down. He stood on the brakes, pulled the control column full aft, and reverse-pitched to halt the landing run. The Pilatus stopped in a thick cloud of dust and sand kicked up by the powerful engine and its massive propeller in reverse pitch. Harry stood on a brake pedal and turned the aircraft to prepare for takeoff after the mission was accomplished.
All hell broke loose mere seconds after landing. Gunfire exploded and raked the fuselage. The dust cloud the engine had strained to produce offered no protection as it drifted off with the wind. Again and again lead poured into the flimsy aluminum plane. Harry found himself and his passengers in the middle of a hot zone.
The mercs stumbled out the door to confront the gunfire. Flying lead chased them around the aircraft. They returned fire until they found themselves surrounded by bush. A slight ridge offered protection. Ensconced behind it, they regrouped and aimlessly returned a steady stream of fire.
The mercs were out-gunned. The leader spotted the idling aircraft exactly where they had left it. They beat a hasty retreat into the open, returned more fire, and climbed aboard. Harry firewalled the throttle and fast-taxied the Porter to the far end of the short strip.
He ran out of room and stood on the brakes, forced to prepare for a turn that would line him up with the runway and his exit path. It was the opportunity the shooters were waiting for. They found their mark in the slow-turning plane. A shower of lead erupted inside the cockpit. Harry’s last act was to pull back the power and shut off the fuel. He deserted the plane and collapsed on the ground.
The mercs exited behind him. First out set up a perimeter while they retrieved Harry. Outgunned, the survivors retreated into the bush a second time under a hail of gunfire. Forced to take cover in low ground, they found themselves in a depression.
The thick cloud of dust slowly dissipated. As the mercs regained situational awareness, they realized they were trapped.
A wounded Harry ended up trapped with them.


Irit and Eloria were in the radio room when the call came in. Eloria ran to Mike’s tent. She stormed in and bent to rouse him.
—Wake up. Come on. Get up.
She poked and slapped at the sleeping man.
—What the hell are you doing? What time is it?
Already Eloria was making for the door.
—It’s late afternoon. Harry isn’t back. We heard a radio call. They’re taking fire.
Still groggy, Mike turned his boots upside down and bumped them together before slipping them on and lacing up. He barely had time to splash water on his face before Eloria grabbed an arm and hauled him towards the ops tent.
The sound of gunfire echoed in the background of the panicked voice behind the radio transmissions. As information trickled in, the gravity of the situation became clear. The Pilatus, their lifeline to the outside world, had been shot up. It was likely beyond repair. There was no mention of Harry.
—See what else you can find out. I’m going to suit up.
Mike loaded his backpack with full mags for the AK and some water and ration bars. He returned to find Irit and Eloria outfitted and waiting. Muted, sporadic gunfire could be heard overland in the distance.
—By the sound it’s not far. Will you be coming with me?
—We checked the map. The bush strip is only a couple of kilometers away.
—So then, are you volunteering?
—We’re ready to go. What’s in your pack?
—Mags and food.
—Pick up some grenades. And smoke markers in case we need to pop one. Did you get a radio?
—No. I never thought of it.
—We have them.
—Are you sure you want to come with me?
—Why not? You and Harry treated us all right. Why wouldn’t we want to get Harry back? Besides, we’re getting paid for this. And we like the way you outfitted your tent with a shower.
She didn’t mention that they likely wouldn’t be seeing the inside of the flight crew’s tent again.
Before slipping the map and topo sheets into his pack, Mike took a compass bearing.
—In that case, I feel a lot safer with you two. The rest of these so-called war dogs sitting on their happy asses in camp can kiss mine.
Mike had already made the rounds of the mercs that had remained behind in camp. Not a one volunteered to rescue their comrades. He hadn’t bothered to waste time explaining why they might want to help. He knew by their diverted eyes and mumbling voices.
—Let’s go.


Mike headed off on his compass bearing to the strip. The women followed. No one talked. Progress wasn’t difficult. The light ground cover and low scrub provided few obstacles to hinder their advance. As they closed the distance, the gunfire became louder and more sporadic. The women passed Mike. He moved to keep up.
Eloria motioned and called out in a low voice.
—Mike.
He recognized he was new at this. He halted in his tracks.
—Wait here. Stay down. Do not move until we return.
He nodded without comment. The women advanced to flank two thickets fifty meters apart. Both of them disappeared into the brush. A flash of sunlight on steel gave up Eloria’s position. Then nothing.
Minutes later, he heard a chirp and Eloria motioned him to move towards her. In the thicket, two bodies lay sprawled on the ground, one on top of the other. Irit exited the thicket.
—Do not look. You are not accustomed.
The woman’s instruction came too late.
The capabilities of these women became crystal clear to Mike. In the bar, wearing their camos, he thought they were a couple of camp-followers mugging the part. Even when they pulled the Galils out, they still hadn’t been completely convincing. That they had showed up in camp wasn’t unusual, either. They could have been a couple of stragglers hired for mess duty.
He was convinced now. They were the real thing. Stone cold killers when they needed to be. He was glad they volunteered to help him get to Harry. Eloria’s hand on his shoulder interrupted his thoughts. She looked him in the eye.
—Follow me. Stop and drop when I say.
There was no doubt whatsoever. He’d do whatever she told him to do. To the left, Irit crouched and leveled her Galil. Eloria did the same and motioned for him to drop beside her.
—Do you see that huge tree and the thicket under it?
Sweat streamed down Mike’s face. He swiped at it and nodded.
—We think the rest of them are there. Can you put a grenade into it?
—Yes.
He pulled one out of his pack.
—When I give the signal, pull the pin and throw. Don’t hesitate.
—I can do that.
—The sound of it dropping in the dirt should chase them out if they’re paying attention. When they run, start picking them off. Irit and I will finish up what you and the grenade miss.
He knew these two were more than capable of finishing up what he’d miss. Given that he’d never intentionally killed anyone, it was bound to be—
—Throw it.
Shit. She didn’t give a warning. He pulled the pin. Tossed the grenade. Pitched too short and watched it arc and land before it bounced into the thicket. Men cursed and scrambled out into the clearing. The grenade exploded. The women picked them off. Five men fell in rapid succession. He never had time to fire a round.
Again, Eloria motioned for him to follow. She finished off her targets with the double-barreled shotgun and paused to reload. Irit’s pistol echoed the shotgun’s boom. These two were something else. This was going to be a hard act to follow.
—Come. Walk with me.
She whistled into the canopy. Someone whistled back.
—Over this way. Come.
He followed the woman. They walked the ridge surrounding the depression. The danger appeared to be over. With Eloria on point and Irit bringing up the rear, it was minutes until they crossed paths with the crew of mercs.
Mike’s eyes roamed the group until he found Harry.
—How is he doing?
Harry didn’t look so good. His back was against a tree. He was pale and appeared weak. He wasn’t talking.
—He’s okay. He has a head wound. He took a bullet to his shoulder. It missed all the best parts. He’ll be all right. We’ve all survived worse.
—How are we going to get out of this mess? The plane is a writeoff. We’re going to have to walk to camp.
—There’s no way to get out of camp, even if we wanted to go back to it. The men we left behind will be useless in any event. I expect the infighting to have started already.
Mike pulled out the map sheet.
—Will this help? How about the rest of you? Any ideas?
The mercs moved away and began whispering among themselves. In minutes the discussion turned heated and loud. One left the group and approached Mike.
—We’re going back to camp. You can stay here with the pilot and the women. We want nothing to do with you.
Mike cast a withering gaze at the man.
—Would that be because you were just pulled out of the frying pan by two women?
The scornful look had no effect on the hardened merc. They were intent on getting back to camp.
—Those women did more to save your incompetent asses than all of you put together. The rest of your esteemed crew is still sitting on their asses in camp. They couldn’t be bothered to go to the radio room.
There was no response. He didn’t expect one.
—Leave me with some spare mags and grenades. The women have everything they need. We won’t be needing you. Go back to camp and get fat and lazy on the grub I flew in for you. So long.
The sullen mercs headed off toward camp. Mike splashed the still unconscious Harry with water. He groaned and opened his eyes.
—How many fingers, pardner?
Harry strained to answer. He looked up, grinned at Mike, and tried to focus.
—Do you want the truth, or would you like me to sugar-coat it?
—Give it to me straight. I can take it.
—By the look of it, I’d say not enough to get us out of this mess. I see you brought the women to cook and clean. Good deal.
It was too much for him. Harry slumped and passed out before Irit and Eloria could get a word out.
—He’ll pay for that when he’s better.
—Somehow, I think he knows that. He’s dreaming about it right now.
30
Present Day - Horn of Africa


MIKE RAN THE WEIGHT and balance numbers again. He ran a finger down the page. A little over 2,500 pounds of fuel on board the DC-3. Just over half in the tanks. Satisfied, he considered the estimated five hundred statute miles out of Djibouti direct to the desert landing strip. He marked an X on the Michelin road map. It was more like a trail map.
Ali had promised to make fuel available at the strip. That meant he wouldn’t be hauling dead weight in fuel. He’d be able to take on fuel at the strip for the return to Djibouti.
Once over the target, there would be plenty of fuel remaining. He’d be able to get in a couple of strafing runs before he’d need more. He didn't want it to go that way, of course. He needed to get his passengers deplaned, as well as the arms offloaded. It would make the DC-3 a lot lighter and more maneuverable on those strafing runs.
He looked over the twin .50 caliber guns and their jury-rigged swivel mount. He checked the arc. He needed to be sure his wing and tail were good. He tested the straps that would secure the guns as the twin muzzles tracked. Satisfied, he looked over the cargo. It too was secure.
—I’m sorry there are no seat belts for anyone on this fly-by-night charter.
Wide grins and nervous laughter came back to him.
—We’re good, Mike. No worse than sitting on top of the cargo on a single-engine Otter back in the old days.
Everyone laughed again, but he knew it to be true. The old days weren’t that far away in this part of the world.
—Try to do what Bill is doing and get some sleep.
He walked forward and climbed into the left seat, joining Harry already waiting in the right. It was time to fire up number one. He tapped the gauges and dialed in the altimeter. Outside, Art circled the flashlight.
—Old habits die hard, I see. You still do that on those fancy jets?
Both Harry and Mike had learned to fly in the bush pilot environment of single-engine piston aircraft and unreliable indicators.
—Yeah. You’re right. The guys give me a hard time, but I do it anyway. They keep telling me I’m going to break a glass one day in one of those expensive cockpits.
He got number two started and Mike taxied to the end of the paved strip before lining up the nose of the DC-3. He released the brakes and advanced the throttles. After a short takeoff run, the tail rose gently. The 3 lifted off the runway with plenty to spare. He followed the shore, keeping the ancient aircraft low over the water until he was far from the city.
More comfortable away from the lights left behind, he turned southeast and dialed in the twin-engine power settings that would give the old plane a climb of a thousand feet per minute.
He knew he was a little rusty with his seat-of-the pants flying ability in the left seat of the old Dakota. He hadn’t done it in years. That was all right, though. He had Harry for backup.
The plane reached cruising altitude. Mike reduced power to set cruise and relaxed only a bit. Across the flight deck, Harry sensed his concern.
—How does it feel to sit in one of these again? You’ve been getting fat and lazy in your jets back on the oil patch.
—I’d feel a lot better if I had a horizon. This bucket of bolts has no instrument panel.
—What are you complaining about? We’ve got a turn and bank. I see an artificial horizon. There’s an NDB. You monitor the engine instruments. I’ll do the flying and watch the panel.
Harry knew he could do it all, but he felt a sense of adventure building in Mike and he wanted to keep it going.
—You’re right. Dial in the reverse NDB for the strip we’re headed towards. It’s been too long since I did any seat-of-the-pants flying.
—In that case, I have control.
Mike released his grip on the column and repeated the phrase to recognize that Harry indeed had control.
—We’ll get a daylight horizon soon. You can take her when the sun begins to rise.
—I’m glad you’re my co-jo on this fly-by-night charter, Harry.
—I wouldn’t have it any other way, old friend. But don’t be too hasty. We haven’t discussed salary and benefits yet.
In the back, Bill was still stretched out flat on top of the wooden RPG boxes. He did what he did best, sleep and snore. The sound of the man’s supercharged snoring got the better of Barbara. She relocated to the ammo cases, only to find herself trapped beside Art.
He kept staring out the window, and she was glad of it. It meant he wouldn’t be pestering her with questions she didn’t want to answer any time soon.


Art looked over at Barbara and went back to staring out the window. It was starting to catch up to him, and he began to wonder exactly what he had gotten himself into with these people. He had more than a few questions. He walked forward and nudged Mike. He pretended to be casual, but the expression on his face was serious.
—Holy shit, you guys, where did you find these women?
Harry grinned across at Mike.
—Is there something wrong with our women, Art?
—No, no. I’m just sayin’. There’s one hanging a sawed-off shotgun from her shoulder who isn’t afraid to use it. She’s married to the guy who pays my salary.
—You’re right. That’s my wife. She’s never minded getting her hands dirty. Don’t forget it. And if you don’t believe it, ask Harry.
He didn’t ask Harry. He knew better by now.
—There’s another one wandering around out in the desert like she’s related to Moses.
It was Harry’s turn.
—Right again. And that’s my ex-wife.
—When the people who ponied up the arms asked who the buyers were going to be, I was more than a little reluctant to tell them. Then I thought about it and figured that since you’re new to these parts, I’d give your names up.
—What did you find out, Art?
—When I told them who you were, they knocked thousands off the price.
—Think of the money you saved us. Because of that, there might be a little something extra in next week’s pay envelope when we get home.
Mike wouldn’t use the word if. He never even considered it.
—I get the feeling there’s something you’re not telling me, but I’m afraid to ask. Who are you, and why haven’t I ever heard of you before? I’ve worked all over this continent for years.
He held out the shotty’s shell casings for Mike. Instead, Harry took them and handed them back.
—We like to keep a low profile, Art. Maybe Mike will fill you in when he has time. In the meantime, be sure to give these back to Barbara.
Mike joined in.
—Exactly. We’re kind of busy using the seat of our pants to keep this bucket of bolts on the straight and level. I wouldn’t want to say for sure, but right now might not be a good time to be asking us any questions. Go on back and talk to Barbara. She’ll tell you all about it.
Art disappeared behind the crates.
—He bought it. Damn, but he’s a brave man.
—It’s going to get interesting back there.
—She’ll set him straight. Did you see the look on Barbara’s face when he told her he didn’t want her coming along with the cash on the buy?
—I did, and I was ready to grab the shotgun because it looked like she was going to use it. I didn’t want her shooting him right then. He was still useful.
—When she flashed that shotty to show him who was boss that shut him up in a hurry.
Harry looked back to witness Art taking up his seat beside Barbara.
—There he goes. Any bets on how long it will take Barbara to show up?


Art began peppering Barbara with questions. Her answers were short and to the point. Finally, she had enough. She politely excused herself and headed for the cockpit.
—Which one of you shoved him in my direction?
Harry and Mike pointed at each other.
—I figured. But don’t worry. He’s one of us now. He asked if he could see the shotgun but first he wanted to know if it was loaded.
—Did you give it to him?
—No way. After I opened it to show him it really was loaded, I closed it up. I’m no virgin, remember?
—We remember. The Baja wasn’t that long ago.
The pair high-fived and grinned.
—No woman could stay one for long hanging out with the two of you. Now what are you going to do about Sasha? Harry?
Christ. The woman hadn’t changed in all these years. She was still the same old Barbara, asking questions he didn’t want to answer. His ex was the same way.
—First on the list is sweeping her sweet ass up off the desert.
—That’s not what I meant, and you know it.
—I know—and I don’t know. She seems to be pretty stuck on Gene. Christa seems to like him, too. Besides, Sasha picked him, so he must be quite the guy.
—Well, you’re in the hot seat now. That must say something about your feelings.
—Christa is always going to be my daughter. Sasha and I get along well enough that we can share her with no problems. If one of them is in trouble, they’re both in trouble.
—You need to do more than pay the bills, Harry. I’m telling you.
—Is there something I need to know?
—You need to know that you’re back in the middle of a desert on the Horn of Africa. You’re chasing after your ex-wife and daughter, who are following another man around the continent. That same dumbass with half a brain is leading all of us on a magic carpet ride across sand dunes. If the son of a bitch that put those two into this mess had any cojones, he’d be—
Harry scanned the instrument panel. His eyes halted at the hydraulic oil pressure indicators. He held up a hand. Barbara knew to stop talking and pay attention.
—Tell Art to come up front, please. Right away. I have a question.


Art scanned the hydraulic control panel on the bulkhead. The system pressure had dropped, but so far seemed to be holding steady. Harry tapped the hydraulic pressure gauge.
—If we lose pressure, we lose the landing gear.
—Has the needle moved since you first noticed it?
—No. Are we going to be able to keep this thing in the air for another half hour until sunrise? We’ll need until then to look for a track to put her down on.
—How has the landing gear pressure been?
—Steady.
Art ran through a mental checklist for the old DC-3, picturing the diagrams as he went. It had been ages since he last worked on one.
—The hydraulic pumps are driven off of an accessory gearbox on each engine. Use the selector to switch between them.
—I’ve been doing that. It looks like number one.
—It should hold until we get to the strip. When you weren’t looking, I put on a drum each of hydraulic fluid and oil. We’ll be good once you get her on the ground. If it’s a leak I can’t fix, I’ll rig a setup with the drum and a hand pump to keep the tank filled while we’re in the air.
—Thanks, Art. You’re a good man.
—Not as good as Mike’s wife. I can’t wait to meet the other one roaming the desert.
—Two, Art. There’s two good women roaming the desert.
Art raised an eyebrow before remembering that Harry’s ex-wife and their daughter were roaming the desert thanks to pirates. He retreated aft to sit with the ever-sleeping Bill. He knew by now he wasn’t exactly Barbara’s cup of tea.
—That’s got him. Go easy, Harry. He’s not made like the rest of us.
—Maybe not, but he deserves a bonus after what he and his buddies did for us by getting all that hardware.
—Don’t worry. When we get everyone’s asses out of this mess, I’ll take care of both of them. I just hope Bill’s mount doesn’t come apart from the pounding it’s going to take from those twin 50s. If it doesn’t hold together long enough to see this through—
—You don’t have a Plan B, do you?
—No.
Mike turned away from Harry and to stare out the forward windscreen.
—Neither do I.
31
Present Day - Horn of Africa


RELENTLESS NOONDAY SUN beat down on the pirate convoy from an endless blue sky. Waves of heat reflected off the light-colored sand. Sasha reached for the metal, testing it. She pulled her hand away from the hot burning metal heated to boiling in the relentless sun.
The heat forced her to rearrange her large scarf. She adjusted it to provide more shade for her daughter. It provided no relief from the clouds of sand and dust kicked up by the leading vehicles of the convoy. It penetrated every bit of clothing and covered every pore of exposed skin.
In the inhospitable environment, they were sunburned, thirsty, and extremely uncomfortable. Sasha called out to anyone who might listen.
—My daughter is thirsty again. She’s hungry, too.
A passenger in the technical beside her called out.
—It is almost noon. We will stop soon to put up shade for you and your daughter.
—Thank you. She needs more water.
Water didn’t appear to be a problem for Gene. Even Christa noticed the man taking more than his fair share. He had to be bribing the men—at least until the cash in his pocket disappeared. How far would he get when his money ran out?
—You will eat when we get to camp.
—Where is camp? How long will it be?
A number two in charge of the convoy answered her.
—You will find out soon enough.
Gene, still on his self-important rant, proved harder to satisfy. The extra water they gave him allowed him to think he had some influence with the kidnappers.
—Will there be a phone there? I need to call my company. They’ll be concerned that they haven’t heard from me.
Sasha cast a concerned glance in Gene’s direction. So far, he hadn’t uttered a word of concern for Christa or for her. Just who was this man she had tied her wagon to? Even Christa had noticed that Gene didn’t care about either of them.
She admitted to herself that she should have kept Harry when she had the chance. There were none like him, anyway. Any doubt she had was long gone, chased away by Gene’s self-importance and constant whining. She turned to her daughter.
—Honey, did you press the button again like I asked you to?
Christa was a real trouper. Harry would be happy to know how dependable his daughter was when it came to deploying the beacon.
—Yes. The little light didn’t come on.
Sasha’s heart sank. Batteries. Why hadn’t she replaced them with brand-new batteries when she had a chance? Surely Harry would have done so. In fact, he probably had. The equipment was new. Knowing Harry, he might even have acquired a test model just for them. If that was the case—
Was the signal even working? Was anyone getting their SOS? Who could possibly be on the receiving end if the equipment was still being tested? Who would be watching?
She was worrying now, and that wasn’t good. If Christa found out she was scared about what was happening to them— She had to be strong for her daughter. Gene wasn’t the man to be strong for them. It had become obvious that they had been tossed aside for water and access to a phone.
Either the signal had been enough, or they were doomed to be imprisoned in some dustbin on the Horn of Africa until someone sent a ransom demand. How long would that take? There would be endless negotiations. She began thinking the mess Gene put them in would never end.
She had to accept a measure of blame, too. She had gone off with Gene thinking this trip would cement her relationship. It would be an opportunity to get to know him better. Well, she was certainly getting to know him better. She didn’t like what she saw. She liked even less what she was learning about the man.
She doubted it would get better.
Sasha went back to worrying about whether the distress messages were getting through. She worried even more about her daughter. The situation she found them in was hopeless. It was too much for even a glimmer that Harry would show up to save the day.
She hoped anyway. She gained some small measure of joy imagining what would happen when he found them.
If he found them.
—Why are you smiling, mommy?
—I was just thinking about Harry, dear.
Christa smiled up at her mother.
—I was too.
She hugged her daughter even tighter and convinced herself it was all about hope.


Harry had a difficult time wrapping his head around the fact that Sasha had accompanied Gene on his trip. Not only that, but she had taken their daughter with her. Surely, if she thought about where they were going, she might have re-considered taking Christa.
It wasn’t Sasha’s first rodeo, either, considering what transpired years ago on the Baja. She must have thought she’d spend a couple of nights in a foreign city somewhere, see the sights with Christa, and then meet Gene when he returned from the oil company site.
That was more than reasonable. He’d have been happy to go along with that. No doubt Gene didn’t tell her he was planning on taking the two of them out to the well-site in the middle of a desert. That it was five hundred miles from any semblance of civilization should have been a concern.
Hell, if she asked, he might have given her a better picture of the problems. He also knew it wouldn’t have stopped the woman. That’s one of many things he loved about Sasha. She did things her way on her terms.
My way or the highway, he liked to tease her.
Well, now she was in the middle of a desert on a highway to hell.
Dammit, he should have tried to stop her. At the least, he should have tried to talk her out of taking Christa. Sasha would have gone anyway, with or without his okay. She could have left Christa with Barbara.
It occurred to him she should have been able to leave their daughter with him, but he was in town for only a few days. Now his daughter had become a part of Gene’s folly. He was trying to show off for them. Jesus, do men never grow up as far as a woman is concerned?
He already knew the answer to that. He was guilty as hell.


The kidnappers abandoned the main trail on their way to the ocean and the protection of their pirate stronghold in Eyl. It proved to be slow going. They were on an ancient, dry riverbed, built by many tributaries resulting in the flat plain. Sand dunes, rock outcrops, ridges, dry wadi, all had to be traversed to make their goal. It was slowing them down considerably.
After a heated discussion, the convoy got underway yet again. Left even farther behind was any sign of road or trail. The slower pace was a welcome relief in the relentless heat. Sasha hoped for cooler temperatures once they ran up against the ocean.
If they were headed to the ocean. She didn't know for sure. It seemed like days since the plane landed and they’d become captives.
A vast expanse of unbroken sand and distance lay ahead. The Jeeps and half-tons were incapable of making time in the loose, deep sand. It turned into wind-formed dunes. Trucks sunk up to their axles in the loose sand. It halted the convoy’s progress in its tracks.
She thought it strange that these desert kidnappers would have such a hard time traversing territory they supposedly knew so well. Perhaps they were in too much of a hurry to get to wherever it was they were being taken.
Sasha started out worrying about the kidnappers and what they wanted with them. As the ordeal went on, it became obvious they were after Gene. She relaxed only a little and began to treat it as an adventure for both her and her daughter.
What else could she do? They were trapped. There would be no getting out until Harry showed up. At least, that’s what she told herself. She had no idea whether the Tracker signals were getting through.
—Get out. There will be no more travel today. We are done.
An annoyed Gene couldn’t keep his mouth shut.
—Stuck? Do you dumb bastards know how to drive?
—Gene, if I were you, I’d shut up and do what they say.
—What makes you such an expert with these idiots? They live here and they don’t know how to drive a truck across a desert, for Christ’s sake.
—You must listen to what your woman says.
—She’s not my woman. She has to marry me before I’ll ever listen to the likes of her.
That was illuminating. It was slow to dawn on her, but Sasha finally realized that Gene would be better off without her—and without Christa. It had taken getting stranded in the middle of an African desert for her to figure that out.
Where were all the good men in the world that she had saddled herself with the likes of Gene? She should have listened to Barbara when she chastised her for not getting back with Harry. She made up her mind to tell her that the next time she saw the woman.
From where she sat, it wouldn’t be soon.
She turned to ask Gene a question and instead witnessed a kidnapper knock him on the side of the head with the butt of a rifle she recognized as an AK-47. Gene landed face-down in the sand, finally quieted.
She made no move to help him. Rather, she used the opportunity to get a better look at the weapons. She had seen them before. They were definitely AKs.
She flashed back to her time on the Baja when Harry had taken her under his wing. He had trained her how to fire the AK-47. They had crossed paths with the weapons when sicarios, killers, bent on finding them, were outsmarted in a parking lot. Would she be able to get her hands on one?
She had thinking to do. She would bide her time and try to come up with a plan. She thought back to Harry and the Baja again. She recalled how he had told her the AK47 was the most reliable firearm in the world.
If it fell in a river, you fished it out and put it to work. If you slipped and fell into a mud hole, you straightened up and began firing. If you had to fish one out of a sand dune, you dragged it out, gave it a shake, and put it to use.
She looked around the Jeep, remembering. Smiling to herself. That was when she saw them.
32
Out of the past - Tanzania


MIKE HALTED ON THE EDGE of a small clearing. He was three hundred feet from the wrecked Pilatus. He took off his hat and wiped the sweat from his face as he regarded his three companions. The women weren’t the problem. It was Harry that concerned him.
The man didn’t look good. Sweat poured down his face and saturated his shirt, front and back. He struggled to walk, limping along, sometimes beside, sometimes behind. With every step, his breathing was difficult and labored, even with the women supporting him. They would have to stop more often.
—Gather round, boys and girls. You too, Harry, if you can stay with us.
Mike opened the map case he brought from the ops tent. Half-a-dozen aerial photos slipped out and fell to the ground. He smoothed the dirt before unfolding the paper map. He placed it on the ground beside the photos. Lined up his compass on the map. Arranged and rearranged the photos until they matched.
—Well now. This is too good to be true. We’re in business.
He checked the compass and studied the black and white terrain in the photos.
—Does anyone have any input?
—You two are the pilots. What do you see?
—I’m not sure. Harry, look here.
Harry groaned, reluctant to open his eyes. He swiped at the perspiration running down his face. Blinked. Squinted past stinging salt before leaning back against a shrub. It gave way, and he groaned. Irit bent and helped to straighten him. She remained beside him, helping to keep him upright.
The spot Mike indicated was open and brighter than the others.
—It looks like a mine. What do you think?
Harry inhaled and groaned.
—It’s a mine, all right. Tanzanite if I recall. If we can get there, we can steal a truck and get out of this mess. What do you say, Eloria? Irit?
—We’re game. We won’t be going back to the base camp. Now that we know how those little boys with their tiny penises feel about being rescued by women, we’d be dead meat in no time.
—That’s the spirit. Does that mean you’ll be making it a foursome?
Harry tried not to laugh. It was a lost cause when his smile turned into a painful grimace. He coughed and wheezed.
—We were looking forward to showers in your tent. It would have been, how do you say, a bonus if you were with us. Now it is out of the question. We will first need a conference.
Their grins matched before the women could contain their laughter.
—Yes, we’re coming with you.
Irit took a bandage roll out of her bag. She allowed Harry to remain with his back against the bush while she completed the first aid job the mercs had started. When she finished, his arm ended up cradled in a rough imitation of a sling.
—Harry.
She snapped her fingers and shook him.
—Harry. Are you able to walk on your own?
He groaned and wheezed, still out of it. Still willing to try.
—I think so. If not, you’ll have to carry me, pard.
Harry looked up at Mike and grinned another crooked grin in time to see him shake his head.
—Yeah. No. Fat chance of that, stranger. In no time we’d be fresh meat to whatever caught up to us. You’re going to have to suck it up.
The women gathered their gear.
—Come on, you two. We can’t stay here. In case you forgot, there is fresh feed for the hyenas.
Irit gestured toward the downed plane and the bodies.
—You’re right. I have to get back to the plane to pick up my pack and the AK. Who’s coming?
—We’ll all go. There’s a survival kit on board. We can check our course to the mine one more time. Judging by the distance, it’s going to be a long stroll through the bush. At least two days.
Mike didn’t want Harry walking any more than necessary, but now that he was paying attention to Harry’s wounds, it would be a test of what strength the man had left.
Harry groaned again, but this time it wasn’t from the pain.
—Two days? I’ll never make it.
Eloria and Irit exchanged glances. The look didn’t go unnoticed.
—Yes, you will. You wouldn’t want the hyenas tearing you apart while you are alive. Give up and we’ll have to kill you.
—She’s right, Harry.
It was Harry’s turn to shake his head.
—You two aren’t going to be any help, are you? I can’t get any sympathy.
Mike helped Harry gather up his backpack, and they made their way to the plane. He collected the AK from the cabin.
—I don’t know if you’ll be able to carry this. Try it. If you can’t, we’ll dump it.
Harry was as ready as he could be with a mild concussion and a shoulder wound.
—Did you figure out a bearing?
—We’re good. We won’t move without you.
—That’s comforting. Do I have to stay awake the whole time? Can I trust you to be with me the next time I wake up?
—Unless the women talk me out of it.
—In that case, I’m glad I didn’t piss them off with the landing I put them through.
—I wouldn’t be so sure about that, partner.


They made good time, even with the wounded Harry to slow them down. The ground cover was light and mostly knee-high. The underbrush was uneven, yet easy enough to step through. By evening, they found themselves at a narrow stream trickling into a shallow pool.
—It’s late enough. We’ll hole up back of that stream until it’s daylight in the swamp.
—What’s for supper, ladies?
—We don’t cook. We fight.
—That’s the truth, and that’s all right—this time. Come on, Eloria. We’re going for a swim. I need to clean up.
Eager as he was, Mike wasn’t thinking about the possibilities for fresh game making its way to the waterhole.
—You can’t swim in that. Something will eat you. If there’s nothing to eat you in the water, wait until something comes for a drink.
—Don’t be a spoilsport. One of us will stand guard for the other. I’ll keep watch first. You clean up.
—No, you will go first. If there’s nothing in that water that wants you, then we’ll change.
—That’s good enough for me. The rest of you, don’t wait up for us if you hear growls and screams.
—Yeah, I know. I heard the two of you back in town, remember?
The pair laughed and headed for the pool. Mike halted and looked back.
—Harry, if you’re feeling up to it, why don’t you throw some wine and cheese together while we’re getting cleaned up?
Already Irit had Harry on the ground and was attempting to make him comfortable. She left him to gather wood for a fire.
—Would you like a formal white tablecloth, or would checkered be more to your liking?
Harry’s eyes closed, and he fell into a restless sleep.


The women were first to wake. They used the time to go through their gear, sharing ammunition and grenades and smoke. Irit examined Harry’s AK. She pulled back the slide. Checked the receiver. Extracted the mag. Satisfied, she replaced it and safetied. Mike walked into the clearing and called out.
—There you are. We were wondering if you had hiked back to camp.
—How soon you forget. It was my turn to stand watch while you all got your beauty sleep.
He was tired, but glad Harry had made it through the night. They broke camp slowly, all of them fatigued by standing watch for curious animals on their way to the watering hole. 
—Is he going to make it?
Mike hated asking the question.
—He will make it with your help. We will help you. We need to go.
Mobile now, it was a struggle to keep Harry moving forward. His shoulder wound slowed progress, as did the developing limp caused by his concussion.
Noon of day two saw them come out on a low hill overlooking the mining operation pictured in the aerial photo. Eloria searched in her bag and came up with a small scope. She trained it on the open-pit tanzanite mine. She searched, scanning back and forth.
—There’s a blockhouse with two guards. The gravel road has a swing gate. No fence. No perimeter road or trail.
—It’s not patrolled. What about vehicles?
—One-tons. A Rover. A small half-ton of some kind. It looks like they’re all junk.
—What about that Rover? Does it look like it might be good? Every car lot has them. Once we hit civilization, we’d be able to make a trade for traveling money.
—Traveling money? That’s a tanzanite mine. All the money we could want is sitting there for the taking.
—Maybe so, but we still have to get our hands on it.
Eloria kept up her search with the scope.
—The only guards are sitting by the blockhouse. That has to be where they keep the goods until they’re shipped. Why don’t we take possession and make the next delivery?
Harry sighed, disappointed that he’d be unable to take part in the action.
—Don’t count on me. I’m out of it.
—No problem. I will move close to the blockhouse to provide cover if it is necessary. Mike will take the Land Rover. Eloria will cover for him if he takes fire.
—There shouldn’t be resistance until we get close to the blockhouse. Even then, they won’t know who’s coming up on them. We’ll have the element of surprise.
—While we’re there, how about if we look for something to eat?
—On top of everything else, now you’re hungry?
—You Canadians. Enough daydreaming. Let us go.
Mike and Eloria strolled nonchalantly down the hill, making straight for the coveted Land Rover. Mike yanked the wires from beneath the steering column. Cursed and flashed pairs until he found the correct sequence. The Rover fired up like a dream come true.
They stopped to load Harry waiting by the side of the road and then continued down the rough trail towards the guardhouse. They arrived to find Irit had the blockhouse under control. She was inside, already setting the charge.
They cleared out, and Irit ignited the charge. The strongbox exploded with a bang loud enough to wake the dead. The cloud of dust and debris and smoke cleared. For all the trouble, the inside of the strongbox contained nothing of value.
—Shit. We have to get out of here. Now.


Mike kept the Rover bouncing wildly down the dirt road as fast as he could. It wasn’t easy with the tired suspension on the old truck. It jerked and rocked back and forth, threatening to run off the road or toss them out. Sighs of relief went unnoticed as Mike yanked the wheel and the Rover careened onto the paved highway.
Up front, Eloria rode shotgun with her twin-barreled cut-off cradled across her lap. Ideally, she used it only for close-in work. Now that they were on the run, she found it best to be prepared for any eventuality.
Every time the wheels bounced through a rough patch, Harry, stretched across the back seat, groaned. Beside him, Irit pushed and steadied herself against Mike’s seat-back. Dutifully, she scanned the road just traveled for any eventuality that would prevent them from making the border. When she could, she ministered to Harry the only way she could—by telling him they were almost at the border.
Mike studied the passing surroundings and then the odometer.
—We’re almost home-free. Only a few kilometers to go.
Irit yelled from the back.
—Jeep. Coming up fast.
Mike jammed the pedal to the floor. The Rover rocked and rolled even more violently. A badly aimed RPG round whooshed past and struck a tree, exploding in the canopy. Tree branches followed by broken windshield landed on everyone. He called back to Irit.
—Where the hell did that come from?
Nothing. Mike stomped even harder on the gas in a vain attempt to keep them as far ahead of their pursuers as he could. The old Rover had nothing left to give. At top speed, it bounced over the road with a fury.
—Can someone look at a map and see how far we are from the border?
In the back on the floor by Harry, Irit lay sprawled across the seat. A branch protruded from her chest. Eloria bent over her friend, frantically trying to resuscitate her. Cursing, she gave up and dropped the seat-back. Both Galils lay across her lap. Grenades bounced on the floor.
—Those bastards won’t keep living for long.
Mike called out into the back.
—Pop some smoke. That might keep them off us for a bit. The border can’t be much farther.
On a straight stretch, in the open and exposed, Mike caught sight of white buildings surrounded by a grassy plain. It had to be the border with Kenya. What else could it be?
—Mike, take this. It’s loaded.
Eloria handed him her shotgun.
—This won’t be good. Pop more smoke for us.
Nothing. He turned to look in the back. Harry slumped in his seat. Irit’s body lay where Eloria left it. She popped smoke to cover their position. The distinctive sound of her Galil penetrated the cloud. She was busy trying her best to hold off the fast approaching attackers.
—Mike. Slow down. Slow down.
Against his better judgment, he did as he was told. He knew better than to question this woman engaged in fierce, deadly combat. Eloria fired and reloaded and fired until her Galil was empty. She grabbed Irit’s weapon and emptied it in measured response at the approaching Jeep.
It continued to gain.
The gunfire halted. Mike checked his mirror and saw a second Jeep speeding through the smoke. It was gaining. He couldn’t make out Eloria in the broken mirror.
The heavy gate at Namanga came up fast. Mike refused to slow. He ducked and plowed through. Guards yelled and waved and scrambled out of the way. The Land Rover careened past.
Kenya hung out the welcome sign, and a determined Mike was hell-bound for Nairobi and a hospital.
A half-hour past the gate, Mike braked to a sliding stop in the high grass. He pulled Irit’s lifeless body from the back of the Jeep and left her on the side of the road with the empty weapons. He kept Eloria’s shotgun. He felt for Harry’s pulse. It was just as well he wasn’t conscious.
Mike climbed onto the Rover’s hood and looked around. He was unsure what to expect. Vehicles from the border station should be on the way to apprehend them. There was no one. Nothing but a smoke cloud. He jumped down from the hood and held his hands out in front of him. He wasn’t able to still the trembling until he gripped the steering wheel.
He eased the Rover onto the paved highway and sped towards Nairobi as though in a dream.
33
Present Day - Horn of Africa

HARRY COULDN’T IGNORE MIKE sitting in the DC-3’s left seat any longer. The grin pasted on his face was too distracting.
—I can tell you’re getting the hang of it again. I told you it wouldn’t take long.
Mike gave him his What the hell are we doing here? look, even though he well knew.
—You know, I have to admit to a certain amount of luck and good fortune with the business to get it profitable. Would you mind explaining why I ended up giving it all up for today?
—Because we’re two of the dumbest sons-of-bitches in aviation?
—Possibly. But besides that.
—Your shit-eating grin pretty much says it all.
—Now you’re stating the obvious.
Harry went on.
—Look at it this way. You ended up taking Barbara on the vacation of a lifetime. When this is all over, there’s no way she’ll be nagging you to take her somewhere for a long time.
Arms came up for the celebratory high-five slap. The high-five came to an abrupt halt when a third hand inserted itself between theirs.
—Will you two stop trying to cheap me out of a vaycay? I deserve better than this. And Sasha certainly deserves more than what she’s getting from that loser she’s traipsing around with in the desert.
No way would the two of them admit defeat, even though they were caught red-handed.
—Oh miss, you’ll have to return to your seat. Fraternizing with the flight crew is not permitted and against regulations. It could distract them from their duties and endanger the well-being of the rest of the passengers and crew.
Barbara put her hands on her hips and looked at Harry, sitting smug in the right seat. He found himself suddenly busy tapping gauges and checking numbers.
—You owe me, buster.
Barbara was about to abandon the cockpit and return to her seat in the back. She abruptly changed her mind.
—Furthermore, distract this.
She raised her shirt and bared her breasts just as Harry and Mike turned towards her.
—Gosh, Mike. You are one lucky man. She looks exactly the same as she did on the Baja.
The two men high-fived once more. A red-faced Harry couldn’t halt the nervous grin. Before anyone could say anything, he went back to checking the gauges.
—You both owe me big time, and I don’t mean for the look I just gave you, Harry.
Barbara grinned at the two men.
—I’m going back to sit with Art. You two owe me for that, too.


The distraction had taken them over familiar territory beneath the DC-3. They looked out windows at the now dry wadi that had been at one time in the far distant past a proud river that scoured the valley between distant cliff faces. It ran roughly from the northwest to the southeast. Now the feeble underground stream surfaced at Eyl, on the shores of the Indian Ocean.
Mike added power to climb to 10,000 feet. On reaching it, he put the once-proud DC-3 workhorse in a shallow bank. It allowed him to renew his acquaintance with their old stomping ground.
—We’re here. Let’s see if we can find our girls.
Mike began scouring the ground out the cockpit’s port window. Harry leaned over him. Two pairs of eyes searched the desert as their old service strip disappeared beneath the wing. What they were looking at hadn’t changed in a hundred years, and it wouldn’t change over the next hundred.
—Overland travel in that sand won’t be easy.
—They shouldn’t be far from their last position. A sighting would make the ground chase a lot easier.
—Here comes the strip again. Look. And there they are. Nine o’clock low. Our strip is west of them.
—I’d say they’ve made three or four miles past at most.
—It looks like they’re off the trail. That’s what’s slowing them down.
—There’s no sense broadcasting our arrival. Throttle back and set up for the other side of the strip.
Mike did as instructed. His friend was the experienced desert aviator. Doing the landing would give Harry the chance to renew his abilities in the DC-3.
—You’ll need to come in low and slow from a distance so as not to alert them. Drop the gear when you get as low as you can to that sand.
It was then Mike knew he’d be doing the approach and landing. He was a long way from home and his office desk.
There would be no turning back for any of them.


Harry shared cockpit duties as he talked Mike through the approach and landing checklist for the ancient plane. Mike performed flawlessly, although a little slowly. He was re-familiarizing himself as he went along.
—You’re not as rusty as you think.
—Maybe not, Harry, but just the same I’m glad you’re sitting as my number two.
Harry continued calling the numbers as Mike lowered and set the flaps.
—Gear.
Mike selected gear down. The indicator lights illuminated and Harry called Gear green. Mike continued to keep the 3 low and slow on final across the wind-swept dunes. Harry’s hands backed up his own as he pulled back the throttles and mushed onto the strip.
—Smooth as silk, Captain. You’re hired. When can you start?
—I’ll let you know when we touch down at JIB.
—I’ve got her, Mike.
—You have control.
Mike was fine with Harry taking over ground taxiing the heavy plane loaded with arms in the mushy sand.
—Art did a job taking air out of those tires. This thing about floats over all that sand.
If the plane bogged down in the sand, they’d be trucking it to Djibouti, well over 500 miles overland to the north. It would force the planned airborne assault to distract the kidnappers into a full-blown ground operation.
It was something they discussed, and didn’t want to do. It would put the women in too much danger.
—I’m going to position for a quick departure, just in case.
Harry advanced the throttles to maneuver the DC-3 into position with the nose pointing down the strip. Satisfied, he shut down in a cloud of dust and sand. A nervous Art waited between the seats.
—There’s a crowd outside waiting for us. Did you see them?
—They’re okay, Art. If they weren’t, the plane and everyone in it would have been shot up by now.
Art visibly relaxed.
—How did she taxi?
—Like a dream, Art. Good job on the tires.
Already the air in the plane was growing warmer.
—You’ll have to figure out what’s going on with the hydraulics in a hurry. The rest of us will offload the arms we won’t be needing.
The cargo door opened and an even hotter blast of dry desert air flooded the cabin.
—Ali is going to be happy with his delivery. He’s nervous for his clan with all the crazy fundamentalists running around this part of the country.
—We’re giving him enough armament for a small army. I’m glad he’s on our side.
Art got busy troubleshooting the hydraulic lines from memory.
—What do you make of the pressure loss?
—I’m worried. If this airplane claps out, we’re in trouble. Ali might have dug up fuel and two technicals for us, but there’s no way he’ll be able to deliver a DC-3.
Art headed for the back of the plane and jumped onto the ground. He gestured at a technical and motioned for the driver to pull up beneath the number one engine.
The driver hesitated. He turned to look at an old man standing by the edge of the strip. His robes fluttered in the wind. He nodded assent, and the technical moved beneath the engine.
Art waved his thanks before climbing onto the back of the truck. He moved past the .50 caliber mounted on the bed and climbed onto the roof with a handful of tools. He began loosening the cowlings and eventually the bottom half of number one engine came into view.
Still in the back of the plane, Bill fussed over the heavy mount for the twin 50s. Satisfied, he called for Mike and Harry to help him remove the door and secure it. The three of them wrestled the gun mount into the doorway. Bill bolted it to the airframe.
—It’s not as strong as I’d like it, but Art and I did the best we could on such short notice. She’ll hold for what needs to be done. No guarantees after that.
Harry nodded.
—If you and Art say so, then I trust your work. We’re not planning on starting a war. All we need is a few thousand rounds and we’ll be good to go.
—As long as Mike knows I’ll need to test fire the rig in-flight to sight her in.
Bill continued with his fussing, greasing the friction points on the jury-rigged gun mount. He swiveled the dual guns in all directions to check the firing arc. On the ground, nervous gunmen racked their weapons and aimed them at the DC-3. A word and an arm signal from the old man caused them to stand down.
Satisfied with the way things were proceeding with the gun mount, Harry jumped to the ground. The man he and Mike had gotten to know so well in the past began striding towards the DC-3.
—Jambo, Ali. Greetings.
Harry returned Ali’s grin and stuck out his hand. The old man took it and held on.
—Jambo, bwana Harry. Hibari? How are you?
—Mazuri. Fine, fine. And you?
—I too am well, old friend.
—You have aged well. It must be your young wives.
—It costs much to have young wives. I must have old wives to keep them in order.
—Mike will be here in a minute. He brought his wife to meet you.
—So I have heard. She did well by both of you in Djibouti.
Already the old man had heard of the shooting. It was always thus in this part of the world.
—News travels fast.
—If I did not have many informers, I would not still be here for you in your time of need.
—We are very grateful, Ali. Now come and have a look at what we brought for you.
He helped the old man into the plane.
—If this were anyone but you, I would be wary of people bearing such gifts. But enough of business for now. You must tell me about the woman that has brought you this great distance one last time.
34
Present Day - Horn of Africa


MIKE JOINED ART on the back of the technical. He already knew the fastidious Art would be concerned about getting everyone safely back to Djibouti aboard the plane. He also knew his chief engineer was a can-do guy who had learned from the best how to do his job. He could improvise with the best of them. He had witnessed it repeatedly, most recently with the design of the mount for the twin 50s that would hang off the DC-3’s cargo door.
He waited patiently for a chance to get a word in with the talkative engineer.
—This antique is holding together better than I expected, but for that pressure leak. If we can’t get it repaired, it will limit our options.
—That’s not good news. It will mean a running gun-battle on flat terrain with unobstructed visibility for miles. That won’t be good for the hostages. Or any of us.
Mike looked off to the east, towards the pirate convoy carrying Harry’s wife and daughter to the coast. He couldn’t see them, but he knew they were there. He’d spotted them from the air.
—Have you figured out what we need?
—I need to replace number one hydraulic pump. Seals are gone. I don’t suppose this crate came with any spares. Get me a hydraulic pump and we can fly this tin can to hell.
Mike grinned at his long-time engineer.
—Hell is good. It’s where we’re going. One problem, though. We’ll need to get back, too.
—This plane will get us to hell. I’m not so sure about the getting back part without a pump.
—Harry’s the one made the promises for this little gem of an airplane. I think he got all nostalgic for the airline he used to take on his R&Rs into Mog. I don’t know if he bothered to pick up any spares for our brand-new charter business or not.
That wasn’t an answer Art wanted to hear. He looked nervously in Harry’s direction.
—Yes, I lined up a few spares. I told the seller I needed to keep expenses down on my new startup. I asked specifically for a hydraulic pump, and they threw one in gratis.
—You don’t know it yet, Art, but you’re hanging with two of the best can-do guys in this desert. You make number three.
Art didn’t take time to go looking for the part. He trusted Harry’s word that he had a spare available that he could bolt in. He went back to work disconnecting lines and removing the damaged pump.
Mike climbed down from the technical and met up with Harry.
—Art will figure it out, eventually. I think he’s still stuck on Barbara and the shotty. Wait until he sees her with an RPG.
—Damn, Harry, I wish you wouldn’t. Ever since she missed out on the AK action down on the Baja, she’s been after me to take her to a gun range.
—How long has it been since you took her to one?
—Never. And I don’t want you encouraging her, either.
—Si, mon Capitán. Hey, Art. Did you check out that box in the back labeled spares?
—No. I figured that hand-written sign was a joke you two were playing on me.
—No joke. I’m sure the pump you need will be in there somewhere.


It was dark by the time Art finished changing out the hydraulic pump. He gave Mike the okay to start the engine. Harry monitored the hydraulic pressure gauges behind his seat. Beneath the engine, Art used a flashlight to keep an eye on his work, checking for leaks.
Satisfied, Art signaled Mike to shut down. Cursing the entire time, he fumbled in the dark to get the engine cowlings mounted and buttoned up. The technical’s weak headlights were little help.
Barbara overheard his cursing and offered to hold a flashlight. Art waved the woman away, but she persisted by climbing up on the roof of the technical. Before long, they were working together. Art grudgingly thanked the women for her help when the job was completed and the cowlings had been buttoned up.
Art still wasn’t sure what to think of the adventurous band of misfits he had tied his wagon to. Mike was a good man to work for. Payday came regularly and there were no problems with airworthiness on his airplanes. Every bulletin was done, mandatory or not. These days there was something to be said for that.
When he agreed to get on board with this operation, he found himself drawn into something completely different. The eagerness with which they had all adapted to the new circumstances in the middle of the Horn of Africa surprised him. Mike’s wife had been even more of a shocker.
When she flashed the shotgun in Djibouti, he had cause for concern for his own safety. That concern was eased when he saw how she handled herself at the end of the strip, in the dark of night. Pulling the trigger on the bandits looking for money convinced him he was in with the right crowd.
These people weren’t behaving like fresh recruits who didn’t know how to handle themselves. The kidnappers had no idea what was about to be unleashed.
Hell, he was going to have some stories to tell in the bar when this was over. They’d surpass his own of the time he spent in West Africa when he was a young man doing questionable things to make a living.

It was close to midnight before it quieted down enough to get some shuteye. With nowhere to go, the DC-3 became the hotel of choice, crowded with anxious adventurers desperate for sleep. Harry and Mike bunked in the cockpit. Haphazard arrangements allowed Art and Bill to hunker down on air mattresses provided by Barbara, who slept on her own.
Reassured by Ali and his well-equipped crew providing protection by surrounding the landing strip, there was no one on watch on the plane. No one bothered to slip a magazine into an AK.
There was no need.


Harry heard the sounds first through the open cockpit window. Revving engines screamed and drew closer. Technicals circled the plane, kicking up dust that drifted in through the window. At first he thought he was waking from a dream until the noise halted long enough to allow the explosions of gunfire to take over.
He climbed out of his seat and shook Mike awake before rushing to the back of the plane.
—We’re getting fat and dumb and lazy. We should have posted our own guard.
Lead pinged through the cargo area of the DC-3’s cabin. Harry and Mike tripped over still-groggy bodies to get to the AKs. By the time they inserted the mags, it was over. None of the three sound asleep in the back of the plane so much as blinked an eye.
Ali approached, surrounded by the remains of his promised escort. The two men jumped down to greet Ali and his team, armed to the teeth with rocket launchers and AKs.
—Do not be alarmed, old friends. We discovered enemies within our camp. We have taken care of them. They will not come back to bother us on this or any night.
—In that case, Ali, let’s go to your campfire where we can drink chai and talk about old times.
It was a good excuse to keep alert and on the watch for further trouble.
—As you wish.
The pair settled on the blankets beside the old man. Ali poured the hot, dark chai into glasses containing rock sugar, cloves, and cinnamon sticks. He raised his glass to Harry and Mike.
—We had some trouble in Djibouti while we were readying the plane for this trip. We had to take care of two men begging alms. Unfortunately, we had nothing to offer beyond substituting lead for gold.
—So I was informed, as I told you. Your wife is quite the woman. I would like to have one so dependable in my house.
Mike slapped Ali on the back.
—She’s not for sale, no matter how many sheep and goats you offer.
The sly old man grinned.
—I have many camels, too.
35
Out of the Past - Tanzania


MIKE LOCKED HIS EYES on the Land Rover’s remaining mirror. Dirty, cracked glass reflected an empty road. So far, he was free and clear, thanks in no small measure to Irit’s sacrifice. And now it was Eloria who had volunteered without question to make certain he made the border with his wounded comrade.
He knew his debt to be enormous, but he could give it only fleeting thought. Free of Tanzania and the pursuing mine guards, his major worry was now Harry, out cold and motionless in the back seat. His friend had been in and out of consciousness, and the out was coming increasingly more often and for longer periods.
The concussion had to be worse than he initially thought. Harry needed a hospital. That meant a city. If he could depend on his memory, Nairobi was at least two hours distant.
Money was a more immediate problem. The mine’s blockhouse yielded nothing of value. They were broke, except for a few local shillings. He might as well have a sack filled with Greek drachmas for all that was worth on the continent.
Mike fished under the seat for the shotgun Eloria passed to him before she jumped from of the Rover. He and Harry owed her everything. She hadn’t been able to hold off their attackers, but she had to have put up one hell of a fight. How they had shut her down so fast was a mystery.
Paper taped to the short butt of the sawed-off caught his attention. He slowed to a stop before carefully slicing through the tape, revealing two passports. Canadian passports. He checked his surroundings and got out of the Rover to tend to Harry. He slapped him and Harry mumbled something incomprehensible before he was out again.
Mike climbed back into the Rover and made for Nairobi.
He had no way of knowing if the documents were forged. They could be. The accents of the two women were unrecognizable as Canadian—at least to his ears. They had said they were sisters. He’d add a stop at a certain embassy in Nairobi to his list once he got Harry to a hospital.
It wasn’t only Harry’s wounds that concerned him. He wanted to know more about the two women that had plucked them both out of the frying pan and dropped them into the relative safety of another country. He and Harry owed Eloria and Irit everything.
With both women gone, payback would be a long time coming.


Mike had few options. He needed dollars, and he needed them fast. Selling the rover would bring some immediate cash, but not nearly enough. The plan, if he got Harry to a Nairobi hospital, was to hole up at the Flying Club. Perhaps someone there could point him toward an outfit with a need for pilots or maintenance people.
It was slow going into Nairobi with the wounded Harry. He had to stop and minister to Harry too often for his liking. Finally, he reached the outskirts of the huge, sprawling city. He flagged a taxi and convinced the driver to lead him to a hospital. On arrival, he stashed Harry with two concerned nurses and made for the Flying Club after promising to return.
He parked the stolen, bullet-riddled Land Rover in a distant corner of the lot. He’d be good until someone walked by and noticed its condition. He made his way inside, where a regular at the bar recognized him.
—I heard you and Harry were working for a tanzanite outfit south of the border. What got you up this way?
Mike usually enjoyed listening to the rumors and gossip, but he didn’t much care for it when it was about him.
—Harry’s plane got shot up at a strip we were servicing. I went in to get him out.
—He’s not with you? What happened to him?
—He didn’t make it out with much more than the clothes on his back. He wanted to pick up some gear, so I dropped him off.
He hoped that would put an end to speculation and pointed questions, but now he’d have to get out of here fast. No way did he want to explain why Harry wouldn't be showing up any time soon.
—I’m looking for some work to the north, maybe in Libya. Have you heard of any leads? Helicopter or fixed-wing, it doesn’t matter.
—I heard about oil work up that way. The outfit is always looking for pilots. I don’t know why. Maybe the camps aren’t so good.
That could prove to be the ticket. After Harry got out of the hospital, they could head north for a fresh start.
—Give me a name and a number and I’ll make some calls.
36
Present Day - Horn of Africa


FOLLOWING THE FAILED ATTACK by traitors in Ali’s trusted crew, the band of misfits thanked the old man for his help. They all knew that without him, their mission would have failed spectacularly. Had the plane’s engines been shot up, the rescue plan wouldn’t have had a chance of working. Now, they were one step closer to success.
They made their excuses and climbed into the DC-3 to huddle in the cramped confines of the ancient plane. The attempt to shut the rescue operation down kept everyone wide awake and on guard. AK-47s were checked and checked again. Harry and Mike made sure magazines were loaded and taped for maximum efficiency.
Nervous chatter kept them all from thinking about what would come later in the day.
Harry and Mike knew if Ali unknowingly brought enemies to the strip, there could be more. Neither wanted to take the chance of anyone shutting down the rescue. Come hell or high water—and there would be no chance of high water any time soon—it would be today.
It was time.
—Rise and shine, you lazy, hopeless bastards.
Much grumbling and not a lot of sympathy echoed down the cabin at the sound of Mike’s eager call to arms.
—If the owners of this airline thought they knew anything about providing passenger comfort, they were sadly misinformed.
Harry’s grin joined Mike’s.
—What do you expect from one more fly-by-night outfit you’re all accustomed to working for?
—You didn’t think we were so hopeless that you left us all in comfort back home. There’s nothing I’d like more than to be sitting in the Flying Club with a hand wrapped around a damp Tusker.
—You’re right, Harry. I apologize for hurting your feelings.
—We’ve got a functioning DC-3. We’ve got fuel, oil and hydraulic fluid. We’ve got her outfitted with twin 50-caliber guns. We’ve got AKs. We’ve got RPGs. If all that fails, we have a double-barreled sawed-off shotgun. We’re ready as we’ll ever be and raring to go. Barbara, it’s time to do your womanly duty and cook breakfast for the crew.
—Breakfast? Cook? Screw you. We didn’t even bring MREs. We’ll toast this adventure when we’re back in Djibouti if the jet hasn’t been impounded by the time we get there.
Art took his chances and joined in the merriment.
—Don’t listen to them, Barbara. They spent the night sleeping in comfortable seats up front in first class. You can cook for all of us when we have the next company barbecue back home.
—Don’t push it, Art. I have a loaded shotgun tucked under my arm.
—That’s the spirit, Art. We’re ready to rock and roll. But first, it’s time for a meeting. Does anyone have a plan?
That was the last straw for Barbara. She threw her hands in the air and raised her voice. She’d be heard or else.
—For crying out loud, you two. Are we back on the Baja all over again?
—Relax, girl. By the look of it, we’re not getting breakfast any time soon. We’ll move on to other matters. I actually have a plan.
—Well suck me blue and call me ice woman. Harry has a plan. I can’t wait to tell Sasha about this.
Barbara looked around the inside of the plane. She saw faces marked with worry, mirroring her own.
—The kidnappers can’t be far past where we saw them yesterday. Barbara and I will head out in the technicals with Ali and his crew. By the time the rest of you get this bucket of bolts airborne, we should be within cheering range of the parade.
Mike interjected.
—You’ve got the easy part. I have to figure out how to fly a pattern that will give Bill a good elevation on the target. I don't want him hitting the good guys and girls.
Bill saw the need to put Mike at ease about the operation of the twin 50s.
—In Nam we had DC-3s outfitted with mini-guns. We called them Spooky. We nick-named them Puff the Magic Dragon. Orbiting at 3,000 feet and 120 knots in a Spooky, those mini-guns could depopulate an area the size of a football field.
—What rate-of-fire will you get with the 50s?
—I don’t want to burn out the barrels if I can help it. I’m set up for 300 a side. That should keep them cool enough to do the job.
—Mike, you should be able to fly that pattern all day in the Dakota—or at least until you’ve put five thousand rounds through the guns.
—No problem. I can hold it to that, but I’d like to do a test run first.
Mike had to be sure Bill wouldn’t screw up with Sasha and Christa on the ground. If he or Bill made a mistake, he’d never be able to face Harry again.
—After we take off, give me a practice orbit at a thousand feet above ground. I’ll need that to get the 50s sighted in.
—As good as done.
Harry looked over the rag-tag volunteers his friend Mike had put together on such short notice. His eyes moved from the clapped-out DC-3 with the jury-rigged gun mount hanging off the side to Ali and his well-armed crew milling about the remains of their campfire. Mike’s crew, nervous, exhausted and aware of everything that could go wrong with their rescue attempt, became quiet and reserved.
Harry, more than the others, knew the airborne rescue attempt could turn to shit in a hurry. If that happened, Sasha and his daughter could end up being on the receiving end of what Harry hoped he’d be able to dish out from the ground.
If he got his way, those bastards would suffer through hell from both low and high.


In her past, Barbara had been a reluctant witness to Sasha’s AK training routine on the Baja. Regretful that she didn’t take part, she understood that this would be her last chance. The RPGs were calling her name, but she wasn’t sure how to convince Harry she’d like to fire one.
—So that’s it? The briefing is over?
—You know it. Just like old times—but wait, there’s more. If you want to learn to fire the RPG, it’s time.
Harry grinned across at Barbara. He knew, and a huge grin illuminated her face.
—Now you’re talking, cowboy. This is a briefing. Let’s do it.
Harry picked one from the stockpile.
—It comes with three parts. The rocket head or warhead. The booster. The launcher.
He held each section up as he named them. He handed the empty tube across to her and watched as she familiarized herself with it.
—Step into my office, woman.
Harry worked his way past the door guns and jumped down. Barbara slung the empty RPG tube across her back and followed him out of the plane. On the ground, Harry continued.
—You screw the booster onto the warhead, like this.
Transfixed, Barbara watched as Harry demonstrated. She would get to fire one of those suckers or else. Nothing would hold her back.
—Once the two parts join, the warhead gets inserted into the front end of the launch tube. How do we know it’s the front end?
She didn’t hesitate.
—The pistol grip. Like a handgun.
—Exactly. You might get to fire it twice. You won't have time to learn all the ins and outs. Just remember. Twist it on. Stuff it down the front. Shoulder. Line up the sight. Pull the trigger. Bonus points if you remember not to have your rear end pointed at anyone you love.
He looked at her and raised an eyebrow before going on.
—Why might that be?
Barbara didn’t hesitate.
—Exploding gas.
—Exactly.
Harry moved off to the side. He didn’t aim. Instead, he angled the RPG skyward to the east and pulled the trigger. The round went high and exploded, leaving behind a huge black cloud. Barbara applauded.
—If they’re close, that ought to put the fear of Harry into them.
Harry re-armed the launcher and handed it to Barbara. She got down on one knee just as Harry had. Instead of aiming for the sky, she aimed at a rock pile situated off the end of the strip. She pulled the trigger. The impact and explosion showered everyone with dirt. She yelled over her ringing ears.
—Holy shit, Harry. This could be fun.
—We’ll take half a dozen rounds with us, just in case. I want you to pre-arm them, just like I showed you. If I need them, you won’t have time to be screwing around. It’ll be load, point, and fire.
—That’s good enough for me.
—And don’t forget where your ass is pointing.
She gave Harry a hug and squeezed his rear.
—That’s double duty from me and Sasha.
—Christ, don’t let Mike see you doing that. I have enough trouble with Sasha as it is.
—I saw that, you two. It’s a good thing none of us have had breakfast or I’d be suspicious of your motives.
Barbara rolled her eyes.
—If you’re not careful, I might take this not-cooking thing home with me. That would be trouble you don’t want.
Mike didn’t get a chance to reply. Art had finished his pre-flight on the DC-3.
—She’s fueled and ready, guys. Yesterday’s encounter with flying lead hit nothing of consequence. Once you get airborne, don’t forget Bill will want to test-fire the 50s and sight in.
Harry wanted Barbara to be ready for whatever would come next.
—Chica, get your soccer-mom ass onto that truck. I need a pep-talk with that man you married.
—It’s been a long time since anyone called me chica. And you’d better not be saying my ass is fat if you know what’s good for you.
Harry boarded the DC-3 for a last word with Bill.
—My ex is in that convoy with our daughter. I don’t want to put any pressure on you, but if you mess up, Barbara will turn you into one sorry-assed son-of-a-bitch the next time she sees you.
—Go easy, man. I know what I’m doing. I’ll get the job done. I’ve never done it from a Spooky is all. I never got to crew on one. And I already talked to Barbara. She’s good.
—I know you can do it. In case you didn’t notice, we’re all a little jumpy this morning. We haven’t had our coffee fix. That’s the story I’m going with.
Harry walked up to join Mike, already in the cockpit. He was methodically going through the checklist.
—You’ll be without a co-pilot on this run. Can you handle her?
—Piece of cake. I kept fuel down to half tanks again. We’re light and maneuverable. That should make it bearable for the old girl.
—I’ll be taking Barbara with me. Is that okay?
Mike cast an unbelieving look in Harry’s direction.
—Seriously? You’re asking my permission? I couldn’t hold that woman back if I wanted to. She has it set in her mind that she’s going to kick Sasha’s ass all the way back to home. I expect you’ll be there for that. When we’re done with all of this, I want to be first to hear your version.
Harry grinned and shook his head.
—One more word of warning before you go. Don’t get in front of her if she has that shotgun out to cover the bad guys.
—I hear that. Thanks.
—Don’t thank me yet. We won't be out of this sand-trap for a while.
—I’ll see you back at the strip.
The two men high-fived.
—You know it, partner.
37
Present Day - Horn of Africa


BILL FASTENED THE STRAP on his old door-gunner helmet. He had rescued it from his locker back at the hangar, thinking it would be the last time he would get to wear it. He lit a cigarette, exhaled a cloud of smoke, and coughed as he made his way to the cockpit.
—I didn’t know you smoked.
—Not for thirty years.
—Do you need a minute to tuck the lung back in?
The men grinned back and forth. Nervous grins. They knew everything depended on them. Knew Harry was counting on them to do the dirty work.
—No, I’m good.
Mike began his briefing.
—After wheels-up I’ll move off to the west. When I get us to a thousand above ground, I’ll look for a pile of rocks. Shouldn’t be too hard to find in this terrain. Once overtop I’ll go into a racetrack orbit. You do your sighting in. Let me know when you’re finished.
—Roger that.
—From there, we’ll make for the convoy. Once on-target I’ll be descending as low as I can to do a single pass at full throttle. That will let Sasha know we’re here and on the job. It should also give us good eyes on the convoy.
Mike hesitated. He wanted to be certain Bill heard the next.
—You’ll get your look-see out the cargo door. Be aware that as I go by, I’ll be waggling the wings. That’s going to tell her who’s doing the driving. Don’t fall out and don’t ask how she’ll know.
—When we’re done with this operation, I’d like to know more about you guys. Do you think you can manage that?
—One thing at a time.
Mike went on.
—When we’re doing that low pass, look for a woman with a little girl. Harry’s ex has worked with us before. She’ll know enough to get the two of them away from the action before we circle back to do the dirty work.
—I’ll be on the lookout for them real hard.
—You can plug into the intercom back at the door.
—I know. I tested it in JIB. How’s our fuel?
—A little less than half.
—Good. We’re light.
—I don’t want you taking any chances with that 50. If you hit them, they’re mincemeat.
—I know that. The flyby will give me eyes. I need the time to sort things out on the ground. Once you get us into orbit, I’ll be good to go. With twenty-five hundred rounds a side, I won’t leave anything behind if you can keep me overhead.
—Then let’s get it done.
They shook hands. Bill headed back to his position at the door and inspected the setup he and Art had come up with and rigged. The bungees would help steady the twin 50 muzzles in the DC-3’s slipstream.
He swung the guns forward to the wing and pulled hard. He arced them up and then down. Rope kept the twin muzzles away from the wing. He swung aft and checked for the tail. The rope did its job again. Unless something unexpected came up, there was no way he’d end up shooting down the gun platform with and their hope of rescuing the women.
Bill tossed the unfinished cigarette out the door. It would be the last one he’d taste. The only reason he lit it was to commemorate his days as a long-ago Huey door gunner. He plugged into the intercom and called Mike.
—Gunner to cockpit. Final check is complete. Guns will remain clear of the wing and tail. Ammo loaded and guns are hot. All I have to do is rack and we’re ready to rock and roll.
Mike jockeyed into position for takeoff.
—Roger that, Bill.
Mike stood on the brakes and firewalled the throttles. A cloud of sand and dust blasted the empty ground behind the plane and drifted past the open cargo door. He one-handed the column and reached to tap the gauges. Satisfied, he released the brakes.
The lightly loaded DC-3 almost jumped into the air. He reached for the gear lever and listened to the whine as the gear retracted. Mike set the throttles and began his climb to a thousand feet. He made sure he banked low to the west in order not to announce the team’s arrival.


A babble of nervous voices swept through the stalled pirate convoy at the sound of an approaching plane. The voices grew in intensity as the engine sound grew louder. Anxious eyes scanned the horizon, trying to locate the plane by sound as it bore down on the ragtag collection of trucks stalled in the sand.
It was getting close. Fast. It would be on them soon. Sasha didn’t have time to figure out what she would do. She didn’t need to. She knew. She had worked it out when the vehicles became bogged down in the sand. The overhead distraction sealed the deal.
—Christa, do you see those black things in the back of our truck? The ones with the shiny metal at one end? Do you think you could put as many as you can in your backpack?
Sitting beside them, Gene overheard her.
—You crazy woman. You’ll get us all killed.
Sasha wasn’t having it. She’d had her fill of Gene and his endless whining.
—Shut up, you fool.
She turned back to her daughter and caught her sticking out her tongue at Gene.
—Me too, sweetheart.
Christa smiled, and her tongue disappeared into her mouth.
—Try not to let the bad men see you, dear.
The increasing rumble of the approaching engines at full throttle put the kidnappers in a panic. The exploding round that had appeared to the west of their position had put them on edge. The plane only served to worsen their apprehension.
They scrambled to locate the plane, staring high into the sky. The moment gave Christa the perfect cover to collect the magazines.
Sasha witnessed the plane topping a sand ridge at treetop level as it came into view. Except there were no trees. She thought she saw a puff of dust raised by the low-flying plane’s slipstream. Whoever was doing the flying knew what he was doing.
Engines continued their roar as it bore down on the convoy. She observed the wings waggling in continuous slow motion as it flew towards the convoy and passed overtop. It disappeared over a ridge. The sudden silence was ominous.
It had to be Mike at the controls, announcing his arrival. She’d seen a plane he was flying do that before. They were here. She jumped out of the truck and almost danced a jig.
An RPG, or what she thought was one, appeared. A kidnapper climbed on the back of a truck and began searching the sky for the plane. He was too late. It had flown off, hugging the ground before disappearing past the ridge and over the horizon.
Sasha knew no matter what happened, the man with the RPG would have to be her first. But how would she get away? Her question was answered by the kidnappers as they struggled to make sense of what had just happened with the plane.
—My daughter has to go to the bathroom. Is it all right if we go behind those rocks?
—Yes. Go. Go. Hurry.
—Come on, Christa. Come with mommy. Your father and Uncle Mike are here to take us home.
Tears streamed down Sasha’s face. Christa looked up at her mother.
—Daddy’s here? And Uncle Mike? Why are you crying, mommy?
Sasha wiped at the tears.
—Yes, dear. Harry and Mike are here. I think Uncle Mike’s airplane will come back. I think he has a job to do and we need to get out of Uncle Mike’s way so he can do it.
She had to get Christa up the hill. If they could get behind it to safety before the plane returned, Mike could do whatever it was he had come to do.
—Gene. Are you coming with us? You don’t want to be caught out in the open in the middle of whatever is about to happen.
In the distance, the sudden appearance of the climbing DC-3 held the kidnappers’ attention. They ignored Sasha and her daughter.
—Did you get the things I showed you, Christa?
—Yes, mommy. They’re heavy.
—Good girl. Now let’s go.
Sasha made a grab for Christa’s hand and pulled her around the back of the truck. On the way, she picked up an AK and slung it in front of her. Gene witnessed what she did with the rifle and grew more agitated.
—What the hell are you going to do with that? You don’t have any bullets. You’ll get all of us killed, you stupid bitch.
She barely acknowledged him.
—Yes, Gene, I’m going to be doing some killing.
Gene couldn’t be placated.
—You think that’s Harry come to rescue you on his white horse?
She tried one last time.
—You could make yourself useful and grab some of those mags. I think I can hold the kidnappers off from behind that pile of rocks.
—Nice. And what’s your little airplane boy going to be doing from up there while you’re singing your swan song, hiding behind a ridge like a coward?
—He’ll be expecting me to help him any way I can. That’s how we work.
—Screw you and that loser. He can have you.
Sasha finally knew what the man was made of. He had left her with no doubt. Her eyes bored into Gene with a cold, distant look. 
—It’s time you picked a side and stuck with it before that plane gets back, Gene. I don't want you to be on the receiving end of whatever hell Harry and Mike are about to bring down on all of you.
She moved to walk up the hill. She halted mid-stride and turned to look back at Gene a final time. Christa went on ahead.
—Don’t you dare lift a finger to help those people. I’ll shoot you dead where you stand.


Mike wasn’t so busy in the cockpit that he was unconcerned about an errant RPG round aimed at the lumbering DC-3. The weapon had a range of about a thousand meters. The shrapnel from the exploding warhead would do a lot of damage once it caught up. He didn’t like the thought of ending up as part of a pile of aluminum before his job was done.
He throttled back and took up an orbiting position at 1,500 feet above ground. The extra five hundred would give him only a small edge over the RPG’s range. It wasn’t much, but it might be enough.
—How we doing, Bill?
Bill pressed the transmit button. Wind noise and static echoed over the ancient intercom.
—Bad news. I didn’t get eyes on the women. I need a pass to get a look from the other side of the ridge.
—Shit. If they get an RPG round off we’ll be in trouble.
—We have to do it. I couldn’t sight them.
That wasn’t good. Mike counted on the first pass to do the job. Now the kidnappers would be on full alert. He wanted to be overhead and in position for Bill to walk the guns through the crowd. The DC-3 lumbering along at low-level would be no match for a well-placed RPG round if it found its mark.
Mike eased the nose down while lining up for his second pass. He flew parallel to the ridge. He wanted the cover of the low hill if someone tried to stuff an RPG up his ass. Bill interrupted his worry with the transmit button. Wind whistled in the headphones.
—There they are. I have them in sight. The woman and the little girl are moving towards the rise. They’ll be clear of the action in a couple. Well I’ll be damned.
—I’m single-pilot up here and kind of busy right now. What is it?
—I don’t want to jump to conclusions, but it looks like that woman has an AK. Maybe even two.
—You’re permitted to make the jump, Bill. That woman would be Harry’s ex, Sasha. The little girl is Harry’s daughter.
—All right. Got it.
—You better believe me when I tell you she knows how to use that AK. Don’t ever piss that woman off when she’s got her hands on one of those things. If you land any rounds close to her, she’s just liable to return fire to show you who the real boss is around these parts.
38
Present Day - Horn of Africa


HARRY TAUGHT SASHA WELL all those years ago, when they had been forced to make a desperate, last-ditch effort to rescue Mike from his kidnappers. She remembered how he had kept by her side, giving her confidence, as they retreated down the dock with the badly wounded Mike. Then she made the mistake of staying behind to empty her last magazine into the cabin cruiser. That was the move that almost got her killed.
Sasha climbed behind her daughter, allowing the little girl to set the pace. Waited when she stumbled. Encouraged her to keep going. When Christa stopped to look back, she smiled up at her.
—You’re doing good. You’re beating me to the top. We’re almost there. Uncle Mike will be back any minute. Keep going.
Christa struggled and stopped to rest and struggled over more rough ground before reaching the ridge-top. When Sasha caught up to her daughter, she was winded, too.
—Crouch down, honey. You don’t want to let anyone see you.
—I’m sorry, mommy.
—It’s all right, dear. It’s all right.
She hugged Christa and smiled down at her.
—Now let’s see if we can go just a bit farther.
She led Christa past the ridge top and then together they sat. She gripped the familiar AK, needing to renew her acquaintance. It was as heavy as she remembered. She remembered Harry’s hasty instructions in the gravel pit, and she ran through them as best she could. She began with the safety, sliding it full up to lock the action. She released the lock on the magazine and swung it forward and then back. It clicked into place.
—Can I help, mommy?
Sasha stroked her daughter’s face and smiled.
—You can help by keeping down. In a minute we’ll look for a place for you to hide.
—All right. I'll be careful.
Sasha recalled Harry’s description of the AK-47. It’s reliable, he had told her. Drop it in water. Drop it in mud. Drop it in sand. Drop it in dirt. Pick it up. Fire. It’ll work every time until the magazine is empty.
She rotated the safety full-down to semi-automatic and racked. A round ejected onto the rocks. It clinked with a solid sound. She was good to go. Comfortable as she could be with the weapon, she safetied.
Do or die. It would be the last time the weapon would be safetied.
The ridge she would use for cover. She stumbled over the rock-strewn ground as she made her way across the back side of it. She had to stay out of sight. She stopped to wait for Christa, never hurrying the girl. Allowing her to make her own way.
Satisfied, she directed Christa into a hollow depression behind her position.
—No matter what happens, you have to stay right here. Do you still have the transmitter?
Christa nodded.
—Good. Don’t turn it off. Every once in a while you can press the button.
She wanted to give her something to do. Wanted to make it feel like she was taking part.
—All right, Mommy. Is Harry still coming to get us?
—Yes he is, dear. Uncle Mike is coming, too. It’s time to stay down. Wait for me to call you, all right? It won’t be safe until I call for you.
—All right, mommy. I’ll be right here.
She remained with her daughter, explaining for a second time that she would have to remain where she was until she called her name. Christa nodded solemnly and settled in the depression. Sasha began placing small rocks all around the edge, hoping they would keep her daughter out of sight and safe from whatever was about to be unleashed.
—I have to go now, honey. I won’t be far away. There is going to be lots of noise. Cover your ears. It’s mommy taking care of you, okay?
She hugged and kissed her little girl. It would have to do. If things went bad, she already knew neither of them would make it out.
Satisfied that her daughter was as safe as she could make her, Sasha moved to stretch out prone on the ridge-top's uneven ground. She wanted the lower profile. It would keep her location concealed for as long as was practical.
It wasn’t to be. She stretched prone and discovered the jungle mag hanging off the bottom of the AK forced her into an uncomfortable position. It kept her profile too high, and would reveal her position to the pirates. She cursed her stupidity and shook her head and suddenly realized she wouldn’t have known if she hadn’t tried. She was no soldier of fortune, unlike her Harry and Mike.
Sasha eased back from the top of the ridge. She put her right knee down. She decided her old crouch position perfected on the dock in Santa Agueda would serve her well here, too. She recalled how Harry had shown her how to support the weight of the AK by placing her left elbow on her knee. It would allow her to concentrate on accuracy with the iron sights.
She called out to her daughter.
—Are you all right, dear? I’m right here with you.
—I’m okay, Mommy. I pressed the button again just like you said.
—Good girl. Now it’s time for you to be quiet. It’s going to get really noisy and I’m going to be very busy. Remember what I told you about coming out from hiding.
—I remember. I’ll wait for you to call me.
She took time for one last look in Christa’s direction. The girl was safely out of sight. She nodded and turned her attention to the situation in the valley beneath her. Tears streamed down her face. She swiped them away and began concentrating on what she would have to do.
She placed Christa’s stolen magazines on the ground and arranged them by her right knee. She knew she’d fumble the first magazine when it came time to change out. There would be no flinging the empty AK into any water this time. She’d hang on to this one for dear life—and the life of her Christa.
Harry’s Christa.
She peeked over the ridge, searching for Gene. He hadn’t climbed with them. It was just as well. He would have ended up a hindrance. She hoped he had been smart enough to get out of her line of fire. It wouldn’t go well for him if he stayed with the kidnappers. She didn’t know what the airplane had in store. If Mike was doing the flying and if Harry was on the ground, anything was possible.
If, if.
It was strange how the memories of that day on the dock so many years ago returned, flooding her mind. She silently thanked Harry one last time for getting her ass out of Mexico. She was truly sorry she had forced him to come for her again. It was looking like that was turning out to be his permanent job.
She put it out of her mind. There were things more pressing that needed doing.


Harry shook Ali’s hand before leaving Barbara with instructions to stay with the technical and the old man, no matter what. He kissed her on the cheek.
—That’s for old times. At least you’re not naked.
Barbara grabbed him and wrapped her arms around his neck for a last, desperate hug.
—If you don’t bring them back, I’ll kill you myself.
—Thanks for that vote of confidence, woman.
Barbara’s face froze in a half-hearted grin, and Harry knew then how concerned she really was.
—You know what I mean, and we both know it.
—Yeah yeah, next you’ll be grabbing my ass again.
Harry shouldered the AK and a bag of magazines. Without looking back, he began working his way towards the back side of a ridge. The elevation would allow him a clear view of the hollow and the stranded vehicles trapped in it.
In the heat of the moment, he hoped Mike and Bill would remember that part of the briefing. If they forgot and began tearing up the ground around him, it would be lights out.
His plan was to draw Sasha and Christa away from the action. If he couldn’t do that, he would have to get down and dirty over flat, open ground. He’d need to be within range of the Land Rover and the technicals.
Damn, but Sasha would end up being the death of him yet.
It took longer than he wanted to make his way across the rough, rocky, boulder-strewn ground. Mike and Bill had already made their low pass to get the lay of the land. He hoped they hadn’t missed him on their recon. It would be bad news if they mistook him for one of the pirates. The twin 50s would make mincemeat out of anyone and anything that got in the way once they found their mark. He didn’t want to be anywhere close to the receiving end.
He continued the slow trek. He zig-zagged his way around boulders on the way to the back side of the ridge. He walked another 500 yards and angled towards the top. It was slow going uphill over the rocky ground, especially on the slope. It forced him to tread carefully. The one thing he didn’t want to do was give away his position. Rocks crashing down a hill would do that.
If any of the kidnappers panicked and made their way to the high ground, it would give them a height advantage. They’d be able to see the DC-3 approaching over the horizon from any direction. An RPG set loose would make Mike in the lumbering DC-3 very unhappy.


Mike wrestled the DC-3 into a tight racetrack orbit and held the ancient gun platform steady over the stalled vehicles. Sweat poured down his face. His right hand kept busy on the twin throttles, working them to keep the engines in sync. His left worked the yoke, and after a couple of circuits, he had the rhythm. A disembodied voice called out over intercom static and wind noise.
—I’ve got eyes on the woman and the girl.
—Roger that.
He looked out the port windscreen to the stalled trucks. They would make the perfect stationary target for Bill and the twin 50s. Suddenly the DC-3’s airframe shuddered and began vibrating all the way to the cockpit. Wide-eyed, he shifted his gaze to the gauges. Everything was in the green, and then he realized Bill was as busy in the back as he was in the front.
Two more shudders shook the plane. Bill had to be setting up to get the range one more time. He waited for a lull in the fire before contacting his gunner on the intercom.
—I have eyes on a man working the back side of the ridge the women are on. It looks like Harry.
—You sure it's him?
Mike wasn't one hundred percent certain. He worked the DC-3 out of the tight oval and away from the trucks. He advised Bill to keep an eye out. He dropped flaps and gear to force the DC-3 into a low and slow flyby.
—I'll go past on your side. That will give you a good look. It's on you, Bill. I'll be busy flying this old girl low and slow.
The plan they had worked out was simple. They would disable the vehicles first. That would tie up the pirates and keep them from separating. Once the trucks were done, they could go to work on the men. Now, with the lone man, he had to shut down the aerial operation and chase him down, all while hoping Bill would be able to recognize Harry. If it was Harry.
The intercom crackled and interrupted his train of thought.
—The man's waving. Holding a rifle over his head. He’s waving some kind of circle.
—Affirmative. It's Harry. We're returning to the valley.
Mike raised the gear and flaps and waggled the 3’s wings and wrangled the plane back towards the valley. He settled the plane in over the target one more time and felt the 3 shudder. He took his eyes off the horizon to observe out the window as a technical disintegrated beneath him. Destroying the trucks would give both Harry and Ali’s men the edge they needed to reach the kidnappers in the event the DC-3 clapped out or the twin 50s jammed.
The plane shuddered three more times in quick succession. With the pass completed, there was nothing recognizable but for piles of smoking vehicle scrap in the wake of the deadly 50s.
Mike maintained a steady orbit over the smoking destruction. He came within range a second time. Death from above followed by shiny brass rained down on the kidnappers as Bill’s pass with the guns found their mark again and again. Men scrambled, struggling to get out of the way of the advancing 50 caliber guns. It was impossible. Puffs of sand traced their footsteps as lead chased them down.
Bill rained concentrated fire down on the remaining kidnappers. Shelter from the lead pouring down was impossible to find in the open valley. Bill walked the 50s in a relentless march towards each man, as one after the other, they collapsed. The puffs of sand and dirt made it almost too easy as he tracked them with the twin barrels, dispatching them straight to hell.
Mike brought the shuddering DC-3 in closer. The concentration required for the low-altitude flying didn’t allow him to remain aware of the situation on the ground. He was more concerned about the ideal range it would put him in for an errant RPG.


Sasha witnessed the air attack in slow motion from behind the safety of the ridge. The huge airplane lumbered onto the scene and began flying what looked like a circle. A man in the doorway was aiming something out. The plane was too far and too high to know if it was Mike.
By the time she figured it out, the first target had been wiped out before her eyes. Puffs of sand were on their way to the second. Her eyes widened. Her heart thumped. Her breathing halted. A kidnapper climbed onto a truck. An RPG hung from his hand. On the truck bed, he began raising it to shoulder height.
She had to stop him. Mike and the plane would be destroyed if he got a round off. She rotated the AK’s safety full down to its semi-automatic position and took careful aim from behind the rock pile. She lined up the iron sights on the RPG’s owner and slowly squeezed off a single round.
Nothing. She missed. She silently let off a string of curses and took fresh aim. She held her breath and began squeezing the trigger. The man dropped the RPG. It landed at his feet.
What the hell? Had she missed by that much?
Unsure, she looked over the AK’s sights. What should she do? The man was falling. He curled up in the back of the truck, clutching his stomach. The body twitched.
It took her a minute to realize there was something else going on from her ridge position. Or somewhere. She looked around. There was no one. She returned her attention to the men scattering on the ground.
She look up and witnessed the plane break off from its attack. It got lower. She thought she saw the gear come down before it flew parallel to her ridge. The wings waggled as they flew over her.
Why were they doing that? Why weren’t they concentrating on the vehicles in the valley? She cursed the plane and whoever was doing the flying for halting the attack before turning her attention back to the ground.
She picked out another man crouched behind the twisted metal of what was left of a truck. She rotated the safety up one notch. She’d give her kidnappers spray and pray for her grand finale.
And then, just before she pulled the trigger a second time, the man dropped onto the sand. He twitched and another puff of smoke forced him to lie still.
This time, she heard the gunshots before the rat-tat-tat assault from the DC-3 reached her ears. Whoever it was, he had to be somewhere on the ridge she was on. There wasn’t another one. She checked again, but still there was no one. The shooter was well concealed. Better than she was, for sure.
Sand and rocks kicked up in front of her. She was in someone’s sights. Startled, she screamed and pulled back her position. She unleashed the AK in full automatic and unloaded her magazine before withdrawing farther. Her location had been discovered. She’d have to change her position. But where? Where would she go?
She looked around. The ridge ran away from her in both directions. There was no height advantage in one direction or the other. The line was exactly the same.
Confused. Scared. Worried. She hesitated. Immediately, she knew she would not desert Christa. She would never desert Harry’s daughter. She would stand her ground. She flipped the mag flawlessly and ran for Christa’s shelter.
It would be all or nothing.
39
Present Day - Horn of Africa


OVERHEAD, BILL STRUGGLED against the slipstream. It caught at the muzzles and attempted to wrest the twin 50s out of his hands. The barrels shook and shimmied in the powerful wind whipping past the open door. Experimenting with short bursts, he discovered the best firing position. He would aim down and to the rear of the plane.
The bungee cords and the ropes Art rigged did their job and kept the twin muzzles away from the tailplane assembly. He found he could lean back against the cargo door’s frame. It provided support and accuracy as he became more familiar with the jury-rigged gun mount hanging out the door.
He had eyes on Sasha on their second flyby. Knowing her position, he could fire at will into the valley. He pounded away with the 50s, concentrating his fire at the static targets on the ground. He proved relentless in his pursuit with the twin muzzles. There was no shortage of targets. Survivors didn’t last long as Mike kept the makeshift gunship circling overhead.
Mike glanced out the cockpit’s port window. The plane was in an ideal position. He spotted what had to be Sasha on the ridge. She was crouched and had a rifle shouldered. He’d only heard about her abilities from Harry when the duo came to his rescue on the Baja. As far as he knew, she had never mentioned it to anyone.
It was looking good, but now he had to concentrate on flying the plane full time. Bill had rendered the trucks inoperable. There would be no escape. He had plenty of help from Sasha. From what he could tell, every time one of the kidnappers stood up in an attempt to escape from the lead pouring out the cargo door, she kept the man pinned.
Bill exhausted the ammunition in the 50s and got busy reloading. He flipped the intercom button from monitor to transmit and hailed Mike.
—It looks like that woman put down at least three. I don’t know how many I took out. There might be a couple left. There’s a crazy white guy standing out in the middle of it all. He’s running around in circles and waving his arms at us.
—Any sign of our technicals? They can’t be far away.
—There was a dust cloud over in that direction when we did our recon, but I don’t see it now.
—Can you see Harry making his way from the technicals onto any of the elevations?
—I’ve been too busy to notice.
—I’m going to descend for another run. Send the rest of them to hell.
Bill managed a couple of dozen rounds before his frantic voice sounded over the intercom, interrupting Mike’s concentration.
—The guns are jammed. Move off.
Mike knew not to argue. With no hot lead pouring out of the DC-3 to occupy the pirates, it was a perfect opportunity for an errant RPG to find its mark. He asked anyway.
—Both of them?
Mike didn’t wait for Bill’s answer. He pushed the nose down and made for the cover of a hill to provide an element of protection. Bill screamed into the intercom.
—There’s another technical on the back side of the hill. It’s making its way towards the women.
—Let me know when you get the guns working.
—Roger that.
Helpless in the front seat of the DC-3, Mike was left to pilot the useless plane until Bill could get the guns operational.


Sasha adjusted her position on the ridge and moved back. She needed to stay invisible. She thought her position unassailable as long as she had ammunition for the AK. She had a clear view of the sloping ground in front. She would concentrate on not letting her kidnappers escape.
She set the AK in single fire mode. It would allow her to put round after round in the direction of the men. More often than not, she missed. Ricochets off the damaged vehicles kept the men guessing.
The circling DC-3 moved off into the distance. The hell raining down from above halted. Rocks rolled down the hill behind her. It had to be Gene, coming to his senses and realizing he had to get out of the way.
Whatever or whoever it was, the lower ridge behind kept them out of sight. She put the sound into the back of her mind and concentrated on what was happening in front of her.
She heard the sound again. More rocks. She looked behind. A head wrapped in an Arab burnoose topped the crest of the hill. She wheeled around, leading with the AK. The man was on top of the low rise behind her. He was almost on the hollow where Christa lay concealed. He was steps away. Two more and he’d be on her. She was certain Christa would scream if he surprised her.
—Stop. Simama! I’ll kill you where you stand.
The man halted in his tracks. He released his weapon. It dropped to the ground with a clatter. He surrendered with arms out to show empty hands.
—Damn you, woman. You have a one-track mind once you set yourself to doing something.
—Harry!
—Your one and only.
—Pick up that damned thing and give me a hand. I’m almost out.
—Here, try one of mine.
He handed her a fresh mag.
—Dammit, who taped this thing?
—That would be me.
Sasha grinned and released her magazine before slamming home the fresh mag.
—In that case, it’ll do just fine.
The look on Harry’s face shifted to one of concern.
—Where’s Christa?
—She dug a little foxhole behind me. You almost tripped over her.
He crouched beside his ex-wife and shouldered his AK.
—Come on, woman. We’re not done yet. We need to send what’s left of them to hell and then—
A little girl’s faint voice interrupted Harry.
—Do you need more mags, mommy? I have more.
Sasha looked at Harry and grinned.
—Not now, honey. I have everything I need. You stay there until I call you, okay?
Harry shook his head.
—I swear. If one wasn’t enough, now there’s two of you.


Ali’s crew arrived in a flurry of dust and sand to discover they were too late to the party. There was nothing for them to do. According to plan, the airborne assault had eliminated the kidnappers’ means of transport. Once that had been accomplished, Bill had gone to work on the survivors. Mike made sure he didn’t leave until the job was done.
Between the fire from hell and Harry and Sasha’s efforts from behind the ridge, there was nothing for them to do but collect the armament.
Sasha called to her daughter.
—Christa, honey. Stay here, okay? Daddy and I are going to go down. We want to be sure it’s safe for you. I’ll be right back.
Harry regarded his wife through eyes that knew she seldom obeyed him. If ever there was a time, this was it.
—Stay with our daughter. I'll send for you when it’s time. You are not to come down until I do. Understood?
—Yes, dear.
—Never mind the yes, dear. This time, do as you're told.
The look on Harry’s face told her not to argue. She didn’t.
—Do you have ammo?
—Yes I do. Christa has more mags.
—Good girl, that daughter of ours. You raised her well.
Before Sasha could respond, Harry was off to descend the ridge in the direction of the smoking piles of scrap courtesy of Mike and the DC-3. Gunshots rang out. Ali and his crew were busy finishing off the survivors. He arrived at the bottom to meet up with Barbara.
—Are there any left?
She turned to him.
—None to worry about, Harry. Ali is finishing off the wounded.
Barbara cast a glance in Gene’s direction. He was crouched behind a pile of rocks.
—That man wet his pants but he’ll be okay once he gets back to his penthouse. The sooner the better, as far as I’m concerned.
—Barbara, would you go and collect Sasha and our daughter? I left her up on the hill with instructions not to move until I sent for them.
—And she listened? I can’t believe it.
—For once in her life she realized I knew what I was doing.
Barbara shouldered a loaded RPG and cast an evil grin at Harry.
—Just in case.
—You go, girl.


Barbara began her climb to the top of the rise carrying the RPG and its solitary round. She allowed herself to get closer before announcing her arrival.
—Sasha? Where’s Christa?
Sasha stuck her head over the edge of the rise.
—Barbara. You’re here too.
—You’re damned right I’m here. Where’s your daughter?
—Don’t worry. She’s where you like to be, eating dirt and dodging ricochets. She’s behind me. I helped her dig a little foxhole and told her to stay in it until I called for her.
Sasha checked her AK, dropped the empty mag and inserted her last magazine.
—I’m good to go. Let’s get her.
Barbara adjusted the weight of the loaded RPG over her shoulder. Sasha regarded her friend with fresh interest.
—Did Harry arm you?
Barbara grinned.
—You’re damned right he did. I even made him show me how to use it.
—I didn’t think you were carrying it for effect.
—Yeah. No. I blew up a rock pile, but I was happy doing it.
She grinned back at Sasha.
—Christa is going to be excited to see you. Even I didn’t think you’d be showing up.
—What are friends for, girl?
They laughed and in the brief moment of levity did a pinkie shake before proceeding to Christa’s hiding spot. As they neared the crest, Sasha held up a hand to halt their climb.
—Can you hear it? It sounds like a truck. What’s it doing back here?
The duo advanced the rest of the way along the ridge top in a crouch. Sasha pointed.
—Christa is there. Can you see the little rock garden she made?
—I’ve got it. What about that truck?
A technical whined in low gear. It was making its way slowly up the back side of the hill toward the women. It halted, and the driver got out, as though listening. Satisfied, he got back in and the truck carried on.
—Do you think he’s one of ours?
Barbara considered before answering.
—No. All the vehicles in our convoy are in the valley.
—Then it has to belong to the pirates. Perhaps his plan was to meet up and help them get to Eyl.
Barbara set the RPG on the ground. She flipped her serape aside and checked the shotty’s action. It was loaded. She closed it and replaced it beneath the serape.
—Is that the one from Mexico? You never wore it back home.
—Yes it is.
She retrieved the RPG and finished arming it.
—Don’t stand behind me. This will give you a sunburn, believe me.
Sasha moved off to the side. Barbara stepped away, making certain that Christa’s hiding spot wasn’t near the path the rocket would take on its journey.
—You’re good, girl. Christa is right in front of me.
Sasha went down on a knee and whispered to her daughter.
—Christa, Barbara is here with us. We’re both going to take care of you, okay? There’s going to be a loud noise. Stay where you are until we come for you.
—All right, mommy. Is daddy here?
—Yes he is, darling. That was his voice you heard earlier.
—I thought so. I wanted to come out but you told me not to. Did Uncle Mike come with him?
—Yes, sweetheart. They’re all here to make us safe and take us home.
In that instant, Barbara shouldered the rocket launcher. She aimed, as Harry had shown her. The truck halted and the man got out again. The situation was perfect. She pulled the trigger. In a split second the rocket found its target. The man ducked and covered as the truck disintegrated beside him.
He stood up beside the smoking ruins and looked towards the hilltop. The last thing he saw were the two women. Sasha unloaded the AK on his position. Puffs of sand and rock danced towards him as she found the range. He collapsed and lay still.
Barbara regarded her friend.
—I suppose we’d better go down there and check to see if he’s done for dinner. We wouldn’t want him playing possum on us, would we?
—There’s no possum in this sand trap. And you’re right. Let’s go.
She called to Christa.
—Stay here, darling. Mommy and Barbara have to check on something.
Sasha racked. The mag was empty. She went to Christa in her little foxhole and retrieved a mag. She handed off the AK to Barbara.
—Trade you for Mike’s shotgun, girl.
—I’m going to stay with Christa, mommy dearest. You go do your thing.
Sasha made haste on her way down the hill towards the burning technical.


Harry topped the ridge as the shotgun’s boom echoed up the side of the hill.
—I heard the explosion. You got to fire the RPG. Are you happy now?
—Yeah. No. I got to fire it. I think I killed another one. Sasha went down to check and finish the job.
Harry called to his daughter.
—Christa, you can come out now.
—Daddy!
Small rocks scattered as the little girl climbed out from her hiding place and ran to her father. He took her in his arms and twirled her around.
—We’ll wait here for mommy, okay? She won’t be long.
—I made a foxhole for a hidey place. Mommy helped me. Come and see.
She took Harry’s hand and led him to her hidey place surrounded by the rocks she had gathered.
—You sure did, sweetheart.
Harry and Barbara and Christa squatted on the rocks by Christa’s foxhole on the crest of the hill. They waited for Sasha to make the climb up the hill. Huffing and puffing, she finally arrived.
—Are you two working hard or hardly working?
Sasha bent to pick up the discarded AK.
—Do you have a spare mag? I only have the one.
Harry handed over a magazine. She tucked it into her shoulder bag and slung the rifle over her shoulder. She bent to pick up her daughter. Christa’s arms surrounded her.
—Let’s go, honey. I’ve done enough work for one day.
—I have more mags if you need them, daddy.
—Of course you do, sweetheart. You hang on to them for now, okay?
The DC-3 roared and circled overhead. Bill flung lead into the corpse of the smoking technical the women had knocked out. Satisfied, Mike did another flyby.
—Bill’s guns must have jammed. That has to be why he missed out on the truck. You about shot up everything in sight.
—I had a good teacher. I’m just a little rusty after all these years.
Sasha slung the AK in front of her. It was the same way she had carried it on the Baja.
—Woman, there you go again with another AK across your chest.
—It’s not the same chest I had on the Baja. And we don’t have a Jeep to celebrate.
—It might not be the same, but it’s still the best.
Sasha knew now it was Harry who did the bulk of the cleaning up. She was only the window dressing for his full-on assault from the hilltop. He never said a word to Barbara about his efforts from behind the ridge.
—Thank you for saving my ass one more time, Harry. Why didn’t you tell Barbara?
—You’re welcome. And that’s your story to tell. I just happened to be here.
Overhead, Mike did a gear-down low-and-slow, off to the side to allow Bill to cover them with the 50s. The DC-3’s wings waggled for the last time. Mike threw it into a bank and headed west to the landing strip.
—We’ll meet up with Mike and the crew later. Right now, Ali wants to meet you.
—Who’s Ali again?
In the heat of battle, she had forgotten about Harry’s friend from the time he had spent in this part of the Horn.
—An old friend. He says he wants to meet the woman that can drag both Mike and me back into action. If I know him, he’s going to want to make you his fourth wife.
They made their way down into the valley and halted by the old man’s technical. Ali, gray-haired and still handsome in the fashion of a desert dweller, slowly made his way towards Sasha.
—So this is the woman. I am honored. And this is your daughter? This is your Christa?
The old man pronounced the girl’s name in the local fashion as one not familiar with it.
—This woman gave you this gift? For shame, Harry. Why is she here in my part of Africa and not back in your house taking care of you?
Sasha smiled at Ali. He had won her over. Even Christa had taken the old man's hand. She glanced briefly in Harry’s direction. His face was beet-red.
—I’m wondering about that myself.
—Perhaps Sasha would rather have a Somali headman to take care of instead.
Sasha smiled at the old man.
—How many?
—You will be number five, but you will be my favorite.
Harry moved to break up the love affair before Sasha might consider taking the old man up on his offer.
—All right, you two. You don’t have enough camels to trade, Ali. Even if she wanted to go with you.
Ali laughed.
—You are right, my friend. Then let us get back to the landing strip. Come, Christa. You will ride with me.
—Come on, dear. We’re going to go with this nice man who helped rescue us.
—Mommy, he said my name different.
—That’s all right, dear. That’s how they say your name in this part of the world.
Gene chose that moment to come out from behind a pile of rocks. A huge and growing wet spot anointed his legs. He recognized Harry immediately.
—I knew it. You stupid bastard. You could have gotten us all killed. How am I going to get out of here now? My company will be wondering where I am. I need to get to a phone.
Sasha stared coldly at the man.
—These are the only people looking out for anyone, you dumb son of a bitch. Harry, look after Christa for a minute. There’s something I need to do.
She unslung the AK and raised the butt. She put her weight behind it a smashed it into her former suitor’s face. There was no time for him to be surprised. Cold-cocked, he dropped to the sand like a stone and stayed there, unmoving.
—Consider us broken up.
She turned to Harry and Ali. Both men regarded her in a new light.
—That ought to hold him for a while. Dammit but that man is annoying. Why did I have to come halfway around the world to find that out?
Sasha checked the AK’s action. She took another magazine from Harry before climbing into the Jeep with Christa and Barbara. She kept the AK across her lap, making sure to aim the muzzle out the door.
40
Out of the past - Kenya


MIKE HUNG UP THE PHONE. A wide grin on his face told the story. He had arranged for a wire transfer and two one-way tickets to ride on a Hawker flying to Benghazi. Next stop, the hospital and Harry. Harry was going to be thrilled when he heard the news.
Mike confronted the door to Harry’s room. He put his ear against the closed door and gave a quick listen. The muffled voices made little sense. He walked in without knocking and cleared his throat. It took three tries and the occupants barely noticed.
A raven-haired woman in a white uniform fussed over Harry. She was no slouch in the looks department. His throat-clearing earned him a cross look from Harry and a quick once-over and a frown from the nurse.
—Yes? Who are you looking for? Can I help you, sir?
He ignored them both and refused to take the hint. The nurse smiled down at Harry in his sick-bed.
—I’ll be back later to check on you, Harry.
She turned away in a huff and did a quick-step march out of the room.
—What’s the diagnosis?
Harry grinned like a baboon on discovering a fresh pile of rocks.
—Until you showed up, I’d say it was pretty good. After your interruption, I’m not so certain.
—No, you jackass. What’s the medical diagnosis?
—Oh, that. The doc says I can leave in a day. When I asked my personal nurse for a second opinion, she said I could stay at her place until I get my sea legs.
—That’s nice, but neither of us is in the navy. I’ll be in Benghazi, waiting for you to tire of your personal nurse.
Mike reached into a pocket and withdrew the tickets and the cash. He waved them in front of Harry.
—Benghazi? When do we leave?
—I’m almost there. As for you, when you’re ready. I figure it’ll take you a week, maybe less, to make good your escape.
—Nurse won’t be bringing back my clean clothes until her shift starts tomorrow.
Mike emptied his rucksack on the bed.
—No worries. I have everything you need right here.
Harry eyed the pile of wrinkled clothes.
—Who does your ironing?
—Well, obviously not your nurse, that’s for sure.


Mike moved into the hall to wait for Harry to dress. He contemplated how he would tell the man what went down during the pursuit from the mine to the Kenya border crossing. Harry’s understanding of what happened was sure to be clouded by his concussion.
—What’s the last thing you remember, Harry?
—I was watching Eloria revive Irit. I draw a blank on anything after that.
—It’s not even that good.
—I figured as much when they didn’t show up with you.
—Eloria wasn’t able to revive her. Irit died in the Land Rover. I’m sorry, Harry.
It took Harry a moment before he could reply.
—And Eloria? Where is she? What happened to her?
The pained expression on Mike’s face told the story all by itself.
—If you’re not up to telling me about it—
Mike hesitated before continuing, unsure of where to begin. Finally, he relented.
—Eloria is the reason we’re sitting here talking about it. We owe her everything. When she couldn’t revive Irit, she collected both Galils. She put her back against the seat and started firing with a vengeance.
Mike paused, remembering.
—During a break to reload, she handed me her shotgun and told me to keep it until she got back. Back from where, I asked. By the time I got the words out, she was already out of the Land Rover and on the ground.
—Damn.
—Yeah. I checked the mirror in time to see her roll and then stand in the middle of the road. She popped smokes and that was the end of it. My only course was straight ahead. Next thing I know, a single Jeep is plowing through the smoke. By then, I was crashing through the border.
—So she got one of the Jeeps. How the hell did they get her so quick?
—If she was alive, neither of those Jeeps would have come through that smoke.
—You’re right. Damn. Those two were something else, weren’t they?
—When they learned you were missing, they didn’t hesitate. Between the two of them, they had more uhodori–and bigger balls too–than all the mercs sitting on their asses in camp. Without them, you’d still be sitting on that strip. Your bones would be stripped clean.
—Thanks to those two, we’re alive and safe in Nairobi. We definitely owe them everything.
—There’s something else, Harry.
—There always is.
—There were two passports taped to the shotgun. Canadian passports.
—Don’t tell me—
—That’s right. Forged or not, I don’t know. It turns out they were sisters.
—Sisters? Well, I can believe that. But Canadian? With those thick accents? I don’t think so. What did you do with the passports?
—I still have them. I was going to the Canadian embassy tomorrow.
—I don’t think so. Give them to me. We’ll stop at the other embassy first and drop them off.
—Then let’s get it done.
—You’re right. We’ve got people to pay back for the advance and the Benghazi tickets. Christ, Mike. Libya?
—I got us two one-way tickets. You can stay here, broke and listening to the stories in the Flying Club bar that you’ve heard a hundred times.
He could almost see Harry’s wheels turning.
—Your personal nurse would be happy to have you. Does she live alone?
It was true. She had said so. He never thought to ask if she lived alone.
—Or you could hole up in a dusty, wind-swept, isolated tent camp in the middle of a desert and get sand-blasted by a ghibli while you earn your pay.
—I’ve been thinking about that. Can I bring my personal nurse?
—Not unless I get one, too. Look, we owe people for the tickets and the advance. Do you want time to say goodbye to the nurse?
—No. You got us a pretty good offer. But we could turn it into something else.
—What do you have in mind?
—We could cash in those tickets and make a stop in Spain while we’re on our way to Mexico. Have you ever been to Mexico?
—Well, now that you ask—
41
Present Day - Horn of Africa


UNDER MIKE’S CAPABLE HANDS, the DC-3 began its low and slow approach to a landing at the desert strip. It would be the last time. Mike taxied and turned the plane as Harry had done. If need be, it could be started and begin its takeoff run from the same spot.
He hurried to climb on a wing, searching for the convoy making its way to the strip. The dust cloud appeared to be about a mile away. He jumped down and Art greeted him. The man was disappointed he hadn’t been able to take part in the air show, but he knew if anything mechanical with the plane, he’d be needed at the strip.
Art and Bill began the tedious work of pulling the 50s and the mount. When Harry and the convoy arrived, chased by a cloud of dust, they were still not done. Mike waited, impatient in the wing's shade.
—It’s about time. I was worrying when the gunfire stopped. I figured either Sasha was out of ammo or everyone was dead.
—It was a little of both. We’re all fine. Ali offered to make Sasha wife number five. She might still be thinking about accepting.
—The guys are pulling the 50s. When they’re finished, we’re good to go.
—Yeah. About that.
He regarded Art.
—Now what?
—I had to give my word to get my hands on that 3. Part of it was leaving the 50s in it when we finished.
—Ali won’t be happy he’s not getting his hands on those guns.
—Ali will have to do without. I don’t know what the plan is for the 3. I didn’t ask. All I know is, they wanted it left as is when I finished with it.
—Then that’s what we’ll do. You’re going to have to tell Ali.
—It’s as good as done. I told him about it after our camp got shot up. He’s good with it.
—In that case, let’s get this flying circus airborne.
A troubled Gene remained incapable of comprehending what had happened. That, and the rifle butt to the head convinced Sasha that she’d never set him straight. She was finished with the man.
—How soon are we getting out of here?
Sasha frowned. Gene ignored her, to his peril.
—I already told you, Gene. If you don’t stop your bitching, I’m going to open up on you with this AK. Are you deaf, dumb, blind, and stupid, too?
Art looked at Gene and shook his head at the man’s stupidity.
—If I were you, boyo, I’d listen to what that woman says. She means business.
Art and Bill reversed their work on the 50s and completed the reinstall. They busied themselves with rearranging the cabin to make room for the new passengers. The atmosphere on board the plane was charged with the excitement of the day’s action. Getting out was high on everyone’s agenda.
Mike and Barbara approached Ali one last time.
—Ali, my wife has something for you.
—Yes? What is it?
Barbara pulled the shotgun off her shoulder and presented it.
—I have no more need for this.
—Thank you. I am honored by your thoughtfulness. And thank you, my old friends, for your gifts. If the need should arise in these difficult times, I will put them to good use defending my village.
—You’re welcome, Ali. Harry and I are grateful for your help. We couldn’t have done this without you. We will always remember you.
Harry waved from the cockpit.
—All aboard. It feels like the wind is changing direction. It’s time to launch before we get shut down by a sandstorm.
—So long, Ali. May you live long and have many wives.


Harry allowed Mike to taxi the DC-3 to the front of the deserted hangar in JIB. The modern jet he parked beside presented quite a contrast. It had remained untouched in their absence. Harry hadn’t bothered to tell Mike he had arranged for a crew to guard it until their return.
—There should be a flight crew waiting to fly this thing away. Leave it running and let them take it while we load the jet.
—Are you ever going to tell me about it?
—Some day, maybe.
—It’s going to come back to bite us both in the ass, isn’t it?
—It’s not for you to worry about. I signed up all by my lonesome.
—You say that now, but we both know you don’t mean it.
—Don’t forget to unload Gene and point him towards the terminal building.
—Yeah. No. About that. He’s a good customer. They pay their bills on time. I think we’ll be taking him as far as Naples, at least.
Harry looked at his friend.
—Are you certain the company wants him back?
—Well, his father might. I’m not sure about anyone else. In any case, he’s coming with us for now.


Mike received clearance to position the jet for takeoff. In back, all on board were eager to begin the long flight home.
—Christa, Barbara and Harry want to talk to you.
The little girl looked up at her mother.
—Am I in trouble?
—I don’t think so. Let’s find out.
Sasha took her daughter’s hand and walked with her.
—Christa, honey, you did a good job when you turned on the locator. High five.
Christa beamed, happy that she wasn’t in trouble, and doubly happy that she had helped to get everyone out of trouble. She high-fived Barbara.
—Mommy helped me with it.
—Yes, sweetheart, but you were the one in charge.
—Thank you, Daddy. Thank you, Barbara. I don’t think Mommy likes Gene any more. I don’t like him either.
—It’s okay not to like someone. You just don’t say mean things about him to other people.
Barbara rolled her eyes.
—Woman, there’s no way I’ll be trying that on for size. I’ve been speaking my mind for too long. Which reminds me—if you ever try something like that again, you’re going to have to deal with me. Is that understood?
Sasha considered crossing her fingers behind her back and then thought better of it. At the last minute, she changed her mind.
—Yes, Barbara. Something like this won’t happen again. I can promise you that.
Sasha uncrossed her fingers and smiled sweetly at Harry and Barbara. She wasn’t fooling anyone.


It was lecture time. Harry already knew Sasha would win at it. She’d been winning with him for too many years. Even so, he had to try.
—Do I have to remind you what happened the last time you went on some half-baked shopping trip without me?
—Is this going to be a test? Yes, I remember. You rescued me.
—The two of you could have stayed in Djibouti and spent the day wandering around the shops and soaking up the atmosphere. It’s not such a bad place.
—We could have, but then we wouldn’t have you here with us now, would we?
He looked at his ex. All he could do was shake his head. There was no winning with this woman—but that was what drew him to her in the first place.
—Do either of you have your players with you?
—We both do. Why.
—Dial it up.
—Dial what up?
—You know what.
Sasha handed Harry her music player. He plugged it into the sound system on board the jet. An old Crazy Town tune, Butterfly, started the serenade.
—I know you better than you think.
 Sasha blushed, but she refused to surrender.
—Maybe you do, and maybe you don’t.
—Mike says he has a job for me. I’m going to take it. It would mean you’d be seeing me more often.
—Why don’t you ask our daughter what she thinks about that? After everything that happened, you already know how I feel.
An exhausted Christa was fast asleep beside her mother. She had spent most of the day explaining to anyone who would listen that she had been captured by pirates in the desert and rescued by her daddy’s team of men.
Barbara reminded her that she, too, had been part of the team. Christa updated her story. It became Barbara’s team of men that had rescued her and her mother from the pirates.
Which was all right with her father.
It was all right with her mother, too.


Mike checked the autopilot. Satisfied, he moved to the First Officer position. The left seat was empty. He paged Harry to join him in the cockpit. Harry didn’t blink an eye. He pulled up the armrest like the Captain’s seat was meant for him and settled into the seat. He strapped in and out of habit scanned the gauges.
Mike regarded his old friend.
—How does it feel?
—You’re trying to bribe me.
—Yes.
—Is that offer of a job still good?
—You know it, man.
—Good, because I’ve got some ideas.
—Hang on. You’ll be starting with a co-pilot position on a Twin Otter. If you don’t get bumped, you’ll make Captain in six months or so.
—You’re getting even for San Diego, aren’t you? Does that mean that you’ll be throwing the women to the curb, too?
—I was thinking a layover on the French Riviera would do those three women a world of good.
—You owe Barbara an explanation.
—I know. I’ll tell her the story behind the shotgun before we head home.
—If you don’t—
—Would you go back and check to see if those two women brought any weapons on board? French customs will take a dim view and I can’t afford to forfeit this airplane.
42
Out of the Past - Eloria


ELORIA GREW UP IN THE northern seaport of Haifa. She was separated from her sister, Irit, at an early age when she was shipped off to live with her grandmother, forced by family finances. By the time high school came around, they began hanging out together and had become fast friends.
They would walk to school together, meeting in the middle of the street in their working-class neighborhood, forcing what traffic there was to slow down and honk horns to get past them. Later, during school breaks, they’d bus to the beach and hang out. Annoying the boys proved to be a big pastime.
When they turned eighteen, they joined the army and gravitated to the MP Corps, where they went through training together. They ended up getting posted to the Golan. The fights they got into taught them how to back each other up and take care of themselves.
When their tour was up, return to civilian life was characterized by boredom. One day Irit noticed an ad for security personnel with an overseas posting. She jumped at the chance. It took little talking to get Eloria to do the same, thus they took a short bus-ride for the interview.
It was a simple process, and given their former experience, they were offered the jobs. To celebrate, they went to the nearest bar and drank themselves silly in between fights with the other patrons. Eventually, they got thrown out and ended up puking in the alley behind the bar.
The next morning, they showed up at the recruiting office for their travel documents. Foreign passports and identities were given with a minimum of ceremony. Neither of them batted an eye at the forged papers. The next day, they shipped out.
Their first assignment took them to Dar es Salaam in Tanzania. While it turned out to be a cake-walk, it got them accustomed to the security routine of working in a foreign outpost in a large city. Together, they learned to do all over again what they had been trained to do in their country's military. Even the weapons were familiar. Their rapport translated into an affinity for the work. The pair earned excellent job reviews.
Eventually, their reputation saw them rewarded with ever more tough assignments. They accepted every one without question or complaint. Their most recent had them on a flight to a northern Tanzanian town where they were unceremoniously dumped on an airstrip.
A small single-engine plane with engine screaming braked and disgorged its passengers in a cloud of dust. The passengers climbed into a broken-down truck and disappeared. The plane did the same when it taxied to the strip and became airborne. A man shepherding the passengers remained behind.
—I think we should have jumped on that plane.
Eloria only shrugged and gestured to the solitary man remaining behind.
—I wonder who that one is?
The women collected their duffels and walked down a dusty road towards town. They made their way to the only hotel in the sun-baked village. Khat-chewing locals lounging around the entrance greeted them with white-toothed smiles. Following check-in to claim the last remaining rooms, they met with the company man sent to brief them. They were to be flown out to a location deep in the bush the very next day.
The women collected their weapons and headed down to the bar to discuss their latest adventure. It would be their last night out before the isolation of the bush.


The bar was a hole in the wall was a dingy affair, smelling mostly of dirt and sweat. There was enough light to make out the white faces within. So far, theirs were the only ones. Eloria nudged Irit and the two women observed two men walking in.
—Take a look at that.
—Probably Americans. You can’t get away from them these days.
—I don’t care. Fresh meat for us to annoy. If they’re looking for white girls, they found us.
She kicked two chairs across the dirt-packed floor towards the guys and they sat down. It was almost too easy.
—I’m Eloria. My partner is Irit.
—Pleased to meet you both. I’m Harry. He’s Mike.
—You look familiar. Are you the one that helped unload the plane?
The look she got said her question made them uncomfortable. All things considered, that was no surprise out here, given what was going on in the bush.
—Mike and I work for a mining company. Maybe you’re with the same outfit?
—That depends on the name of the mining company.
He avoided the question and instead went where the women weren’t comfortable going.
—You’re Israeli. I can tell by the accents.
—No, we’re Canadian.
Mike chose that moment to go for more beer, leaving Harry behind to call the women on it.
—Actually, Mike and I are Canadian. And your accents sound like you might be from Montréal. Am I right?
Shit. Their cover was blown. By actual Canadians. Now what? To change the subject, Eloria pulled a Galil from behind her chair and leaned it against the table. Irit did the same. Perhaps intimidation would work. It had before.
—What are you really doing out here?
—We’re a couple of lost Canadians looking for a place to live and women to love.
The one called Harry did have a pleasant smile.
—Fellow Canadians for sure? That’s good with us, right Eloria? Come on, you two. Curfew is coming up. We have somewhere we need to be.


Eloria woke in the dark in the humid room. An arm moved beneath the damp pillow. She rolled and bumped up against an even warmer man. Her hand joined one disappearing beneath the pillow. She almost missed. She swiped and her grip closed on a hand that had attached itself to the barrel of the sawed-off shotgun tucked away beneath the pillow.
—Let it go.
—What?
—Let go.
Eloria worked her fingers beneath the man’s hand. His grip on the barrel was firm, but not so firm that she couldn’t press and twist. She extracted the empty hand from beneath the pillow without hurting it.
—Don’t do that again if you know what’s good for you.
She moved the man’s warm hand to her cool breast beneath the thin sheet. She shifted against the warm, sweaty body lying beside hers. In minutes, she had him convinced and ready to make love again. She’d lost count of the number of times. Even so, she kept her mind on the shotgun until she lost herself in eager desire for the sweaty body under her.
Eventually, need replaced desire with for drunken sleep. In her hung over stupor, Eloria didn’t hear the man dress and depart in the twilight before dawn.


Eloria looked around in the small room. She was alone. Dim daylight filtered in through a small window. She decided she was still drunk and not yet sober enough to be hung over. She shrugged, reached beneath the pillow, and pulled out the shotgun. Checked the chamber. Snapped it closed and made sure the safety was on. She placed it in her duffel and staggered her way to her sister’s room.
—Irit. Wake up. It’s time. Let’s go.
Her words slurred.
—Shit. What time is it? Where did the guys go?
—I don’t know. They deserted us. Come on. We’re late to meet up with our people.
They stumbled to the Jeeps and the crew of hung-over mercs waiting to be transported to the airstrip servicing the bush camp. No one wanted to be first to climb on the Jeeps, let alone board an airplane for a flight. The unhappy load pulled up at the strip. Those that could threw up. Some only dry heaved. They had discovered through experience that it was about par for the course with these people. They were a part of it now.
The same plane they had seen yesterday was parked by the side of the sand strip. Irit took in two men looking it over.
—Look. It’s our boys from last night. What do you suppose they’re doing here?
—Looks like they’re doing a pre-flight. They must be the aircrew. Shit. Here they come.
Harry spotted the women first. He nudged Mike.
—They must have followed us. How are we going to get rid of them?
—Hey, you’re the one looking for a place to live and a woman to love.
—I thought you were busy at the bar. Are you telling me I actually said that?
Mike regarded his friend.
—Yes.
—In that case, they must be all right.
Harry’s manner went into gruff mode as he approached the women.
—What are you two doing here? Did you follow us?
Still hung-over Eloria was in no mood to take shit from a one-night stand. She pulled the Galil off her shoulder and waved it in Harry’s direction. She kept the muzzle pointed skyward.
—We’re with the mercs. Do you have a problem with that?
The look she gave him convinced him otherwise. He mellowed, and a half-assed grin crossed his face. Eloria returned the smile with a nervous one of her own.
—Why didn't you say something last night?
—We didn’t know who you were last night.
—Now that you do, board those drunken excuses for men. Be sure to let them know that if anyone gets sick on my plane, I’ll toss them out personally.
Even in her drunken stupor, Eloria recognized Harry wasn’t a man to be trifled with when it concerned his airplane.
—You and your partner can wait here with Mike until I get back. You’d better be sure your own guts are empty or I’ll toss you both out too. One at a time.
Harry regarded the smiling woman. She was grinning like a puppy with a new friend. Harry didn’t know it, but already Eloria had her mind made up. Harry and her sister would be a good match. She continued to grin like a puppy at the man Irit had already welcomed into her bed.


Eloria and Iris observed the Pilatus on its return flight. It taxied to a stop in a cloud of dust kicked up by the reverse pitch propeller setting. The engine continued its high-pitched scream. The pilot didn’t shut down. Instead, he got out and motioned for them to climb aboard. Eloria looked into the cargo compartment and didn’t like what greeted her. No seat belts. No seats. No intercom.
—Holy shit. He wants us to climb on board a piece of junk.
Irit pointed a thumb over her shoulder to the inside of the cargo compartment.
—At least they’ve got firepower strapped to the bulkhead. I wonder if they know how to use it.
Mike, annoyed and still hung over, was in no mood to take backtalk.
—Let’s go, ladies. Stop bitching and climb aboard.
Mike unceremoniously shoved Irit up front with Harry and then took a seat on the floor beside Eloria in the cargo compartment. He removed two lap belts from a small compartment and fastened the clevis pins to the blocks on the floor. He waited for the woman to buckle in before giving Harry the high sign.
Harry stood on the brakes and firewalled the throttle. The noise was almost unbearable. Mike returned his attention to the woman strapped in beside him.
—What are a couple of nice girls like you doing in a place like this?
Eloria’s response was drowned out by the high-pitched scream of the PT-6 engine as it continued to wind up for takeoff. Harry released the brakes, allowing the Pilatus to gain flying speed. At the appropriate moment, Harry rotated the control column, and the Porter lifted and rolled onto the tail wheel. Lightly loaded, he initiated a steep climb, allowing the purpose-built aircraft to do one of the things it did best.
Eloria’s stomach began churning. Keeping in mind Harry’s admonition about throwing up in his plane, she closed her eyes and covered her ears.
She put a talkative Mike, glued to her hip in the tight confines of the cargo compartment, on ignore for the rest of the trip. It was tough to do. At the best of times, all she could do was nod or shake her head at the man’s non-stop barrage of questions.


Up front, Irit wasn’t weathering the flight much better. She was just as hung over as her sister in the back. Harry looked across at the woman, grinned, and looked down at the familiar bush strip before it passed beneath the nose. He pulled the prop into Beta and pointed the nose down at a steep angle.
The Porter dove for the ground. A roller coaster flare and sudden stop coming so fast after touchdown had the desired effect. Eloria jumped out and headed towards the tail. Irit threw open the door and followed.
Together, they leaned against the fuselage and threw up. Neither stopped dry-heaving until Harry kicked them both in the ass. The dirty looks he got for his trouble couldn’t wipe the grin off his face.
—What did you think of my landing?
—Fuck you!
Mike threw the duffels out of the plane.
—Grab your gear and find a tent. We’ve got work to do.
Pale-faced, the women stumbled down the rows of faded canvas, hung over and sweating in the bush humidity. They made their way to the bunkhouse. They weren’t impressed by the rows of side-by-side cots.
—Shit. We can’t bunk in with these guys. They’ll have us for breakfast.
—I noticed that, too. I wonder how Mike and Harry would feel about sharing a tent?
—They are kind of cute. It wouldn’t hurt to ask.
—Ask? Let’s tell. If they say no, we’ll worry about it after we unpack and get set up. Besides, they seemed all right in the bar last night. If we have problems, we’ll handle them like we always do.
—They treated us pretty good, even when they were drunk. I like them.
—So do I.



PART THREE
Ghosts
43
Present Day - Canada


HARRY DELANEY PICKED UP the ringing phone. He got to it late. There was no one there, so he went downstairs to make coffee. In the upstairs bedroom, a second call woke Sasha out of a deep sleep. Groggy, she reached across the night table to answer the phone. It was no big deal. She was accustomed to the late-night calls scheduling the never-ending positioning flights.
Harry called up to her.
—Was it flight ops?
—Whoever it was didn’t say. I asked if you had to go in early, but she had such a heavy accent I couldn’t understand her. When I asked who it was, she hung up.
—Probably someone new in dispatch. Sometimes they get uncomfortable talking to wives.
—Which one of them has the accent?
—Accent? What accent? As far as I know, none of them. I’ll check in first thing to confirm the rescheduling.


It happened during the East Africa excursion to rescue Sasha, his ex-wife. That was when Harry came to realize he still had feelings for the woman. On his return from saving her rear, he cashed out everything he had to buy the house. That Sasha and their daughter moved in to share the place confirmed that she, too, wanted to give the relationship another try.
He hoped all of it would put an end to the woman’s thirst for adventure. As much as he hated to admit it, Sasha’s thirst was resembling his own, more and more.
The past eight months of home life had gone by in a blur. His friend Mike Williams had offered him the promised flying job. He accepted and ended up posted in the north to fly a Twin Otter. True to Mike’s word, he started out as a co-pilot, but it was looking like he’d get bumped to Captain sooner than expected. The extra money would come in handy now that he had his family back.
Harry grew accustomed to the rotation schedule. It was three weeks out and one week home. Sasha had some trouble adjusting to having him underfoot for seven days at a time. They had laughed when she told him, but she knew he wanted to be around for their daughter now that Christa would soon be into her tweens. He’d be around a lot more when he transitioned to Captain on one of Mike’s jets.
The ease with which he fell into the regimented flying surprised him. He had become accustomed to the adventure and the highly paid flying jobs he took in Africa to pay the bills for his formerly estranged family. He knew now that he should have taken Mike up on his job offer years ago.
He settled in to enjoy the fruits of his labor after the years spent roaming foot-loose and fancy-free across what used to be called the Dark Continent. Who would have known? Both he and Sasha should have gotten a kick in the ass from someone a lot sooner. That someone was Mike’s wife, Barbara, but rather than kick them, she had let them be. Somehow, she knew the inevitable would happen.
And it did, no thanks to his wandering ways. Things were going so well in the relationship department with Sasha that they had talked about getting pregnant again. It wasn’t always so.


The phone rang again. Annoyed by the interruption to his early-morning coffee routine, Harry picked up the phone. His hello was an empty greeting. He never had time to say another word. It was all he could do to understand the thick accent of the woman who wouldn’t stop talking. He listened carefully. What he heard was unbelievable. When the woman finished, he put the phone down. He knew immediately that all thoughts of a marriage proposal and plans for a wedding had flown out the window.
In his former life, he would never have bothered to tell Sasha a thing. He would have packed and left. Now, with Sasha and their daughter Christa as a part of his renewed life, he committed to telling her everything. He had to. It couldn’t be any other way.
Reluctantly, Harry made a trip to the garage. It took him a couple of minutes to dig out his old duffel. He recalled how he had almost tossed it, given his new life. Duffel in hand, he made his way to the upstairs bedroom. Every step he took weighed heavily. Already he knew Sasha would not be happy. He hesitated at the door to the bedroom, trying to collect his thoughts.
—What’s going on? Do you have to leave early? Give me a minute to dress and I’ll drive you.
Sasha swung her feet to the floor.
—Damn it. I don’t want to do this. I thought I’d have more time.
Sasha’s attention was drawn immediately to what Harry had dropped on the foot of the bed. She recognized the tan-colored and dusty old desert bag Harry had hauled across the African continent countless times. The look on his face and his words warned her something was bothering him.
—It’s two a.m. It’s not time for you to leave. What’s going on?
—I just had a phone call—
She didn’t allow him to finish.
—It wasn’t about work, was it? The woman’s accent—
He confronted Sasha straight on. He couldn’t lie. Not any more.
—I’m going to have to leave for a while.
—Yeah. No. You’re not.
Her resolve was firm, and he knew it. He waited her out.
—There’s no way you’re leaving us behind ever again. I don’t care what’s going on.
—It’s something I have to do. I gave my word.
—Then I’m coming with you, Harry Delaney.
Harry flashed back to his meeting with Sasha and her friend Barbara on the Mexican Baja. He and Mike took the women out of a dangerous situation on the Baja and brought them across the border to safety. Even so, Sasha wasn’t a trusting person. She was dead set against marrying him. In fact, she wanted nothing to do with him. Mike didn’t think he’d be able to crack her. Barbara knew differently, but she never said a word about it until after the two married.
That told him how close the women were. At the time, he made a promise to himself to never come between their friendship. So far, so good.
Up to now.
He saved Sasha’s sorry ass one last time on the Horn of Africa after her kidnapping adventure.
It was about time he asked her to marry him again. He thought that ought to keep her out of the hot seat and close to home for the duration. That had flown out the window with this latest revelation. He had committed to asking her before he left on his next rotation. She’d have three weeks without having him underfoot to think about it.
Harry was confident it wouldn’t take her even that long to get her to bite the bullet for the second time.
Grim-faced, Harry looked at his partner. Together, they’d been through so much. Stubborn as the woman was, he knew there was no way he’d be able to convince her to stay behind. He needed to try anyway.
—I can’t take you. I refuse to let the mother of our child put herself in harm’s way ever again. You’d better know that by now.
That was all he had. He already knew it wasn’t enough.
—If you leave, I’m going with you and that’s all there is to it. If it’s what I think it’s about, you’re not doing it without me.
—In that case, Christa is going to have to stay with Barbara and Mike. I can’t tell you a thing until after you drop her off. I won’t take a chance on Mike finding out. Or Barbara.
Harry’s ashen face said more than he wanted. He busied himself with packing while Sasha hurried out of bed.
—I’ll be as fast as I can. Barbara is going to give me the third degree. Judging by her reaction the last time I took off, she’s liable to chain me to the balcony.
—I know. Throw some things on the bed and I’ll pack your bag while you’re dropping off Christa.
—What am I packing for?
—Africa. I already made reservations for us into NBO.
It secretly pleased her that Harry had anticipated her refusal to stay home.
—Barbara is going to have a fit when I arrive in the middle of the night.
—You can’t say a word to her. Mike will want to know what’s going on. It’s bad enough that I have to send you to tell him I won’t be at work tomorrow.
—You can’t call him?
—He’ll have too many questions that I’ll feel obligated to answer. It wouldn’t be fair to either of them.
—It’s about the women who got the two of you across the border and out of Tanzania, isn’t it? Just how many years ago was that?
—Not long enough, apparently. I didn’t let on, but it’s been eating me up for quite a while. I need closure.
—You can tell me all about it on the way to the airport.
44
Present Day - Canada


BARBARA OPENED THE DOOR for Sasha and Christa and ushered them into the kitchen. She knew right off by Sasha’s ashen fact that something was up. That, and her friend’s arrival with Christa in tow had her on alert. They’d been friends too long and spent too much time together for her not to know something was going on. Without a word, she took a groggy Christa from Sasha’s arms and took her upstairs to put her to bed before hurrying back down to confront her friend.
—It’s oh dark-thirty. What the hell is happening, girl? Is it Harry?
Sasha regarded her friend. In an instant, all the troubles they’d been through and shared over the years flashed through her mind. If she only knew how hard it was for her not to give up Harry’s secrets. It was too late now. She’d promised Harry.
—I can’t tell you on pain of death by nagging. Or worse.
Harry would leave her behind, and that wouldn’t happen in this lifetime if she had anything to say about it.
—If you’re going off on another one of your expeditions, I’ll have your hide. Sit and we’ll have coffee.
—I can’t. I don’t have time.
—You will or I’m waking Mike.
—Harry will kill me for this.
—He won’t kill you as bad as I will if you don’t tell me.
Their friendship developed over the years was too strong. She couldn’t deny it.
—I’m swearing you to secrecy, girl. Like old times.
Barbara took a deep breath and nodded.
—Here’s to old times.
Sasha settled back in her chair and regarded her friend.
—I don’t know anything. He wouldn’t tell me. All I know is he’s making reservations for Nairobi.
—NBO? Reservations? As in two? What’s going on?
—It took some doing, but I convinced him. He’s not getting away again, no matter how dangerous he says it is.
—Are you thinking what I’m thinking?
—Whatever it is, it’s my fault for traipsing off into the desert with that dimwit of an ex boyfriend. If it wasn’t for that—
—If it wasn’t for that, the three of you wouldn’t be together.
—True, but even so. He made some deal to free up that airplane you all used. Harry wouldn’t tell me what the arrangement was. Now I’m thinking it’s come time to pay up.
Both women knew their men would move mountains if someone who once helped them ever asked for help themselves.
—We both know Harry is good for his word. Mike, too. Always. If someone called in your man’s marker, Harry will move heaven and hell to make it good.
—That’s what I’m afraid of. There’s one more thing. You’re going to have to tell Mike that Harry won’t be at work for a while.
Sasha stood up and made for the door. Barbara followed her. She hoped it was all the information Barbara would demand of her. She opened the door, allowing a blast of cool air into the house. Mike chose that instant to reveal himself.
—Not so fast, woman.
Taken by surprise, Sasha turned. Barbara closed the door behind her, trapping the woman. An anxious look froze on her face.
—You tell that son of a bitch if he needs something, he’d better call. He doesn't have to go begging for anything.
Sasha looked across at Mike as she hugged her friend again.
—Thank you, Mike. I will. But not right off. He made me promise not to mention anything.
Barbara followed Sasha to the car.
—I knew it. I gave away that damned shotgun way too soon.
—Oh, I hope not.


Harry felt bad insisting that Sasha not divulge anything to Barbara. He knew how close the women were, but still. It had to be that way. Mike would have too many questions. He’d want to know too much. In any event, he didn’t have enough concrete information to tell the man anything.
It was bad enough he’d have to tell Sasha more about the two women that rescued them from the Tanzanian crash site. It was thanks to them they got across the border into Kenya. He’d fill her in, but it would be Mike’s recounting of the details that he passed on to her, reluctant as he was to do even that.
He remembered nothing. The head wound suffered from the firefight at the landing strip had completely erased any memories of the drive to the border. He had no recollection of his escape across the border from Tanzania into Kenya.
It was enough that Mike had finally shown up at the hospital in Nairobi, minus the girls. When he told him the firefight had killed the women, he almost lost it. He owed those two women everything.
While he waited for Sasha to return, he went online to check flights. They could get into Galkayo from Mogadishu. Mog wouldn’t be any fun with the rebels in control. He hoped a layover wouldn’t be required, especially now that his wife was coming along.
Dammit, but he didn’t want to put her in harm’s way again. This would be number three, and this time it would be on him if anything went sideways. With his wife coming along, it was time to call in some of the favors he was owed.
Harry searched through his Africa kit and retrieved a leather notebook filled with dog-eared pages. He flipped through the faded, wrinkled pages. A small amount of desert dust and sand filtered out. It had been that long since he’d needed it. He flipped pages, remembering, halting, remembering more, anxious for the number he needed until he found the name. He put through the call. The man on the other end of the line in Frankfurt listened patiently to Harry’s instructions. He didn’t ask questions.
It wasn’t the first time Harry had dealings with Frankfurt. He had trusted the man in the past, and had no reason not to now. He ended the call. The arrangement was for a shipment into Entebbe. They guaranteed it to meet up with his flight into Nairobi.
Harry’s phone rang a second time. It was the information he had been waiting for. Satisfied, he hung up and made one last call to an old acquaintance. The man ran an airline in Somalia. The former Somali Air had been the source of the DC-3 he and Mike had used to rescue Sasha on the Horn of Africa.
The phone rang a third time. This time it was his old friend Ali in Galkayo on the other end of the static-filled connection.
—I need you, my friend.
Harry didn’t ask why.
—We’re already on our way.
It was looking like payback would be a convoluted affair.


Sasha didn’t soft-shoe around letting Harry know that both Barbara and Mike knew something was going on.
—They put two and two together. Mike as much as said so as I was leaving. He must have been listening when I was talking with Barbara. He wasn’t very happy, to say the least.
—He’s going to have to live with it. I won’t involve him.
Mike had his own family now. To bring him into what was going on might jeopardize his friend’s happy life.
—What’s next on the agenda? Did you get my bag packed?
—Yes. Our tickets are waiting at the airport. The taxi is on its way—no, wait, it’s here already.
—I’m ready.
As enthusiastic as he knew his wife was, Harry himself wasn’t. The atmosphere in the taxi was subdued. He was committed, but having Sasha along was something he hadn’t counted on. He should have known he wouldn’t be able to stop her once she knew the real story.
—We’ll be in Montreal tonight.
—I know, Harry.
—That will be your last chance to back out.
It was fruitless, and he knew it.
—I think we can both be pretty certain that isn’t going to happen.
—I know, but I have to say it. You know why.
—Yes, I love you, too. Even when I wouldn’t admit it, and booted the two of you to the side of the freeway after we left Mexico.
Harry smiled. She’d finally admitted what he knew to be true after all these years. He turned away and smiled and looked out the window. Perhaps things wouldn’t be so bad on this expedition after all.
45
Present Day - Canada


HARRY HAD LITTLE to go on. As best he could, he brought Sasha up to speed on the events of the last few hours. He re-hashed what he remembered of Mike’s conversation in the hospital in Nairobi.
—I can remember pretty clearly when we hit the blockhouse at the tanzanite mine. The intent was to put some cash or gems in our pockets for traveling money, since we weren’t carrying cash. We came up empty-handed.
—Did you hurt anyone?
—No. When we learned there was nothing in the blockhouse, we got out as fast as we could.
—Are you sure?
—I remember that part pretty clearly. We were in and out in minutes after we got our hands on a vehicle. We made straight for the blockhouse. One of the women had already cleared it. I think it was Eloria.
—And?
She regarded Harry, wondering if she was getting the full story.
—That’s when it gets fuzzy. The last I remember clearly is high-tailing it down the road headed for the border. I can recall bits and pieces after that, but nothing that makes any sense. Believe me, I’ve tried.
—That’s understandable. You were suffering from the double whammy of a concussion and a shoulder wound.
—Strangely enough, I can remember the landing at the strip and getting shot up. I remember being bandaged up by the mercs. I can recall the firefight. Even the almost two-day trek to the mine is pretty clear. But after we hit that blockhouse, that’s the end. Everything went downhill from there.
Harry went on to recount Mike’s version of events. In a court of law, it would be called hearsay, but he trusted Mike implicitly. Eloria rode shotgun. Irit sat in the back, taking care of him. Mike caught sight of a Jeep in hot pursuit. He never slowed. It was full speed ahead.
It all went to hell when the RPG hit the tree just as the Rover passed beneath it. Irit took a branch full on. It went into her chest. Eloria crawled into the back and tried to revive her, but she was already gone.
—So there was no chance that Irit was still alive by the time Mike got you across the border?
—Not according to Mike. He told me he had the pedal to the metal headed toward the Kenya border. Eloria manned up and returned fire. She popped smoke, handed Mike her shotgun and rolled out of the Rover onto the road.
He hesitated, trying to remember as much as he could.
—Mike told me the last thing he saw was the smoke engulfing her. She had her Galil shouldered, and she was giving it a workout. A single Jeep penetrated the smoke, still in pursuit all the way into Kenya.
—And that was the end?
—Pretty much. He crashed through the border. A couple of klicks later, he pulled Irit out of the Jeep and stashed the firearms, except for the shotgun.
He told her about the passports taped to the sawed-off shotgun’s stock.
—After I got out of the hospital, before we left, I took them to the embassy. I showed some I.D. and got the third degree for my troubles. The embassy rep wouldn’t tell me a thing. I never saw the passports again.
—Could Eloria have been alive after the Jeep came out of the smoke?
—It’s a possibility. She was a professional. She might not have wanted to shoot after the Jeep passed her. We would have been in her line of fire, too.
Harry took his wife’s hand. There would be no talking her out of anything. Now that he’d told Sasha everything, there would be no turning back, either. He settled back in the seat and closed his eyes.


It was silent in the huge jet. Lighting was dim. Most of the passengers were asleep. Sasha mulled over Harry’s story.
—Do you think Mike ever told Barbara about Eloria and Irit?
If he had, Barbara had never said a work to her about it.
—I have no idea. All I know is that it was never a subject of discussion between us once I got out of the hospital.
—What happened with the passports?
—Despite their passports, I knew they weren’t Canadian. Their accents were too thick. I dropped the documents off at what I thought was the proper embassy and ended up getting the third degree for my troubles. My answers must have satisfied them, because they let me go about my business after a couple of hours.
—That was pretty momentous for both of you. You think he’d have at least mentioned it to Barbara.
—I don’t know, Sasha. Like I said—
—I know. Like you said. So if he told her, why didn’t you let Mike know about the call?
—Because lining up the DC-3 that we used to rescue you was entirely my deal.
—But you must have known that eventually someone would want to get paid back.
—I knew. I just didn’t think it would be so soon.
—What aren’t you telling me?
Harry sighed. Memories flashed through his head. His brow furrowed. Did Sasha need to know?
—Eloria might still be alive.
Now, for sure, there would be no going back.
Sasha’s head whipped around. Long, dark hair drifted across Harry’s shoulder. She regarded him with wide eyes. She grabbed Harry’s forearm. Her grip tightened.
—What? Are you sure? The woman with the accent on the phone?
So that was the reason he hadn’t told her anything about the phone call before they left Mike and Barbara behind.
—There’s a chance Eloria could still be alive.
At least, that’s what it had sounded like to him. The female voice on the other end of the line was heavily accented. Not only might Eloria be alive, but she was somehow connected to Ali in Galkayo. How could that even be possible? And where had she been all these years? Why was he getting calls from her only now?
He shut his eyes again. In another thirty-six hours, he’d know, one way or the other.


Harry was having second thoughts. How could he not? The comfortable life he had made for his family had been turned upside-down. Not only that, his once and future wife insisted on coming along. That could turn out to be huge trouble. And if it wasn’t, it could at the least be a terrible idea. He took another stab at it.
—It’s not too late to turn back. For either of us.
—I’ve been thinking about that, too. Do I really want to pull up stakes and go on a hunt with you for people who may or may not want us interfering in their lives? Do we even know who it was on the phone? Going by your description of the voice, it could be anyone.
—I’ve known Ali a long time. I don’t think he’d let himself be used if he didn’t think it was the right thing to do. He wouldn’t call me over there for something trivial.
—Perhaps you’re right.
Harry’s phone rang one last time. His face turned ashen. The phone went dead on the other end. He wrote down the number and turned it off.
—If you want to call Barbara and check on Christa, do it now.
He already knew what Sasha’s response would be.
—There’s no need. I trust Barbara. Our daughter will be fine, no matter what.
—We’re be ditching our phones. We’re picking up burn phones in NBO. Take out your SIM card and the memory and toss the phone in the trash. I’ll flush the rest.
—Are you going to tell me who that was?
—Yes.
—Well then, do it.
—It was Eloria. At least, it sounded like it could be her.
Sounded like? What was he saying? That he’d embarked on this adventure on a whim? That he was putting his wife in danger for a could have been?
—She’s alive. After all these years. What did she say?
—Not much. She didn't have time. She’s with Ali in Galkayo.
—With Ali? How did she get there from Tanzania?
—I guess we’ll be finding out soon enough.
—Yes, we will. There’s no way you’re going to convince me to go home now.
He smiled, thinking Sasha was just as stubborn as he was, if not more so.
—One more thing.
—Yes?
—Her last words before she hung up were, Please help us.
—Us? Are you sure?
Harry couldn’t believe it either. He considered the possibilities.
—Yes.
Was Irit alive too? Was it Ali? Who else could it be?
—But I thought Irit was dead.
—So did I.
46
Present Day - En route


HARRY LOOKED ACROSS THE AISLE at Sasha. He wasn’t pleased he hadn’t been able to shake her determination to accompany him. He made one more attempt, but already he knew it wouldn’t work.
—When we land in London, I have a meeting to go to. You’re not invited.
Sasha wasn’t having it.
—In that case, when we land in London, we’ll be staying overnight. I’ll make a reservation for us in arrivals so you’ll know where to go.
—I’d like it better if you flew home from there.
—Yes. I love you, too.
—Damn you, woman. Do you ever listen?
—Harry, if you've not learned one thing about me by now, you never will. When was the last time you talked me out of anything?
He didn’t have to think. He had no answer, either. Instead, he tried humor.
—Well, there was that one time on the Baja. In the Jeep. You were—
—If I remember right, it was me who did all the talking then, too.
There was no getting around it. Sasha had his number, and they both knew it.
—You’re right. I did all the talking when I convinced you to marry me. You listened for so long, I thought you were deaf.
—Yes, dear.
He changed the subject by pulling some old aerial photos and maps out of his carry-on. He described the long trek the four of them made across the bush to the mine site. That he remembered most of that was probably because he had to work so hard to overcome his wound and the concussion. The forced march had given him something to concentrate on.
He left out how he and Mike met the girls the day before and ended up spending the night. If Sasha had questions, she could ask. So far, she hadn’t. He tucked the photos away when the seat belt sign lit up.
—I want you to use your American passport to get through customs.
—Why?
—If anyone is fishing through the databases, they won’t expect it.
—All right, if you insist.
—Once you’re admitted you can destroy it. From then on, you’ll be a full-blooded Canadian, and attached to me.
—I think they call it married, Harry.
—Some do. Some don’t. We’re divorced, remember? Where we’re going, it could make all the difference when you can drop my name into the conversation.
He changed the subject again.
—After you find us a room, I’ll be heading to a meeting with an old Africa hand. I tried to make arrangements before we left, but with all the electronic snooping going on these days, I wanted to finalize things in person.
—How many markers are you calling in?
He ran through the list in his head. He’d need an airplane and munitions to go with it. He had already decided on a two-seater. He was familiar with just the one. If only he could get his hands on it. It would be perfect for getting two people out of trouble. Sasha wouldn’t know it, but she wouldn’t be one of the two. If he had anything to do with it, she’d be sitting poolside at a resort in Nairobi when hell was breaking loose.
—All of them.
This time, when he was finished, there would be no returning to the Dark Continent.


Harry thought back years ago to the job ad Mike had shown him. It hadn’t taken long to decide. He cabled a response almost immediately. When adventure called, he always answered.
He didn’t know at the time where it would take him, but eventually that job ended up earning both him and Mike a position in the huge African arms market. It was one that Harry suspected he would have to use to its full advantage now that he had a last mission to perform.
He hadn’t been privy to what transpired back in the camp when Mike was rounding up help to come to his rescue. He was just grateful that someone finally showed up. In fact, after he got himself shot, he thought he wouldn’t be getting out alive. Then he heard the explosion of a shotgun blast in the middle of a firefight. He knew right away a sound like that wasn’t a part of any rebel arsenal.
Even more surprising was how the rescued mercs wanted nothing to do with the rescuers. He guessed that being saved by two women wouldn’t be a story they wanted to hear when it got told in a bar. An event such as that would follow them for life. He never stopped hoping the chickenshit sons of bitches were left to guard shithouses in a flood plain.
Harry had no recollection of their run to the Kenyan border. Whether both Irit and Eloria had still been alive before they crashed through was beyond his conscious memory. It was all he could do to recall being admitted to the hospital in Nairobi.
When Mike told him what happened to the women, he took him at his word, and he took it hard. If it wasn’t for the two mercs that had taken a shine to both of them, he’d have been a goner.
Together with Mike, they had committed without question to rescuing him at the bush strip. When he heard they had been killed trying to get him across the border into Kenya, he crashed for the second time in the hospital.
The phone call he received shot that all to hell. He was left to figure out what went wrong and how he could fix it.
If he could fix it.


Harry returned from his London meeting and met a harried-looking Sasha in the lobby. She didn’t appear happy.
—Someone searched our room.
They took the stairs to the third-floor room. The signs of the search were everywhere. They were traveling light, but the backpacks had been stripped and their contents thrown around the room. Anything with a seam had been ripped open and examined.
—I thought you were a better housekeeper. Perhaps I was misinformed.
—I was away for only a few minutes. I went to the lobby to get reading material.
—It’s a good thing. You might have taken a beating, or worse.
—As I recall from our last expedition, Ali in Galkayo had an eye for both me and Barbara. Unless you want to plan on shipping me back to him, you’d better start talking.
—And if I might refresh your memory, our last expedition, as you call it, was put in place to rescue you.
Sasha’s feet were planted firmly on the floor, and her hands were on her hips. The look in her eyes wasn’t good, either. He was going to have to tell her everything. Well, almost everything. He didn’t have it all put together yet. He’d go with what he had.
—Where would you like me to start?
—How about with the phone calls you got at home in the middle of the night?
—The first was from Ali.
Harry stopped, but he knew he wouldn’t get any peace until he came up with a reasonable explanation. This time, he wouldn’t have to make anything up.
—Keep going if you know what’s good for you. And don’t take time to make it up as you go along.
Sasha never cut him any slack, but that was a good thing. He didn’t want any. Not now.
—Ali called me because he didn’t want to involve Mike. He wouldn’t tell me everything on the phone because of all those American listening agencies, but I got enough to know he needs some help. He was practically begging me.
—And you can never turn down a friend in need.
—Well, you were in on the last episode with Ali. After what he did for us, would you say no?
Sasha didn’t need time to think.
—Of course not.
—Before this is over, I want you to put that in writing and sign your real name.
—You only wish.
—There’s one other thing. That second phone call that came in at the house— 
Sasha held a questioning expression on her face. He hesitated, but only long enough to know he would have to come clean.
—It was Eloria on the other end. It’s been a long time since I heard her voice, but yes, it sounded like her. She’s not dead by a long shot.
—Then what was Mike— 
Sasha’s voice trailed off.
—I don’t know. That’s why we’re here. And no matter what went on, no matter what we’ll be walking into, Mike and Barbara must never know. Is that understood?
Sasha took a long time contemplating her answer. Harry knew the two women were closer than sisters. Closer than best friends. Closer than he and Mike had ever been. Their adventures kept them even closer. Neither one of them had ever told anyone about their escapades before the four of them got tangled up. Harry had asked no questions either. He never would.
—Well?
—You bastard. You’re forcing me to cross Barbara, aren’t you?
She gave him a hard look, and he knew he was into it with her now, whether or not he wanted to be. The look softened.
—All right. I promise. And both my hands are in plain sight, so you can see no crossed fingers.
—Good. Now come over here and give me a hug. It might be the last chance we get for a while.
Harry swept the clothes off the bed and pulled her onto it.
—It’s not a Jeep, but we’ll just have to make do with what we’ve got.
She pushed him down and climbed on top.
—Yes, we will.
47
Present Day - Entebbe


HARRY EASED THE COVERS OFF of his wife. He allowed his eyes to roam up and down a body that kept him just as interested now as he had been when he first met her. He grinned an evil smile and slapped her naked rear. He didn’t give her time to protest.
—Hustle it, girl. We’ve got ninety minutes to make the airport.
Sasha left the covers down and sat up. She enjoyed Harry’s eyes enjoying her.
—You never told me what happened yesterday.
If we’re going to make that plane, cover up, woman. You know my weaknesses too well.
Secretly pleased that her body still excited him, she made a show of doing only a part of what he suggested. Her forearm moved to shield her breasts and with a shake of her head, long, dark hair tumbled over her arm while she returned the grin.
—Is that better?
He ignored her. She knew he would. He was all business now.
—I set us up for two scenarios. I figured I had to. We could end up with four people to get out of there. I’m counting on you to be one of them.
—How so?
—I’ll tell you in the cab. Now let’s get it in gear.
Sasha’s fingers brushed a small object.
—Harry. What’s this?
She held up a small chip.
—Don’t tell me. That was in your bag.
He opened his own and poked and pried. He found nothing.
—Now what, dear?
Sasha’s tone was worried.
—Should we figure on attaching that thing to the taxi? What do you think?
—I think we’re into it now, whether or not we want to be. Someone is trying to monitor us, that’s for sure. I hoped it would take them longer.
They finished packing in a rush, wordless, throwing clothes into bags, concentrating on getting the job done as fast as they could.
—Come on. It’s time.
Harry loaded the bags in the taxi and forced the bug behind the seat.
—That’ll have to do for now. Did you flush it?
—The passport? Yes.
—Good. We’re headed to Schipol. After a bit of a layover, we’ll hop a milk run into Frankfurt and from there deadhead into Nairobi.
—And once we get there?
—Well, at first I wanted a plane. When that didn’t come through, I had to settle for a boat of some sort. I’m out of my element there, but someone promised a knowledgeable crew.
—And if that doesn’t work out?
—I'm depending on you to see that it does.
Sasha looked across at Harry.
—Me? What are you talking about?
—You’re the smarty-pants that came up with the plan to board that yacht down in Mexico. With all of your experience, you’re going to be my new admiral of my merchant marine.
—Shit, Harry. I haven’t seen hide nor hair of a boat since then. And if I knew how to sail one, I’d have climbed on board before I ever crossed paths with you two Baja bums.
—Look at it this way, my sweet.
Harry raised an eyebrow and smiled.
—You’re just starting out, and already you’re an admiral. At least you know enough not to wear spike heels and that your bottom should be covered up with just enough cloth to give the boys something to daydream about.
She dug an elbow into his ribs. She didn’t return the smile.
—You won’t be so happy when I put us aground on some Indian Ocean shoal.
—Your knowledge of nautical geography is astounding. Apparently, it’s an old tub that was salvaged and refurbished. I hope you won’t be upset when I tell you there’s going to be a small crew already on board.
—That’s good to hear. I can’t wait to have drinks served while I improve my tan.
—I don’t want to be the one to throw cold water on the vacay of your dreams, woman, but more likely, besides being my admiral, you’re also going to be on galley duty.


Sasha recognized the sound of the power being pulled back on the commercial jet’s engines. She checked her watch and realized it was early to be landing in Nairobi.
—We can’t be close, Harry. It’s too soon.
The Captain’s voice came over the PA.
—Ladies and gentlemen, there will be a slight delay on our arrival in Nairobi. Presently we’re set up for an approach into Entebbe. We estimate twenty minutes on the ground before becoming airborne for our final destination.
Sasha regarded Harry.
—I thought you said this would be a direct flight.
—It is.
—But— 
—Is your seat belt fastened?
She knew better than to ask again.
The jet banked left to line up on final and Sasha watched the runway lights flicker three times and go out before they disappeared beneath the plane. They must have come back on, because once the jet touched down, the field went dark a second time.
—It’s pitch black out there. Not even the terminal is lit up.
—I told you. We’re on a direct flight to Nairobi. Now relax and enjoy the spectacle that’s about to unfold.
Lights dropped from the wings and switched on to allow the jet to taxi in the pitch black night. The same lights that reflected off the glass of the old terminal illuminated a dark ramshackle building. The jet pulled even with a rough-looking hangar and braked. Lights went dark. The jet’s turbine engines hummed through the fuselage.
The front door on the jet opened. A stairway bumped against the plane’s fuselage. A man in a long overcoat entered the cabin. He walked the length of the passenger deck, dispensing the contents of two spray bombs. He did the same on his return trip down the aisle to the exit. This time, he dropped a piece of paper in Harry’s lap. He left the plane and an attendant closed and secured the door behind him.
A vehicle’s dim headlights cut a path through the dark night. It accompanied a forklift carrying a large wooden box. The huge jet shuddered as a heavy pallet slammed down into a cargo compartment. A cargo door slammed shut, and the trucks departed. The engines spooled up to taxi the plane to the end of the strip.
The plane turned to line up with the runway. Lights illuminated. Engines advanced to a loud roar. Brakes strained. On release, the plane accelerated and became airborne. Runway illumination went out the instant the wheels left the ground.
—What the hell was that all about?
—We’ll find out in NBO if we have everything we need.
—Christ, Harry, when are you going to tell me what you did over here?
Sasha had never asked questions about what he and Mike did during their overseas adventures. Harry had never once asked her about the time she and Barbara had spent on the Baja. They both sensed there was no use dredging up things that had long been behind them.
—I will when you volunteer to tell me about what you were doing down on the Baja all those years.
—Touché. You’re never going to ask, are you?
—No. And neither are you.
Sasha sighed.
—I have a feeling I won’t have to ask. I think I’m about to find out first-hand.


The captain announced their arrival in Nairobi. He taxied the passenger jet to a halt on an empty stretch of tarmac far from the NBO terminal building. The engines remained running. He switched on the PA and made a second unscheduled announcement.
—Ladies and gentlemen, we’re making a brief stop on the north end of the airport for cargo delivery. The passenger door will open momentarily to deplane two. Please remain in your seats with your seat belts fastened until we can proceed to the Nairobi terminal building.
The flight crew cabin door opened in time to greet Harry and Sasha. The gray-haired older man with four bars on his shoulders looked at Harry and then flicked his eyes over Sasha. Harry smiled.
—This is for you, Harry. I received it in-flight.
He handed Harry an envelope.
—Good luck, you two.
—Thanks, Don. We’re going to need it.
Sasha smiled warmly at the man and followed Harry down the airstair. Warm night air greeted the pair as they left the confines of the plane and stepped onto the tarmac. Harry put his arm around Sasha. He looked up the stairwell in time to see the wave before the door closed. It would be a few minutes before the plane could taxi toward NBO’s main terminal.
He eased Sasha in the direction of the forklift already hoisting the pallet out of the open cargo bay.
—Climb on and we’ll ride with the goods.
A hangar door slid open, and the forklift disappeared into the brightly lit, cavernous space. As soon as the forklift passed the door, it slid shut. The box was deposited, and the lift moved away. Harry collected a pry-bar and began lifting tops off of crates. He ran through a checklist only he knew.
—RPGs. Good. Shells. Good. Four Kalashnikovs. Mags. Grenades. Personal packs. Vests. A sat phone. A GPS each. We’re good to go.
Sasha could only look at Harry as he listed the details of his haggling to no one in particular.
—I’m afraid, Harry.
He put an arm around Sasha and hugged her.
—So am I. It’s natural. It’s also good to keep busy. Let’s get this armament loaded on our truck.
The forklift operator hoisted the crates on the back of a dilapidated two-ton. He had planned for the truck with his Africa connections. The pair climbed aboard and wrestled the boxes into position. When they finished, sweat poured down front and back.
—Merci, Jean. Thanks.
—Pas de problème. No problem, Harry. The truck doesn’t look like much, but I went over it myself. She will be bonne all the way to Mombasa, at least. I have the burner phones, too. They’re charged and ready to go. Bonne chance. Good luck.
Harry handed Sasha the envelope the pilot had passed to him earlier. She withdrew a single piece of paper.
—Phone numbers. Two of them.
He turned on his flip phone and sent a text to the first number.
—Ali will get my number from that. You should do the same.
He dialed the second number and handed back her phone and watched her type, Sasha is here too.
—Good. Now he’ll have us both.
Harry turned on his GPS, scrolled over to Mombasa and marked a dock in the port as their destination.
—Do the same for yours.
—So then it’s Mombasa to pick up a boat and head north? What about the airplane?
—About that. I was forced to change plans in England. No plane.
—You’re going to be a fish out of water.
—Pretty much. Except for the water part and the boat waiting for us in Mombasa.
—Shit, Harry. We don’t know anything about boats.
—I don’t know anything about boats. You do.
—I know just enough not to wear spike heels and when to put on a bikini, remember?
—That might just be enough. Now come on. You’re driving.
He had already made that decision. It would allow her to worry about something other than their mission. Whatever the hell it was turning out to be.
—Pick up Mombasa Road. It’s also the A109. Stay on it until we hit water 400 kilometers away. And turn off your phone. We don’t need to be pinging towers, in case anyone is looking.
Sasha followed Harry’s directions and turned left into the black night, driving on the wrong side of the road. It was the right side, as far as she was concerned.
—Eventually this four-lane will go down to two. Don’t forget you should drive on the left-hand side.
Late at night as it was, there were no headlights bearing down on them in the heavy truck.
—The left side? That doesn’t seem right, somehow.
She wrestled with the unboosted steering wheel, swerved into the ditch and onto the opposite side of the roadway.
—Are you sure?
—I’m sure. Carry on.
Harry caught the side-eye in the reflection from the dash lights. He smiled, knowing how feisty the woman beside him could be.
—By the end of the 400 kilometers to Mombasa, you’ll be accustomed to driving the wrong side. It’ll be second nature.
—If you say so.
—Just remember. The 109 dwindles to two lanes. It’s a dangerous road. We’ll be on it at night all the way to the coast. Don’t hesitate to take the ditch and head cross-country if you see the need.
—After all those miles on the Baja road to nowhere I’m not about to end it on some highway to hell in the middle of Africa. You can take that to the bank.
Harry opened Sasha’s backpack and rummaged through it. He found her passport and stuffed it down the front of her pants.
—Ow. That hurts. What the hell are you doing?
—Don’t go anywhere without it, even to the bathroom at the tail-end of this truck. Having my name on you might make all the difference.
—Yes, master. I’ll be sure to get a tattoo of your name as opportunity presents.
Harry teetered on the edge of threatening to put the woman over his knee. He immediately tossed that thought out the open window. It wouldn’t do any good, even as a joke.
—You’re not on the Baja any more. It’s not a day-long drive to get to the safety of home. You’re in unknown territory. If anything happens to me, you’ll be screwed. Probably in more ways than one. Don’t listen to me at your peril. Understood?
—Yes. I understand.
A crestfallen face regarded Harry.
—Good. Now stop looking so miserable and cheer up, partner. We’ve got a lot of miles to cover and I don’t want my driver thinking about quitting on me when she gets our sorry asses to Mombasa.
Harry grinned and watched Sasha squirm as she adjusted the passport stuck in her pants. She grimaced and gave Harry a dirty look. She was on his ground now. Grudgingly, she knew he was right.
She would do whatever she had to make sure they got home safely with the human cargo they were on the way to retrieving.
48
Present Day - Mombasa


SASHA WRESTLED with the unfamiliar vehicle’s enormous steering wheel. Minus the power steering she was accustomed to, she struggled to keep the ancient truck on the strange road in the dark. She over-corrected and it eased from side to side on the highway. She tested the brakes. They barely worked to slow the heavy, underpowered truck. She bent over the steering wheel and squinted into the darkness barely penetrated by the weak headlights.
Finally, she had enough. She wrestled the truck to the side of the road and coasted to a stop.
—Harry, this road is blacker than Toby’s rear end. I can’t see a damned thing. I think a headlight is out.
Harry sighed, got out, and walked around front. He assessed the situation before manhandling a fender and kicking it into submission. When he finished, the headlight shone onto the roadway directly in front of the old truck.
—That’s going to have to do. We’re wasting time. We need to make Mombasa by sunrise.
—Is that another one of your deadlines?
—No. A lot of the streets are unlit and too narrow for a vehicle this size. I don’t want you wedging this thing between buildings in the middle of a donkey path.
Sasha sighed and remembered to check the mirror before fighting to get the two-ton back on the highway.
—There’s something following us. Another truck, I think. I don’t know if he’s been following us for a while.
—Pull over and let him go. I’m going to get in the back.
Harry vacated the cabin and climbed into the canvas-covered bed of the truck. He opened the bag with the AKs and took out two. He checked the actions. In the darkness, he felt around for the mags and picked up two.
He loaded the magazines and passed an AK through the driver’s window. It bumped Sasha’s shoulder hard. The truck swerved and straightened. She yelled into the back.
—Are you trying to knock me out?
Her voice was lost in the diesel truck’s overworked engine.
—No bananas for you, dearie.
He chuckled to himself as he remembered explaining what they were such a long time ago.
—You’ll have to do with a single. I’ll be back here for the duration.
In the black he searched for and found a couple of grenades. He stuffed them into his vest pockets. He loaded more mags and sat them by his foot. Just in case, he told himself. He settled in and fell asleep in the wake of diesel fumes, serenaded by the whining engine on the bumpy road.
Sasha brought the lurching truck to a sudden halt in the middle of the dark road. She killed the lights. Harry’s head bumped against his knees. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes, stuck his head out from beneath the canvas, and leaned into the window.
—Why are you stopping?
—There’s a vehicle across the road in front of us.
Sasha inserted Harry’s magazine into the AK. She adjusted the muzzle across her lap and pointed it towards the door. She made sure to push the safety full down before she racked.
—Go slow. I’ll stay out of sight back here.
The headlights barely reached two men crouched by the orange glow of a fire on the side of the road. They left its warm comfort and cautiously approached the two-ton. AKs hung carelessly off their shoulders. They were evidently unprepared for an argument.
The fast-talking men addressed her in Swahili. Uncomprehending, Sasha called out.
—English. Speak English.
Startled, the men stepped back.
—What are you doing all alone in the dark, white woman?
Harry poked his head out from behind the boxes. The AK registered immediately with the men. He stood and covered them off with the muzzle of his own aimed at them.
—Kiasi gani kupita? How much?
—Nothing for you, bwana. Pass by.
The men stepped aside and waved the truck through. Sasha shifted into first gear and the truck groaned into the ditch and past the makeshift checkpoint. Harry followed the two men with his eyes until they were out of sight in the dark.
—You handled that like a pro. You’re hired, girl.
—Hired or not, you’re stuck with me. According to you, the odometer says there’s another eighty klicks to Mombasa. Go back to sleep.
—One more thing before I do, sweetie.
Sasha concentrated on keeping the truck on the road in the pitch black. Busy and annoyed, she tried to wait him out and failed.
—Well, what is it this time?
—You can turn your lights on.
Harry returned to his nest in the back of the truck. The sound of gunfire only minutes later brought him back.
—What we passed was probably a sentry for the main checkpoint up ahead. Be prepared to motor through whatever is in front of us. I’ll do the talking.
Sasha doused the lights. Not wanting to leave anything to chance, she steered the truck off the road into the shallow ditch. Headlights and a fire pit winked in the distance. In the back of the truck, Harry loosened his belt. He tucked two RPG rounds into it before arming himself with the RPG he had hastily loaded.
—Get back on the road. Leave the lights off. Go slow and keep your head down. I’ll be staying back here.
—We need another driver. 
—You’re doing a good job, dear.
—You’re only saying that because you don’t have anyone else to do the job.
—No. I’m saying it because you’re doing just fine and I love you. And because there’s no one else that needs a compliment right now.
In the dark, Sasha checked the safety on her AK. It was still off.
—I don’t like being all alone up front.
—Get used to it. We’re almost in Mombasa. There can’t be much more of this.
—You forgot to add, Unless someone is tracking us.
—Yes. Well. There’s always that.
Rounds twanged through the rusted cab. Sasha ducked and kept on towards the fire. Harry launched an RPG round in the blockade's direction. He sent his reload towards the fire pit. The twin explosions quieted the gunfire. Only the orange glow of the fire remained.
For spite, he unloaded another round, but there was nothing left to hit. He tightened his belt and climbed into the cab.
—Keep driving. Don’t stop for anything until we’re in the city.
Sasha walked the truck through the smoke past Harry’s RPG carnage. She sniffed the air, and unseen in the darkness, made a face.
—What’s that sweet smell?
Harry hesitated before answering.
—Burning flesh.
Sasha shuddered, and Harry left her to process what he said. She didn’t say anything for a long time.
—I don’t want to smell that ever again.
—Fair warning. You’ll never forget the smell as long as you live.
She shuddered again. This time she stayed silent.


Sasha bumped the truck through a ditch, realized what she had done, and angled along the shallow depression onto the 109.
—I can’t see a damned thing with the sun in my eyes.
—Then slow down. Mombasa is right in front of you.
The brakes on the rusty two-ton screeched as she brought it to a halt and climbed out.
—If you can do it better, have at it.
—Are we only bickering, or are we about to have our first fight on this trek?
—I’m tired. I’m a nervous wreck. You’re going to drive this tank to wherever the hell you want to park it.
—Well, why didn’t you say so?
—Don’t bug me. I just did. I’m going to try to get some sleep. See if you can wrangle this thing through the streets without bumping and grinding, okay?
It pleased Harry to see Sasha upset with him. She was coming along nicely. In fact, she passed the test.
—Si, madame. You did a great job driving through those checkpoints. I didn’t expect you’d keep going, but you did. I’m happy to know I can depend on you.
Harry hugged Sasha and kissed her on the mouth like there was no tomorrow. If they weren’t in the middle of a highway— 
He slapped her rear and stepped back to observe as she climbed into the passenger seat in her tight fatigues. When had she changed into them? Damn, but she was hot.
—Harry.
—Yes dear?
—Did you forget it’s your turn to drive? Stop staring at my ass and get in.
Harry entered the outskirts of Mombasa and eased the truck along a narrow street towards the Indian Ocean and the sun rising over the horizon. He halted about a hundred meters from shore. No dock. He stopped and rummaged through his backpack for a GPS. He came up with a dated paper map. He left Sasha, curled up and sleeping on the seat beside him.
He walked the narrow streets, searching for where he thought the dock should be, trying to find a way through the congestion for the big truck. By the time he returned, Sasha wasn’t curled up on the seat any longer.
Damn it, where did that woman get to this time? He yelled her name. There was no response. He turned toward a whistle and she appeared, bags in hand and sporting a different top.
—This time I wanted to actually go shopping. I was getting smelly in those old clothes and thought I’d try to track down something lighter.
—You know how to worry me half to death, don’t you? If anyone had been curious about what’s on board the truck, we’d be begging in the street to replace it.
—No, we wouldn’t.
She pulled up her shirt and the butt of a handgun peeked out of the top of her jeans.
—Besides, the shop is just there.
She tilted her head.
—I picked up warm fresh bread and cheese and cold water. What more could a woman want going on an Indian Ocean cruise with the man she loves?
Harry grinned. It was all he could do. Damned if she hadn’t gotten the better of him yet again.
—In that case, let’s eat. The boat can wait. It won’t be going anywhere without us.
They wolfed down breakfast, hardly tasting it in their haste to find their way to the wharf. In the mirror, Harry kept his eye on a man leaning against a building. It wasn’t unusual. The man shuffled his feet from time-to-time, looked nervous, walked back and forth, but never looked in the truck's direction. That wasn’t usual.
—We’re being watched.
—By that man in the blue shirt?
—Christ, Sasha, how long has he been there?
—I noticed him when I came out of the shop.
—And you said nothing because— 
—Because we’d have missed breakfast. And I was right, too. He hasn’t done anything except stand around and look innocent.
Harry climbed in and weaved the noisy two-ton through the narrow streets in the wharf's direction. Unseen, the watcher took out a phone and began talking.


The explosion rumbled off walls. A cloud of black smoke rose over the harbor and hovered over buildings in the way of a clear sight.
—Harry?
—Yeah. That’s not good.
He steered the two-ton into a roundabout towards the rising column of smoke. By the time he made it to a clear view of the docks, it became plain where the smoke was coming from.
The boat was attached to the dock by its mooring lines. It wouldn’t be going anywhere laying on its side. Smoke poured from whatever openings weren’t submerged. There would be no boat in their future. He backed the truck up and turned around.
—Now what?
—So much for the crew of mercs I hired. Now it’ll be our famous Plan B.
—You have another plan?
—You betcha, baby. It’s Plan B, or the Be adaptable plan. It’s the airport or nothing. We’ll pick up a plane.
—A plane? How do you know there’s something there that will do the job?
—I don’t. We’ll stake it out until we have a likely prospect.
—In that case, we’d better lose whoever is following us.
Harry backed the two-ton around for the second time and pointed it north along the coast.
—Are you drunk? We passed the airport on the way into town.
So she was paying attention after all.
—We’re not going to the city airport. We’re making for Bamburi. It’s a no-service strip, exactly what we’re looking for. Survey pilots prefer it because it’s close to the kinds of resorts they like to stay in when they’re on someone else’s dime.
—So there could be a plane there? How do you know it’ll be the right kind?
—We’re looking for a Twin Otter or a Porter. If we’re lucky, it’ll be a Twin with tundra tires. We’ll need something like that to haul what we’ve got in the back of our truck.
He’d have to make a move to lose their tail before he took the turn for the road to Bamburi. He halted the truck on a corner and manhandled it into position, blocking the road. The ancient Willys following them couldn’t brake in time. It rammed into the rear of the heavy truck. The driver flew into the street. Harry picked him up and pushed him into the cab with Sasha.
—Wrap some of that tape around his arms and legs. That ought to be the end of whoever is following us for now.
—We can’t take him with us. Can we?
—We’ll dump him in the bush on our way to the airport. In the meantime, if you pass a sign announcing the road to Butterfly Park, you’ve gone too far.
—While I’m doing the driving, what the hell are you going to be doing?
Harry climbed into the back of the truck and began loading mags for the AKs.
—You’ll get spare mags when I’m done. It’ll give you something else to tape if you remember how. Now don’t bug me. I’m busy.
49
Present Day - Bamburi to Galkayo


SASHA EASED THE TWO-TON over a slight rise and braked to a crawl. The end of the landing strip came into view through the front window. Sasha eased the two-ton over the rise and stopped.
—Harry. We’re here.
—Drive onto the asphalt and follow it until you see a building on the right. That’ll be the old hangar.
She did as she was told. She cleared the bushes and recognized the familiar shape of a Twin Otter parked in front of a dilapidated hangar.
—Harry.
—Woman, what is it now?
—That Twin Otter looks familiar.
The paint scheme was definitely familiar. Harry put down the AK and stood up. He ducked quickly, avoiding the wing as Sasha ground to a halt beneath it.
—It’s one of Mike’s. We just hit the jackpot.
—Keep an eye out for the crew. If they show up, we’re done. I’ll never be able to talk them into giving us the plane.
—We could just take it from them.
She racked the AK.
—We could. But I’d rather not. No sense in annoying Mike any more than I have to. Let’s get a move on.
They didn’t waste time talking. It was go time. If the survey crew showed up, he’d be forced to chase them off. He hoped he didn’t know any of them personally. It would make it hard to explain to Mike. If Mike caught wind. But would he?
—Back us up to the cargo door and we’ll unload. If we can’t lift it, it stays behind, minus the weapons. I’m going up front to check fuel.
—Who was your last slave?
Harry ignored her and climbed on board the Twin. He made his way to the cockpit and flipped the battery switch. The gauge indicated low fuel. He switched off and went aft to help his wife.
—Come on, woman, lift that barge. Tote that bale. We have to get out of here in case anyone I know shows up. They’re liable to talk me out of this exercise. Worse, they’ll let Mike know I tried to steal his airplane.
Harry ran to the electric pump and turned it on. He tested the nozzle and the smell of turbo fuel assaulted his nose. He wrestled the hose to the Twin and started the refueling.
—How’s the loading going?
—If you wanted a slave— 
—I love you too, dear. Now hop to it or we’ll never get back home.
Harry topped off the belly tank and dropped the nozzle. He made his way to the cockpit and settled into the left seat to start number one. Sasha shut down the generator and moved the truck out of the way. She pulled the wheel chocks, threw them into the back, and walked to the front to give Harry a thumbs up. He muttered to himself.
—That’s my girl. She’s worth every nickel I spent hauling her rear end out of trouble around the world.
A van appeared on the strip with horn blaring, unheard by the occupants of Mike’s twin with its turbine engine whine. Men jumped out and ran towards the plane. It was too late. Sasha leaned out the cargo door, grabbed the latch, and moved to pull it shut. One man snapped a picture.
Harry continued taxiing over the rough ground on one engine. He pointed the nose towards the downwind edge of the strip. By the time Sasha got the cargo door secured and locked, Harry had number two started and he was turning into wind with throttles set for takeoff.
Sasha struggled to climb over the cargo on her way to the cockpit. She settled into number two’s seat and fastened the seat belt. The Twin Otter accelerated down the bumpy strip.
Harry pointed to a lever above the control panel on the Twin.
—See that control? Crank it until the indicator lines up with 30.
Harry followed her hand with his eyes as Sasha did as she was told. The heavily laden Twin Otter floated gently off the runway and became airborne.
—You’re starting to listen. I’m proud of you, dear.
—Don’t let it go to your head.


The men on the ground looked at one another.
—Did you see what I just saw?
Mike, their boss, wasn’t going to be happy when he heard what they had to say. The captain took out a phone and called to report the theft. At the end of the conversation, he mentioned that the woman looked like Harry’s wife. The man on the other end wasn’t convinced.
—We’re sure. We both saw her. I’ll send you a picture.
—What direction did the plane go?
—It stayed low enough to wash the wheels. It was headed north, up the coast.
Mike hung up and called Barbara. If anyone knew what the hell was going on with Sasha, it would be her best friend.
—Has Sasha left Harry?
Barbara’s nervous laugh carried over the phone.
—Not that I know, but I haven’t talked to her for a couple of days. Why do you ask?
—You can do better than that. What the hell is going on with Harry and Sasha? He’s been gone for two days, and now I’ve got a survey plane missing in Kenya. By the sound of it, Sasha is involved.
—That’s impossible.
The woman’s voice became even more high-pitched.
—She doesn’t know how to fly.
She was pretty sure, at least.
—Whoever was doing the flying taxied on one engine and started number two while lining up for takeoff. Does that remind you of anyone?


The fuel stops needed for the overloaded Twin Otter took up most of the day. At each one, they shared the routine. Harry went in search of the fuel truck and an operator, if there was one. Sasha stood guard with the AK slung over her shoulder.
When there was no one to do the fueling, Harry drove the truck. When he finished, he put it back where he found it. He left a substantial amount of cash on the seat. Whoever found it would be richer than they would ever be again. He didn't want to leave an unpleasant taste in anyone’s mouth.
It wasn’t only that, though. In the event he had to come back through, retracing his steps, he didn’t want to end up in jail for theft. So far, through it all, no one showed up to challenge them or attempt to acquire the plane and its cargo.
The pair arrived at their last fuel stop exhausted, sweaty, and worn out. There was a sense of relief. As with the others, Sasha took no chances on deplaning until she knew what was waiting for them. She picked up her AK, slammed a mag home, racked, and checked out the windows on both sides before opening the cargo door.
She felt equipped for any eventuality, and comfortable on the warm tarmac. She found the breeze refreshing as it blew her long hair. She turned to face the wind and shook her head to shift it away from her face.
Harry had radioed ahead for fuel. It had gone so well up to now. She was complacent when she heard the fuel truck’s engine start. The bowser approached, and she followed it with an easy laziness, the rifle hanging off her shoulder. If someone planned on anything more than giving up a little fuel, she was prepared. Refueling went quickly after the men figured out who was supervising and who was working.
Harry stuck his head out of the cargo door.
—How’s the refuel coming along?
—It’s almost done. Thankfully, those two don’t work for me or I’d have fired them by now.
—Don’t sweat it. It’s Africa time. You’ll get used to it once you’re over here long enough.
—Did you get the cargo secured?
—I did. We should be good for 500 feet now, no problem. I’d take on less fuel, but I don’t know the availability from here on. We’re going to be crossing some ground that I’m not familiar with.
—It took all day to get this far.
—That’s all right.
She looked up and him, and he grinned at her.
—Africa time, remember?
Harry remained crouched in the cargo door, taking in the picture presented by his ex-wife. He was happy to be checking her out after all these years. The wind caught her hair, causing it to shimmer in the late afternoon light. She had kept it long and dark, the way she had it when they first crossed paths on Mexico’s Baja.
Perhaps there were a few silver strands now, but she was still the same beautiful woman. Even better looking, as far as he was concerned. A little older. So was he. She had learned to be more patient, too. Damn, but he was falling in love all over again. He reached down and offered his hand to help her into the plane.
—What are you grinning at? Suddenly I have the feeling that I’m being checked out by a pervert.
—You might be right, but we don’t have time if we want to make Galkayo before dark. We have to get going.
Harry ran through the pre-start checklist. Sasha closed the cargo door and settled into the right seat. He started number one and advanced its throttle to begin taxiing while he fired up number two. He carried on to the end of the strip, stepped on a brake, and the Otter shifted and straightened into position to initiate a rolling takeoff.
—Flaps ten.
Sasha reached to dial it in and repeated the call when she had it. Harry followed her movement with his eyes to confirm. Neither were in a position to witness the technical chasing after them on the takeoff roll. The overloaded Twin Otter lurched into the air. Harry kept it as low as he dared until he disappeared over a dune.
They were airborne for their final destination.


It was almost dark by the time Harry had the Twin lined up off to the side of the Galkayo strip. The long shadow of setting sun and approaching dusk chased them off their starboard side.
—Why are you lined up for the dirt? The strip looks paved.
—We’re wearing tundra tires. I don’t want to risk damaging them on shitty broken asphalt.
She saw what he meant when the plane touched down. Potholes and chunks of asphalt were everywhere.
Harry taxied onto the dirt tarmac and shut down in a cloud of dust. A parade of technicals and SUVs surrounded the plane and waited. He didn’t recognize Ali in the crowd of men and technicals. He was too exhausted to question the man who had met them. Sasha opened the cargo door and Harry preceded her to the ground. She kept the AK at the ready.
—Greetings. You have made it safely. I am Waheed, son of Ali. He sends his greetings to you both.
—Nothing the two of us couldn’t handle. Where is Ali?
—My father is not able to meet with you at this time. He is ill. When he recovers, I will take you to him.
Sasha came up behind Harry and leaned into him.
—Do you see her?
Waheed insisted on unloading the arms. He directed a truck to the cargo door.
—I have a place for you to stay in town. You will be safe there. My men will guard you.
He made no further mention of his father. Sasha was unconvinced the offer was genuine.
—It sounds more like we’re being kept under guard.
Waheed regarded the woman through narrowed eyes. He wasn’t accustomed to being questioned, especially by a woman. A white woman, at that.
—Perhaps. But you have no alternative. Come. Let us go.
Waheed escorted them to a truck.
—I don’t like this, Harry.
—Neither do I, but we’re here now. And no, I don’t see her. I wouldn’t expect to until tomorrow, maybe.
He still expected that Ali would come to meet with him. After all, the whole reason for this little get-together was because the old man had requested it. It was unlike him to not to greet his familiar visitors.
Waheed’s convoy trailed through the city. He stopped at a primitive hotel. The pair were relieved of their weapons, searched and escorted to their room.
—I’m still not liking this. What do you suppose has become of Ali?
—If what Waheed says is true, he’s probably too weak to show up tonight. He’s not a young man any more. I’m hoping we’ll get to see him tomorrow. By the look of it, Waheed is in charge. I wonder how that’s working out.
—We need to get that woman and get the hell out of here as soon as we can.
Harry hesitated before replying. What were the chances that both Eloria and Irit could be alive? He didn't know, but whoever they’d left behind would be coming out with him.
—There might be two women, remember?


Large, heavy trucks bouncing and groaning over the dirt road in front of the hotel woke Harry in the primitive room. The dust they whipped up drifted into the rooms through missing doors and windows, long considered unnecessary in the desert climate.
He figured the non-stop action had to be caused by oil-company big-rigs on the move with trailers loaded with drilling equipment. They’d be heading for a place to settle and bore the next dry well.
It appeared as though the locals were still being sold the bill of goods that there was oil underground. From what he had gleaned so far, Waheed was convinced. He was able to convince his followers into believing it, too.
It was all pie-in-the sky, but no one could convince the locals of that. Oil companies threw around plenty of cash. It was almost as though they were seeding with it. Money always bought more arms than happiness. He wondered which of the oil companies were responsible for this latest madness, until he recognized the logo.
CAN-AL.
Obviously, CAN-AL was key to the madness that had taken over. CAN-AL had to be the one that had convinced Waheed to buy into the prospects of oil in the region. Lots of cash handed to the right people probably hadn’t hurt. Payoffs were common in the oil business. In fact, it was standard operating practice. Hell, he’d done his fair share over the years, too.
Harry stopped caring about it when he realized Sasha hadn’t returned to the room. Surely she hadn’t wandered off again. He went to the door and checked the hallway. The chair was empty. The guard was gone.
He walked to the end of the building and came across a second guard.
—Go back to your room.
Harry did as he was told. He waited a few minutes before climbing out the window to disappear down an alley towards what he hoped would be the local market. It occurred to him that Sasha might have gone on another one of her shopping expeditions.
It was that, or she had been taken to Waheed’s compound in town. Failing that, perhaps a compound outside of the city. He’d have to find her on his own. Damn but he’d be chasing her shadow again. That woman would be the death of him. The more things changed, the more they stayed the same.
A little girl wearing a garland of bougainvillea around her neck peered past a doorway and motioned.
—Mr. Harry. Come. Come.
The girl spoke in heavily accented English, barely understandable. He approached and she retreated into the alley’s shadows.
—You are Mr. Harry.
—Yes.
—I am sent to bring you. You must come. There is someone who wants to see you.
Harry had trouble understanding the girl. She spoke with an accent he had never heard. He hoped the girl would lead him to his ex, shopping spree or not. That, or he was being taken to a mugging.
He approached, and the waif grabbed his sleeve. She tugged him on a journey through the narrow streets and back alleys. They blurred into one as though she was leading him in circles. When someone approached that the girl was unsure of, she pulled him out of sight into the shadows.
—Are you taking me to Sasha?
—Sasha? Who is Sasha?
—Sasha is my wife.
—I know nothing of her. I cannot say where is your wife. What has become of her was not our doing. Come. We are almost at the place.
Place? What place, he wondered. The girl continued to lead him until she came to a walled compound. She released his hand and opened the gate. She pushed him through the opening and slid the bar into place, locking them in. She grabbed his hand once more and led him across a small courtyard into a darkened room.
A light came on. The room’s sole occupant stood up in the dim light. A hand pulled at a scarf, revealing her face. Harry’s jaw dropped. He couldn’t believe his eyes.
50
Out of the Past - Eloria

ELORIA MADE FOR the comm ten She raised the flap and rushed into the empty tent. She cursed at the stupidity of the men in camp. During an ongoing operation, the radio was to be manned until the plane returned. A hum accompanied by a steady crackle filled the tent. A voice filtered through the background signal. She found it difficult to make out the transmission. Explosions overpowered the voice. She cranked up the volume and bent an ear to the speaker.
—... under attack ... pinned down ... aircraft destroyed ... pilot—
The staccato of automatic fire and booming grenades left no doubt about the trouble the team had encountered. There was no time for hesitation. She ran out of the tent and slapped Irit on the shoulder.
—Come on. We need to get ready.
Eloria ran to Mike’s tent and shook him awake.
—You have to get up. Now.
Mike groaned and rolled over. His shirt was covered with sweat in the warm tent.
—What the hell is going on? Is he back already?
He sat up, groggy with sleep, and looked at the woman.
—A call for support is coming from the airstrip Harry is working. There is so much gunfire in the background I could barely make out what they were saying.
Mike scrambled out of his cot and pulled his pants on. He flipped his boots upside-down and knocked them together. Eloria allowed him time to splash water on his face before physically dragging him to the comm tent.
The status updates came in spaced five to ten minutes apart. Waiting for the next only increased the unbearable tension. With every transmission, the situation sounded worse. Gunfire and explosions continued to be broadcast along with the sitreps. The mercs were holding their own, but they were pinned down and taking heavy fire.
Irit and Eloria disappeared and returned with packs and supplies to get them to the site. Eloria called out to the mercs still in camp. No one responded. She aimed her Galil high and fired a burst into the air. It too was ignored. Not one merc volunteered to accompany them on the mission to extract.
It would be up to the three of them or no one.
—What’s in your pack, Meeka?
He opened it to show her the rations and AK magazines.
—Throw in some smoke, too. And grenades. Do you have a radio?
He shook his head.
—No.
—That’s all right. We have two.
Mike had enough of the broadcasts coming from the endangered men. They were difficult to understand and only kept him on edge with concern for Harry. He turned down the radio until it was a hum in the background. He went through the documents in the tent and found a chart of the area. He used his compass to take a bearing to the strip. Using a pencil, he drew a line and slipped the photos and the map into his pack.
He joined the women in the silent camp. It appeared empty. There were no volunteers from the mercs remaining behind.
The women turned their backs on the camp and followed Mike into the brush as he headed off on the compass bearing. Eloria brought up the rear. Irit was off to the side, a close third. The ground cover was sparse and uneven. It made for easy walking. They made good time.
As they drew closer, the gunfire became more intense. Eventually, it grew sporadic. Eloria was worried about the condition of the team. She halted Mike and ordered him to get behind.
—You do not walk past us. Remain between if you must. Do what we tell you to do. Do not ask questions.
Mike gave a silent nod of agreement. Eloria concentrated on the situation at hand. Judging by the sporadic gunfire, both sides had settled in, secure in their positions. It was that, or it was game over and the attackers were mopping up. She didn’t let on to Mike.
Eloria called to him to stop at the edge of a thicket. She made him sit and take cover behind a dead tree trunk. Using hand signals, she motioned for him to stay put. She walked with Irit to flank two thickets separated by forty or fifty feet. They disappeared into the brush. The pair reappeared in minutes brandishing bloody knives.
Eloria regarded a slack-jawed Mike. His demeanor was different, too. He was finally waking up to the fact that the women he and Harry had spent the night with were capable of more than drinking and screwing around. It pleased her to know that he knew it.
—Follow me, Meeka. Remember. Do what I tell you.
He nodded curtly and fell in behind the pair once again. Eloria was secretly pleased that he obeyed her orders without question. Maybe he wasn’t such a softie after all. She glimpsed Irit off to her left. The woman crouched low and gestured towards another thicket surrounding a much bigger tree.
—Irit is saying the rest of them are where she is pointing. When I signal, pull the pin and throw.
A sheen of sweat covered Mike’s face. He reached into his pack with a sweaty hand. White-fingered, pulled a grenade out. He had no time to think about what he was doing. Eloria called out.
—Now. Throw it now.
Mike hesitated for only an instant before pulling the pin and tossing the grenade. It fell short, thumped the ground, and bounced into the thicket. Five men scrambled out just before the grenade exploded. One by one, the girls picked them off before they could run and disappear.
Eloria headed in the thicket's direction. She gave it a visual and then finished off the men, one at a time, using her shotgun. She paused to reload twice. Irit backed her up with her pistol.
Mike moved to follow the pair into the brush of the thicket.
—Do not go there. Keep away. You do not want to see it.
Mike did as he was told. She nodded. He would make it.
Irit whistled, and the three joined up. Someone whistled back from where they suspected the downed crew was located. They walked towards the sound. The job was finished.
—It is safe now, Meeka. We are here.
Eloria had difficulty pronouncing Mike’s name. She had called him Meeka from the very beginning.


Irit fussed over a reluctant Harry, talking to herself the entire time. His feeble attempts to convince her that his shoulder wound was no big deal fell on deaf ears.
—Be quiet, Harry.
She partially unwound the bandage to expose the wound. She poked and prodded and tried not to hurt him too much. She made sure he knew she was in first aid mode, and he was going to take her medicine or else. She finished stripping away the merc’s dressings, exposing his wounds.
—You’re going to live. The bullet went straight through. No bones broken. No major blood vessels damaged.
She re-bandaged him and rigged a sling. While she was at it, she cleaned his bloody head wound and bandaged that, too.
—You have a concussion. There’s nothing I can do about that.
It worried her, but time would take care of it if it wasn’t serious.
While Irit had busied herself with a wounded Harry, Eloria regarded Mike. It became obvious that he knew he would have been helpless in the firefight and subsequent mop-up. That he took the time to express his gratitude to her for coming along to do the dirty work was a plus.
He was humble. Eloria liked that. He was all business, too. He wasn’t about wasting time. It was evident when he pulled the map sheet from his pack and began looking for an escape route.
What she hadn’t been prepared for was the reluctance of the rescued mercs to acknowledge that they had been freed by two women. Like she and her sister, the mercs were supposed to be professionals. They refused to contribute anything, and after a brief discussion, one cowed son of a bitch approached and as much as said so.
Mike hadn’t been happy with that, either. He called them cowards and demanded they leave some ammo before they departed. The only thing left to do was to laugh at their antics. Although, their routine with the fingers and Harry’s response turned out to be pretty accurate, even if no one knew it at the time.
At first, there was some confusion about whether the foursome should return to base camp. Harry was adamant that they make for friendlier ground, even though his condition was worsening. His words were slurring and his movements were shaky.
The decision was made for them when Mike pulled out the charts. There would be no retracing their steps. He pointed at a clearing on one of the photos. Harry came around long enough to volunteer that it was a mine. It didn’t look to be far away. If it was active, it would provide them with a vehicle to make good on their trek to civilization.
—We’re going to need some traveling money. Maybe the mine will have a safe.
—Is Harry going to be able to keep up?
Mike didn’t hesitate.
—If he can’t, I’ll be staying with him until he can.
That sealed it for Eloria. She realized Mike would be a keeper—if only they didn’t get stuck in this mess.
She joked with Irit, but they let the guys know that they’d be marching right along with them. Whether Harry could keep up wouldn’t be an issue. They’d live or die together.
Mike’s response came quick.
—About that dying part?
The women looked at him before he went on.
—Damn but I hope not.


They headed off, and Eloria took point after making certain to check on directions with Mike. Irit brought up the rear. Between the two, Mike helped Harry limp along by his side. From time to time, they stopped to allow the wounded man to rest. Mike used the opportunity to check the map and photos and their course. They made good time through the light ground cover, even with the disabled Harry.
Late in the afternoon, they came up on a pool of water. It looked to be deep enough for a swim. Without consulting Harry, the trio quickly agreed to end the trek for the day. To go further would jeopardize their safety, especially if a shortage of water became an issue. Sunset would come soon, too. If they proceeded, it would leave them in the dark in inhospitable ground.
Eloria led them to high ground overlooking the water. She consulted with Irit, and the pair agreed. It afforded them a vantage point over any big animals wanting to drink.
—It’s an excellent water source. We will stop here. If nothing comes along to eat us, we will be in good shape for tomorrow.
Mike agreed. He made a joke and suggested that the women prepare something to eat while he lounged by the pool. Eloria’s eyes flashed, and she gave him a dirty look.
—I’ll be taking a swim. You can join me or you can do what you want.
He wasn’t so sure about that, and she sensed his reluctance.
—Don’t be shy, Meeka. I will stand guard while you undress. If nothing comes along to eat you, then I’ll take my turn in the water.
It worked, and they spent the early darkness making love in the full-moon shadow of the bushes surrounding the shoreline.
No thirsty animals showed up to interrupt the celebration.


The trio spent the cool night huddled together to share body heat. Come morning, they struggled to untangle. Eloria suspected Harry would be worse off with his shoulder and arm stiff from no activity. They had neglected to wake him regularly, and she was concerned.
Following a brief wound inspection, Harry appeared ready to march. It would be slow going, but they’d get him to the mine. They started slowly to allow the kinks out of Harry’s body. It helped get them warmed up in the early light of dawn. By mid day, the sun and the heat of the day took over. Wet clothes were stuck to overheated bodies. Perspiration ran down faces. Flies got swatted away, only to return instantly, drawn by the heat and the moisture.
Mid-afternoon saw them on the edge of a low escarpment overlooking their destination. It had been bulldozed to protect the mine. Eloria went on ahead to allow Harry to rest. She was concerned about him. He was becoming weaker by the hour.
She scouted the way down the hill, marking her trail as best she could. Harry would have a tough time with it, but with effort and their help, he would make it.
At the bottom, she trained her scope on the open pit and its surroundings. She was looking to count people and armed guards involved in the operation. Satisfied, she turned the scope towards the blockhouse guarding the only access road.
She returned the scope to her pack, shouldered it, and made her way up the rough trail, returning to the group the same way she had descended. Irit left Harry and greeted her at the top.
—How many?
—Two guards at the blockhouse. A swing gate blocks access into the mine. I didn’t see any fencing. No perimeter.
—Any vehicles we can use?
—Mostly heavy trucks. They look to be junk. There’s a Rover.
Mike kept quiet until the mention of the Rover.
—A Land Rover is good. We can trade it for traveling money when we get to civilization.
The women ignored him.
—There could be a safe in the blockhouse. That would make it easier.
—If they’re stupid enough to keep anything there, it would.
—You’re right. They’d want to get their profits off the property as soon as possible.
Irit regarded Mike. She liked Eloria’s lover. Both men had treated them well in the short time they had known them.
—We will chance it, in the case there is something of value.
Irit’s plan was simple. She would be the one to move towards the blockhouse and secure it. If needed, Eloria would provide covering fire to enable Mike to make his way to the vehicle. He would get it started while the two women kept watch for anyone that might come up on them.
With the plan settled, Irit made her way to the blockhouse, one slow step at a time, cautious that she might be heard. The guards kept up their card game, oblivious, talking and laughing. 
She poked her Galil and her head past the door. She knocked the muzzle against the frame, interrupting the card game. She motioned with the muzzle, and the guards exited the blockhouse. She subdued them with tape around hands and ankles.
The safe was old and dust-covered. She taped a grenade to the face, pulled the pin, and ran outside. The dust settled, and she returned. She slipped a finger into the opening left by the missing dial and twisted, working the tumblers. Following a couple of tries, she was able to twist the handle and pull the door open.
Eloria and Mike arrived with the open-top Land Rover. Irit moved Harry from the shade to the side of the road and helped him into the back.
—What news?
—There was nothing. A few shillings on the guards.
She waved the paper. It was worthless.
—They need it worse that we do.
She tossed it out the window.
—We are wasting time. We must go.


Up front in the Rover, Mike drove. Eloria rode shotgun. Irit sat in the back with the wounded Harry. She ignored the now constant groaning as best she could. Her eyes kept busy roaming the surroundings in their wake for anyone who might chase after them.
So far, it looked like they would be home-free.
It was tough going on the rough and tumble access road. The Rover jostled and bounced its way towards the main highway. Harry moaned and groaned with every bump. At the junction, Mike pointed the Rover north to the border with Kenya.
On the smooth highway, it became easy for Irit to keep Harry settled in the back. Even so, she worried about his condition. He had stopped waking up.
The Rover passed beneath a tree. The RPG round whooshed out of nowhere and exploded as it contacted the tree. Branches scattered and crashed into the Rover. Eloria looked into the back to check on Irit and Harry. She screamed.
A branch stuck out of Irit’s chest.
—Irit. Irit.
There was no answer from the woman. She crawled over the seat into the back. Immediately she tried to resuscitate Irit. It was no use. Her sister had no pulse. The branch had impaled her just beneath her heart.
She stayed in the back of the Rover and took up a position facing backwards. Silently, she hoped, she prayed, that whatever, whoever, was behind them would show themselves. In minutes that seemed like hours, a Jeep rounded a corner. It was gaining.
She pressed her forearms against the Galils in her lap to hold them secure in the bouncing Rover. She wrestled with the pin on a grenade and tossed it. It exploded ahead of the pursuing Jeep. She popped smoke and leaned into the front, where she poked Mike with the butt of her shotgun. She yelled over the screaming engine.
—It’s loaded. Take it.
She popped a second smoke and jumped out of the moving Rover. She hit the ground and rolled into a kneeling position. She stayed down, shouldered her Galil, and began measured fire in the direction of the pursuing Jeep. It came at her, bearing down fast. She jumped out of the way and tossed a grenade. It rattled as it landed in the Jeep. Twenty feet later, it exploded.
Eloria had no time to finish off the occupants. Instead, she popped two smokes in succession. Her concern was for another that might be coming up behind. She was proved right and she was forced to jump out of the way to avoid the second Jeep.
By the time she oriented herself in the cloud of smoke, her only line of sight was toward the disappearing Rover. She chose not to risk hitting Mike and Harry with her fire. Instead, she began jogging along the road towards the border.
She knew she would make it.
It would be that, or she would be the one to die trying.


Eloria heard yet another Jeep speeding towards her through the smoke. She looked over her shoulder. It came straight at her and it didn’t slow. She was out of ammunition. She had already given her shotgun over to Mike. All she could do was run. She veered off the road and stumbled across a shallow ditch. She made flat, rough ground and headed cross-country.
They overtook her fast in the open grassland. The Jeep circled wide and pulled around in front of her. Exhausted, she doubled over to catch her breath. She struggled against the Jeep’s occupants, but there were too many. They knocked her unconscious.
She came to. Hands roamed her body, searching for weapons. Not satisfied with that, the men began beating her. She parried the blows as best she could, but there were too many captors with too many boots kicking at her. Rifle butts landed blow after blow. Defeated, she collapsed, unconscious in the tall grass.
Eloria regained consciousness in the back of the Jeep. Blindfolded and trussed up like an animal about to be hauled to the slaughter, she continued her struggles. She felt every bump the Jeep took as it bounced over what had to be a dirt trail. Beyond knowing that they were off the main road, she had no idea where she was or where she would end up.
She passed out again.
When she came to, the Jeep had halted. Still bound and blindfolded, she wiggled toes and fingers and tried moving limbs to assess the state of her injuries. Everything worked. She was incredibly sore. Though blindfolded, she knew she would be bloody from the beating she had taken. She considered herself lucky to be alive.
With the damage assessment over, it became time to figure out what she could do to escape her captors. Blindfolded and tied up, that would be impossible for the present.
Eloria concentrated on making herself aware of her surroundings. Muffled voices, birds, animal sounds. Shuffling. Snuffling. Roaring.
Hard as it was to believe, she decided she had to be in someone’s private game preserve. Possibly the animal compound, judging by the sounds assaulting her from all directions. What was going on? Who wanted her here, and why?
Above all, why hadn’t she been killed and left for animal feed?
51
Present Day - Northern Somalia


IT TOOK A MINUTE for Harry’s eyes to adjust in the dimly lit room. A face seen in many of his nightmares presented itself. He reached for the scarf and eased it aside. The woman took his hand and cradled it in both of hers. Warm breath and soft lips brushed his fingers. The little girl that brought him here peeked out from behind the woman.
—Eloria? It is you.
He removed his hand from the side of her face as a tear streamed down.
—Yes. My daughter has been waiting for you. As have I.
The girl moved to stand beside her mother. She looked up at Harry, proud and defiant, as though he might deny her mother’s words.
It had been many years since he had laid eyes on Eloria. In Tanzania. During the trek through the bush to the mining camp. It was a long way from where she stood now. It wasn’t only that. He had believed her to be dead. She had to be. Mike had told him it was so.
—What the hell? What are you doing here?
Harry’s eyes grew accustomed to the darkened room. The little girl moved to stand beside him. A scarf obscured the girl's face.
—Mr. Harry asked about his woman.
Eloria removed the scarf covering her daughter’s face. She regarded her for a moment with a look of pride before touching the girl’s chin and gently turning her face to Harry.
—I would like you to meet my daughter. This is Meeka.
She pronounced the girl’s name in the same manner Harry recalled her saying Mike’s name all those years ago. The girl smiled up at him.
Eloria turned on a light. It was enough to cause Harry to do a double take. How long had it been since their Tanzanian adventure? Nine or ten years? The girl was tall and gangly and had a grin that resembled Mike’s more than he wanted to admit. To say she was a spitting image wouldn’t cover it. The girl was the man’s younger twin.
Memories of their trek across the Tanzanian bush came flooding back. The downed aircraft. The firefight. His rescue by Mike and the women after they eliminated the attackers. The almost two-day overland trek to the tanzanite mine. Stealing the truck and attacking the blockhouse. The race to the border to escape the gunmen chasing after them.
That chase was the sketchy part. By then his concussion had kicked in for the worse. He had no memory of it.
How would he tell Mike about this? Worse, how would Barbara take it when she found out? If she found out. He had completely forgotten that he was now searching for his own wife in all of this.
—Get Mr. Harry a chair, Meeka. He looks like he will fall down soon.
Harry didn’t fall down. He thumped into the chair. His breath escaped with an audible groan.
—We have a lot to talk about, Eloria.
—Yes, Mr. Harry. But first you must eat. Meeka, bring Harry some chai and rooti.
The girl set the tea and warm bread in front of Harry. She pulled a chair close beside him and sat down to watch him devour the food. Eloria rested a hand on her daughter’s shoulder.
—She likes you already. That is good.
He washed the bread down with a mouthful of hot, spicy chai and nodded his approval before managing to speak. Even then, it was only a question.
—Is it?
—Yes. It is good. I will explain everything after you finish.


Harry needed time to process what he had just learned. He took his time pushing the plate away. He took a drink of chai to wash down a last mouthful of rooti. Hunger satisfied, he eased back from the table to position his chair facing Eloria. The little girl did the same. She placed her elbows on the table and rested her chin in the palms of both hands and studied Harry.
—Just so you know, Eloria. When I found out who was on the other end of the phone, I couldn’t let it go. I owe you and Irit everything for getting me out of that mess at the airstrip. That you were alive and asking for help had me cashing in every favor anyone ever owed to get to you.
—Your wife is here, too.
—Yes. It’s not the first time she has backed me up. She is a very strong-willed woman. When she learned it was you, I couldn’t keep her away.
Meeka’s eyes shifted back and forth as she tried to follow the conversation.
—I know all about you. Ali has told me many stories about you and your friends. And of Barbara’s bravery also.
—I didn’t tell Mike I was coming here. Mike’s wife, Barbara, and Sasha are best friends. They have been for a long time. I forced Sasha to swear she wouldn’t tell Barbara or Mike what we would be up to over here—not that we had any idea.
—Why is that?
—Because I don’t want to threaten their marriage. I have no idea how Barbara would take news of you being alive. Initially, I thought it was you and Irit who wanted our help. Now I find out that it’s you and your daughter. Mike’s daughter, too, by the look of it. They killed Irit that day, didn’t they?
—Yes. She was killed.
—You weren’t, and now I think it’s time for you to tell me what’s going on.
A truck approached the courtyard. Eloria halted to listen. Meeka cocked an ear. The truck backfired and halted. Instantly, the atmosphere in the house changed. The welcome Harry had received turned to one of caution. Eloria motioned to Meeka, and she scurried into a back room.
She called to her daughter.
—Meeka. One for Mr. Harry also.
The girl returned, cradling two AKs. A familiar-looking old shotgun hung off of her shoulder. Harry took the second AK and moved to the shadows in the dimly lit room. He wasn’t permitted to check the action.
—You must come this way.
Meeka took Harry’s hand and pulled him into the back.
Sandals slowly slapped their way across the hardened dirt towards the door to the house. Eloria remained in the front room. A man’s voice called out.
—It is Ali. I am coming in.
Eloria didn’t relax until Ali was inside and the door latched.
—I have heard talk that a visitor has come our way.
Meeka took Harry’s hand and led him back to the front room. Harry slung the AK over his shoulder and greeted the old man with a handshake and a warm hug.
—Sala’am, old friend. It is good to see you.
Harry stepped back to regard the man who was his friend. The passage of time hadn’t been kind to Ali. He looked pale and weak in the dim light. His hands shook. He slowly made his way to a chair and eased down into it.
—And you, Harry. I am glad you could be here on such a short notice.
—As I told Eloria just minutes ago, nothing could keep me away when I learned who it was that needed my help.
—I have some news of your wife.
—Yes, Harry. Why is your wife not with you?
So. Eloria hadn’t known his wife was missing. Perhaps that would bode well when he asked for her help to find Sasha.
—Sasha is pretty capable of taking care of herself. I didn’t want to burden you with my problems until I found out what yours might be.


Eloria touched her daughter on the shoulder and smiled down at her.
—Meeka, make fresh chai for us, please. I think we will talk for a while.
—Yes, mother. Would you like rooti, Ali?
—No, child. Thank you for the offering.
—Come, Ali. You must tell Harry what has become of his wife. Surely you will not make him wait any longer.
Immediately Harry suspected perhaps Eloria knew more about the whereabouts of his wife than she was letting on.
The old man sighed and shifted in the chair. Ali knew his friend wouldn’t be happy with the news of his wife. He also knew that Harry was not a man who sat idly by when threats were made against his family. He had learned that about him when Harry had asked for his help to rescue his wife the last time she was missing.
—My son has taken your woman. He has taken your Sasha.
—Waheed. How do you know?
—Eloria’s child followed him and saw your Sasha being delivered.
It surprised Harry to learn that Eloria’s daughter could be so knowledgeable.
—It seems you’ve been teaching Meeka what she needs to know to survive in this place.
—I think you are right. But I hope that she will not be here much longer.
Eloria retrieved a burnoose for Harry.
—You will need this to blend in. Unfortunately, I can do nothing for the color of your skin.
—In that case, I’ll have to keep my eyes open and stay lucky.
She disappeared into the bedroom and came out with a handgun and ammunition. A k-bar in a sheath and a belt and holster appeared.
—You’ve been stocking up.
—It is necessary for a white woman and her daughter. People know not to mess with me or my daughter. It helps to be aligned with Ali also.
—That might not be such a good thing for long.
—You are right, Harry. That is why I called to ask you to come here.
—Ali, why did Waheed kidnap my wife? She has nothing to do with his problems.
—I think he wants to put pressure on you to ignore our friendship. He thinks you are here to help me convince our people that the oil companies are not good.
—We both know that to be true.
—Waheed has fallen in with a certain oil company and their treachery. He believes their lies about underground oil reserves in our clan territory. He thinks he will become rich beyond his dreams.
—But there’s no oil here. Every hole has come up dry since drilling began decades ago.
—You are right. Even so, they are telling him that there is oil in the ground. I tried to explain how the companies have been pretending to look for oil for a generation, yet they have found nothing. It is a front for American interference in my country. Now even a company from Canada is in on the treachery.
—Damn, Ali, we were all here when the last round of exploration was going on. There was nothing, not even water. Only sand and dust.
—Waheed doesn’t believe it. He has taken the side of the oil company and their interfering leaders. He has allowed them to come here and do as they please.
—You will become another arm of American interventionism. Do you want that?
—No, Harry, I do not. But there is worse to come.
Harry didn’t like the sound of that. He pushed back from the table and stood up.
—How so?
Ali went on.
—For some time my son has had a liking for Eloria. Unfortunately, he has no use for her child.
Tears welled in Meeka’s eyes. She moved to her mother sitting across the table. She stood beside her, looking at the men.
—Will you leave me, mother?
Eloria’s arms surrounded Meeka. She hugged her close and tight.
—No, my daughter. I will not. Never in my life will you be here without me if I have to die to keep you safe.
—Did Mr. Harry come to help us go away?
Harry thought back to the promise he made to himself a decade ago in the Tanzanian bush at the site of his downed aircraft. The appearance of the women earned his respect and undying gratitude when they came to his rescue. He would do anything for Eloria and the girl.
—When I learned you and Irit had been killed, I was devastated. I’ve been haunted knowing that I would never get the chance to honor the pledge I made. You are going to get everything I promised I would deliver, and then some.
Heaven and hell would do for now. If there was something else he needed to bring, he would handle it when the need came along. Harry turned to the little girl, still surrounded by her mother’s arms.
—Meeka, my promise is to you and to your mother. You will not remain here.
—The little girl moved to Harry’s side and took his hand.
Eloria smiled and nodded.
—Thank you, Harry. It means much to me. And to Meeka.
The look she gave Harry convinced him she took him at his word. She knew he meant what he said.
—Ali, you are with us, are you not?
—Yes.
With that settled, Harry could put his efforts into locating his wife.
—Now then. You must tell me where Waheed has taken Sasha. Before you do, you’d better know I am not happy to learn that he has my wife as a prisoner, for ransom or for any reason. I promise I will dispatch straight to hell anyone who gets in the way or harms her.
He looked directly at Ali. The old man sighed and stood up.
—I am afraid of that. So be it. My son is now a grown man. He must be the one to answer for the sins of his actions.
Ali steadied himself against the table. It was obvious he was extremely weak. The old man shifted his attention to Eloria.
—She knows where your woman is. Inshallah, you will have her soon.
That was news. Harry’s gaze moved to Eloria. He gave her a hard look.
—You didn’t tell me.
—Forgive me. I had to know where your loyalty would lie.
—Now you know. It is with my wife and my promise to you. You have no reason to doubt any longer.
52
Present Day - Northern Somalia


SASHA WOKE UP IN A SWEAT in the hot, stuffy room where she and Harry had been imprisoned since their arrival. The missing window and door in the broken-down excuse for a motel didn’t allow for even a whisper of a breeze. She looked over at Harry on the second bed. How he could continue to sleep in the heat and humidity annoyed her. She considered waking him and then thought better. He didn’t need to listen to a list of complaints.
She moved to kick away the sheet on the filthy bed. Her feet swiped empty air, and she remembered the sheets were missing, just like the door. She sat up and reached for her shoes. She remembered Harry’s instructions and turned them over and knocked them together before putting them on. On her way to the courtyard she passed the guard.
He chased after her in silence, close behind, his footsteps giving him away. She reached the dark, empty courtyard and he was on her. He grabbed her hair and pulled her towards the street in front of the motel. She couldn’t keep up. She lost her balance and fell to her knees. He traded hair for arm and yanked her to her feet. She fought. Kicked. Struggled. It was no use. The man’s grip was too powerful.
She stumbled and fell again and bumped head-first into a truck. Rendered semi-conscious, she could no longer continue to struggle. Two men easily loaded her into the truck and dropped her in the middle seat.
Sasha came to with a vengeance when she realized they were taking her away. She kicked. Bit. Scratched. The men found out they made a huge mistake in not restraining her. She doubled up on her attempt to escape, flailing her fists and then her feet at both men. She could only land weak, half-hearted punches. Her efforts were rewarded with a single punch to the head. Quieted at last, she slumped against the seat.
The truck made its way out of town on dark, narrow streets. It wound its way north of the city towards Waheed’s isolated compound. She came to and discovered the truck was stopped. The men were busy digging it out of soft sand. She jumped out and ran. She dodged a shovel swung her way and ran into the second man. He smacked into her stomach and she collapsed. She ended up with arms and feet tied before they tossed her into the back of the truck.
—If she were my woman I would leave her in the desert to die of thirst.
—I think this one will follow you home and kill you.
—Perhaps you are right. Why does Waheed want this woman?
—I do not know. I do only what he tells me.
—Let us go. I want to be rid of her. Sooner is better. She will be Waheed’s problem.
Sasha was only playing at being unconscious in the back of the truck. She recognized Waheed’s name, but had no idea where she was being taken. If nothing else, she now knew who was responsible.
When Harry found out, there was going to be hell to pay.


Within the walls of his fortified compound, Waheed paced impatiently. He was anxiously awaiting the arrival of the Sasha woman. He would use her to distract the man who was to give help to his father. No matter how many times he had attempted to convince his father that the oil companies were for the better, the old man wouldn’t listen. He didn’t see the need for oil-company interference in the affairs of his region.
He, Waheed, son of Ali, would get his hands on as much of that oil company money as was possible. They were willing to pay handsomely for help in obtaining their leases. The money would be used for arms and munitions. It would enable him to buy the favor of many in his clan. He grinned and rubbed his hands together, anticipating what would soon be falling into them.
The noisy truck motored up to the entrance of the compound. Brakes squeaked and Waheed knew the Sasha woman had been delivered. He smiled and opened the compound’s door. The men dropped the dark-haired white woman at his feet. Still reeling, she moaned in pain. Waheed grabbed her hair and dragged her into the compound.
—If you promise not to try to escape I will untie your feet.
The man’s knife slowly sliced through the thick rope that had replaced the tape wrapped around her ankles. Her eyes darted around this new location.
Waheed helped her to stand. She stumbled and leaned against him for support. Her hand moved to the knife he had replaced in his belt. As though reading her mind, he caught it, twisted, and slammed his fist into her stomach. Sasha doubled over. The knife slipped and fell into the sand. She went down with it, unable to breathe.
She stayed down.
There will be a time soon enough, she thought.
—You have been brought here alive at my command. Do not try that again. If you behave, you will be treated well. If you do not, I will leave you to starve and die of thirst in the desert. The vultures will pick your bones clean.
Sasha caught enough breath to reply.
—Not if I see you first.
The expression was lost on him, as she knew it would be.
—You will be guarded. You must not attempt to leave my compound. If you do, my men will shoot you. If you make it out to the desert, you will be hunted down and killed. Your body will not be found. Do you understand?
—I understand, all right. You must understand something, too. If harm comes to me, your father’s friend, Harry, will hunt you down and kill you. He’ll kill your wives. He’ll kill your children. He’ll kill your camels. He’ll kill your sheep and your goats. He’ll kill your dogs. He’ll salt your land.
Waheed considered the outcome and dismissed it before laughing.
—No one will get in here and live. Were I to write this Harry’s name in the sand, it would blow away in the wind like so much dust before he will take you away from me. He will not rescue you. He will die trying.
—You forgot to add Inshallah.
—I do not need God’s will.
He turned away from her. She flung the words at his back.
—Then you will learn that God and Harry are two very different things.


Sasha pushed and pulled and fought against the men dragging her towards the building. She flailed. She kicked. The men rewarded her struggle with a punch to the head. It stunned her into complying. She became a more willing subject. Waheed addressed the men fighting with her.
—Prepare this woman for the trip to the brothel. See that she has the clothing.
Someone tossed a robe at her. Defiant, she let it drop at her feet.
—If you do not put it on, we will force it upon you.
She reconsidered. Her struggles had gained her nothing. There was no sense continuing to resist. She swallowed her pride and complied. The men turned to allow her some measure of privacy. She covered her face with the hijab. Someone secured it around her neck, probably because the men thought she would rip it off given the chance.
Her body covered, a man secured her wrists and shoved her towards the truck. Securely seated between two men, they drove off, headed towards the outskirts of town. In the tight confines of the small truck, there was no room to struggle.
Her mind reeled, confused. Surely she couldn’t have heard right. A brothel? What did a whorehouse have to do with anything? She had to have misheard. Wherever she was going, a whorehouse had to be last on the agenda.
She considered making at least one more escape attempt, but the shovel to the head she took on the last truck ride convinced her otherwise. She had no idea where she was. There was nowhere to go. She wasn’t about to take any more fists if she had a say in the matter.
—Why am I being taken to a whorehouse?
—A white woman will command huge fees from the oil workers that come to visit.
As if she needed further explanation, the second kidnapper chimed in.
—Christian men are not permitted in Muslim brothels. All the women in Waheed’s brothel are Christian. There are no Muslim women allowed to be there.
Now she knew why Waheed was so interested in her. He was going to pimp her out for the benefit of his bank account. She wondered how much a white woman went for in an East African whorehouse these days. Just how long would it take Harry to find this whorehouse on the Horn? She wasn’t liking her new job description. He needed to rescue her expensive white ass.
She muttered to herself. Son of a bitch, but I’ll never hear the end of this.
—What was it you said?
She didn’t have time to answer. They were at the bunkhouse. The men dragged her out of the truck and into a back room. A window on the opposite side was shaded. The room contained a bed and a washstand. There was a frilly pink top and short-shorts on the bed.
—At least you got the props right.
One man forced her into a chair and held her down. A man wielding scissors approached. She thought it best not to object while he cut long hair into something resembling a close-cropped mess.
—How many women are here?
—You are four.
—Is it busy?
—Very.
—How do they pay?
—With U.S. dollars.
Damn you, Harry, get your ass over here. The sooner the better, before those oil workers ruin me for life.
With nothing else going for her, she changed her tack and pretended to play nice. Perhaps she’d be able to figure out where they kept the cash. She didn’t get time to do it. The men turned out the lights.
One of the men shoved Sasha. She ended up landing hard in a corner of the darkened room. She hit a wall and slid to the floor. The door closed. The last thing she heard was a bar sliding into place.
53
Present Day - Northern Somalia


A MUZZLE POKED THROUGH a window. Harry shouted. Automatic gunfire erupted and ricocheted through the room. He made a grab for Ali and pulled the old man to the floor. Eloria and Meeka were on the ground beside him. The firing halted as quickly as it started. Feet slapped the ground outside the window and someone took off running.
Ali moaned. Harry moved to help him up. The old man’s dissipated body provided no help. He carried Ali to the safety of a back bedroom. He moaned again and went silent.
—Ali, you must take Eloria and her daughter to safety. They do not deserve any of this.
Harry’s plea went unanswered. It was too late. He checked for a pulse. The old man exhaled and his breathing halted. He had come all this way to help Ali with his problem and had ended up getting him killed in the process. He held back rising panic. Where the hell was his wife?
He regarded the old man coldly in the dim light of the room. One problem down, another one to go, but there was no sense in losing sight of the objective. He would track down his wife without Ali’s help.
But first he would need more obvious help.
One by one, he searched through the rooms looking for a stash of weapons. He found an AK and some ammunition and an old backpack. He filled the pack with mags and grenades. The RPG came with three rounds. He took those, too.
He checked outside, looking for a truck. Every time he turned around, there was a truck parked in a street. When he needed one, there was nothing. Word must have gotten out to keep away from Ali’s compound.
Harry delayed the inevitable by inventorying the weapons. He checked and re-checked the condition and the actions. All were well-used but freshly oiled. Ali knew how to keep things functioning, and for that he was grateful.
Next on his agenda was locating Sasha.
A piece of cake but for one small thing. The damned woman had disappeared yet again. He had no idea where to start. For that, he would need Eloria. He turned to her and discovered another woman in his life had gone missing.


Harry shouldered an AK and went from building to building in Ali’s compound, searching for Eloria. The place was empty of people. Every building he checked had been vacated but for the furnishings. His search proved fruitless. The woman and her daughter had slipped away while he was distracted by the search for weapons.
Was her disappearance intentional? If it was, he’d be searching for Sasha on his own. Everything was becoming impossibly difficult.
Ali’s death had certainly freed him from one obligation. His second, to Eloria, now seemed to have receded into the background with her disappearance. He was left to wonder if, by her sneaking off, his obligation became one of getting her daughter—who he now knew without a doubt to be Mike’s daughter—out of this hell-hole.
That would be kidnapping if the child’s mother wasn’t in agreement. He had no stomach for that, even though Meeka, based on nothing more than her looks, turned out to be his friend’s daughter. He just couldn’t put himself or Mike and Barbara in that position.
A door creaked on its hinges. A high-pitched voice called out.
—Mr. Harry.
Meeka. So she hadn’t disappeared with her mother after all. With everything else going on, he’d forgotten that the girl might still be in Ali’s compound. He had looked everywhere. At least, he thought he had.
Could she help, or would she turn out to be a hindrance? Given how competent he knew her mother to be, perhaps she had passed on some of her abilities to her daughter.
—We need to get out of here, Meeka. Now that Ali is gone, this place will be taken over by Waheed and his followers. Do you know where your mother went?
Meeka looked up at him with one of those looks Christa, his own daughter, gave him when she thought he had all the answers and could do no wrong.
—No. I do not know.
Harry bet that wherever the woman went, a trail of death and destruction would follow in her wake. Avenging Ali’s death to her satisfaction would be paramount.
—Is it possible that she might have gone looking for Ali’s killer? 
—Yes. It is possible.
Great. He had been left to babysit a ten-year-old. How the hell would he ever find his wife if he had to drag a child around? That he was calling Sasha his wife even though they weren’t yet married told him what he had to do.
—I think we better look for Sasha on our own. Do you think you can help me?
—Yes, Mr. Harry. I will help you.
At least one of them was confident.
—Where do you think we should start?
Shit. Now he was attempting to come up with a plan based on a child’s reasoning.
—I think we should go to the girl place.
The girl place? What the hell?
—Where is that, Meeka?
—It is on the way to the airport. A building close to a hill.
It was looking more and more as though he would be postponing plans for a wedding until he could come up with the bride. Christa wouldn’t be a happy camper if he showed up at home minus her mother. Not to mention what Barbara would do to him. The woman wouldn’t wait until he fell asleep.
Damned if he didn’t know how he got to where he was. Sasha had disappeared. Eloria was nowhere to be found. He was stuck with a ten-year-old. Well, perhaps stuck wasn’t the word, but that’s how it felt. What would he do with her while he was trying to track down his wife? He answered his own question when it suddenly occurred to him yet again that Meeka was his best friend Mike’s daughter.
—Meeka.
—Yes, Mr. Harry?
—Would you like to go back to your house to wait, or do you want to come with me?
There was another problem. He had absolutely no idea where he had to go in this hot, dusty hell-hole of a town. He made the decision on the spot.
—Instead of that, perhaps you would like to be my guide.
Immediately, he regretted the words.


Harry had a new problem—as if problem one, the missing Sasha, wasn’t enough. He couldn’t put the daughter of his best friend in more danger than necessary to solve problem number one. Add a missing Eloria into the mix. How would he manage that while searching for two women?
He asked again.
—Meeka, I’m going to need a guide. Do you know anyone?
A last-ditch attempt at keeping her safe. If she knew someone—
—I can show you, Mr. Harry. I have learned the streets very good. My mother taught me I should put everything inside my memory.
A ten-year-old for a guide. Perhaps it wasn’t so far-fetched after all.
—In that case, we need to sit down and have a pow-wow.
She looked up at him.
—What is pow-wow?
He squatted beside her, and they sat together. The girl smiled at him and his heart melted.
—It’s kind of like a meeting to figure out what is going on. Where we need to go. Who we need to see to get there.
How would he be able to make rescuing his wife a priority over finding the girl’s mother? In his mind, he already knew what he had to do. How would Meeka take the decision? Instead, what came out of his mouth was the complete opposite of what had been running through his head.
—We’re going to find your mother.
Because no little girl should be without her mother.
He wasn’t being entirely honest with himself. He already knew that adding Eloria to his team of one would be a huge bonus. The trek across Tanzania the four of them made the day his plane got shot up had taught him that. Without her and her friend Irit, he and Mike would have been dead meat in short order, food only for the screaming hyenas.
Now he had to figure out a way to get it in gear for the girl’s sake, hit the proverbial road, and locate the women, all while keeping the girl safe. If he could pick up Eloria’s trail of death and destruction in her attempt to avenge Ali, they should be good to go.
Another piece of cake. He was getting fat just thinking about it. He would put Sasha over his knee later, after he found her.
—Here’s what I think we should do, Meeka.


Harry knew he had to get it together in short order if he was going to find Eloria and his wife. Now he had to worry about Sasha being number two on his honey-do list. If he ever made it out of this alive, he’d better not ever admit that to her. She’d remind him until the day he died—which might not be that far off, considering how things had gone up to now.
He had no idea where to start. His old friend Ali was dead. There would be no help there. Then there was a mysterious brothel. Why would Sasha be shipped off to a brothel? In this country, men wanted women of their own faith. A man wouldn’t be out looking for a Christian woman to screw.
Then it dawned on him. Waheed. Bought by the oil companies. Perhaps he had a side business servicing the roughnecks. Could his wife have been put to work in a whorehouse? It made more sense than anything else he could come up with.
Finally, he had ammunition for when she accused him of putting her in the number two spot on his list of things to do before he died. Speaking of which, that damned woman might still be the death of him. If he hadn’t been left with a child to take care of, he’d be a lot keener to get started.
If only he could track down Eloria. He was convinced finding her would make things a lot easier. Well, perhaps not a lot easier. A little easier, maybe.
Which wasn’t saying much.
54
Out of the past - Eloria


ELORIA CAME TO ON a metal floor in a tin building. Weak and disoriented, the steady drone of an engine penetrated the fog created by the beatings. She was thirsty. Her mouth was dry. Her clothes soaked. She twisted her head. Flexed her hands. Twisted her ankles. She did it again and again. The bonds loosened only a bit. Slowly, the blood flow increased to her extremities.
Engine noise. She was on board an airplane. Groggy and hurting beyond belief, she went back to concentrating on her hands and feet. Everything seemed to work. She wasn’t so sure before she passed out after the last beating. It had to be hours ago. When she was on land.
The plane’s stripped interior revealed bare metal. It resembled the inside of the plane Harry flew, although this one was larger and had two engines.
No seats. No belts. Heavy-looking wooden crates piled haphazardly on each side of a makeshift center aisle. She recognized them as boxes containing arms. She had to be on a flight to deliver guns. But where?
The engine noise subsided, and it reminded her of Harry doing the same on the plane that took her to the job in the Tanzanian bush. She hoped she wouldn’t be subjected to the same gut-wrenching approach Harry had put her through. Even though she wasn’t hung over, the beatings left her weak and confused even now.
Working her knees, she slid a backpack to within reach of her hands. She worked stiff fingers to open a flap. Rummaged through it with one hand. A weapon. She needed something to put up a fight. There was nothing. She came up with a bottle of water. It was almost as good. She fought to open it and doused herself. It helped to bring her around.
She groaned and pushed with her feet to slide upright against the bare metal. She twisted and stared out a cabin window. There was nothing but dry desert. Before she could position herself for a better look, wheels bumped onto sand.
The opposite window revealed some kind of four-engine plane parked on the side of the sand strip. The plane taxied past and stopped beside a dilapidated, tin-roofed outbuilding.
Wherever she had landed was surrounded by even more desert.
The cargo door opened from the outside. She twisted again to get a good look. As best she could tell, there were many technicals surrounding the plane.
A man unlocked the chain securing a wrist to a box. He dragged her to the open door and pushed her out. She fell on her back on the soft sand. It was no cushion. It knocked the wind out of her. She struggled to maintain consciousness as she struggled to catch her breath in the hot desert air.
Where had they taken her? Why was she still alive?


Eloria didn’t want to show defiance. Instead, she pretended to be weak. She kept herself in check. Considering she hadn’t had water or food in what felt like forever, it wasn’t difficult to do. It would do no good to struggle against her restraints in the stifling heat.
She had to find out where she was. Why she was still alive. What was going on. She knew her life lay in the balance. She had to keep alive as long as she could. If she could do that, perhaps there would be a chance to escape. She didn’t concern herself with where that would lead.
Men shoved the crates out of the airplane’s cargo door. The boxes were jimmied open and the contents were carried to the trucks surrounding the airplane. AKs, bags of magazines, boxes of ammunition, grenades, mortars, RPGs all disappeared. When the job was done, the trucks moved away in a cloud of blowing sand and dust.
Two men checked her bindings and threw her into the back of the remaining truck. It caught up to the others and followed them along a rough trail onto a paved road. She passed a crude, hand-lettered sign, and a village came into view.
The sign was no help. She had never heard of the place.


The crowd of men surrounding Eloria parted and a tall, regal man approached. He looked her over, appraising. Others in the crowd deferred to him. No one spoke. She felt the vague beginning of fear.
The man was obviously a leader. What would he do with her? Was she to be his wife? How many did he have already? A mother to his children? Babysitter? She wondered how many babysitters there were in this neighborhood. Probably few—if any at all.
She would have to wait before showing her hand.
The man removed her bonds and handed over a bag of clothes. He grabbed her, hauled her up off the ground, and yanked her toward a tin-roofed building without windows. She would have no chance to escape.
He shoved her into the building. In the dark, she undressed, took the niqab out of the bag, and put it on over her head. The man appeared pleased when she came out wearing the clothes. She took a chance.
—Where am I?
—You are in northern Somalia.
The voice was guttural, difficult to understand.
—Who are you?
—I am Waheed, son to Ali. Ali is the leader of the clan to which I belong.
The man’s English was heavily accented.
—English. Where did you go to school?
—In Kenya, on the outskirts of Mombasa.
—Your family must be rich if they could afford to send you there.
—Perhaps. But that is not important.
He spoke a name, and a woman appeared.
—She will take you to get clean.
The woman motioned for Eloria to follow. In another room, she stripped and stepped into a tub and lowered herself. Hot water surrounded her, soothing her injuries. She relaxed and submerged herself in the hot water. She scrubbed at the accumulated dirt and dust and grime accumulated over the last several days. She languished as the hot water soothed her aches and pains. It came as a welcome relief, and she forgot all about her troubles until it was time to get out of the tub.
The woman led Eloria to a kitchen. Her attempts to make conversation were rebuffed. Either the woman didn’t speak English or she had been told to ignore her. She was offered a plate of bread and a cup of hot, spicy chai. It was exactly what she needed after the bath. It all helped to bring her around. Her one worry was how long she would have to stay here by herself.
How long would it be before she found a way to escape?


Waheed turned Eloria over to the women in his camp with instructions to nurse her back to health. For the most part, she was left alone. She was allowed to wander unaccompanied around the town. She used the time to get her bearings. By the time she had committed the streets and back alleys of the town to memory, she was moved to Galkayo. That was where she met Waheed’s father, Ali.
That was also where she learned she was pregnant.
She hid it from everyone until the last months. By then, it became impossible to arrange the flowing robes around her rapidly enlarging belly. The pregnancy gave her a degree of status. Everyone thought the baby would be born into Waheed’s clan.
That was fine with her, and she didn’t deny it.
Without a doubt, Eloria knew it to be Mike’s. When they met that night in the bar, she had trouble pronouncing his name. She took to calling him Meek. He didn’t care, and she liked him right away.
It all seemed so long ago.
When the baby girl was born, Eloria had a name ready. Meeka. From that day she was never without a weapon to protect her daughter. If she ever had to fight for her life, the result would not be pretty. By the time she finished with whoever threatened either of them, death would come. Worried as she was, it never happened. She was left free to roam the city, accompanied by her daughter.
As the child grew older, Eloria taught her the skills she would need to become self-sufficient in the event they became separated. Or worse. That’s the word she used when she told Meeka about it. What she meant was that she might be killed, or moved, the same way she had arrived here. Still, she lived in constant fear that the two of them would end up separated.
Ali, Waheed’s father, kept his eye on Meeka. He liked both mother and daughter. It showed in his manner and his way of talking with them. They became regular visitors to his compound. Eventually, they ended up moving into a place the old man provided in his compound. She felt more secure there than with Waheed.
By then, relations between the old man and his son had become strained. Tensions relating to oil company business in the region were high. Waheed began keeping his distance from his father.
By association, he stayed away from both Eloria and her daughter, also.


Over time, Eloria and her daughter gradually became accepted in Ali’s camp. Years passed and Meeka grew like a desert flower, always under the watchful eye of her mother. As the girl grew older, she showed her how to disassemble and clean firearms. With Ali’s blessing, she took her into the desert to teach her how to hold, load, and fire those same weapons.
In time, the young girl became proficient, an equal to the rebel children photographed with automatic weapons slung over their shoulders. Those same images had become popular in the mainstream press. There was one difference between the photographs of the rebel children and Meeka, however. When Eloria was finished with her, Meeka could hit her targets. In fact, she rarely missed. That, and she was white.
As the years progressed, changes slowly overtook the region. They were being forced on the people by the oil companies and the clan leaders they bought and paid for. All the companies were trying their best to buy their way into being permitted to drill for the black gold. The companies had convinced almost everyone that unlimited riches would be discovered underground if only they were permitted to drill.
So much money was changing hands with the clans that the situation had deteriorated into open warfare. Her mentor Ali was in favor of maintaining distance from the greed and outright lies and trickery of the foreign oil companies. Not his son, though. Waheed was in bed with the oil companies and was busy selling out to anyone with the cash.
Much strife between father and son ensued. Eloria believed the status quo would not be maintained for much longer. She began searching for a way out of the situation that wouldn’t jeopardize her safety or that of her daughter.
She kept her eyes and ears open.


Eloria began taking her daughter to Ali’s campfire in the evenings. She would help the old man wrap himself in his blanket against the cool, dark nights. They would sit with him while he poured his sweet, spicy chai.
He would gather his blanket against the cool air and tell stories of his adventures in northern Somalia. Sometimes he would begin with tales of enduring massive drought that caused entire villages to relocate into huge relief centers.
He spoke of owning many camels that made him a wealthy man. He told them of leading camel caravans along ancient trade routes that were still being used in these modern days.
It was during one of those story-telling nights that he began a story of two men who had come back into his life from long ago. The three men had started their friendship and gotten to know one another while they were employed by one of the first oil companies that came into the area.
Long after they had left the region to return home, Ali had received a phone call asking for help in recovering the wife of one of the men. The man, Harry, had asked Ali if he could provide some assistance in the form of a couple of technicals and some men to operate them on a trek across the desert.
The two men, accompanied by a woman who he later discovered was Mike’s wife, arrived by plane at their old landing strip located west of Eyl. He met the plane as requested and discovered that it had been modified and outfitted as an airborne technical with twin 50-caliber weapons mounted in the cargo door.
When the men arrived, they came complete with fresh arms for Ali’s men. It impressed him that they had come equipped to do some serious damage, consequently he lent his full support to their undertaking.
By the time Ali’s story was brought to an end several nights later, Eloria was convinced the two men he spoke of were the same two men she had met in Tanzania in the bar. If that was true, Ali knew the father of her daughter.
She had much to think about over the next weeks and months. The identity of the woman that had accompanied the men on the rescue mission had to be Mike’s wife. That meant that there would be no way she could involve him in getting her daughter away to safety.
On the other hand, with her sister Irit, they had come to Harry’s rescue in the bush after his plane had been damaged. Perhaps that meant that he could be convinced to returning to help her. After all, he owed her his life.
It was time to collect.
55
Present Day - Northern Somalia


WAHEED KICKED OPEN the door to the brothel and shoved Eloria into the room. She slammed into a wall and collapsed on the floor. The door thumped shut and what sounded like a bar was lowered across it. Someone yelled and another door slammed. A vehicle drove off. The brothel went quiet in the cloud of dust drifting over it. Eloria realized she was no longer under Ali’s protection. 
Sasha moved to comfort the woman groaning on the floor beside her. She waited for her to quiet before helping her sit upright. She got the woman’s back to a wall. In the darkened room, it was difficult to discern anything about the woman.
—You’re safe for now. I don’t know what they expect of us.
The woman responded with an accent so strong it was difficult to understand.
—English woman. What are you doing here?
Sasha took an educated guess.
—Eloria?
—Yes. I am Eloria. What are you called?
—Sasha. I’m Sasha.
—Sasha? You are the wife of Harry, are you not?
The woman’s response took Sasha by surprise. Her confused brain went into overdrive, trying to come up with why they were both in so much trouble. She put it aside when recognition dawned. Sasha reached for the woman and hugged her.
—We’ve been looking for you. Did Harry find you?
She almost said, Both of you, meaning her daughter also, but caught herself.
—Yes.
—What did you do to end up here?
—My friend and protector Ali is dead. I wanted to go in search of the enemies who put an end to his life. To do so, I left my daughter with your man. I think he will take good care of her.
—Oh yes. You’re right. He will.
With Eloria on the floor beside her, Sasha suspected Waheed would end up searching for her daughter and Harry next.
—Welcome to the crowbar hotel, girl. I knew we would meet up eventually.
Eloria wondered at the words.
—What do you mean?
—Crowbar hotel. Jail. Prison.
Eloria nodded in the dim light.
—Ever since I learned Waheed has his eyes on Meeka, my daughter, I have been wondering how long it would take him to lock me here. Now I know.
—Do you have any idea where Meeka and Harry have gotten to?
—The last I saw they were together.
—Harry will take good care of her.
Sasha repeated the words, knowing they would be small comfort for the woman.
—She will take care of him also. He needs someone who knows the way. Meeka knows all the streets and alleys of this city. I made her learn. I told her to learn the best vehicles also.
—I don’t think a Benz is the way to go here.
—You are right. A technical is better. She can drive one.
—She must be a bit short to reach everything.
—Not at all. She does so while she stands up.
—My goodness. You’ve kept her a busy girl.
A smile crept across Eloria’s face.
—Yes. I try to keep her out of Waheed’s sight the best I can. The way is to send her off to discover things for herself was the best way. It was a good thing to do.
—I hate to change the subject, but how are we going to get out of this aluminum jail?
Eloria got up on the bed and motioned for Sasha to hand her the chair. Unsteady on top of the soft mattress, she climbed onto the wobbling chair. With Sasha steadying the chair, she reached for the roof vent and pulled the screen off and forced it open. She stuck her head through.
—I do not see any guards. We are the only people here.
She reached under her jilbab and pulled out a knife.
—I knew this tent they have forced me to wear would become good one day.
Eloria worked at the trailer’s thin aluminum with the blade. She sawed back and forth on the roof. She succeeded in enlarging the opening after only a few minutes. When she had it big enough to climb through, she pulled her head down and motioned to Sasha.
—Push.
Sasha released her grip on the unsteady chair and moved to support Eloria as she struggled to climb up through the hole. Her upper body rose above the roof while she shoved with both hands. The robe caught on the sharp aluminum, halting Eloria’s progress. From below, Sasha tugged and had enough success to allow Eloria to get through the hole and on top of the roof.
Eloria reached down and gripped Sasha’s wrists. She grunted and pulled Sasha’s torso through the opening. She got a knee on the roof and pulled harder until Sasha joined her. The women held out their arms to greet the strong breeze. It fanned their robes, making them appear to float above the trailer.
—You’re right. There is no one around. Now what the hell are we going to do?
—We need to find weapons. Do you understand how to fire a gun?
—I am a little familiar with an AK-47 and a rocket launcher.
Eloria smiled again.
—Harry married well.
—We’re not together any more.
—Yet you both are here. I think you will not be apart for long if he values talents such as those.
—To tell you the truth, I never thought of it like that.
Eloria regarded the woman standing beside her.
—Then perhaps it is time you did.


Harry put his arm around Meeka and hugged her close, as if to say everything would be all right. She smiled up at him, and it became obvious he had won her over. His heart melted. He knew he wouldn't be able to disappoint her. If only he felt as confident in the final result of his decision as he appeared to be to her.
—Are we going to search for your woman now, Mr. Harry?
—No, Meeka. We will find your mother.
It was the right thing to do. Sasha would have to wait. The little girl’s face beamed with an even wider smile.
—There is a truck we can borrow.
—That won’t be much use. I can’t drive and shoot.
—I can drive.
What the hell? He would have to see this.
—Then let’s get started on our quest.
—What is a quest, Mr. Harry?
It was his turn to smile.
—It’s a search. Together, we will search for a truck.
Meeka took Harry’s hand and pulled him through the maze of streets, past narrow, shaded alleys fronted by dark doorways. When he stopped for a better look, she went back and dragged him away from whatever had caught his attention.
—Mr. Harry, we quest for a truck. This alley is too narrow.
Harry regarded the girl. As with what he remembered of her mother, once committed, Meeka wasn’t one to stray from the objective.
Meeka led them to a square at the end of a street surrounded by squat rows of shops, all closed. Siesta. Everyone was off chewing khat or sleeping away the oppressive afternoon heat. Two technicals came into view, parked under a shade-tree. He looked around. There was no one.
—Which one do you like, Mr. Harry?
In the first beat-up wreck of a technical, he opened a squeaking door, reached in, and retrieved ammo and an RPG. There was no one to object.
—We’ll take this one. It looks better.
It was an obvious lie, given how dilapidated they both appeared.
—Come on. You’re driving, Meeka.
It was almost like Mike was with him. The girl turned the key and the small truck sputtered and groaned to life. He climbed in beside her. That was her cue to use her long legs to balance against the seat before flooring the clutch pedal.
Meeka white-knuckled the wheel with one hand and worked the shift lever with the other. She let out the clutch and the truck jerked into first gear and began porpoising down the street. She relaxed on the edge of the seat, and by the time she found second gear, she had it down, all while standing and then sitting behind the wheel. Her mother would be proud.
So would Mike.
—Where do you think we should start, Meeka?
—Waheed would like my mother. She did not want to do anything with him. Perhaps he would put her in the girl place.
—Girl place? What’s that?
She had mentioned it earlier, but he was still no wiser.
—Yes. Sometimes I follow him there and wait behind a hill. It is where himself likes sometimes to go to.
Harry had no clue what she was talking about. Girl place?
—Perhaps you should take us in that direction.
Meeka wound the truck through the narrow side streets. She knew them well. She’d been walking them for years. Sometimes she would miss a shift, but she recovered and carried on as if it was normal to grind gears.
—Who taught you to drive, Meeka?
—My mother. Sometimes she takes one of these for me to practice. She wants me to learn. She says I must prepare to take care of my own self when she will be sent away.
Well, Eloria had definitely gone away. Now it was up to the two of them to find her. Finally he felt as though he was doing something, even if it was only being chauffeured around town by a ten-year-old twin to his best friend.


A cloud of dust trailed Meeka and Harry in the technical as she drove them, bouncing and bumping, towards the outskirts of town. She took a turn off the main road and ended up on a sand trail. She followed it along the back side of a rocky ridge. In no time they were beyond the town’s edge.
—The girl place is past here.
Meeka gestured through the hill.
—We must go to the top.
Harry wanted to get eyes on the place before he moved on it. He worried more about Meeka than what he would have to do. Eloria would never forgive him if something happened to the girl.
—We should check out the high ground first. Try to keep us below the crest so we are invisible.
Meeka steered the technical like a professional. She kept it behind the crest overlooking the trailer. She brought the technical to a grinding halt. Harry took Meeka’s hand. He wanted to make sure she didn’t rush ahead and become visible against the backdrop of the sky.
They got down on their stomachs and wormed their way up to the crest. Together they peered over the ridge. The trailer’s tin walls shimmered in the late afternoon sun. It would be twilight soon. Darkness would provide good cover for what needed to be done. He wondered if it would provide the same cover if the women he was looking for weren’t inside.
A cloud of dust drifted behind a van that pulled up in front of the trailer. The CAN-AL logo stood out on the door. Half-a-dozen men exited. Laughing and back-slapping, they were eager to get down to business in the trailer. The men almost ran towards the building. That was when he realized the trailer had to be a whorehouse.
He’d need to move fast if he was going to shut this thing down and retrieve Eloria. If she was even there. He fired a burst in the truck's direction. The rounds ricocheted through the flimsy tin. That wasn’t so smart.
He readjusted and directed two single-fire rounds at the air conditioner on the building’s roof. It amplified the sounds as they reverberated through tin walls. If that didn’t get them moving, nothing would.
The door slammed open and smacked against the side of the trailer. Men stumbled and tripped into the open. Single rounds kicked up sand to keep the men moving in the right direction. Before long the truck disappeared even faster than it had arrived. In its wake, only a cloud of dust remained to announce that it had ever been there.
Two armed men exited the trailer. Confused by the gunfire and not sure where it was coming from, they separated. That was Harry’s cue to get down to the business at hand. He flicked the firing lever on the AK to single action. He aimed the iron sights and squeezed off a round. A man went down. He aimed at the second and a split second later the man joined his partner in the sand.
Job one completed, Harry’s attention switched to the area surrounding the trailer. Nothing moved. Then, from the rear of the building, two more appeared, making their way toward town on foot.
Something twigged, and Harry motioned for Meeka to drive the truck over the hill. He leaned on the horn to draw their attention. They halted and looked towards the crest of the hill. Damn if it wasn’t the women he was looking for.
—It’s your mother, Meeka. Sasha, too.
The girl leaned on the horn and jumped up and down, waving her arms and screaming at her mother. The woman waved back and made for the hill.
Puffs of sand walked their way towards the women. The shooter found his mark. One of the women stumbled and fell to the ground. The second bent over her. She looked up and scrambled for cover.
Harry couldn’t be sure. He tried to remember what Sasha was wearing the last time he saw her. A head covering. A robe. What color? Dammit. He was certain that was her laying in the sand.
Harry pulled the pin on a grenade and tossed it in the direction of the gunfire. A satisfying whump followed and a sea of red-tinged sand exploded into the air. A direct hit. It was one down and a lot more to go.
—Come on Meeka, let’s do a quick run along the perimeter to check for bad guys and then get our rear ends down the hill.
Harry climbed onto the back of the technical and manned the 50 caliber. He scanned ahead as they worked the edge, but there was nothing.
—All right, let’s get down there.
He held on to the 50 for dear life as the girl maneuvered the truck down the hill, bumping and grinding the gears all the way. He was scared to death of what he was certain he would find.
Meeka halted the truck. The woman pulled off her hijab and Harry tossed an AK at her. He jumped out and leaned over the woman on the ground. A thick pool of blood formed in the sand beneath her. Harry bent to listen to the woman’s labored breathing.
—Meeka. Come quick.
He pulled Meeka down with him. Eloria’s lips moved. The head covering muffled her words. Harry sliced through it, allowing Eloria’s last words to escape. They were barely audible through her shallow breathing.
—Yes, Eloria. Meeka will be safe. I give you my word.
He turned to the girl crouched in the sand beside her mother.
—Did you hear your mother?
—Yes. I listened.
—What do you think?
—We do that, Mr. Harry.
Harry reached to close Eloria’s eyes. He bent to carry the woman’s lifeless body to the truck. He checked for a pulse one last time to be certain. Meeka stood by as he covered her face. The girl seemed unsure of what to do.
—Do you want to say goodbye?
—I did that, Mr. Harry.
—Then let’s go. You’re still the driver.
She wiped away a tear and smiled. Harry turned to Sasha.
—We’ll be off to a rough start, but once Meeka gets going it will be smooth sailing. Get in beside your god-daughter.
Sasha hesitated.
—I’m not ready. Give me a minute.
56
Present Day - Northern Somalia


SASHA’S TREMBLING HANDS fumbled with Harry’s pack. The gravity of the situation she and Harry were in was taking firm hold. She had just met Eloria, the woman they had both come to save, and now she was dead. Responsible or not, she was less than happy to be hauling Eloria’s body around in the truck.
—I want to see that photo again.
Harry took the pack and pulled out the picture of Eloria and her daughter.
—What’s the problem?
She sighed, out of desperation or fear, or both.
—We can’t leave Meeka here. Ali is too old to take proper care of her. His son, Waheed, isn’t the swiftest camel in the desert. We need to get her off of this continent and take her home with us.
It was a no-brainier for Harry. The decision was already made.
—Ali is dead. Her mother, too. We’re taking the girl to Mike and Barbara.
—Just like that?
—Just like that. If they won’t have her, we will.
—Somehow, I don’t think it will be a problem.
—It had better not be.
Harry couldn’t suppress his grin any longer.
—What are you looking at?
—You in that robe. Damn, woman, who outfitted you in that getup? And what’s underneath it?
—If you know what’s good for you, you won’t say another word.
His eyes took in the ragged, close-cropped haircut.
—Nice hair. I’d do you.
—You won’t ever again if you’re not careful.
—How much were they asking?
—In my estimation, not enough. Can we get out of here?
—Can you walk on your own, or do I have to carry you?
Sasha kicked sand in Harry’s direction and he laughed.
—In these parts I don’t think that’s how the women treat their men. Come on, it’s time.
Sasha picked up a discarded AK and a second magazine. She shook the sand out of both before she followed Harry to the technical. Meeka took them a hundred meters before Sasha instructed her to stop.
—We cannot, missus Harry. We have to go from this place.
—What about the others? Are we going to leave them there?
Harry nodded to Meeka. She kept busy at the wheel, grinding gears and taking them away from the prison brothel.
—Meeka is right. We have to look after ourselves first. Stop for only a minute. There is something I need to do.
Harry exited the cab of the technical and reached into the back. He came up with an RPG, filled the tube, aimed, and fired. In seconds aluminum and sand settled in a huge cloud of dirt and dust.
—My responsibility is to you and to Meeka and her mother. Do you want to pile on more? We need to get out of here. There’s a truck behind the trailer. It’s free for the taking.
—Since you put it that way—
She hesitated before continuing.
—I was scared I wouldn’t see you ever again. What the hell took so long?
—After Ali's death, Eloria disappeared. She left Meeka with me. It wouldn’t surprise me if she left a trail of bodies on the way to the brothel attempting to avenge his killing. It took us a while to find a truck. When we did, we wandered our way here.
—You got lost?
—More like momentarily displaced. The faster we get away, the less we have to deal with it and the better off we’ll all be.
—What’s the plan?
—Where have I heard that before?
—Meeka, Harry isn’t so good at making a plan. What do you think?
Meeka already knew what she wanted.
—I would like to look for my father now.
Harry didn’t hesitate.
—If that’s what Meeka wants, who am I to hold her back?
Harry hummed an old song. Sasha recognized it and hummed along with him.


Sasha rode shotgun beside Meeka in the technical while Harry stood guard in the back with the 50. She kept a studied eye on the girl as she maneuvered the vehicle. How a ten-year-old could do it standing up the way she did was foremost on her mind. The girl had trouble keeping the thing moving without jack-rabbiting down the streets.
—Meeka can really handle this thing, Harry. Who do you think showed her how to do it?
—Why don’t you ask her?
The girl looked across at Sasha.
—My own mother showed me to do it.
Tears streamed down the little girl’s face as she smiled through a look of pride at Sasha’s compliment.
—We are going to Ali’s house on the long way. It will be dark when we arrive.
—How’s your AK, Sasha?
—Full of sand.
—No problem. They’re reliable that way. Sand. Dust. Mud. Water. Nothing stops an AK. That’s why they’re the weapon of choice in these parts. That, and they’re cheap and widely available.
—Yeah. I remember you telling me about that reliability a long time ago. And the rest is thanks to you.
Harry ignored Sasha’s dig.
—You’re doing good, Meeka.
Ali’s compound came into view. Meeka released the clutch and brought the technical to a shuddering halt in front. No light escaped the windows. Harry got out, but he could make out nothing of value in the dark.
—I didn’t think there would be anyone. What’s our situation with munitions?
He contemplated going in to look for ammunition.
—I’ve got two partial mags.
Sasha wasn’t satisfied. She wanted there to be more. She had grown accustomed to handling the rifle over the years, despite all her objections. After Harry taught her how to use the AK on the Mexican Baja, it had proved to be a reliable weapon, even for her. That she had become accustomed to it surprised her even more.
—There’s one can for the 50 and a single round remaining for the RPG.
—I have this.
Meeka pulled back her jacket, revealing a shotgun. Sasha gasped, taken aback and unsure how to deal with a ten-year-old carrying a gun. Harry was quick to interject.
—Don’t let it worry you. There are children younger than Meeka who routinely walk around with AK-47s over their shoulders.
—I’ve seen pictures of those kids.
Sasha looked closer at the shotgun in the dim moonlight.
—I know it’s been a while, but doesn’t that look like Mike’s old sawed-off? Is it my imagination or just the poor light?
—You’re right. It is.
—How did it get here?
—Where do you think Mike got it the first time?
Sasha allowed her thoughts to go back to when she met the two men on the Baja.
—All of this is too much for me to take in right now. Let’s get out of here. You have a plan, right?
—Yes I do.
—Are you going to let us in on it, or are we back on the Baja?
—Woman, we’re divorced, remember? I don’t want any back talk.
—Mr. Harry, you told to me that you would marry missus Sasha.
The cat was out of the bag, thanks to Meeka.
—Oh Mr. Harry, you’re turning into such a romantic in the dark of night beneath the Southern Cross.
—I haven’t asked you yet, woman.
—There are no priests in Galkayo or Garowe. They are killed a long time.
—See? Listen to Meeka. That’s why I don’t have a ring for you.
Sasha suspected Meeka wasn’t the only one who hadn’t forgotten about her mother in the back of the truck. She reached for the girl, hugging her close.
—I am good now, missus Harry. Let us go.


Meeka’s mother. In the back of the technical. It was more than he wanted to deal with. It never once occurred to him it would end this way. He had figured on taking Eloria off of the continent with her daughter. Now he was rescuing the girl. He was rescuing Mike’s daughter.
One traded for the other.
In a way, he was thankful for that. He wouldn’t be presenting a woman Mike thought long dead. With Barbara—
Immediately, he felt guilty and shook off the thought. He hadn’t been able to save Eloria. He had her daughter. He had his wife. Mission accomplished, as far as it went. The only thing left was to make good an escape as fast as he could. He tossed it out—one idea at a time.
—We’re going to the airport. Can you take us there, Meeka?
Her reply was matter of fact.
—Yes. I know how to go there.
Meeka turned the technical around and headed towards their new destination. She found her way through the dark, deserted streets and alleys, illuminated only by the technical’s misaligned headlights.
—Meeka, can you pull over for a minute? There’s something I need to do.
Harry went around to the front and smashed the lights. He did the same to the brake lights. When he finished, he climbed up to the 50 mounted in the bed of the technical.
—Your young eyes are good to see in the dark. There’s no sense drawing attention to us if we don’t have to.
—Yes. The moon is good. No one will see.
Harry had his hopes pinned on Mike’s stolen Twin Otter still sitting unmolested and in one piece on the concrete pad where he left it. If they had shot it up, there would be no telling what shape it would be in.
In his mind, he was already running through images of leaking fuel tanks, failed electronics and engine damage from gunfire or worse. If the Twin wasn’t airworthy, for whatever reason, it would be a long truck ride to Djibouti to collect plane tickets home for three. He tried not to think about the phone call he’d have to make to Mike.
Sasha checked the two mags and racked the AK before putting on the safety. She called to Harry through the technical’s missing back window. Nervous, she tipped the magazine’s release, again and again.
—Do you think we’ll have trouble?
Harry recognized the sound for what it was.
—I’m hoping the strip will be unguarded. During daylight someone will punt an artillery shell or a mortar and get lucky when it lands close. Mostly, they’re misses. I’m counting on the plane being serviceable—if it hasn’t been looted.
—Dammit, Harry, we can’t make an overland trip in this thing. Isn’t Djibouti five hundred miles north of here? Probably longer by dirt road. And gas. We’ll need gas and water and food.
He didn’t tell her the road had been paved. He didn’t want to give hope when none was available.
—I know that. That’s why we’re headed to the airport. We’ll fuel up and be airborne in no time.
If only. His silent two-word prayer. The condition of the plane was a big if, and he’d be taking a chance. They’d have to wrestle with the fuel bowser and get it to the plane. If there were guards asleep in the outbuildings, they couldn’t alert them. Gunfire would sound the alarm for more of them to come to the airport to investigate the attackers.
Their chances were slim. Accept it and move on, he told himself.
—You’re used to refueling by now, woman. We’ll be out of there in no time. What’s the problem?
—There’s something else to think about.
He ran through everything. They had Meeka. Unfortunately, misfortune and a well-aimed bullet guaranteed that Meeka’s mother wouldn’t be making the trip. They had armament left over in case shooting started. With any luck there wouldn’t be a prolonged gun battle.
A quick DI would tell him if the plane was serviceable and capable of becoming airborne to take them to Djibouti. That the plane needed fuel was the problem. If they could get the fuel truck up to it without alerting anyone. Could there be a chance someone would be awake and paying attention?
What could go wrong? What did he have to think about beyond getting them airborne and on the way to Djibouti? The mental checklist was done. It was time to ask.
—What else is there to think about?


Sasha didn’t hesitate whenever she questioned Harry. She never did. It was one of the things he liked about her in these situations.
—I don’t like to be the bearer of sad tidings, but we have Eloria’s mother. Have you forgotten?
—Not likely.
—You have a plan, right?
—You betcha.
—Are you going to tell us, or are you going to put us even deeper in the dark in this hellhole in the middle of the night?
—Meeka, pull over for a little bit. I want to spank your missus Sasha.
—That is not good, Mr. Harry.
Harry’s grin was barely visible in the moonlight.
—Don’t you worry, Meeka. Your Aunt Sasha has an AK in her lap. And Mr. Harry, if you please, don’t be saying things like that when your god-daughter is within earshot. You could get more than a measly AK up your rear end.
Meeka looked at Sasha. She had talked back to Mr. Harry. She ignored it because it seemed to her as though it was expected.
—What is god-daughter?
There was no time to explain. Already Meeka was steering the technical onto the airport road. Harry instructed her to stop. He released his grip on the 50 and jumped from the back of the truck.
—Here’s the plan. Meeka, you’ll drive us to the fuel truck as quickly and quietly as you can. Sasha will get out and start it while I stand guard. If it goes well up to then, we’ll convoy to the plane.
The girl looked at him.
—Convoy?
—Yes. Convoy. It means we will drive the trucks together.
Sasha remained unconvinced.
—That’s too easy.
—Maybe. But it’s the best we’ve got. Meeka, this is important. You don’t have any lights, so you must watch out you don’t drive your truck into the airplane. If you do, it could break.
—I watch, Mr. Harry.
—Do not stop the technical past the plane or in front of it. We need a clear view of the buildings in case we cross paths with people who want to stop us.
If they were lucky, no one would have an RPG to launch up their asses while they were held up refueling. Once airborne, it would become a more serious matter.
—When I start the gas pump, Sasha will fuel the plane. I’ll stand guard with the 50.
—What are you leaving out, Harry?
He didn’t have a ready answer.
—It’s time.
Meeka made sure to circle away from the dilapidated buildings. She kept the engine as quiet as she could in order not to disturb anyone. Standing up to drive the truck didn’t make it any easier for her, even with Harry’s encouragement.
Sasha made for the fuel bowser and struggled to get the ancient truck started. The engine caught. She did a jack-rabbit start with the clutch, copying Meeka’s driving style.
The ancient fuel truck bounced and jerked and sloshed its way to the Twin Otter. She hit the brakes. Nothing happened. She twisted the wheel and let out the clutch and the bowser lurched to a stop a few feet from the wing. Fuel continued to slosh. The truck rocked back and forth.
—Good job. You’re learning. Another couple of trips over here and we’ll get her trained up in no time, right Meeka?
Meeka knew better than to agree with him.
—Mr. Harry, I think Sasha has carried a rifle over her shoulder before right now.
The girls clasped hands and Sasha did a dance around Meeka. Harry started the gasoline engine on the fuel bowser.
—I’ll be busy doing the DI. Keep an eye out in case anyone shows up to cause trouble.
57
Present Day - Northern Somalia


SASHA SQUEEZED THE NOZZLE to drain fuel onto the ground. The motion would wash out any sand and dust that had found its way inside.
—Harry, the fuel doesn’t smell right for a turbine engine. It’s hard to tell in this light, but it doesn't look right either.
He handed her the flashlight. She illuminated a patch of fuel already on the ground.
—It's pink.
—Don’t worry about it. Pink will do.
She uncapped the front tank and began fueling. Harry took the light and flashed it quickly over the Twin Otter’s exterior. It was the best he could do. He finished and returned to Meeka and held out his hand. The little girl took it in hers.
—I’m going to load Meeka in the right seat. When you’re done filling both tanks, climb aboard. Don’t forget your AK. Get the shovel from the fuel truck and bring it with you.
He lifted Meeka into the Twin Otter and led her by her hand to the seat in the cockpit. He bent over her and strapped her in. She looked at him the entire time.
—I know. I won’t forget your mother, sweetheart. I promise.
Reluctantly, he left the girl to go aft to load her mother's body before returning to join her in the cockpit. The girl’s eyes were big as saucers. They grew even bigger when he switched on the cockpit lights, overwhelming the moonlight streaming in through the windows.
—Is Sasha coming with us, Mr. Harry?
—Yes, Meeka. Your mother is with us, too. We’re all together.
He put a headset over her ears. She giggled when he spoke into it and heard his voice.
—Do you think you might like to leave out the Mr. and call me Harry?
She looked at him and nodded. She looked on in wonder as her eyes followed Harry’s hands moving over the switches and dials. With no time to pull out the checklist, he worked quickly from memory. When he finished, the start sequence was complete. He fired up number one.
Sasha completed the fueling. She capped the aft tank and checked that she had done the same for the front. She dropped the nozzle on the ground without shutting it off. Fuel gushed into the air. She climbed aboard and grabbed for the headset by the cargo door.
—Go! Go! Go now!
Harry eased in throttle and pushed on the rudder to keep the capable bush plane straight. The Twin Otter shuddered and rolled off the concrete pad, leaving the fuel bowser behind. Sasha stumbled and fell against the door frame, righted herself, and made a grab for the AK. She fired a burst into the fuel pooling on the ground. The bullets ricocheted into the fuel truck’s tank. Fuel spilled onto the ground. She fired another burst into the tank for good measure. The fuel ignited.
Engine draft from the powerful PT-6 fanned the exploding orange flames, forcing them towards the tanker truck. While Harry busied himself taxiing towards the end of the strip on one engine, he fired up number two. They were good to go. He addressed Sasha over the intercom.
—You better be strapped in back there.
He turned onto the strip and firewalled the throttles while reaching for the flaps. He dialed in and the Twin Otter bumped down the strip, not yet ready to limp into the air.
Sasha didn't dare tell him she was too busy. She struggled against the slipstream, fighting to close and lock the cargo door. Flaps adjusted, the Twin leaped into the air. Sasha succeeded with the door. She dived for a seat and struggled to fasten her seat belt. In that instant, Harry looked back. She smiled sweetly and gave him a thumbs up.
—You just got strapped in, didn't you?
She shrugged her response and he knew he was right.
—You're on board. That's all that matters.
Using moonlight, he kept the plane low until the orange flames disappeared from sight behind a hill. Sasha sighed into the headset. Finally.
—What was that, dear?
She leaned back, relaxing from the adrenalin rush that came when she had to force the cabin door closed. She pushed up against something soft. What the hell? She flipped on the cabin light for a better look and screamed into the intercom.
—Harry!
—Yes, my sweet?
—Don’t give me that my sweet shit. There’s a body back here.
—Yes, dear. It’s Meeka’s mother. How soon you forget. Did you remember the shovel?
At once regretted what she'd said, knowing Meeka had heard, too.
—I'm sorry, Meeka. Yes. We're all here.
Meeka looked across at Harry and nodded. In return, he grabbed the back of her neck and gave her a gentle shake before smiling down at her. For good measure he gave her a thumbs up.
—That’s my woman. Now relax. Find a seat belt, strap your butt down and enjoy the ride across the moonlit desert. Meeka, how are you doing?
Grinning still, she looked back at Harry and nodded.
—I’ll be busy here for a bit. It’s like when you were driving the technical all by yourself.
She nodded and turned away to look out the window at the desert passing beneath.
—How are you doing back there, my sweet?
—I’m good. Are we headed for Djibouti?
—We are. But first we’re on our way to a good place for Meeka’s mother to rest.
Meeka turned to Harry. She nodded.
—I would like that for my mother.
Harry thought he heard a sniffle over the intercom. It wasn’t Meeka.


Harry pulled back the throttles on the Twin Otter. The powerful engine whine decreased as it shuddered and slowed. Sasha listened over the intercom to Harry as he described the flap setting control to Meeka. He explained how to turn it in terms the girl could understand.
He finished and pointed to the numbers, and then called for her to set flaps ten. It sounded as though he’d be walking her through all the settings. Good. It would take the girl’s mind off what would happen when they landed.
—Have you got a spot, Harry?
—We’re headed for the road by the old campsite. Remember that?
—Oh I remember it all right. There should be a burned-out old Beech 18 and a pair of some guy’s shit-stained pants there somewhere.
—Well you’re just plain harsh, aren’t you?
—Who is the man with dirty underwear, Harry?
Finally. Meeka was over the mister part of his name.
—He was an old boyfriend of your Aunt Sasha’s. She sort of dumped him there after she shot the hell out of some pirates. The poor guy has probably never been the same since.
—Harry, this isn’t about me. It’s about Meeka now.
—I was only trying to lighten the atmosphere. Speaking of which, Meeka, you can set flaps twenty now.
Harry looked up to follow Meeka’s handiwork as she stretched in the seat to complete the job.
—That’s it, just like that. Easy, isn’t it?
He reached for her shoulder and squeezed his encouragement. When the Otter stabilized, he called flaps thirty and Meeka reached up again.
—That’s great, Meeka. Okay everyone, stay buckled up until I give the word. It will be a bumpy landing in the moonlight.
Sasha waited, knowing Harry would soon be throttling back to allow the Otter to mush onto the sand. Before she knew it, the Otter had kissed the ground with nary a bump, and Harry was busy working the throttles to position the plane in the opposite direction. She knew it would allow him to use the familiar ground over which they had just landed for the take-off.
The engines went quiet and he made them wait until the propellers windmilled to a standstill.
—Come, Meeka. It’s time.
He took her hand and walked with her to the cargo deck where Sasha waited.
—Meeka, I brought you here because it’s one of your father’s old places. It’s an old place for me and for Sasha, too. It’s quiet and peaceful and far from the roads.
He placed his hand on her shoulder and drew her close.
—There are many old trails. Camel caravans and nomads still pass by. The wind doesn’t blow too hard. The sands shift slowly. Sometimes, it will rain a little bit. When it does, beautiful flowers bloom and carpet the sands.
A flood of tears streamed down Meeka’s face as Harry described her mother’s final resting place.
—My mother will like it very much. I do like it also. I am glad you brought us here.
Sasha wiped away her own tears and hugged the girl.
—Come, Meeka. Let’s gather rocks to prepare your mother’s resting place.
Harry retrieved the shovel and began to dig a depression in the rock-strewn sand. When he finished, he carried Eloria, wrapped in the shroud, from the back of the plane. Sasha helped him place her gently in the opening. He collected her dog tags, but left the second behind. Old habits. The woman still had them after all these years.
He had a few old habits of his own.
—Meeka, your mother would want you to have this.
He handed her the metal tag, and together with Sasha, hugged the little girl.
—Take all the time you want. When you’re ready we’ll be at the plane.


Harry and Sasha watched over Meeka as she sat by her mother’s grave. They waited patiently.
—She’s a tough little thing.
—She had to be judging by what her mother put up with when she was raising her.
—All that's about to come to a crashing halt. I wonder how she’ll handle the change.
—Without too many problems, I hope. I’m getting attached to her just as you are.
Both knew it would be difficult for Meeka once they got her home. She’d be out of the environment she was most familiar with and dropped into one unknown and unfamiliar. Harry sighed, not wanting to contemplate the job Mike and Barbara would have on their hands.
—See if the sat phone is in the tail compartment. It’s time to check in.
Sasha retrieved the phone and dialed voice mail. There were half-a-dozen messages. She put the phone on speaker and played the last one first.
Barbara’s voice came over loud and clear. She wasn’t happy. By the time Sasha’s friend talked herself out and hung up she was sputtering into the phone. The bad sat link didn’t help.
—Well, I guess that’s that. If we want to get home, we’d better get it in gear or we’ll be off to Bamburi with the Twin to finish that job. We only have until noon. Can we make it, Harry?
—We’ll make it. Wait. What day is it? And when did that call come in?
—I lost count. I’ll call her and find out where they are, just in case.
—No, I’ll do it. You should be with Meeka.
Sasha joined the girl sitting beside her mother’s grave. She put her arm around her and pulled the little girl close. She trembled and Sasha hugged her tight, wanting her to know she wasn’t alone. She was uncomfortable interrupting the girl’s mourning. There wasn't a lot of time left to get airborne and en route to their rendezvous with Mike and Barbara.
Come to think of it, she was with Harry on that. There would be hell to pay with Barbara and Mike. Finally, Sasha couldn’t wait any longer.
—It’s time, Meeka.
She helped the girl place rocks over the sand covering her mother. They finished as the sun began rising over the horizon.
—I am ready.
She stood up and took Sasha’s hand.
—Would you like to sit with me for a bit? When you’re ready I’ll take you to the front to help Harry.
—Do you think he will be able to fly the plane without me?
She was touched by the girl's concern. Harry would be tickled pink to know.
—Maybe for a little. Let’s see how it goes. You climb into your seat beside mine. I’ll be there in a minute.
Sasha steadied the girl as she climbed into the back. Harry turned off the sat phone.
—What’s the word?
—They’re waiting. Same spot we took up the last time we rolled into Djibouti. And she’s spitting mad.
—If Barbara is angry at you, just imagine what Mike is feeling when he found out he had to do another trip overseas in the jet to bring us home.
—That's why she didn't pass the phone to him. He’ll change his mind when we show up with his daughter. Do you think he told Barbara?
—That’s not my business. You’d better not make it yours, either. If Barbara wants to tell you anything, she’ll do it. Otherwise, my advice would be to stay completely away from that part of the equation.
—You’re right. I just hope Mike and Barbara don’t have a lot of trouble taming the girl. I think she could turn out to be a handful.
—I’m not concerned with that. We’ll be paying this off until we’re dead.
—You think?
—Nah, it’s all good. Let’s go.
Harry worked his way through the full pre-takeoff checklist. He called to Meeka for flaps, forgetting she was in the back with Sasha. He made his announcement over the plane's PA.
—Clear for takeoff, ladies. Hang on. It will get a little bumpy rolling over the sand until we get airborne.
He dialed in JIB on the GPS and leveled out at ten thousand. Four hours later they were on final. Meeka occupied the seat beside Harry. He instructed her to dial in the flap setting one last time. His eyes followed her hand before he looked across at the girl. He patted her shoulder, smiled, and gave her a thumbs up.
—Perhaps one day you’ll have the seat I’m sitting in.
58
Present Day - Djibouti


THE TWIN OTTER TOUCHED DOWN smoothly under Harry’s capable hands. He taxied towards the jet parked in the familiar location.
Mike checked his watch.
—Not even noon. He made good time. He's ahead of his ETA.
—There’s no one in the other seat.
A worried Barbara squeezed Mike’s arm hard.
—Where’s Sasha? She’s not there.
At that moment, Harry turned the Otter. What remained of Sasha’s hair flew in the open cargo door’s slipstream. She grinned and waved.
—I am going to kill that woman. She won’t be grinning when I’m finished, either. What happened to her hair?
She released Mike’s arm and rubbed at him where her nails had been digging holes.
—That’s nothing. I had accounting send out a bill for use of the Twin. Wait until that shows up. They won’t be able to deny it, either. I included a photo one of my guys took that shows Sasha hanging out the cargo door in Bamburi.
—Harry will know you aren’t serious.
—Yes, he will. But I’ll enjoy knowing that for a glorious split second, I had him at my mercy.
The engines halted their whine as Harry cut the throttles. Everyone waited for the propellers to stop windmilling. On the jet, Barbara called to Christa. They walked down the airstair together and made for the Twin Otter. Mike called out a warning.
—Mind the propellers.
Sasha waved excitedly before hurrying up front for Meeka.
—Everyone is here, dear. It’s time for us to go.
Sasha jumped to the ground. Before she could reach for the girl, Barbara gripped her and hung on for dear life. With the women busy, Harry used the opportunity to introduce the girl to Mike. When she let go of Harry’s hand, Christa grabbed it and took it in her own.
—Who’s this?
—That’s your new friend. Her name is Meeka.
Christa looked from Harry to Mike and back, and then smiled at Meeka.
—Meeka? You look just like Mike. I’m Christa.
Meeka repeated the girl’s name. Christa turned to her mother.
—Mom? She says my name just like Ali did.
Meeka’s ears perked up.
—You know Ali? The Ali that I know?
—Yes. Ali saved us out in the desert.
—Ali saved me too, Christa. He saved Eloria my own mother also.
Satisfied, Christa looked around for her mother. She stayed close to Meeka. They had something in common after all. They held hands. This was all new to both of them.
—Barbara is probably lecturing her out of sight behind the plane. That’s all right, though. They’ll get everything straightened out before long. Let’s go see how they’re doing.
The two women stood toe-to-toe, locked in deep discussion. They both had their hands on their hips, and Harry could tell the stubborn wasn’t over yet. It didn’t seem to Harry that either was winning. Barbara giggled and he figured he’d better find out what the hell was going on if he knew what was good for him.
—Did I hear you right?
—What right?
—That you’re pregnant. When were you going to tell me?
—Well—
Harry yelled at Mike to get his ass in gear. When he showed up with Meeka and Christa, he pulled the ring out of his pocket and got down on one knee.
—Will you marry me? Again?
—And be Mrs. Delaney number two? I like the sound of that, notably because I was Mrs. Delaney number one.
Harry knew better than to let that slide.
—You know what they say about number two, don’t you?
—I think I’m about to find out.
—Number two tries harder.
—Yes, well, I’ll try to remember that about you when we have our first disagreement.
—Wait a minute. Is that a yes? How did I get to be number two?
—Yes.
Sasha left the second question unanswered. Mike shook his friend’s hand.
—I’m glad to see you’re trapped again, just like the rest of us.
Harry tried, but he couldn’t ignore Mike. His friend kept looking back and forth at his two planes, neither of which should be parked side-by-side on the tarmac in Djibouti. Finally, Mike gave in to allay Harry’s fear.
—Stop worrying. I brought a pilot over to get the Twin back into Kenya. Will you all please get out of the way so he can get moving? I need to start making money to pay for this flying circus.


Mike waited for the Twin Otter to depart before closing up the jet. He halted at the cockpit door.
—Is there anyone on board who knows how to fly? I need some help up here.
Harry grinned like a banshee and rose in his seat. Christa looked up at her dad and then at her mom.
—Is daddy going to go to work?
—Well, dear, some might call it work, but others—
—Now dear, I’m not giving up a chance to fly right seat in one of Mike’s jets, and you know it. And Christa, it’s very hard work. Just ask Meeka. She helped out on the Twin Otter to get us all here.
Harry walked up front to discover Mike already in the right seat.
—Excuse me, Captain, but—
—Everyone’s on board that’s getting on board, Harry. Take a seat and let’s get going before one of them changes their mind.
Mike walked Harry through the startup and taxied the jet to the button. He called back his clearance and settled back in the First Officer seat.
—You have control.
Harry advanced the throttles and Mike followed him through. He called out V1 and then V2 and they were airborne. As with their old-school training, both tapped the display screens, but it was more for show than anything else.
In back, a party atmosphere was starting to develop. Sasha had been forgiven. Rather than be angry, Barbara was intent on hearing the story of her adventure with Meeka and Harry.
—Even better than that, picture this. Harry had Meeka in the right seat on the Twin Otter. I think she’ll make a pretty good pilot if it turns out that’s what she wants to do.
—Christa, maybe you should take Meeka up to the cockpit and show her what her father and Harry actually do up there.
—I have seen it already. Mr. Harry wasn’t very busy. He made me do all the work.
The two women regarded the girl and began laughing.
—You’re right, Meeka. There’s always someone up front to do all the work while the other one rests.
The women high-fived.
—We are so going to be in trouble if they find out we said that.
—What’s with the we? You said it all by yourself.
Sasha noticed the bulge beneath Meeka's jacket. 
—Meeka, what's going on, honey? What are you hiding under your coat? Is it what I think it is?
—Yes.
—Can I have it?
—Yes. I have no need now.
Meeka took her jacket off. She unslung the shotgun from her shoulder and broke it to eject the shells. Barbara jumped out of her seat and hurried to the cockpit. She needed to bear the bad tidings in person.
Mike showed remarkable restraint. By now, he was accustomed to the antics of the women. It wasn’t like it hadn’t happened before. He sighed and resigned himself to the fact that Meeka would be just like the rest of them.
—He says to take it apart and put it in someone’s luggage. We're not to hide it anywhere in the plane. He could forfeit it for that. Shit. Here comes Harry.
—Don’t worry about it, ladies. Whose bag are you going to put it in?
—I’ll put it in mine, Harry. It's my fault. I don’t know what I’d do if Mike lost the plane on account of it. It never occurred to me to check her for anything like that.
—Well, we can’t fault Meeka. She didn’t know any better.
—But we should have known. Now it’s too late.
—It could be too late for Meeka, too. Barbara, we don’t have papers for the girl.
Sasha instructed Christa to take the girl to the cockpit. She didn’t want her overhearing their conversation.
—She can watch Mike do all the work while Harry twiddles his thumbs.
—The one thing I did before we left was to ransack your house for Christa’s old passport. Fortunately, in the mess I left behind, I found it.
—I wish it had occurred to me back in Djibouti. We could have picked up papers for anywhere in the world.
—What are we going to do?
—Brazen it out. Now go take off your bras and ice your nipples.
—Shit, Harry, I’ve been doing that for years and look what I ended up with.
She grinned.
—The intent isn’t to bring the immigration department home with you, sweetheart. It’s to encourage them to take eyes off the documents. And try not to distract your flight crew while you’re doing it.
—Harry, if there was any sand on this floor, my foot would be kicking it in your direction.
—I know, dear. That’s why I proposed to you on the tarmac. I’m going up front to twiddle my thumbs now. Be good back here.


Harry and Mike piloted the jet towards Naples for the requisite fuel stop needed to begin their trans-Atlantic flight. Mike set up for the approach before relinquishing the aircraft.
—You have control.
Mike looked across at his old friend in the jet’s Captain seat. Harry’s hands went to the throttles and Mike’s hands followed as standard practice.
—How does it feel?
—You’re trying to bribe me.
—Yes.
—Is that offer of a jet job still good?
—You know it, man.
—Good, because I’ve got some ideas.
—Hang on. You’ll be starting in a co-pilot position. If you don’t get bumped, you’ll make Captain in six months or so.
—You’re getting even for San Diego, aren’t you? Does that mean that you’ll be throwing the women to the curb, too?
—I was thinking a layover on the French Riviera would do those three women a world of good.
—You owe Barbara an explanation.
—I know. I’ll tell her the story behind the shotgun before we head home.
—If you don’t—
Harry had the jet lined up. Conversation halted and the plane touched down. The buckets came out, the jet slowed, and they made for the taxiway and the charter operator. The jet halted, the engines wound down, and the door opened followed by the airstair.
—Would you go back and check to see if those two women hid the weapons? Italian customs will take a dim view and I can’t afford to forfeit this airplane.
Sasha called to her daughter. She wanted to stretch her legs in advance of the five-hour flight across the Atlantic.
—Come on, Christa. We’re going for a walk. Meeka has to stay here.
She took her hand and they strolled across the tarmac in the warm sunlight. They picked up souvenirs from the charter operator’s office and walked back into Barbara’s crosshairs. The women had been friends for too long to hold anything back.
—You knew you were pregnant before you left, didn’t you?
She was forced to admit it. Barbara wasn’t about cutting her any slack.
—And you went anyway. I always knew you were nuts. You just confirmed it. What the hell is wrong with you, woman?
—I needed adventure in my dull life. Speaking of which, you’ll have an adventure of your own with Meeka a part of your family now.
—I know it. It will be a tough few months until things settle down. And with Mike being away a lot, you know where the burden will fall.
—Tell me something I don’t know about raising a child when the husband is always missing. I’m there for support if you need me, girl.
—I know you are. Thank you.
Sasha wanted to explain. Her friend deserved it.
—The thing is, I wasn’t about to let Harry go alone. Neither of us knew what we’d be getting into. Mike and Harry both believed Eloria to be dead. Harry didn’t know if it was her or someone pretending to be her. Ali didn’t tell us much on the phone. Then the woman called a second time. That and her accent convinced Harry it was the real deal.
—There’s no holding either of those two back once they make up their minds. Nothing ever goes smooth for the four of us, does it?
—No, it doesn’t. Speaking of which—
—Oh-oh. Now what?
—This is between the two of us.
—You’re swearing me to secrecy for a second time after what you just put me through?
Sasha ignored her protest.
—I thought I saw one of our old Baja friends showing just a little too much interest in the plane and who was on it.
—Meaning us.
—Yes.
Barbara’s jaw dropped.
—Are you sure? Is that even possible? You’d think they’d have forgotten about us by now. It’s been years since we were down there.
—They’re everywhere, Barbara. Who knows, someone might still be harboring a grudge. We took off with cash and carry, remember? In the process we broke a few hearts. And don’t forget, Harry and Mike weren’t innocent in all of it either.
—True. They had their own reasons for running up the Baja. I’m not gong to lose any sleep over it. I’m more concerned with Meeka and Mike.
—You’re right. It’s not the time to be worrying about it.
—Meeka sure looks like Mike, doesn’t she?
—Yes, she does. We always wanted children. I know you and Harry are here for us—when you aren’t getting yourself in trouble and dragging his ass all over the world to save yours.
—Well, all right. But this is the last time, I swear.
Up front, Harry received his clearance. The jet taxied onto the runway. Unseen by anyone on the plane, a man and a woman followed the departure with binoculars until it lifted off on its long journey home.
—Las drogas.
—Si. Canadá. El avión es registrado en Canadá.
###

More by P X Duke
Bank Robber Dames
This collection of short stories hits all the high spots-or the low spots, depending on one’s point of view. There’s a visit to a strip club off the 15 in Montana; an encounter with a hitch-hiker on the 10 in New Mexico; romancing a truck-driving sweetheart in a sleeper at a California truck stop; a smile from a reformed addict in North Dakota.

Fast Food Slow Waitress
A biker hits all the high spots (or the low spots, depending on your point of view). These short stories find him at a peeler bar off the 15 in Montana; encountering a hitch-hiker off the 10 in New Mexico; being sweet-talked by his landlady; romancing a truck-driving sweetheart in a sleeper at a California truck stop; flirting with a waitress in a restaurant in the high desert. This is an updated and revised version of First Time and other stories previously published.

Bad Girls
Frank Ross’s phone rarely rings when he’s on the road. When it does, he usually lets whoever is on the other end go to voice mail. This time it’s different, and after hanging up, he forces himself to ride three hundred miles out of his way in the dark of night to get to a woman asking for his help. After a walk through a truck stop populated by lot lizards and their customers, Frank learns the truth about the lost soul he is helping to locate.

Midnight at the Oasis
Frank Ross is headed down Mexico way, but first he must escape the high desert and the clutches of a sweet-talking, nimble little thing that has spun her web and led him down the road to good intentions gone bad. Following a trial by fire, Frank manages to get back on the road, but not before narrowly escaping a damsel in much distress when he refuses to take her along for the ride.

About the author

Peter Duke's gypsy spirit has taken him to some strange places in the world, but now he's content to limit his adventures to riding a motorcycle and whatever he might encounter when he's on the road. Consequently, he's worked in bike shops doing odd jobs from planning and putting on rides down Mexico way, taking care of computer networking and security, and to picking up and delivering motorcycles from the El Lay basin to Las Vegas, among other things.
It’s pretty boring stuff, isn’t it?
He's ridden over a lot of North America at one time or another from Canada to Mexico, and from Atlantic to Pacific. By far his favorite ride is up and down the length of the Baja Peninsula, where the people are friendly, the sun always shines and it’s warm in the winter.
Of everything that he has experienced in his all-too-brief life, Africa is perhaps the greatest enigma. It's a beautiful continent, rich in people, nature and resources, yet poor in all of those areas, too.
There are some missing years in there, but he likes to think a little mystery is good for the soul.


https://pxduke.com

author@pxduke.com

