Chapter 1
It was now only a matter of sneaking out of her bedroom window and crossing over to the thick, nearby tree branch without plunging to her death as she had the previous time.  Except now, Remy Cutler was afraid of heights, and there was the matter of waiting for the most favorable moment to present itself before actually doing so.
She glanced in the reflective glass so her eyes rested on her maid, currently fashioning her hair into a knot and wondered for the third time that minute just how much longer Beatrice would be.  She knew she could not leave just yet, but her anticipating nerves would not leave her be until later, until she finally left.
“There,” Beatrice murmured after what felt like just longer than an eternity.  “All finished.”  Her grey eyes met Remy’s in the mirror, a small smile on her face.  “My dear, allow me to say that you look absolutely beautiful.  Lord Huntington is very lucky, indeed.”
Remy forced a smile.  A small knot of guilt began to tickle her stomach and she had to avoid the maid by looking down to her fingers buried deeply in the folds of her dress.  She had not told anyone about her plan for fear of it being ruined, not even James, the stable boy and her closest friend.  Now she was beginning to feel the repercussions of such a pressing secret.  Though Remy had known Beatrice her entire life and though the old maid had practically raised Remy as her own, the young girl knew that if her maid found out what Remy was planning to do, Beatrice would not hesitate to tell the Cutlers in order to prevent such a thing from happening.  That did not mean, however, that Remy did not feel guilty about keeping such a thing from her maid, especially when Remy trusted the woman with practically everything else.
“Thank you, Bea,” Remy murmured, her eyes still on her hands.  “Might I have a moment to myself?  I feel as though I must collect my bearings.”
Beatrice placed a comforting hand on Remy’s shoulder.  “Of course, my dear,” she said, squeezing.  “But do not be long!  I am quite certain that Lord Huntington will be present at any moment!”
Another tight smile, but this time, Remy forced herself to look at her maid one last time.  She needed to memorize Beatrice – those grey eyes, round cheeks, graying dark hair that was always braided and wrapped into a bun on the top of her head, her rough hands, her tiny feet, her voluptuous figure – to ensure she would not forget her closest companion.  It would be one of the last times she ever saw Beatrice.
The knock on the door caused an uncontrollable shiver to slide down Remy’s spine and she threw a wary glance in the direction of the door.  Her mother had come to fetch her, surprisingly earlier than planned.
She should have escaped when she had had the chance.
Remy inhaled as deeply as she could, mentally preparing herself for the next few hours she would have to endure, dining both with her parents and her fiancé simultaneously.  Why her mother was adamant in escorting her to the dining room was not something Remy knew, though her mother had always been a bit eccentric.  As such, Remy had learned not to question the older woman’s spontaneous acts and simply condescended to whatever whims her mother chose to participate in.  While Remy was nothing short of mortified when these acts happened in public, apparently it was a characteristic that endeared Adrienne Daaé to her father.
Upon opening the door, Remy forced a tight smile onto her face.  Her mother looked nothing short of stunning (beauty also played a favorable role in ensnaring Earl Cutler), with her blonde hair swept up into curls and pinned to the back of her head, and her forest green eyes – the very eyes Remy had inherited from her – shining mischievously.
Mischievousness was not something Remy inherited; rather, she was adamant at the upkeep of society’s rules and etiquette; she learned good posture and strict organization; she was forced to remember things her mother tended to forget and her father was too busy to see too.  In essence, she was the perfect child for an upper class family.  Her only imperfection and one she could not change was the matter of her sex.
The only she disagreed on was the matter of her marriage.  Logically, she understood the benefits at looking at matrimony as a business transaction.  However, Remy could not fathom marrying for any other reason but love.  The notion was romantic, useless, and completely incomprehensible, but her own stubbornness – a trait she thanked her father for – would not allow her mind to overcome her heart.  She wished she could speak to her parents of her desires, but she thought the endeavor pointless as it was engrained in her mind at a young age that it was her duty as a daughter to marry the man they chose for her.  And duty was expected from her more than anything else.  As such, she endured and endured and endured…
In all honesty, Remy had no idea when she started to rebel.  When she was younger, she used to sneak out to her room to visit Charlie or James Henderson – a boy she was rather fond of but knew her parents would never approve of – but she understood that such scandalous visitations would cease once she grew older.
Then she died.
Death was unlike the way Remy imagined it would be.  Instead of an angel coming to lead her to Heaven or, God forbid, a fiery stairway descending towards That Place, she found herself on an island with other people of varying station, age, size, color, and creed.  Remy inquired as to where they were and what they were waiting for, since they all seemed to be staring at the unchanging horizon.  The only response besides “I haven’t a clue” was “The Transporter.”  Of course, this cryptic answer did nothing to ease her growing confusion.
In a manner of moments, a ship arrived and with that ship, a man who looked suspiciously piratical.  Handsome in a gruff sort of way, she grudgingly admitted, but piratical certainly.  Immediately and by no doing of hers, his eyes locked onto her person.  They were thoroughly brown in color, those eyes, with a warm, mischievous sparkle embedded in them, as though it had taken up permanent residence in his orbs.  They seemed more knowing than her mother’s, as though he had much more acquaintance of the world beyond what Adrienne Cutler could even imagine. 
Why he called to her and her alone to board his ship, she did not know, to this day.  Once on board, she noticed two other people standing on the deck, a female which surprised Remy, and a male.  Remy paid them no mind beyond a curious glance before turning her full attention to the mysterious stranger.  Upon hearing his explanation of her fate, she did the first thing she thought to do: run.  She did not know where she was going.  She could not explain why she chose to descend the nearby staircase and reach for the third door on the left.  Why not the first or the second or perhaps the lone doors on the right, she knew naught.  Once her fingers turned the knob to that third door, she threw herself inside…
…and somehow ended in her body, flat on her back, and in pain.  Remy paid no attention to the pain.  She forgot about her late-night rendezvous with James and though it took more time than her short patience would allow, she managed to re-climb the tree and plop into bed.  Immediately, she fell into a deep sleep; she had not yet even changed into her nightgown.  The only evidence of her brush with Death was a few scratches, a rather unseemly bruise on her posterior, a piercing ache her neck, a fear of heights, and an inexplicable rebellious streak.  Suddenly, duty was not as important to her as it was to her parents and marrying a man she had only met once and knew she did not love was unfathomable to her.  She had just reclaimed her life, her freedom, and she was not about to sacrifice that for anybody, let alone obligation.  Even if that meant doing the unthinkable by running away.
“Ah, Remy dear,” her mother said in her unmistakable French accent.  Her forest-green eyes immediately descended upon her daughter’s attire.  “Perhaps I shall speak to Beatrice about not dressing you in pale blue anymore.  I fear it does nothing for your complexion, which is a shame because it is such a lovely color and you have such a lovely complexion.  It is far too late or I would have you change into something more agreeable – perhaps a pale green – gown immediately.  However, if we are to make our dinner appointment with your father and Lord Huntington then we should not tarry longer for there is something I must show you beforehand.”  Her lips curled out into a smile.  “It is a surprise!”
Remy raised a single brow.  Her mother’s surprises ranged from something as desirable as a new bonnet to something superfluous as a riding mare to something random as a painting of a starry night.  Usually, they were not distributed for any reasons because she usually forgot important, traditional gift-giving dates, but they were given based on Adrienne’s whimsy.
“Actually, it is from your grandmére,” her mother amended, “but it is I who is presenting it to you.”
As her mother led her down the hall, Remy’s thoughts trailed over to her maternal grandmother, the woman she was named for.  Remy Daaé was as strict as her daughter was eccentric.  She was tall and slim and incredibly imposing.  The few times the Cutlers’ embarked on the long voyage to France, where Remy’s maternal grandparents lived, always caused her to break out in hives due to her nervousness at the prospect of being under her grandmother’s sharp scrutiny.  Her mother find this quite amusing while her father reminded Remy that she was perfect and there was no need to get into fits visiting family.
Of course, while young, Remy was not naïve enough to believe her father’s declaration of her perfection.  Not only was she his only child and most beloved daughter, Remy favored him physically over her mother.  Also, a compliment from her father, however sincere it was, was like water spewing from a fountain: rather easy to attain.
No, it was her mother (though, to be fair, Adrienne Cutler did give backhanded compliments quite frequently, which was more than Grandmére ever did) and her grandmother she sought approval from, and while Remy did try her hardest at impressing the old woman by donning the latest fashions in the appropriate colors, making certain her back was as straight as a book’s spine, and spoke with intelligence and humility at the same time.  This never inspired words of pride from the woman, and whenever the Cutler family took their leave – never too soon for Mr. Cutler – Remy internally scolded herself internally at needing approval from such a crabby woman.  The only reason that made sense to Remy for her incessant need for her grandmére’s sanction was their bonding of their name.  Apparently, it was one-sided since the woman was nothing but cold and critical to her granddaughter.
That all changed, as these things were wont to do, after Remy got engaged to a Lord.
Upon hearing of the news, the old woman sent Remy a message.  It was short and direct, much like Remy Daaé herself, and yet it everything Remy longed to hear in her seventeen years of life.  It simply stated ’Well done.’
It was unfortunate that it had come a little over two years too late.  Now that Remy had experienced Death in Its entirety, she no longer longed for her grandmére’s support, not when Remy understood there was so much more to live for.  Had she never danced that thin line between the living, the passing, and the dead and come back to life, she probably would have married Lord Huntington, bore him children, and been the perfect if somewhat saucy wife, especially after receiving her grandmother’s approval.
Now that Remy had what she long sought, she found that she did not want it anymore.  This caused her to pull away from the old woman which, ironically enough, caused Grandmére to suddenly fixate her attentions on Remy to the point of sending her this mysterious gift.
“Here,” her mother said, interrupting her thoughts and stopping so abruptly that Remy nearly ran into Adrienne.  With a flourish, her mother opened the doors to the room Remy had earlier learned she would be getting ready for her wedding in tomorrow.
The wedding that would not take place.
What could her grandmother possibly have gotten her that required in this particular room?
And then she saw it, plastered on a mannequin.
The dress.
She was no certain the immediate disdain she felt when she first laid eyes on it was because she loathed the design or because it represented everything now feared.  She would not allow herself to be trapped into something she could not escape, and donning that dress would be akin to donning a prison uniform.
It was a pale golden brown color, save for the large skirt, which was a blinding ivory.  The cut was square, and knowing her mother’s penchant for tight corsets, would reveal an ample amount of Remy’s considerable bust while simultaneously narrowing her waist.  Lace lined the cut, and while Remy was actually found of lace, this particular design was too frilly for her tastes.  The sleeves would mold to her shoulders and stop at her elbows, loosening into ruffles that would trail each arm.  The length of the dress was more than long with a sizable train at the end, and there was a floral pattern stitched into the material a shade darker than the pale gold outlined with real diamonds.  Remy suppressed a shiver; she absolutely detested any floral patterns in her clothes.  She pointedly ignored the matching slippers – these ones with heels – due to the fact that her practicing at being a lady produce superb results in everything she sought to master, except for walking in heels with the grace that should come with being a lady.
This abomination just proved how little her grandmére knew of her and, more than that, how little her mother thought of her to think that Remy would be delighted to wear it.  Thank goodness she never would.  If all went according to plan, she would be long gone before her wedding was to take place.
“Grandmére chose a good color for you, I think,” Remy’s mother put in, her eyes narrowing at the dress in order to take in any imperfection the material might be hiding somebody with a less trained eye would miss.  “We will not know, of course, until you try it on.”  She looked over at her daughter.  “Perhaps after supper?”
Remy hoped to escape after supper, truth be told.  Luckily, she was saved from having to answer thanks to the loud chimes of the grandfather clock located just outside the room, at the end of the long hallway.
“Oh my!” Adrienne exclaimed, placing her hand over her chest.  She always did have a flair for the dramatics.  “Supper.”  She shot another glance at her daughter.  “I fear we will be arriving late.  I am certain Lord Huntington will forgive us, though.  O well.  Lateness does offer us a chance to make an entrance, no?”
It took longer for Remy to acquiesce to her mother’s request.  Normally, her response would have been automatic, a response a proper lady would give.  She still answered appropriately, but there was a slight hesitation before she said anything.  It would seem her mother was too lost in her ever-changing thoughts to notice.  It was only when Remy said “We shall” that Adrienne acknowledged her daughter and proceeded to lead her out of the room and down the staircase.
As was expected, Lord Huntington was already present at the table.  Both Earl Cutler and Lord Huntington stood when the women entered – Remy was uncertain if this was the particular entrance her mother hoped to make – and the Lord pulled out a chair for Remy to sit in.  After both she and her fiancé were seated, the servants proceeded to bring out the first course of what would be a four-course meal.  The first course consisted of overly-salted soup (at Papa’s request) and various bread rolls.  Remy did not hesitate to grab two rolls, although she really should grab three just in case she was not too fond of the main dishes.
Her mother, seated at the end of the dining table, shot her daughter a reproving look over her wine glass that she was already sipping quite generously.  “Remy, do you think that, considering the importance of your figure tomorrow, it might be best to only have one roll.  Actually, perhaps no rolls will be best.”
The air suddenly tightened.  Remy’s father, as he was wont to do, ignored his wife’s comment by slurping a rather large spoonful of his soup.  Her fiancé, on the other hand, looked across the table at Remy with something she could not quite decipher written in his eyes.  “I think Remy will look beautiful tomorrow, whether she eats three rolls or three hundred,” he said.  “I am very lucky to share the rest of my life with you.”  This last sentence was directed at Remy and a small smile touched his lips.
Remy’s heart dropped into a big pile of guilt to the point where the organ was drenched in it.  Moments like this one made her wish she loved him or that there was a possibility she could eventually love him after their nuptials, as her parents had.  She knew, however, such things were not possible which made her wish she had never died.  If she had not, she would probably look at the marriage as what it was: a necessity for a girl of her station, and one she would have done her best at because not only was it her duty, but because Lord Huntington would make an excellent husband.  He was kind and respectful and handsome for a man well into his thirties with his short, auburn hair, clear blue eyes, and a healthy disposition.  He would certainly make any woman lucky to be with him.
She was just not that woman.
Her words caused her to look down at her plate, a flush tainting her ivory skin.  “I thank you sir,” she responded, uncharacteristically demure.
“Lord Huntington, do not be so humble!” her mother exclaimed, shooting her eyes at the man to her left.  “It is we who are lucky that you are marrying Remy, my daughter the luckiest of all.”
Mr. Cutler pressed his lips into a thin line, shooting his wife a glare.  He did not approve of flattery when it was unnecessary or incessant, but he particularly abhorred when one statement could be construed as both.  Adrienne forced a rather believable smile but she knew she had erred and reached for her wine glass.
Surprisingly, Remy found dinner to be over much too soon, despite her original hesitancy at attending in the first place.  Adamant as she was against her marriage, she knew that this moment would be the last memory she would have of her parents and fiancé.  So for the last few moments – before Lord Huntington took his leave, her father retired to his study to read up on current events, and her mother snuck out to her second-story balcony to sneak a smoke – she tried to paint a picture in her mind that would stay with her forever; the way her father would tap the side of his nose when he was perplexed about something, the way her mother wore bright red rogue at any time of day and how it normally stained her wine glasses, and the way, whenever Lord Huntington’s blue eyes rested upon her, he blatantly revealed his complete adoration for her.  She would never admit it, but she was afraid no one would look at her that way again.
When dinner did end, Remy insisted she see Lord Huntington to the door.  This obviously pleased her mother, who nodded her head in approval while her father was already halfway down the hall so he did not say in the matter.
The walk was silent but comfortable.  Remy wanted to say something, anything, to convey her regret at what was about to transpire, to wish him the best in life because he so deserved it.  But she did not have the words.  Instead, once they reached the front doors, Remy quickly reached out to touch his hand, wrapping her fingers around his own, and squeezed.  To say this shocked him was somewhat of an understatement, but he did not look displeased.  He looked at her rather curiously, but did not speak, recognizing there was something she wished to say.
All Remy could come up with was, “Thank you, Stybolt, for everything you have done for me and my family.”
Remy seemed to shock him to speechlessness due to her familiar use of his Christian name.  She did not have time to wait for him to reply, however, and after one last squeeze, she dropped his hand.  She left before he could say anything and headed up the stairs, away from her life as she knew it forever.  
Once Remy heard the door to her room click shut, she immediately locked the door.  She did not want anybody interrupting her escape.
Dinner had taken much longer than Remy had anticipated, and as such, she would be unable to change out of her pale blue gown and into more comfortable clothing that would blend better with the intended destination.  The only thing she could do was rid herself of the heavy skirt that would no doubt slow her down or aid in her untimely demise.  She would not be leaving her home through the front door; rather, she was planning to climb out her window to the oak tree and weasel her way down until her feet touched solid ground once more.  She knew from personal experience that heavy skirts proved deadly while descending this particular tree.
After grabbing a sack of shillings she had saved up and kept hidden especially for today, Remy slipped on an old pair of boots she wore while riding her family’s horses.  Now all that was left for her to do was to step through the windowsill and onto the tree branch.
The sack of money was tied around her waist, and without the impairment of the heavy skirt, she felt much lighter.  But that did not inspire Remy to leap out of her room just yet.
She had been in this exact place before, two years ago when she was fifteen.  The results of her action were thought to be permanent, in the sense that she had died and somehow had managed to escape death’s grasp with her life.  Remy had wanted to sneak out of her house in order to meet a boy she liked, a boy she knew her parents would never approve of.  But she never made that meeting because she had been transported to a completely different world, one where souls went to reach their final resting place.  Somehow, she managed to return home with a bump on her head and a long lecture from her father, but she refused to see that boy again and ignored the letters and trinkets he sent her in secret through Charlie.  Remy decided once she recovered from her ordeal to never risk her life for love again, no matter what.  
Her predicament had changed now.  Instead of rushing out to meet a boy, she was running away from one.  Though, Lord Huntington was really more of a man, was he not?  Never did she even think about attempting to escape through the window again, until her parents came to her and told her of the marriage they had arranged for her to the Lord.  While she had heard favorable things regarding the man, Remy had only met him twice in a year, including today.  He was cordial and polite, and was probably quite handsome when he was younger, but at thirty-eight, he was past his prime and past grasping any interest Remy might have had for him.  Certainly, he would make an ideal husband.  He was a Lord, after all, and was well-respected by the King.  He came from wealth and she would never go wanting for anything as long as she lived.  Her parents obviously approved of the marriage, and though they too were wealthy, they wanted to ensure their family’s survival by wedding their only child to the best suitable match.
Remy waited until the last minute to concoct her plan of escape only because she had hoped that the Lord would change his mind or her parents would change their mind or something would intervene and prevent the couple from marrying.  When Remy realized this was not to be the case, she had no choice but to hastily come up with some sort of plan to leave.  Her only regret was that she was unable to speak of it to Charlie.
Charlie was two years older than Remy and looked after her like he might look after a sister if he had one.  When they were children and society’s expectations were more relaxed, they constantly were together, eating and playing and getting dirty.  Remy had to admit that Charlie was probably the reason she did not act too spoiled, unlike other girls in her class.  He kept her grounded and taught her things her private tutors refused to teach, including geography, philosophy, and history, and encouraged her to read as much as she possibly could.  As they grew older, they were not permitted to see each other much, but Remy and Charlie would find some way to do so, even if it meant meeting in the kitchen for five minutes a day.  He was the closest thing to a brother she had and trusted him blindly.
In a way, Remy was almost glad she could not tell Charlie.  This way, he could not insist on coming with her and her parents could not blame him for encouraging her to leave them behind.  Therefore, they could not punish Charlie’s family, all of which worked for the Cutlers in some manner or another.  He would not approve of her going off by herself when something could happen to her, and she did not want the last time she spoke to him to be a lecture.
Once Remy made it down from the tree, she would have to leave the grounds without getting caught and then walk all the way to town without the aid of a carriage.  Even to her, it sounded daunting, impossible.  She had to at least try, however, no matter how terrifying the journey seemed to be.
All she had to do in order to begin was reach the tree branch from her windowsill.
Stepping up to it, her stomach was bombarded with butterflies with wings probably too big for their bodies, crashing into each other and Remy’s stomach.  She tried to tell herself not to look down, tried to focus her eyes on the thick trunk of the oak tree, but it did not help.  Her boot-clad toes were dangling off the edge of the sill, her fingers gripping the sides so hard her knuckles turned white.  Her heart beat began to increase and even though she was not sad, she felt the lids of her eyes begin to employ tears.
Why was she so scared?
Prior to her temporary death, she had never been afraid of heights.  In fact, climbing out of her window and shimmying down the tree was common practice, a way for her to see Charlie without being caught.  Yet now, she could not look down at the green grass and thick bushes without feeling her head spin.
Why did she ever think she would be able to make it out of her window?  
A knock on the door startled her, and Remy’s head snapped in its direction.
“Remy?” her mother’s voice, husky with smoke, inquired.  “Are you ready?  I would like you to try on the dress in order to ensure it fits you properly.”
“I shall be there in a minute,” Remy called.  She hoped her mother did not detect the shakiness of the sound.  All Remy could do was pray that the woman would not try to open the door.  Finding it locked would convince the her that something was, indeed, wrong.
It is now or never, she thought to herself.  Even if her mother found the door to be locked, Remy knew that she had mere seconds until somebody would be at her door with the key, ruining her plans.  She wanted to leave with no one the wiser.
Without even thinking, Remy turned back to face the tree and then raised her foot out until the sole of the boot was planted firmly on the branch.  Shifting her weight, she brought her other foot around until it stood by its opposite.
“Thank God!” she whispered to herself.
Remy knew her face had turned an uncomely shade of red and one lone tear had fallen down her face, but she had to keep going.  As gracefully as she could muster, she dashed over to the trunk, the branch dipping down and up with each step Remy took.  Somehow, she managed to make it safely there.
Now for the easy part.  She gripped the trunk in her hands, and in seconds, squirmed down the tree, her booted feet landing with a plop on the grass.  Her feet prickled due to the hard landing, but she regained her balance and pressed forward, running across the deserted front lawn.  There were a couple of guards surveying the front, but not enough to notice her singular frame.  Remy managed to sneak by the two with relative ease.
She quickly walked across the field.  Despite her decidedly unladylike actions, her muscles tensed, preventing her from running just yet.  A lady never ran, and always kept good posture if she did.  She made it to the black iron gates that kept unwanted visitors out, and without a backward glance, slipped through the bars with ease.
She was free.  Finally free.
Now all that was left to do was get to down where the docks were located.
She was almost there.  She was almost gone.
She descended the gentle slope of the hill Remy had lived on and proceeded to make her way through the town.  People selling a variety of things – including particular services targeting men of all ages – tried to get her to buy the various goods and services they were selling, but Remy paid them no mind.  Luckily, they did not seem to recognize her and moved on to their next potential customer.
She was so close.  She could smell the salt in the air.
The prospect of actually having to work in order to earn money and pay for necessities was not a pleasant thought, especially when Remy had never lifted a finger to labor over something in her entire life.  However, she placed her faith in herself, that things would all work out in her favor, and perhaps labor was not as dire as she had once considered.  Perhaps she would not have to work at all.
When she reached her final destination, she felt herself stall.  Remy turned, glancing at the familiar town, and then picked her eyes up.  She could not see her home from where she was, but she could point out the hill it rested on.
Please, Remy, do not cry, she thought, and blinked back the threatening tears.  This is the right thing, you know.
Remy turned back towards the ocean.  She was here.  She made it.
It was surprisingly easy for Remy to make her way onto the ship, and even more so to go below deck and into the storage area.  She had been studying the design of trade ships as thoroughly as she possibly could the past fortnight and wanted to have the intricate pieces that made up a vessel memorized so she would not waste time wandering around.  She knew that the sailors had just restocked on supplies, and there would be no need to fetch anything down here until well into the night, and by that time, Remy hoped to find a better hiding place until the ship reached its next destination, wherever that might be.  Now she knew where the food and drink were kept so she would not starve to death if they would be at sea for a while.
Remy managed to find a place close to the entranceway with a view of anyone who might happen to walk into the room while also keeping her hidden from view.  It was not as comfortable as she hoped it would be, but she supposed that her freedom was worth more to her than a relaxing sitting place and a warm fire.  She was suddenly exhausted, could now clearly feel her heart hammering away at her chest as though it was trying to break free.  She could not sleep, could not fully relax until she knew she was safe with absolute certainty.  Her ears picked up the sounds of the sailors, walking and grunting, shouting and moving objects Remy could only guess at.  The staircase that led to the storage area was near where she was, and as such, she would be able to hear if anyone were to come down.
They would not.  They had no reason to…  Right?
Remy gulped.  She pulled her bent knees up to her chest and wrapped her arms around them, holding them as tightly as she could.  She wanted to make herself smaller, just in case.
Perhaps this was not such a good idea.  What if they caught her?  What would they do to her?  How stupid could she have been, to not think this through more?  Marriage was preferable over death, was it not?  Would she rather die free – even if her freedom lasted minutes – or live a kept woman?
Remy was only seventeen years of age!  She should not be contemplating something as morbid as death.
Then again, she was not like other girls, in that others girls probably had never died and then come back to life.
When would the ship leave?  What was the crew waiting for, exactly?
How long had she been here?  It certainly felt like forever.
Remy was finally able to relax when she felt the telltale lurch of the ship moving through the water.  Maybe soon she could rid herself of the constraining corset, but for right now, she was content to bury herself deep into Will’s coat and allow slumber to take her.
“Wake up!”
Remy’s eyes snapped open.
She had no idea how long she was out or where the ship was currently, but she immediately knew that her hiding place was not as isolated as she had previously thought.
Black, beady eyes of a short, squat man who appeared to need a bath and breath that reeked of decay narrowed.  She gulped.
This new turn of events did not look promising.
“’ho be you?” he asked in barely recognizable English.  .“We don’t take kindly to stowaways, missies or not.” 
He gave her a long look, starting at the tips of her boots to the top of her head before resting his yellow-tinted eyes to a place on the wall, to her left.  Remy could not help but look behind her due to the intensity of his stare, but found that nothing was there.
Odd.
Remy turned back to regard the man and opened her mouth, but no sound came out. Her throat felt dry.  She desperately needed something to drink.
“I says, ‘ho be you?’” he asked.  Before Remy could reply, he slapped her with the back of his hand.
A sweet taste of metal began to taint the inside of her mouth, and her head reeled from the pain.
“Ye realize the captain’s gonna to gut ye like a fish, don’t ye?” he continued.
Goodness.  This was not at all going the way Remy had planned.  Though the best scenario would have been her presence never being discovered, she knew that it was unlikely such a thing would have happened.  However, she had hoped that the crew and the captain might be a little friendlier to her since she was a young woman and had done nothing to cause anyone harm.  All she needed was a lift to the next port.  She had money to pay them, after all.
“I ‘ave a idea,” he said, look back to the spot on the wall.  “Instead of handin’ her ter the captain right away, why don’t we ‘ave some fun wit’ her?  No one will be looking for us for a while.”
Remy furrowed her brow as her heart beat overtook the heavy silence.  Who, exactly, was he speaking to?
Any memory of pain vanished as his words sunk in.  Remy might not have been experienced, but she knew what they meant when they said they were going to have fun with her.
Her fear came rushing back to her and before she knew it, she socked the man in the face.  Pain immediately shot through her hand and she released a whimper.  Charlie never told her to expect her own pain when trying to inflict some on somebody else as he taught her how to fight.
The brute looked surprised and said, “Yer gonna to pay for that.”  He reached out his arm and Remy flinched, closing her eyes.  Her body tightened, preparing for the attack she knew was bound to come.
Except it never did.
A strong arm wrapped around her waist, and before she knew what was happening, Remy was gone from the ship she had stowed away on, and instead, was brought to another one.  A familiar one.  A ship she had never thought she would see again until she was old and decrepit.
It was the same ship she had been on after dying the first time.  
Chapter 2  
Perhaps she had died again.  Yes, that was probably the case.  Although, she did expect to feel some pain from the attack.  Certainly the sailor looked as though he wanted to inflict pain on her; but she felt nothing.
Remy looked down at herself.  She was still in the white corset, the corset was still keeping everything narrowed and in place.  Her hands were not bruised, her stomach was not pooling out blood, she still had all of her toes, and there was an arm still wrapped around her midsection.
“Oh no, not her again.”
Her eyes snapped up to find a familiar man walking towards her, momentarily distracting her from the fact that someone was holding on to her.  He was still surprisingly tall, standing two or three inches over six feet.  Though the sun was out and normally bronzed peach-colored skin, it seemed to turn his skin pink which caused any intimidation his height might have granted him to disappear.  He had short, dirty blond hair that was pushed up, away from his face.  His high forehead and pointed nose marred his otherwise handsome appearance.  Remy believed that many girls she knew would instantly spring at the chance to be betrothed to him, had he come from a respectable and wealthy family.  But it was apparent that he did not, considering his choice in attire.  With a strong frame and broad shoulders, he wore his dirty clothes with a certain amount of pride – or something resembling pride from Remy’s perspective – as he stopped directly in front of her and whoever it was that was holding her.
“What is she doing here, Captain?”  The man acknowledged his superior with a somewhat condescending tone inflected on the last word, but his dark blue eyes demanded some sort of explanation.
As did Remy.
She grabbed the hand holding onto her and stepped out of his grasp before taking a couple of steps back.  She needed to see him for herself, to see if it was true, if she really had died.  From the corner of her eye, Remy noticed three more people make their way onto the deck of the ship – two women, one of which was also familiar, and one man, as tall as the one currently standing in front of her.
“Really, this is all her fault,” the captain said.
It was really him.  The man – captain – who controlled this ship.  The ship that led souls to their final destination.  He still looked the same, though two years rarely ever changed anybody.  Unlike the other males that composed his small crew, he was short, probably barely reaching under six feet, but there was something about his presence that commanded attention.  Remy was not certain if it was his tan skin, his dark brown eyes nearly matching the color of his pupils, or the charming smile that revealed two gold teeth in place of his upper canines.  He also had short hair, but his was dark brown in color, and fell into his face quite messily.  His face was angled, his cheekbones high.  His attire was unkempt, matching those of his crew, but clung a bit tighter to his body probably because he had more muscle than the tall man.  A worn, tri-corn hat sat on his head, revealing his role aboard the ship, and a red bandana was wrapped around his right boot.  A piece of lace was tied around his right wrist, and as astonishing as it sounded, it actually looked familiar to her.  Why it was there in the first place, Remy could not say, but certainly the outfit was unique and reeked of piracy.
She realized that he had tilted his head in her direction, actually possessing the audacity to blame her for this particular situation they found themselves in.
“Excuse me?” she said.  Nearly shrieked was more like it, but ladies did not shriek, and even though Remy was far from home, she was still a lady.
“Yes, Captain,” the familiar man said, crossing his arms over his chest and cocking his head.  “How, exactly, is this her fault?”
“You see, it’s a long story,” he drawled, employing his right hand in order to emphasize his point that he had yet to make, “but the lass here found herself in a bit of a tiff, and if it wasn’t for me, her body would be sinking down to the depths of Davy Jones’ Locker.”
Remy felt herself swallow.  It still had yet to dawn on her that this man, however audacious he was, saved her life.
“Would explain the bruise starting to form on her face,” one of the women said, pointing to Remy’s throbbing cheek.  “I should probably get something for it.”
“Not now,” the first man snapped, probably harsher than he had intended given the wince that touched his face for a second before leaving as fast as it had come.  Remy watched and he clenched his jaw and then continued, “Our Captain Grey was just about to inform us why he felt the need to travel to another world simply to save one girl – albeit one we have met before – from certain death.”
“”What?” the man who had not yet spoken asked in a gravelly voice.  “How’s that even possible that she has been here before?”
Of course!  How could she have not thought about it before?
Before her rescuer could address the question, Remy raced across the deck until she reached a set of stairs that led below deck.  Remy hitched up her skirt in her hands, racing down the stairs two at a time.  She was thankful once more she had the mind to wear boots rather than those dreadful heels.  Had she not, she was positive she would have tripped or fallen numerous times before now.
She reached a dark, narrow hallway.  Keeping the momentum, Remy jogged down the hall until she reached the third door on the left.  This was the one, was it not?
Remy grabbed the doorknob and turned, expecting the door to open.
It didn’t.  The door was locked.
“Learned my lesson, thanks to you,” the captain’s low voice said from behind her.
Remy turned, frowning.  “How am I supposed to go back then?” she asked, crossing her arms over her chest.
“I suppose you’ll have to solve that riddle for yourself, darling,” he answered in a breezy voice, “because it is no concern of mine.”
Well, if this particular exit was locked, it would reason that there was another one that was opened.  She chewed her bottom lip as her mind began to work, trying to come up with an idea of where the new exit might be.  Perhaps this place was much like a dream world, where in order to wake up one must be faced with pain or something especially frightening.
“Yes,” she murmured to herself before running back towards the staircase.
“What?” she heard him call after her.
She ignored the man.  She had an idea that she needed to work out and could not be distracted anymore.
Remy dashed around the group of people still collected on the deck until she reached the side of the ship.  She pulled herself up and was about to throw herself into the water – maybe the pain or cold of hitting the water would send her back home – when someone grabbed her wrist and yanked her back so she stumbled rather ungracefully down on the deck.
“I wouldn’t be doing that if I were you, missy,” the captain said from beside her.
Remy glared at him.  How dare he?  Since he was not offering any sort of solution to her problem, she expected him to allow her to come up with one by herself and then put that solution into action.  Not stopping her from doing that!  He reminded her of an annoying fly that was constantly buzzing in her ear, and it did not matter how much she tried to wave him away, he flew back, buzzing even louder than previously.
“And why,” she asked in a tight voice, trying to maintain some sort of control over her patience, “would I not want to be doing that?”
Remy noticed the dry look now touching the captain’s features at her slight mocking tone, his eyelids at half mast.
“Why don’t you look before you leap?” he suggested, and leaned over the side of the ship.  Remy frowned but followed suit.  “Does that look like normal water?”
Remy followed his long finger with her eyes and she could not help a small gasp.  The ocean resembled the Caribbean superbly – it was a clear, crystal blue that was transparent all the way down to nearly the bottom.  It looked warm and refreshing, the perfect place to cool down during a hot summer day.  Defacing the appearance of the familiar ocean though were things in the water, slivery, wispy things that Remy could not explain.  She had never seen anything quite like them before, but there were many of them swimming along in the wake of the ship.
“What are they?” she asked in a hushed voice, her eyes still lingering on the translucent forms.
“Souls,” was the captain’s curt reply.
Souls.
“And if you were to jump off the ship and into soul-infested water, your own soul would be lost forever,” he finished.  His voice lacked any of the playfulness it normally occupied.
Remy turned in order to face him, looking for the only answer she cared about in his dark eyes.  “Am I dead?”
“You are not dead.”
Though she knew the four members of his crew were standing just off to the side, Remy’s only focus was him.  He was the captain and, as such, would probably have the most knowledge about this world, about where she was, and most importantly, why she was here.
She decided to be direct.
“Why am I here?”
“You are here because I saved your life,” he said.  “Did you even possibly consider that your plan of escaping your arranged marriage by stowing away on a ship you know naught of was daft, to say the least?  That there was a good chance injury would come to you since you lack any knowledge of defending yourself?  That yes, even you, the lone Cutler child with a grand inheritance could die?  Hmm?”
“I do not need a lecture!” Remy snapped.  “Do you not think I already feel stupid?  My own ignorance has become apparent, thank you very much.  And I must say, I barely know you.  How do have all of this information on me?  And why are you so angry with me?”
“I am Captain Nicholas Grey and I know everything,” he said in a commanding voice, his hands on his hips.  “I am angry because you believe that the world is constantly working in your favor.  Not only do you decide to sneak out your window but your manner of getting off the island is to hitch a ride with men you do not even know.  Your death or injury did not cross your mind once.  Am I correct?  Your world does not revolve around you, missy.  You should appreciate your life more.  And I know all of this information because it’s not every day that a woman – nay, a girl – escapes the clutches of death.”
Remy clenched her jaw, once again trying to keep a hold of her temper.  She felt hot tears sting her eyes and blur her vision, but she refused to cry in front of him, witnessed by all.  She knew that everything Captain Grey told her was true.  She should have taken into consideration that in all probability, her plan would not be as black and white as she had believed.  But that gave him no right to assume he could talk to her as though he knew her, as though he held some sort of authority over her.  She was a Cutler after all, and the man before her looked nothing short of a pirate.
“Who do you think you are?” she asked him.
“Who do you think ferries the bloody souls, hmm?” the captain asked, bending his neck so he could look at Remy levelly in the eye.  His pointed nose was nearly brushing the tip of her own and she could feel his breath invade the front of her neck.  She was so enraptured by the closeness between the two that she did not even flinch when the swearword left his mouth.  In fact, dare she admit that the way his lips formed around said word was actually attractive?  “Who do you think is in charge of ensuring that souls reach their final resting place without incident?  Why do you think you came to me, to my ship, when you died the first time?”
“You said I was not dead.”
Captain Grey growled through a sigh as he abruptly backed away from her frame, obviously frustrated with her.  “That is all you’re worried about?” he asked.  “Your own life?”
“I do apologize but was it not you who suggested I appreciate it more?” Remy asked, raising her brow.
There was a smothered though feminine chuckle just off to the side, but neither Remy nor the captain paid whomever it was any mind.
“For the last time, you are not dead,” he said in a low voice, sending chills throughout Remy’s body.  “Place your hand over your heart.  You will feel it beat.”
Remy still was unsure, but did as he suggested.  There, drumming underneath her flat palm, was her heart beat, faster than normal, but still there, pumping life throughout her body.  When she was satisfied, she dropped her hand and regarded him warily.  “Are you alive?” she asked.
“Yes.”  He motioned to the people listening intently to their conversation.  “They are not.”
“Then why can I see them?” Remy asked.  “Why do they resemble human beings and not spirits?  Why are they on your ship and not in the water?”
“Which question would you like me to answer first?”  At Remy’s look, Captain Grey went on.  “You can see them, because in the Underworld, not all people are dead.  Killed in your world, yes, but that does not translate to death here.  You are not dead until you reach your final resting place.  Some souls are more ready to move on than others.  They resemble humans because souls that are not ready to pass on but have died retain the shape they had in life.  Souls who are ready have no need for their physical forms, and instead, shed their body until their soul is left.  They are on my ship because they are a part of my crew.  Each one agreed to assist me in my task because I cannot keep this ship afloat by myself.  Obviously they are not ready to pass on and before you ask me why, let me tell you that it is not my business to say and not your business to know.”
Remy allowed a small bout of silence to encompass her as she took in what he said.  With each word, his voice was less restrained until it returned to normal and he did not sound as upset.  It made Remy tread cautiously with her next question.  “Why are you here then?  If you are, in fact, alive?”
Another smothered giggle pierced the silence.  This time, Remy looked to see who it was coming from and found that it was from the woman standing next to the man with the dirty blond hair.  Well, Remy was not happy about it either.
“That is neither here nor there,” he said quickly.
Remy opened her mouth, ready to press Nick for more information regarding his origin as a soul tender?  A ferry?  She was not sure the title he used save for Captain.  Upon further thought, however, she closed it.
“Well,” she said, smiling.  Really, how could she have not thought of this before now?  It was more commonsensical than the first idea.  “Thank you for everything.  For saving my life.  For telling me all you could about this place.  The Underworld, was it?  But I really must be returning home now.  Like you, I have learned my lesson and promise to be more careful and will not be running away anytime soon.  So.”
Captain Grey blinked once, twice, and then furrowed his brow.  “So… what?”
“You can take me home now.”  She looked up at him with big eyes.  
Instead of going on their merry way, he threw his head back and laughed so his captain’s hat nearly slipped off his head.  Remy felt her teeth grind together as she narrowed her eyes at him once again.
“And what, pray tell, is so funny?” she asked in a tight voice as she tilted her head up in order to look down her nose at him.
“Do you honestly think I can wave my hands and – poof! – deliver back to your world?” he asked her through his laughter.
“Seeing as how you brought me here with your hands, I find it logical to assume you can take me back home,” Remy said, feeling her patience begin to waver.
Suddenly, the captain looked sheepish.  “Yeah, about that…”  He looked away for a moment before back at Remy.  “I technically should not have been able to do that.”  He shrugged his rather broad shoulders.
“What?” Remy asked.  Again, she was a proper young woman and did not allow her voice to break the proper octave.
“You see, I can travel to earth and back whenever I feel the need to,” he continued.  “I can also keep track of what happens on earth thanks to a special glass ball” – he stopped himself and grinned. Remy could not deny that this particular facial inflection was not unattractive.  “But enough about that.  Just because I can travel between the two worlds, does not mean I can kill any living being nor can I transport them from one world to the other.”
“That still does not explain why I am here.”
“I have no other explanation but that one.”  He glanced over at his crew and with a subtle nod, beckoned them over.  “Since you’ll be staying here for a length of time, you best get to know the crew.  I am obviously the captain of this vessel, you may address me as Captain Nick.  That man over there” – he pointed to the tall, angry man from before – “is my quartermaster Edward Steel.  The woman who had a troubling time at keeping her laughter in check and keeps count of the supplies is Adele Fowler.  The man next to her with the incredibly blue eyes is our physician, Calum Hall, and next to him is his assistant, Giselle Thomas.  Ladies and gents, this here is” – again he stopped himself, but this time to look at Remy.  “What was your name, darling?”
“Not darling, that is certain,” Remy said with a roll of her eyes.  “My name is Remy Cutler, of Port George.”
“Yes, yes, Remy Cutler from Port George,” Captain Nick said, nodding his head repeatedly.  “Giselle, love, why don’t you give our newest recruit a tour of the ship?  Possibly check her cheek while you’re at it?”
Giselle stepped forward, but before Remy left with the blonde woman, she turned back to Nick.  “I will be leaving soon,” she said with determination.
“Sure you will,” he said.  “Even so, you should see where you’ll be sleeping, darling, just in case another one of your plans doesn’t pan out.”








Chapter 3  
“I probably should apologize for Captain Grey,” Giselle said once the two were out of earshot.  “He does have a way for getting under the skin, and not in a good way.”  She offered Remy a warm smile that Remy attempted to return but could only muster a grimace.
She was stuck here.  For an indefinite amount of time.
Giselle seemed sweet though.  She had straight wheat colored hair that she tied back with a piece of black ribbon so strands ceased to litter her face.  Her stormy grey eyes seemed to hold a strange feeling of friendliness in them, despite the dreary color.  Her skin was porcelain, much like Remy’s own, despite being on a ship that sailed to and from a destination on an ocean underneath the hot sun.  There was a slight indentation on Giselle’s chin, rounding out the soft angles of her heart shaped face.  She was slender, much more slender than the females Remy had interacted with on a constant basis, but it did not deter from her obvious beauty.  The young woman was short, two or three inches shorter than Remy herself.  She was clothed in brown pantaloons and a blue tunic.  It surprised Remy to see that her attire, like the men’s, were filled with dirt and holes and looked old, as though wearing this particular outfit was consistent rather than every now and then.  Surely as a woman, this had to bother Giselle.  She could not possibly be proud of the way she looked.
“Forgive me for asking,” Remy said as she followed the shorter woman, “but should you not wash your clothes?  They look rather… dirty.”  Remy was not sure if she had chosen the correct word that aptly described what she saw, but it was most certainly the least offensive.
She watched as a light pink blush took over Giselle’s delicate features.  “I must apologize for my appearance,” she said.  Giselle stopped at the top of the stairs so she could look at Remy without craning her neck.  “We weren’t expecting any visitors and these were the only clean clothes I could find, believe it or not.”
Remy did not actually believe it.  Did they not have someone to wash their clothes for them?  Or, if Giselle was not lying and all of her clothes were dirty, could the crew not stop at a nearby shop and buy some new ones?
“Is appearance not important on a ship?”  Remy knew the question was rude, but she could not think of a better way to ask it.  
Instead of snapping or criticizing her – as Remy had no doubt Captain Nick would had he been the recipient of her questions – Giselle smiled.  “No,” she said, shaking her head.  “Not here.  It’s actually quite liberating, you see.  Nobody cares if your clothes have wrinkles or stains on them, nobody cares if your hair isn’t combed, and nobody really cares if you smell.  The only thing that matters is that you do what you’re required to do, and you do it well and in a timely fashion.  Looks aren’t important here.”
“Because you have all died?”  The question was out of Remy’s mouth before she could stop herself, and even she felt as though she had crossed the line.
However, Giselle still looked passive.  She obviously possessed more patience than Remy could ever hope to have.
“I suppose that’s one way of looking at it,” Giselle said in a decidedly softer voice, “though I like to think it’s because there’s so much more to life – and death – than what you wear or what you look like.  A dirty tunic is not that grand in the scope of the life I am currently living, whether I am technically alive or not.”
Remy was quiet, allowing her mind to process everything Giselle had said.  Though she still did not fully understand what Giselle meant about the unimportance of appearance in comparison to other things, she was open to the possibility that looks were not a priority for other people.
“And there’s really no other alternative,” Giselle added with a grin.  “Our attire is going to get dirty whether we like it or not.  And since we’re on a ship, we can’t wash them whenever we wish.  We do have to ration our water after all.”  She paused, looking at Remy with what Remy believed was a curious look. However, Giselle did not speak of whatever it was that she seemed to be interested in.  “Shall we commence the tour, then?”
Remy nodded, feeling her lips tug down into a frown.  This tour reminded her of the academic lessons she had to sit through despite wanting to be anywhere else.  As she had in those lessons, Remy probably would not give Giselle her sole attention.  It was not Giselle’s fault, really, but Remy had no interest in learning about a ship.
Giselle stopped abruptly, causing Remy to nearly run into the blonde woman’s back.  “Right here,” Giselle said, opening the first door on the left, “is where the men sleep.  Save for Nick, of course.”
Remy pressed her lips together.  Perhaps this would not be completely uninteresting.  Even prim and proper Remy Cutler had wondered what a man’s sleeping quarters looked like, so she did not stop herself from popping her head into the somewhat dark room.  
“Oh.”  The word escaped from her lips with disappointment.
Her search turned out to be quite anticlimactic.  The room where the two men supposedly slept was half the size of her wardrobe back home.  Two hammocks hung on either side of the room, the wooden floor occupied with a variety of clothing that seemed to belong to the man who slept on the right side of the room.  Each occupant had two trunks that Remy believed held clothes, but the man on the right seemed to prefer scattering his articles on his side of the room while the man on the left had both of his trunks shut firmly, with not even a portion of the clothes sticking out.  The only interesting thing about the room was the circle-shaped window, resting in the center of the far wall.  It had a closer view of the ocean but was not quite submerged into it.  
“Not very interesting,” Giselle said once Remy had turned back around.  “Edward is not very organized and it drives Calum absolutely mental.  It’s quite funny, actually.  Are you ready to see the rest of the ship?”
Remy did not answer but followed Giselle out of the room.  Instead of going to the adjacent room, she led Remy across the hall.
“There’s only one room, really, on the right side of the hall,” she said, pushing it open.  Remy immediately recognized it, though the one in her house was about five times the size.  “It’s the galleys, where we get our meals.  The storage room is tucked in that cabinet over there.  Because there are only five of us – six, counting you – we don’t need much.”
Remy’s eyes adjusted to another dimly lit room.  There was fireplace that took up a fourth of the left side of the wall with a large black pot hanging over it.  She noticed burned coals resting underneath the pot; apparently, pirates used coals until they absolutely had to replace them.  She walked over to where a cabinet filled with some supplies was located and noticed nails forced into the legs of it.  Adjacent to the cabinet was a long table used for chopping up whatever food was going to be cooked, with knives and other types of cutlery hanging on the wall.  The table, too, had nails in its legs.
“That’s to keep it in place,” Giselle explained after noticing Remy’s confused look.  “In case a storm comes or the sea gets particularly rough, we nail the majority of our large furniture into the ship in order to keep it upright.”
“But the dining table is not nailed in,” Remy pointed out.  
The dining table was located in the middle of the room, a long, squat bench on either side.  One candle sat at the head of the table while its partner was placed at the bottom in order to provide light during a meal.  The table itself was wooden.  Different markings and writing was on it, and there was even some resin stained on the surface, probably as a result of one of the candles.  She had never in her wildest imagination believed people would actually eat off of such a dingy thing.
“And the benches are not either,” she added.
Where were the chairs?  How were backs supposed to be supported, good posture supposed to be reinforced?  They did not actually sit on the benches, did they?  Surely the chairs were in storage as well, since no one was eating right now.
“No,” Giselle agreed.  “On beautiful days, the men carry the table and benches up to the deck so we can eat and enjoy the weather.  We normally eat on deck once the souls have been deposited to the Crossroads.”
“The Crossroads?” Remy asked, scrunching her brow.
“Yes.”  Giselle took a step forward, in the direction of the door.  “The Crossroads is the place where the souls are taken to.  They either go to The Paradise or The Other World.”  She smiled but did not press on.  Before Remy could ask her to, she disappeared out the door and said, “Now over here is where we store our weapons.”
“Weapons?” Remy asked, hurrying her steps before peeking in to the second door on the left.  
The room was much smaller than the men’s sleeping room, which surprised Remy in that she was certain there was no possibility a room could get even be designed with such little space.  Although, this was simply for weapons and judging by the cutlasses and daggers, axes and hooks, pistols and rifles, space was not needed.  The only weapon that had more than five of its kind was the cutlass.
“We each know how to handle one,” Giselle explained.  “You’d be surprised at how rusted they become with life at sea, so we always keep extras.”
“Why do you need weapons?” Remy asked.  “You’re all dead, or relatively so.”
“You’d be surprised of the dangers that await you when you’re dead,” Giselle said but did not say more.
“Now over here,” she continued, shutting the door and leading Remy past the third door – Remy knew that was the exit back to the living world, back to her home – and to the fourth one, “is where you will be sleeping, with me and Adele.”
This sleeping room was similar to the men’s, but it was slightly bigger.  Both women seemed much neater than their male counterparts, and Remy was glad to see a collection of blankets that, while looking quite prickly, would provide her with warmth at night.  She tended to get cold easily, and since there was obviously no fireplace in this room, Remy would have to take as many blankets as she could.  As with the men, each woman had two trunks for their clothing and a window in the center of the room.
“I’ll have Calum come down and set up your hammock and fetch you two trunks for any attire you might acquire during your stay with us,” Giselle said.  “Next to the window, will that do?”
“I suppose it does not matter, does it?” Remy asked in a reluctant voice.  How could she possibly sleep here with two other women?  It would feel cramped and any form of privacy Remy hoped to have was merely an idea, a dream now.  “Are you absolutely certain that there is not a spare room I can sleep in instead?  I would not like to intrude on the setup you have already established with Adele.”
“Trust me, darling, you are not intruding,” Giselle said with a careless wave of her hand.  “We’d love to have your company.”
Remy felt another gnawing of guilt in her stomach at the warmth in Giselle’s voice.
“And besides, the only person with his own room is the captain,” she concluded.
“And where is Captain Grey’s quarters?”
Giselle beckoned Remy out of her new room and then pointed to the double doors that took up the majority of the wall that ended the hallway.  Unlike the rest of the ship, the doors were elegant, richly designed.  Gold door handles and smooth oak – completely unlike the wood that made up the ship – seduced the audience, like a perfectly wrapped present on Christmas Day.  Without even realizing what she was doing, Remy reached out and wrapped her fingers around the cool, smooth gold handle.  Before she could turn it, Giselle gently pulled her away.
“You can’t go in without the captain’s permission,” she said.
“Oh.”  Remy was surprised she was disappointed at that.  She assumed that Captain Grey lived the way his crew did.  There certainly was evidence of this theory in the fact that he, too, wore dirty clothing and most likely ate with his crew in the galley; and yet, the doors to his room were tasteful and revealed wealth.  Perhaps Captain Nick rather would live in a nice room rather than wear clothing.  Perhaps appearances only mattered in terms of dwelling comforts rather than what he looked like.  Remy could certainly understand that; she knew many people who preferred nice mansions or fashionable carriages to beautiful clothing.
“It’s his rule,” Giselle said.  “Now just over here is a small staircase that leads downward.”
“There is another level?” Remy asked.
Giselle nodded.  “Of course,” she said, and then waved her hand.  “I’ll show you.”  
This particular staircase looked as though it had not been fixed up in quite a while.  The steps did not feel as stable as the first set, and only one person could walk up or down due to how narrow it was.
“It is rather dark down here, so please be careful,” Giselle cautioned over her shoulder.
Because there was no railing, Remy placed her right hand on the side of the wall, hoping it might help her balance.  Her heart leapt in her throat when she stepped on a stair that was not there anymore before she corrected her footing and continued downward.   
“Oh, I must apologize for not warning you,” Giselle said, gesturing at the stair.  “I am just so used to it.  Please be careful.  There is a rather large hole in it that Edward keeps saying he will fix but never gets around to it.”  She rolled her eyes.  “Men.”
Remy was surprised to find that the third level was lit with multiple candelabras that actually did not match.  To her, it looked as though the crew collected what candelabras they had and placed them all down here without taking the decorum of the room into account.  Though Remy doubted she would ever come down here unless it was absolutely mandatory.
“This is where we store our canons,” Giselle said, motioning to the space lined with canons on either side.  They were all positioned outwards as though waiting for an attack on the ship.  Matches and gun powder boxes were just off to the side, neatly organized so nobody accidentally tripped over them and caused a potentially fatal mess.  Besides the weapons and the open space, there were two cages at the back of the level, with black, rusted bars.
“And that is the brig,” Giselle said.
A chill swam down the curve of Remy’s spine.  At that moment, she realized that this was not a dream or a trick played upon her.  This was her new reality.  Not only was she in a world she did not know of, she was unable to return home, and on top of that, she was the guest of a crew of pirates that had a brig on the third level of their ship.
Would they place her there if she asked a question?  Would they flog her with a cat-o’nine tails?  Would the men pillage her and the women steal the only article of clothing she had?
They seemed friendly right now, but would the façade last?  Would she really be treated with such hospitality as the days went by?  Would she be here for a long period of time?    
“Why do you need a brig?” Remy managed to ask in a meek voice.
“The Underworld is not all that different from Earth,” Giselle said.  “There are times when people need to be imprisoned, whether it is in form of punishment or protection.”
“Protection?”
“For the crew,” Giselle explained.  “If a person poses a threat to the crew, they automatically end up here.”
“I see.”
Remy did not like this place.  Not at all.  She wanted nothing more than to run up the tight staircase, away from Giselle and the cannons and the gunpowder and the brig.  She wanted sunlight on her skin, reminding her that yes, in fact, she was alive.  Placing her hand over her heart, Remy tried to slow her breathing in hopes to regain control over her bearings.
“May we…?”  Remy could not finish her sentence, but she tilted her head to the left, to the staircase, in hopes that Giselle would understand the gist of it.
“Of course,” she said with a nod.  “To be honest, this level concludes the tour.  I’m sure our humble living quarters is nothing compared to what you are used to, Miss Cutler, and I apologize that it may not be to your liking.  But I do hope that perhaps, in the future, you might be able to call this ship home.  I have been here the past twenty years and had never sailed while I was alive.  I was offered the chance to, but with my parents gone and me being the eldest sibling, I had to stay back and take care of things.”  Her voice sounded regretful and Remy noticed her eyes darken, like a black cloud blotted out an over cast sky.  After a moment, she forced a smile and looked back up at Remy.  “But now I feel as though the Black Star is the only home I know.”
“Black Star?” Remy asked, furrowing her brow.
“Oh, how silly of me.”  She gestured to their surroundings.  “The Black Star is the name of the ship.  Nick named her himself.”
“I see.”
“Shall we head up then?” Giselle asked.  At Remy’s eager nod, Giselle turned and led the younger girl back up to the deck.
One thing Remy was certain of: she would never call the Black Star home.














Chapter 4  
“Captain,” Edward said through gritted teeth.  Nick watched as his quartermaster narrowed his midnight blue eyes at him, and completely beyond his control, the captain felt his back straighten just a tad.  “Now that she is otherwise occupied, would you care to tell us just what it is that woman is doing here again?”
“I already told you that it was her fault,” Nick said shortly.  
“And how could it possibly be her fault when you are the only person on this ship that can transport to Earth and back here?” Adele asked, raising her right brow.
Nick absolutely loathed Adele’s right eyebrow.  It always questioned him and his motives and made him feel inadequate, doubtful, and even stupid.  He knew that her judgmental way wasn’t exactly her fault – Adele had an upbringing similar to their new guest’s, actually – but it still managed to rile him up every now and then.
“Hold on, hold on,” another voice, this one naturally rough, interrupted.  “This girl’s been here prior?  How?”
“Calum, we have more important things to discuss,” Edward snapped, glancing over his shoulder at the physician.  As the eldest of two brothers, he was used to speaking first.  “Like why she’s here in the first place.”
“Again, apparently,” Calum drawled under his breath, rolling his piercing blue eyes to the wooden deck beneath his feet.
Nick held up his hands, as though he hoped to hold their incessant questioning at bay.  “Might I make an observation?” he asked in a controlled voice.  He opened one of his eyes in order to look at his crew, fiddling with the lace around his wrist.  When he felt it was safe, he opened the other one.  They were silent, but Nick could see the expectation clearly written in their eyes, waiting for him to speak.  “I cannot possibly answer all of your questions at once.”  He dropped his hands but his body was still tense, his eyes moving from one person to the other, trying to keep an eye on them all at one time.  “Where would you like me to begin?”
“The beginning,” Edward deadpanned.
“The very beginning,” Calum added.  “How she got here the first time.  And why.”
Nick sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose with his thumb and index finger.  He didn’t actually like talking about his first encounter with Remy Cutler.  It had made him feel a slew of emotions; some he never wanted to feel again, and some he refused to acknowledge.  Any mention of her caused him to clamp his mouth shut in fear that he might say something damning.  Adele and Edward knew of her only because they had been here for her first visit but Giselle and Calum had not yet been a part of his crew.  He had hoped he would never have to tell either of them of her appearance and subsequent disappearance, but with Remy’s sudden reappearance – thanks to him, of course – he supposed he could hide it no longer.
But where to start?  
“Remy Cutler died on the fifth of April, two years ago, Earth time,” Nick said, letting his hand fall back down to his side.  “It was evening time, a good deal into the night.  She had been climbing out her second-story bedroom window and fell so that her neck broke.  I found her waiting at the Alley and decided to bring her aboard in hopes that she might consider joining the crew.  Mind you, only Adele and Edward were with me, and as you remember, that wasn’t a sufficient number of people to man a ship as grand as this.”
“Tell Calum what made you notice Remy in the first place, Nick,” Adele said in a mocking voice, narrowing her brown eyes at her captain.
Nick glared at the red headed woman.  “I do not think that that is a pertinent part of the story, Adele,” he returned in a warning tone.
“He was astounded by her beauty,” she said, turning her head to look at Calum.  Though she had been with him the longest – a little over fifty years at that – she still didn’t seem to be able to take order when she had been so used to giving them while living.  “He believed that if he wooed her away from her final resting place, he might be able to woo her into his bedroom.  Of course, if that were to have happened, he would have tired of her and avoided her and she would have been left heartbroken and inconsolable, as many of the women he meets are.”
“There is a method to his madness, it would seem,” Edward added bitterly.  “He tends to prefer bedding whores because both companies know entering into the temporary relationship that nothing will come of it and as such, no one will be hurt, no one will feel guilty.  He can come and go as he pleases.”  Of course, Edward was well-aware of wenches that sold their bodies for whatever a man was willing to pay.  His father, a general, took Edward to a brothel once he turned thirteen and bought him a night with the best looking girl there.  That was not actually saying much, but Edward did become a man that night.  He also found out that instead of the unwavering devotion he believed his father had to his mother, found that that was not the case.  As such, he refused to be with a whore for the rest of his days, and that resolve stayed with him to death.
“Can we get back to the matter at hand?” Nick asked.  He knew his lifestyle wasn’t exactly proper decorum, but he could do without the judgmental tone laced in Edward’s sardonic voice.  “I really do not appreciate you criticizing my character so thoroughly.”
Both Adele and Edward closed their mouths.  They said nothing but Nick knew they were all waiting for him to carry on.
“As I was saying, I hoped to get her to join my crew so I had her board my ship,” he continued.  Once the souls were collected and following the ship, I explained to her that she had died.  I couldn’t get anything else out of my mouth before she ran below deck.  I’m not sure if the Third Door was the first door she tried, or if she tried the others before, but she managed to choose the correct one.  I grabbed her and only succeeded in snagging a piece of her nightgown before she disappeared.”
“That was supposed to be the end of her,” Edward said, crossing his hands over his chest.  “Nobody knew what happened to the girl, but we knew she had escaped Death’s clutches by leaving by the Third Door.”
“Nick got a good yelling at by the Magistrate,” Adele continued.  “We all did, actually.”  She pushed her eyebrows together at the memory.  Adele was not afraid of much, thanks to her entitled upbringing and her new lifestyle, but for some reason The Magistrate cracked her cool resolve.  “The Magistrate condemned us to even more time aboard this ship, whether we learn our lesson or not.”
“I thought the only person who could reprimand the occupants of the Underworld was the Creator,” Calum said.  His long fingers rubbed his chin, smoothing over the rough whiskers that seemed like a permanent fixture on his face.  The gesture, Nick knew, revealed that the physician was deep in thought.
“Well, apparently not,” Nick said dryly.  “I never thought I would see the girl again until she lived her life and died.  Again.  But…”  Here, Nick hesitated.  He didn’t like to admit certain things because it would clash with the intimidating reputation he hoped to emit and uphold.
“But,” Adele pushed, looking at him expectantly.
“But,” Nick bit out, his dark eyes flashing at her, “I kept an eye on her.  With the Glass.  I wanted to make sure she was, indeed, all right, that she had returned to Earth and to her rightful home.  I have been doing this for nearly one hundred years and I have not heard of anybody, let alone a little girl, escaping Death when their time is up.”
“It was your fault for leaving the Third Door unlocked,” Edward said.  He leveled his eyes at his captain.
“The Third Door had always been left unlocked in my entire time on the ship!” Nick exclaimed.  “It was unlocked before I inherited the position, and it will no doubt be unlocked when I am gone.”
“If the Magistrate lets you move on after this mishap,” Adele retorted.
“Why would the Third Door be left unlocked in the first place?” Calum asked, shifting his weight as he regarded both Nick and Edward.  “Especially since the use of it by anyone is strictly forbidden.”
“It is not forbidden, per se,” Nick said, wincing slightly.  “I use it to go to Earth and come back.  It’s how I transport from one world to the other.”
“And how he managed to rescue our new guest,” Edward said, his teeth clenched.
“But not how he brought her back,” Adele finished.
“Why did you leave to go and fetch her in the first place?” Calum inquired with a slight tilt of his head.
“She was in a bit of a spot,” Nick began.
“So you’ve been keeping your eye on her for the past two years?”  This was interesting to Calum.  Coming from a family of scholars – even his mother was well-educated for her sex – logic ruled his mind.  He didn’t quite understand how one girl could affect one man, especially since Nick barely knew her.
“Earth years,” Nick corrected.  “Which would total to twenty years here.  But yes, I have.  The Magistrate told me to.  She wanted to make sure that Remy kept her mouth shut about the Underworld and everything she saw down here.  If she didn’t, I was supposed to visit her and warn her that she had to or else there would be dire consequences.  Interestingly enough, the girl said nothing about her after-death experience, she assumed that it had been a very bad dream.  Her fall did cause her to fear heights and death, other than that though, she was still the same girl.”
“So what spot was she in that you felt you had to go against the rules and grab her?” Edward asked.   
“Technically, there’s not a rule against what I did,” Nick pointed out.
“That’s because what you did wasn’t thought to be possible!” Adele exclaimed.  Nick didn’t fully understand why the red heaf sounded so bitter  He knew she had been absolutely furious when she found out about her untimely death but he assumed she had moved on.  However, with her unreasonable anger about Remy’s presence rather than Nick’s supposed rule-breaking, he realized that that was not exactly the case. 
“Yes, but still,” Nick said.  “If there was no rule, I did not break anything.  And anyways, her life was at stake.”
“Which means that had you not interfered, she’d have ended up at The Alley naturally,” Adele snapped.  “It is not your responsibility to go gallivanting off and save people from Death.  People die whether they like it or not.  It doesn’t ask you what you want.  It doesn’t matter what you want.  That is simply how the world works and it’s not going to change.”  When she spoke as fast as she was now, hints of her former French accent began to touch her voice. 
“I admit, I did not think everything out as thoroughly as I should have,” Nick admitted.  “But that is what happened and that is where we stand now.  She is here, alive in the truest sense of the word.”
“Can you not just unlock the Third Door and deposit her back to earth?” Calum asked.
“If only it were that simple,” Nick replied.  His hand reached up and cupped the back of his neck.
“Nick is the only one who possesses the power to move through both worlds,” Adele explained, her voice softening as she regarded Calum.  “I cannot do it, Edward cannot, no soul can travel through the Door.  Nick is technically still alive which is why he, James Hook, and The Magistrate can all travel through the Door.  They never actually died.”
“Yes, but this girl is still alive too,” Calum said in a tight voice.  Nick could tell his physician was losing his patience.  “Why can’t she go back through the Door?”
“Because unlike the girl, Nick, the Magistrate, and James were all cursed or offered their current position,” Edward explained.  “With their power comes the ability to travel to Earth but only through Black Star’s Third Door.  Nick cannot actually bring people or objects or even clothes to and from Earth.  Only he can go by himself.  And when I say cannot, I literally mean he is unable to do so, not that it is against the rules.  We tried it once – he attempted to wear a new set of clothes he snagged from Earth back to the Other World and he came back completely in the nude.”
“A sight I would dreadfully like to forget,” Adele muttered.
Nick scoffed.
“We have no idea, to this day, where those clothes went, but they have yet to return,” Edward continued.  “If we tried having Remy go through the Door, we won’t know what would happen to her.”
“She’s been through it once though,” Calum pointed out.  “Can she not go through it again?”
“We’re not taking that risk,” Nick said firmly.
“Then why did you go grab her in the first place?” Edward burst out.  His normally controlled demeanor rarely fell apart but apparently, he was at his wit’s end.  “If you aren’t willing to take the risk?”
“I can’t explain how it happened, all right?” Nick growled.  He had lost the ability to keep hold over his patience and was ready to put the matter to bed once and for all.  His fingers idly fiddled with the off-white lace wrapped around his right wrist.  “All I remember was watching her fall asleep and that man came down to where she was, and I was there, in front of the Third Door.  I didn’t even really go through it, so to speak, I just reached out and grabbed her before locking the door back up and leading her up to the deck.  That’s when she realized where she was, by the way.”
“You just think of where you want to be and the Third Door takes you to that specific destination?” Calum asked, astounded.  This in itself was surprising, for not much anything astounded the physician.
“More like visualizing it,” Nick corrected.  He turned back to look at Edward and Adele.  “Look, I wasn’t thinking.  I was just acting.”
“That’s what you always do, Nick!” Adele exclaimed.  Her hands curled into fists by her sides as she stomped her foot.  To Nick, she resembled a spoilt child who wasn’t getting her way.  “How is it that you are the Transporter and yet still wanted for acts of piracy in the Underworld!?  Haven’t you given any thought to the consequences that will surely follow this little act of heroics?”
“Perhaps the Magistrate will actually reward me for bringing the very soul that had escaped us back here,” Nick said, pushing up his dark brows so they disappeared underneath his dark locks.  “Have you ever thought about it in those terms, hmm?”
“Except this times she’s alive,” Edward said.  He managed to reign in his anger, probably ashamed at his loss of composure in the first place.  “Very much so.  And her being alive and in the Underworld is just… impossible.”
“Well, it’s obviously not impossible if it’s happening at this very moment.”  Nick paused, placing the pad of his index finger on the tip of his chin.  “The real question is how to get her back to earth without the Magistrate actually finding out.”
“That’s the real question?” Adele all but shouted, throwing her hands out.  She walked towards Nick until she was directly in front of him in order to ensure she had his full attention.  Though he was a good deal taller than she was, he actually felt that she was more intimidating in this moment.  “That’s the real question?  What about what the Magistrate will do to us once she does find out?  Because we all know that she will find out if she hasn’t already and once she does, we are all going to be in a world of hurt!”
“The Magistrate’s a female?” Calum asked, his forehead wrinkling in confusion.
“Well, why don’t we keep this between the four of us then, okay?” Nick asked through clamped teeth.  He paused.  “And Giselle, since I’m certain Calum will inform her of this discussion as soon as he can.”  He have his physician a dry look.  “No one says anything to anybody until we figure out what we do with her.”
“You’ve already figured out what to do with her.  Apparently she’ll be joining the crew without the proper vote, without any form of a consultation between the members of your crew.  Which means we will all bear responsibility for the twit.”
“She is not a twit, Adele.”
“You saw the souls’ reactions to her, Nick,” Edward said in a serious voice.  His eyes locked firmly with Nick’s, his gaze never wavering.  “When she practically hurled herself off the side of the ship, you saw how they reached up to grab her.  You aren’t blind.  In my time with you, I’ve never seen the souls do that.  Not once.  Not to you or to me or to anyone.  They were conscious in that moment, and for whatever reason, they wanted the girl.  You know what would happen if they got a hold of her, don’t you?”
Nick opened his mouth, ready to say something, but decided against it and shut it.
“They’ll take her and her soul will be lost,” Edward continued firmly, hoping his voice would relay the seriousness of the situation they were currently in.  “A living soul lost in the Underworld.”
“And how do we know that that’s really what’s going to happen?”
“That’s what we have to assume!”  Edward shook his head.  Nick was smarter than this.  “We all know that if one of us falls into the ocean occupied by the souls, our own soul will be lost forever.  Why would Remy’s soul be any different?”
“Because it obviously is different,” Adele snapped.  Edward rolled his eyes, used to bickering with her.  “She’s here – alive – brought here by Nick who couldn’t transport a pint of rum from Earth if he wanted to.  She’s a human.  If Edward is right and the girl’s soul really will be lost if  these souls get a hold of it, then the Magistrate will be even more furious with us than she already is.”
“Why do you think it is that the souls are so drawn to her?” Calum mused without directing the question at anyone in particular.
Nick looked at his physician.  The way his piercing blue eyes narrowed at nothing in particular directly in front of him caused the pirate captain to roll his brown eyes.  He knew that look when he saw it; Calum had a new mystery he wanted to solve.
“Who cares?” Edward asked, dismissing Calum’s question all-together.  “All we should care about is how to explain this to the Magistrate when she confronts us with our impending punishment.”
“I want to know how she’s still alive and still here,” Adele said, looking at Nick with big brown eyes.  “It isn’t fair that her heart is beating and mine is not, and yet we’re both in the same place.  A place reserved only for those who have died, thank you very much.”
“I take it you like your tea bitter then?” Edward quipped, raising a brow.
“Since I am obviously as in the dark about this as you all are,” Nick said, hoping to diffuse the impending fight, “I’m afraid I cannot answer any of your questions.  I just can’t return her to earth without affecting the cosmos or whatever and without possibly causing injury to me or the girl or both of us.  I cannot explain why she is here, still alive, while you are not, Adele.  I don’t know how she’s even here, how it’s even possible.  But it seems that it is and we have to deal with it.  Edward, if you are so adamant about worrying about the Magistrate and this punishment you truly think will be distributed to us then, by all means, continue forth with your stress.  Do not drag me down with you, mate.  I have enough on my plate to worry about and I refuse to concentrate on The Magistrate until she presents herself to me.  Calum, I don’t care if you try and figure out why the souls are so infatuated with our Remy Cutler, but by all means, have at it.  Just know you may not experiment on her.”
“So that’s it?” Edward asked, frustration evident in his tone.  “We have nothing resolved, just going to go with the wind, aye?  No plan whatsoever?”
“There’s no point in planning for something we couldn’t predict,” Nick retorted.
“And what of the girl?” Adele asked.  Her hand was now on a jutted hip and her eyes were darker than usual.  She was upset, Nick could tell.  “What do we do with her?”
 “We’re going to give her a place to sleep and a chore to do,” Nick said in a curt voice.  “Until we figure out how to return her back home, she’ll stay with us as part of the crew.  We still have a task to complete, with or without the lass, and we don’t do it, then The Magistrate really will come down hard on us.  Do I make myself clear?”
Each member of Nick’s crew looked like they wanted to argue, but Nick knew that what he had said was true; they couldn’t actually do anything until something happened.
With a nod, he turned and headed back to his proper place at the bridge of the ship. His fingers curled around the familiar spokes of the helm and he felt himself regain a familiar sense of peace that always accompanied him when captaining his vessel.
By his calculations, they would reach the Crossroads in a couple of hours. 
 

Chapter 5  
Captain Peter Pan was a particular man.  It was a requirement that his tea must be brewed for three minutes and forty-seven seconds before the two spoonfuls of sugar entered the concoction or else he would not drink it.  He always had a member of his crew polish his black boots at ten o’clock at night, wiping the right boot thirty-four times and the left boot thirty-three times with a newly washed rag.  His chestnut brown hair must be in brushed forty-nine times to the left before he put on the mandatory wig on his head, which indicated to those he encountered his official position as a privateer for the Magistrate.
Today, he was to meet with his supervisor.
Not the Magistrate, of course.
The Magistrate had no idea that he had ties in other places, places that usually opposed her own.
Nonetheless Peter Pan believed in justice, even if that meant he had to take it for himself.  He had died in the thirteen hundreds; even now, he could not, for the life of him, remember the exact year or even the exact place and time.  He could not remember if he died alone, or with people surrounding him.  He could not remember if he died in his sleep or if he was murdered.  Had he left a woman behind?  Again, something that so easily had slipped his mind, and yet now, he did not care one way or the other. 
The only thing that he remembered about the entire ordeal was that it was simply too soon.  He had not even reached thirty before he was plucked from Earth and thrust here, a place he could not comprehend and wanted nothing to do with.
Initially.
Since he had been a young boy, all he wanted to be was a captain of his own fleet.  He wanted the power to command hundreds of sailors with a snap of his fingers.  And that goal was taken from him by his dying.  He had worked hard throughout his short life, and knew he would be promoted, that he was just weeks away from living out his dream.
Then he died.
And that dream, that childhood dream, was ripped from the realm of possibility.
Except, maybe it wasn’t.
Once he knew what The Underworld was and what it meant for him – he would not age, he would not truly die until he accomplished what he was supposed to accomplish while alive, learn whatever lesson he was supposed to have learned – he decided that perhaps he could be a captain here.  He deserved it, after all.  
The Magistrate knew that.  After their initial meeting, she took a liking to him.  How could she not?  He was handsome and proper, his appearance nothing short of perfection.  He was polite, determined, and, at times, charming.  It was not long before she hired him as her own eyes, to watch over The Underworld and ensure the Law was being upheld.
“Guards can only do so much,” she had explained to him.
She had given him power, but not enough.  Not the kind of power he had worked so hard for before his life was put out.  The Magistrate, too, had a fleet of eyes, and though Peter knew he was her favorite, she had yet to make him in charge of it.
Peter refused to wait.
He deserved being in charge of such a fleet now.
Why should he have to work hard once more, when he already had?
The Magistrate refused to listen.  She promised him that what he desired would come in time if he would just wait.  At first, he wanted to refuse.  He was about to refuse.
But something stopped him.
Perhaps he could acquire this power without having to give up what he already had and without having to work too hard for it.
And then, the solutions to all of his problems came to him in the form of James Hook, the man who ruled The Other World.  He whispered promises in that silky voice of his, promises that granted him all he could ever desire: power, women, riches.  Peter had to work for it, but it was so much easier than what the Magistrate wanted from him.  All James asked of him was that when he saw souls doing something illegal, instead of turning them into Port Haven, the official jailing house of The Underworld, Peter would take the souls to The Other World.  James never explained why he wanted the extra souls, and Peter never asked.  Probably because he didn’t really care.  Taking souls to The Other World was much easier and more interesting than anything The Magistrate wanted him to do.
But somehow, he managed to keep his dealings with James to himself.  As far as Peter knew, the Magistrate did not know she was being betrayed.
That was exactly what Peter wanted.  He already had a good amount of power through her, and James would grant him even more than he could possibly imagine.
But.
Because there was always a but.
Things started to get boring for Peter.
A limited amount of power could only get him so far, and the longer Peter continued, the more the absence of what he wanted reminded him that no, he had yet to command a fleet of ships.
So Peter started to do things differently.  Certainly, he continued to keep his hair and clothing in check, and certainly he continued to uphold the Law for the Magistrate while simultaneously shouldering souls to The Other World, even if it was not yet their time to move on.  Though how was he to be taken seriously doing errands for those who had the power he wanted for himself?
He began to terrorize ships that were breaking the Law.  Instead of taking the souls to Port Haven, as the Magistrate wanted, or to The Other World, as James wanted, he slayed every single soul on the ship, destroyed the ship itself so it was unrecognizable.
Despite this new surge of power, there was something that left him wanting.
In taverns, people were talking of mysterious disappearances, suggesting the most ridiculous explanations for their comrades whom they hadn’t heard from in a while.  
This was not good.
How would people respect him if no one knew what was really happening?  And yet, he could not reveal his identity lest he wanted both the Magistrate and James after him.  He knew they would both kill him.  And when you died here in The Underworld, your soul was lost.
And Peter was anything but lost.
He supposed that was why he got such a thrill of killing souls himself.  He was in control of their lives.  He got to play God.
The answer was so simple, Peter actually laughed when he figured it out.  From then on, he would leave one survivor in order to tell his tale, to warn other sailors that sailing the sea was not as safe as they had once presumed.
After his first attack as a changed man, he went into a tavern in Tenedor and already people were talking about it.  Gossip spread like wildfire, and Peter found he liked the feeling of his ears burning.  Nobody knew that it was he who was responsible for the destruction, the massacre, and Peter got a thrill of participating in the exchange of the story as though he was not involved.  His physical description changed with each attack, other than the fact that everything about him was in perfect place, that he looked nothing short of immaculate.  Peter was delighted at this.  People even started calling him a phantom, a phantom who attacked unsuspecting sailors for no real reason other than he could due to the fact that no one could pin him down.
Peter continued with the façade.
Then, a purpose formed and he had reason to attack these innocents.  Not only did he want the power and the respect, but now, he was searching for somebody.  
Captain Nicholas Grey.
The pirate captain in charge of transporting souls to their afterlife.
He was probably the most important person in The Underworld and the blasted pirate knew it.  He was also a pirate and, from what Peter understood, was a pirate back on Earth.  Grey had no problem flouncing the fact that he could ignore the Law so long as he did his job.
Which he did.
He was also a pirate.
And Peter’s job was to rid The Underworld of pirates, no matter their importance, no matter how well the occupants of The Underworld seemed to adore him.
He had actually encountered Captain Grey before he had taken up with James, and managed to brand Grey as a pirate for the rest of his days.  The sizzle of his skin as he pressed the fire poker in the form of the snake was a sound Peter cherished more than anything in the world.
Except, Nick did something to Peter much more worse than a brand on the forearm.  He refused to think about, refused to acknowledge that his own arrogance led to Grey’s action.  Instead, he focused on what he would do to Grey once – and not if – Peter caught him.
Suffer was the appropriate word.  As was torture.
It wasn’t long before James came by with his offer, and Peter emerged one of the most powerful people in The Underworld.  He continued to sail under the guise as a phantom in hopes to catch the pirate captain and extract his own form of revenge on him, whether the Magistrate or James liked it or not.  He wanted to be the one to watch that mischievous twinkle in those eyes burn out.  He wanted to be the last person Grey saw alive, so Grey would know that Peter and no one else was responsible for his permanent death.
And he would get the pirate.  Soon enough.
For now, Peter was content on destroying ships, slaying souls, and listening to what people had to say about him.
A knock on his door interrupted his thoughts, and as he slipped on his pristine white gloves – tailored to his exact measurements – he told his knocker to come in.
As Peter expected, it was Lieutenant Leslie Roads.  The man was loyal and did whatever it was that Peter commanded him to do.  Roads was exactly the type of man he wanted as his lieutenant, because the man always kept his mouth shut about immoral acts Peter might have him participate in.  He was not certain if Roads agreed or disagreed with what he was doing, but Roads was smart enough to keep his opinion to himself and obey without the slightest bout of hesitation.
“A target’s been spotted, sir,” Roads said once he closed the door behind him.  Before Peter could ask, he said, “Not Grey’s, unfortunately, but a merchant ship.”
“How long?”  Peter’s blue eyes gazed down at his fingers clothed in pure white, and felt his lips curl up into a delighted smile.  He absolutely loved it when his clothes fit perfectly.
“They have not seen us yet, sir, but we should reach them in ten minutes, perhaps fifteen.”
“Perfect.”  His eyes flickered over to Roads who was standing straight, with excellent posture and a well-cut uniform with not a spot of dust on it.  He held his crew to the same standards as he held himself, and Roads was one of the few onboard who was nearly flawless at maintaining his appearance.  “I shall be out shortly.”
Roads obeyed the silent dismissal, and once he was gone, Peter allowed himself another smile.  His gloved hand brushed his trusted sabre – sharpened, cleaned, and polished so it practically sparkled – and then followed Roads out the door.
It was time to add another tale to his growing legend.





	

Chapter 6  
The minute Remy and Giselle walked back on the deck of the Black Star, eight pairs of eyes all snapped in their direction.  Remy had been to enough balls and socialized with enough girls her age to know that Captain Grey and his crew had been talking about her.  Normally, she let obvious gossip about her roll off her back; it was a nuisance that came along with being a part of the exclusive class she had been in since birth, and from an early age, Remy had learned to deal with it as best as she could.  She would not let the gossips know that they were affecting her, even though the only thing she might want to do was run into her bedroom and cry.
	When it came to this particular instance, however, she could not help but feel somewhat curious.  Did they know what was happening to her?  Did they know how to get her back home and just decided not to?  Did they not like her?
	She had no idea why the last question popped into her mind, but even so, she could not help but wonder.  Remy had never gone out of her way to get people to like her because people always did – or, at least, they pretended to, because of who her father was.  Normally, that did not bother her.  She did not particularly like those that put on a façade in order to impress her family and herself, but for whatever reason, she wanted this group of nefarious beings to consider her perhaps not yet a friend, but maybe someone they were interested in getting to know a bit better.
Especially Giselle.
As the blonde woman led Remy across the deck and back to the crew, Remy went over their conversation in her mind.  There was a good chance Remy had acted nothing short of spoiled.  And even though it was what she was used to, she realized that she was in a different setting now, and people did not always appreciate when a person came off as better than they were.  It would be difficult, but she could act a bit more humble.
Like Charlie.
It hit her like a wall of bricks.  Goodness, she missed Charlie.  He was the reason why she hadn’t turned out so entirely awful, like Rachel Winters, who thought that everyone, even girls like Remy, were beneath her and could not waste her time on them.  The only time Remy ever socialized with her was when forced – through balls and other dances she was required to attend.  If she thought of these people, this pirate crew, like she thought of Charlie, Remy was certain that she would not be as judgmental.  Hopefully.  She could at least try.
“So how did it go?” Nick asked once the two women had reached earshot.
“Very well,” Giselle replied.
In fact, Remy believed she could start being more grateful at this moment.  “You have a… quaint ship,” she said.
Of course she had seen better ships.  Much better.  If she pointed that out, she might appear to be critical and she was going to try to change that.
“Quaint?” the red head – Adele – asked with a raised brow.
Remy frowned.  It sounded as though Adele hadn’t appreciated her comment.  Remy was not sure as to why that was, but she made herself clench her jaw in order to keep her infamous Cutler pride from leaving her mouth.  Instead, she decided to focus on Adele herself, since it was likely that this woman would be her biggest challenge.  She was tall, taller than Remy and Giselle.  Probably five foot seven, possibly eight depending on the shoes she was wearing.  She had long luxurious hair that she did not pull back with ribbon or hide with a bandana.  Remy did not blame her.  Adele was a beautiful woman, but every woman had one feature that outshined the rest of them, and for Adele, that was her hair.  Her eyes were a dark brown, similar to Nick’s own, and she had a light bronze to her skin, probably due to her time on Nick’s ship.  She was wearing clothing that was more form-fitting than Giselle’s, and had more color as well.  Her tunic was a royal purple color, tucked into a pair of high-waisted breeches.  Adele knew what she was doing when it came to dressing herself; the outfit she currently wore showed off her ample curves and tiny waist.  Her boots were black, and though it was obvious they were old and used quite used, it appeared that Adele took a good deal of time each morning in order to polish them.
“You are like me,” Remy murmured before she could stop herself.  Her eyes were fixed directly on Adele, and despite the fact that Adele intimidated her, Remy did not attempt to take the words back.
“I am nothing like you,” Adele replied with a sneer.
“We come from the same class,” Remy continued.  She know she probably should not; by the way Adele was glaring at her, it was not likely the red head was intent on extending an olive branch in Remy’s direction anytime soon.  But it did not matter.  Remy would not back down.  “You come from wealth, a respectable family before you passed on.”
“I did not pass on,” Adele said sharply.  Her dark eyes only got darker as they narrowed at Remy.  “My life was taken from me.”
Remy opened her mouth, ready to tell the woman that the particular nature in how she lost her life did not matter, Adele was still dead and there was nothing she could do about it, but something stopped her.  Perhaps it was the way Adele’s eyes looked so fierce, the way her bottom lip jutted out defiantly, as though she were asking Remy to challenge her.  
Closing her mouth, Remy looked back at Nick.  His eyes were already on her, scrutinizing her.  She shifted her weight, swallowing saliva that was not actually present.  The way Nick was gazing at her made her feel uncomfortable, only because she was not sure what he was looking for or what he expected from her.
“My ship is not quaint,” he told her when he realized she had caught his stare.  He blinked once before turning so he could look out at the ocean rather than at the young woman in front of him.  “She is grand and beautiful and everything a ship should be.”
Remy watched as Edward rolled his eyes.
“What now, Captain?” he asked.
“We are almost at the Crossroads,” Giselle pointed out.
“Which means we’re close to Tenedor,” Nick murmured under his breath.  His reached up in order to cradle the point of his chin in his palm, his fingertips caressing his lips.  “Well.”  He looked up, breaking his train of thought with a smile.  “You know what that means, don’t you?  We need more wind in the sails and our anchor prepared when we reach our destination.  Edward, take the helm.  Adele, we need our supplies counted and a list made by the time we reach the island.”
The crew immediately dispersed, as though they each knew their role on the ship and went to go fulfill it.
“And what of me?” Remy asked.  Her voice was delicate, even weary.  She was not sure she could belong to a sailing crew, especially one that boasted pirates instead of law-abiding seamen.  
“Yes, what of you?” he said between his fingers.  Before Remy could speak, Nick turned on the heel of his boot and proceeded to head to the stairway that led to the second level of the Black Star.  “Follow me.”
Remy had no other option but to listen to him.  She hurried her stride in order to keep up.  He was muttering things to himself, making her wonder if Nick was all there in his head.  As she headed down the stairs, the dreadful thought of him locking her up in the brig until he knew what to do with her struck her mind and she tensed.  She could not allow that to happen.  What if they forgot about her down there?  What if they did not feed her, or the food was not edible, or, even worse, what they did offer her was not something she particularly liked?
Perhaps she could fight him.  Charlie had taught her a thing or two about self-defense, but Remy knew that she was not strong enough to pull it off.  Even if she did manage to knock Nick out by some miracle, she would have four other people to attend to, probably much more skilled at fighting than she was.
Instead of continuing downwards were the brig and the canons were, however, Nick walked down the hall and stopped in front of the doors to his quarters.  He opened the door and followed Remy in, shutting it firmly behind him.
“Oh my.”
Remy was so taken with Nick’s room that she had not realized that she had spoken her thought out loud.  In fact, she did not mind that her mouth had dropped open and that she was gaping at the sight before her, though it was not something ladies like her should do.  There were too many things to take in, Remy had not a clue as to where to start.
The first thing Remy noticed was how neat and put together it was.  She assumed that rum bottles would be rolling around on the floor and trash would occupy nearly every crevice the grand space had to offer, but Remy was pleasantly surprised.  For a pirate, Nicholas Grey knew how to keep his personal belongings well-organized.
The bed was pushed against the far wall.  It was about as big as her own bed back home, but even she did not possess the grand headboard, hand carved with such finesse that she could feel the emotion the carpenter was trying to instill in it.  The sheets were crimson and starch-white, with plenty of matching pillows that rested tucked into the covers.  The bed was made – something else that surprised the young woman – and the sheets look recently pressed.  Why would the man put more attention into bed sheets than his own personal appearance?  Remy did not know and was too intent on continuing to explore this room to speculate.
There was a bureau just off to the side and a mirror above it.  If Nick wanted to shave – and due to how smooth the bottom half of his face appeared to be, Remy believed that he did so on a normal basis – he could sit in front of the mirror and do so.  In fact, there was an empty bowl and damp washrag on the desk, placed off to the side.  Nick probably did shave this morning, and dumped out the dirty water when he was finished with it.  
Directly across from the bureau were shelves filled with books, all sorts of books in a variety of languages that Remy actually understood thanks to strict lessons in Latin, French, and Spanish.  Her eyes skimmed over the titles, the cracked spines that looked as though they had been read quite frequently.  Was this pirate actually literate?  Could he appreciate works from Shakespeare and Byron and Shelley?  Or was this just for show?  Did he loot these books from an innocent ship and place them on these shelves in order to give the appearance that he was well-read when, in reality, he probably had never heard of any of these works?
Instead of trunks for his clothes, he had a small wardrobe.  Like the galley, all the big furniture was nailed into place in order to prevent them from tipping over when the waves got rough.  It, too, looked to be carved by hand, by the same man who carved the majority of the furniture in Nick’s room.  It was the same color, had the same curved design, and there was that same emotion captured in the wood.
This was where Nick was now.  He had unceremoniously flung the door to the wardrobe open, and his head was buried deeply in there.  He was looking for something; of that, Remy was certain.  She just did not know what that was.  As she waited, she felt her eyes begin to focus on the frame of the pirate, sculpting the outline of his shape.  In all actuality, the man was, indeed, handsome.  Even for a pirate.  Though he had on loose clothing that did absolutely nothing for him except offer him a convenient place to rub off his hands should he get annoyed of the dirt stranded in his cuticles and underneath his fingernails, she could still make out the broadness of his shoulders and his backside, which was actually rather nice to look upon.
“See something you like, darling?” Nick asked her.  When Remy’s eyes snapped up, she was instantly met with the fact that Nick knew she had been staring, and he enjoyed it, or so said that smirk currently littering his face.  It had to be a record how quickly her face heated up with pink, her least favorite color.  “Oh, don’t worry.  It happens to the best of us, I’m afraid.  You, my dear, aren’t the only one who’s enamored with ol’ Nicky.”
“Excuse me?” Remy said, unable to believe the wretched thought that spilled from his lips.  “Do not flatter yourself, Captain Grey.  I could not help but notice how filthy your clothes were and assumed that you brought me down for some help selecting your next outfit because unlike you and your crew, I am put-together.”   
Nick raised a doubtful brow and pressed his lips together.  “Put together, aye?” he asked her in that low voice of his.  He dropped his eyes so they traveled slowly up her body, lingered on her chest, curved over her neck, and finally made it back to her eyes.  
Remy had never felt so violated in her life.  How dare he look at her so blatantly and without shame?  She wanted to reach out and slap Nick across the face for his audacity but her arms were coddled against her chest so Nick would be unable to look at that particular area again.
“I would disagree with your claim,” he said finally.  His eyes seemed to know how uncomfortable he had made Remy, and even more than that, revealed that he had no regrets about it.  “You are in nothing but a slip and a corset, or have you forgotten your current choice of clothing?”
The young woman clamped her jaw together.  She wanted to yell at him, to scream, to lecture him for the ungentlemanly behavior he had just participated in, but she chose not to.  She knew that he was a pirate and did not care one way or the other if he was being chivalrous, and yelling would just make her look like a child.
Through gritted teeth, she said, “I had to rid myself of the dress in order to climb out of my window without tripping, losing my balance, and falling.”  
“Aren’t you afraid of heights?” Nick asked, taking another step towards her.  He had a bundle of clothes in his arm, but Remy did not know what they were for and still did not know why she was here.  “After your little visit down here before, I would assume that you would be afraid of heights.”
“I never said I was not,” Remy said, still keeping a steady control over herself though she wanted nothing more than to lash out and demand he tell her just what he was getting at.  She hated admitting it to him, but she knew that he knew her fear so there was no point to lie about it.  “But sometimes there are more pressing matters than giving in to your fears.”
“Like an unwanted marriage, perhaps?” Nick asked.
Remy wished she could slap the smirk off of his perfectly chiseled face.  Not that she noticed his pleasing facial features, of course.
And why was he standing so close to her?  It was just adding to her discomfort.
“It bothers me how much you know about me,” Remy told him.  “At least my being here prevents you from constantly watching me without my knowledge.”
“You are the only person to have escaped Death,” Nick said.  “And it boggles my mind how no one back in the world of the living know that.  They just brushed off your experience here as a bad dream.  I had a responsibility to keep an eye on you, and I still do, now that you are back here and not dead.  You are an enigma, something I cannot understand.  But I plan to figure it out.  Sooner or later.  Until then, you will be here, on my ship, as part of my crew.  As such, you will need these” – he offered her the clothing in his arms – “and in order to make it fair, I will need to assign a chore for you to do while aboard.”
“Fair?” Remy asked, furrowing her brow.  “You took me from my world and brought me to yours.”
“I saved your life,” Nick snapped.  He looked surprised that the harsh tone had come from his mouth, and rolled his shoulders back as though he yearned to get a hold of himself.  “Listen, there isn’t any other option for you right now, is there?  You’re stuck here, whether we like it or not.  Now take these.”  He gestured at the clothes in his arms once again.  “You’ll thank me later, I assure you.  These are much more comfortable than that contraption.”  He gestured at her corset as Remy took the offered clothing.  
“And what is my chore that you are forcing me to do?” Remy asked.
Nick did not answer her.  He gripped both of her shoulders and turned her around so that her back was facing his chest and started to unlace her corset.
“What are you doing?” she demanded, trying to tear herself away from Nick’s grasp without dropping the clothes.  “Captain Grey?  Captain Grey?”
“Are you telling me you can unlace this yourself?” he asked her in a soft, husky voice.  
She could feel his hot breath on the bare slope of her neck, his voice caress her ear, and the hairs on her body stood completely erect because of it.  Remy could not get herself to respond only because her voice was not working properly.
“I thought not.”
Nick apparently took her silence as assent.
When he finished, he turned her around.  His fingers felt calloused and warm, and Remy was sure they left some sort of imprint on her skin.  She could still feel them though he was not touching her.  She clutched her clothes tightly to her chest to keep the loose corset up.
“You will wash dishes,” Nick told her.  Surprisingly enough, his eyes were focused in her own and not traveling down to her body.  “And if you do not, you will wash dishes and the deck.  You savvy?”
Remy glared at him.  “I savvy,” she said.
Whatever that meant.
“Good.”  He waved his hand towards the door.  “Now go get changed.  We have dishes that need washing and all that.”
“I am desperately looking forward to it,” she muttered under her breath as she turned and headed out the door.
If she had turned back to look at Nick, she would have seen a small smirk in response to her sarcasm. 








Chapter 7  
The clothes were not as bad as Remy initially believed they would be.  She would never admit it, but they were rather comfortable to wear.  Much more so than the corset she had discarded and even the slip she decided she would wear while sleeping.  There was only so much dirt on the tunic – a white one with a cut that dipped dangerously past her collarbone and sleeves that drowned her arms and reached three inches at least past her longest finger.  The pants were black which prevented her from seeing any stains or dust on them, which was a nice reprieve.  Giselle lent Remy a belt in order to keep her tunic tucked in and her pants from falling down as well as brown boots.  Remy was a bit hesitant with the footwear; they looked quite used and she was not sure where they had been before Giselle gave them to her, but Remy realized she needed them, and as such, had no choice but to wear them.  Giselle also gave her a piece of brown ribbon in order to tie her hair back if she wanted.
Remy was grateful for the ribbon.  She did not want to even imagine her hair coming in contact with whatever it was she would be cleaning.
However, she missed the feel of the familiar slip against her skin.  It was soft, and while she would admit that it was starting to get dirty, it was still comforting.  It was hers, and came with her to this new world, the only thing she had left of her old world.  Now she had Nick’s clothes on, wearing them because they were supposed to give her the ability to move more freely.  But they were foreign to her.
She already started to feel as though she were losing her identity.
Especially since she had dishes she had to wash – dishes she never would have touched back home.
Remy trudged down the stairs and into the galley.  Her eyes were immediately drawn to the sink, where stacks of plates and some utensils were stuffed just waiting to be polished up, eaten off of, and washed again.  It was like they were mocking her, knowing that she had been doomed to wash them for the rest of her time in the Underworld.
Maybe she really was dead.
At that moment, Nick himself walked in carrying a big bucket of water.  A couple of towels hung over his shoulders, and from further inspection on Remy’s part, she discovered that like the clothes, these towels were not as clean as they could be.  He set the bucket on the long table where eating normally took place, and deposited the towels next to it.
“I think that should do it,” he said.
“I do not know how to do this,” Remy blurted out.  
Nick dropped his mouth open.  “You are telling me,” he began slowly, his brown eyes never leaving Remy’s face, “that you do not know how to wash dishes.”  Then, to himself, “I thought the task was rather self-explanatory myself.”
“I know how to write and read,” Remy said.  The words pooled out of her mouth without pauses or breaks.  She did not know why it was necessary for her to speak so quickly, but she could not stop herself if she tried.  “I can do math and speak three different languages – although Latin is rarely, if ever, spoken anymore – and pick out an outfit that reveals my best features while aptly hiding my flaws.  I can do all of that.  I just do not know how to clean and cook.”
“It is a good thing, then, that I’m not forcing you to cook, aye?” Nick asked her, his lips curled up.  “The food we do have is practically priceless; we make sure that it does not rot or go to waste.  If I made you cook, I’m sure you would be able to find a way to burn soup.  Cleaning, on the other hand, is just common sense.  Here’s what you do: take a dish” – Nick began to follow his own instructions in order to show Remy just how it was done – “dunk it in the water, use one of the towels to wipe the grime off of it, and then use the second towel to dry it.  When you’re finished washing them all, you place the dishes where they go, which is there.”  He pointed at the cupboard.  “Do you think you can handle all of that?”
“Should I not have soap?” Remy asked.  “In order to ensure the grime does come off?”
“We do not have soap,” Nick replied.
“You do not have soap?”
“I’m sorry, is there a parrot in here?”
“How do you bathe?  How do you wash things?  Do you realize you could get diseases eating on a dirty plate?”  Remy could not believe what she was hearing.
“That is why we wash them,” he said, as though he was explaining something complicated to a schoolchild.  
“It does not count without soap,” Remy said.
“On this ship it does.”  He leaned in close so their faces were mere centimeters apart.  “My ship, my rules.  Sorry, darling, but in this instance, I win.”
Remy pressed her lips together and looked away.  “Do I at least get gloves of some sort to protect my hands from the germs that are certain to be on the dishes and probably in this water?”
“No.”  Nick’s voice was flat and uncaring as he pulled away.  “Go on, then.”
Remy gritted her teeth and grabbed one of the plates in the sink with her fingertips after she rolled up the loose sleeves of her new tunic as best as she could.  If she could prevent the filth from touching as less of her hand as possible, she would consider it as a personal accomplishment.  She turned back to the table and nearly dropped it into the water.  Taking the already dirty washrag, she began to wash the dish with both forearms in the water, trying to do her task as fast as she possibly could.
“I’m not sure you’re aware, but the look on your face is priceless,” Nick said with that grin that was starting to annoy Remy more than dirty clothes ever could.
When she finished, she pulled the plate out of the water and dried it with the other towel.  She put it on the table, on top of the one Nick had washed.
“There you go!” Nick exclaimed.  “Now all you have to do is finish the ones in the sink and you’ll be done.  For the day, I mean.”
Remy let out a whimper and turned to head back to the sink.
“While I have you here, I should probably go over the rules of the ship,” Nick said.  “You know, to make sure there are no unnecessary skirmishes with the crew.  Number one” – he counted on his fingers as Remy placed a few dishes into the pot at once – “no killing.  That’s an obvious one, but I felt it was necessary to mention it since you did not know how to do the dishes.  I want you to be able to understand everything so you don’t do something stupid.  If you have any questions, please feel free to stop me and I’ll try to explain them in a way in which even you will understand.”
“Your mockery of my intelligence lacks the humor you think it has,” Remy muttered.
“Number two,” Nick went on, promptly ignoring Remy’s snide remark, “any dispute between you and another crew member should be attempted to be resolved between the two of you.  If it can’t be, bring the matter to me and I’ll resolve it.  But once I make my decision, there’s no overturning it.  I’m the captain, and what I say goes, whether you agree with me or not.
“Number three, any loot we happen to acquire for myself shall be split in this manner: I, as captain, get fifty percent; Edward, as my quartermaster, gets twenty-five percent; Giselle, Adele, and Calum now get seven percent; which leaves you with four percent.  Sorry, darling, but you are the new member, after all.  It is only fair.
“Number four, someone is going to have to teach you to fight because it is quite common for our ship to be attacked by – oh, let’s say the Guard – and I need to trust my members to take care of themselves.  I don’t want to have to worry about you.  Understand?”  He pushed his brow up so it hid underneath his tri-corn hat.
“What is the Guard?” Remy asked.
“The Guard is like the Royal Navy,” Nick explained.  “They make sure that the Law is upheld.”
“The afterlife sounds a lot like Earth,” she pointed out.
“It does.”  Nick sighed through his nose.  “You don’t know much about this world, do you?  Well, when I finish giving you my rules, I’ll tell you more about the Underworld.  You just keep washing those dishes.  I told you the task is easy.  In fact, you should be thanking me for giving you a skill you did not have before.”
Remy looked up in order to glare at him.
“Anyways, moving on.  We were on number five, correct?  Yes, rule number five, do your assigned task.  If everyone does what is required of them, then the ship runs smoothly.
“And finally, number six, respect me as your captain.”  His voice suddenly got low and serious.  “Remember that I am, in fact your captain, and if I give you an order, it is not your right to question it.  Rather, you do as I say.  But I do promise you that I will not take advantage of you or make you do something harmful.  I’m a fair man, after all.”
“I did not know pirates could be fair,” drawled the young dishwasher.
Nick gave her a flat look.  “Aren’t you the jester?” he asked.  “Do you understand and agree to these rules?  I would have you sign the Articles – which are just my rules on a scroll of paper – but seeing as how your hands seem to be momentarily indisposed…”  He grinned once more at the look on Remy’s face.  “Well?”
“Yes, yes, I agree to them,” she said.  She grabbed more dishes from the sink and set them in the water.  “Tell me more about the Underworld now.”
“And what would you like to know?”
“Why is it so similar to Earth?” she asked.  “Why is there a Guard and a Law and ports and that sort of thing when all of these people, save for you, are dead?  I did not think that rules were necessary, especially when dead.”    
“Rules are always necessary.  Structure is important for order to be kept.  If there were no rules, chaos would ensue.”
“And yet, as a pirate, you constantly break them.”  Remy looked up from her task and raised an eyebrow at him.
“It is more fun to break rules than to simply run amuck because we can,” Nick said.  “The Law is quite similar to Earth’s, although one might argue that it is even more important to uphold ours than it is to uphold yours.”
“And why is that?”  She sounded as though she did not believe him, as though she were humoring him.
“Because punishment is much more final here than it is there.”  Nick cocked his head to the side.  “If you are sentenced to death and then executed on Earth, you come here.  It is like a second life, really; you have the option of staying in the Underworld for as long as you like, whether you are waiting for family members or simply aren’t ready to move on.  Sometimes, it is required of a soul to occupy the Underworld if the lesson a person was born to learn was not actually learned during their time on Earth.  They learn it here, in the Underworld.  My crew, save for you and for myself, never learned their lessons on Earth.  It is something that is required to be a part of my crew, to not have learned a lesson.  I cannot, for example, have a soul who wants to wait it out or isn’t ready to move on yet; I must have one who needs to learn a lesson.”
“Why?”
“Because being on a ship forces you to learn a lesson?” Nick drawled with sarcasm.  “I don’t bloody know.  Those are the rules.”
“And who makes the rules that you do not follow?” Remy asked.  “And why follow this one particular rule when you seem to be so good at breaking all the others?”
“You’re just full of the quips, aren’t you?”  A pause before his eyes descended in order to look at his dirty fingernails.  “I follow this rule because I have no other choice.  Souls that are ready to move on are transparent, the kind you saw in the sea.  Those that aren’t ready to leave just yet bring their physical form with them to the Underworld; they look like you and me.  Transparent souls cannot step foot on my ship, even if I wanted them to, and before you ask, I don’t have a clue as to why that is.  It’s just so.
“When it comes to who makes the rules, I also have no idea.  I know that the Creator created this place for the dead and the two places of finality – The Paradise and The Other World.”
“Heaven and Hell,” Remy stated.
“I’m not so sure the places down here are as black and white as the places they teach you during sermon,” Nick said.  “Then again, I cannot cross over to those places because I have not yet died, so I can’t give you a firsthand account of what it is like to move on to either place.  Nobody can really.  Once you’ve moved on, there’s no coming out of it.  You are gone for good.”
“So the Creator makes the rules and he rules over the Paradise, correct?  Does the Devil run The Other World?  And why is it not called Hell?”
Nick gave Remy a dry look.  “You’re just bursting with questions, aren’t you?”  He slid down onto the bench.  “The Creator creates.  Nobody knows if the Creator is a man or a woman so be careful how you address this being.  Also, the Creator can transition from The Paradise to the Other World to Earth to the Underworld, wherever the Creator wants to go.  The Creator does not rule, so to speak, but this world and its structure is because of him or her, as is The Paradise and The Other World.  Both of which, by the way, are not called Heaven and Hell because those names were created by man particularly keen on alliteration.”
“But they are the same places, correct?”
“Again, I don’t know.”
“But if the Creator rules over The Paradise and the Devil rules over The Other World” –
“I never said they did.”  Now, he had a small, knowing smile on his face.  “No, you have it all wrong.  You cannot assume that your religion has everything correct.  The Magistrate rules over The Paradise and James Hook rules over The Other World.  The Magistrate is not all-good and James is not…”
“James is not all bad?” Remy finished when Nick did not.
“I never said that,” Nick said.  “I suppose he cannot be.  Like myself, the Magistrate and James are technically still alive.  They were humans that the Creator picked to rule their respective realm.  Unlike me, they do not get another chance at going back to Earth.  Unless the Creator personally dismisses them, they are here for eternity.”
“Why?”
“How did I know you would ask that?”  Nick thought for a moment, before replying, “I can only speculate but I think it is because consistency is so important here.  When you first die, you are frightened and unsure of the new environment you’re in.  Even if you are ready to move on, people need to be ruled by a leader they can trust, a leader that has experience, that sort of thing.  James has been here nearly the same time as humans have been around.  When he was alive, he had been a Viking.  The Magistrate has been around even longer.  I’m not sure what she was, if I’m being honest.”
“She?”
“I’m sorry, do you have a problem with a woman being in control of something?” Nick inquired with a teasing smile.
“Absolutely not,” Remy said.  “I just… have never heard of such a thing.  I find it refreshing, really.”  She pressed her lips together, another thought rolling around in her mind.  “If the Creator is not around much – at all, even – then who does the Guard answer to?”
“There is a port – Port Haven – with a governor, a commodore, a fleet, that sort of thing,” Nick said, gesturing with his hand.  “But, they really answer to the Magistrate, who acts as the Creator’s right hand man, or in this case, woman.”
“What about James?” Remy asked.
“I don’t think he particularly cares much one way or the other what happens on Earth or here in the Underworld,” Nick said.  “For the most part, he stays in The Other World doing whatever it is rulers do.”  He looked at Remy for a long while.  His brown eyes were searching, but it was another moment before he said something.  “Any other questions, darling?”
“Yes, actually,” Remy said, drying one of the last few dishes.  “If you and the Magistrate and James and even me, if we are all alive down here then are we invincible?” she asked.
“I cannot say,” Nick said.  There was no amusement in his voice; for the first time since her appearance on the Black Star, Nick actually sounded serious.  “All I know is that if a soul that has not yet moved on dies here, whether they drown at sea or somebody kills them, they do not get to move on.  Their soul is lost forever, to some place not even I, The Magistrate, or James knows of.  It’s gone, and I expect it’s gone forever.”
“So…”  Remy swallowed, forcing her eyes to meet Nick’s.  “So I can die here, even though I am technically still alive?”
“Yes,” was Nick’s cryptic response.  “But I would highly suggest against it.”















Chapter 8  
By the time Remy finally finished washing the dishes, Giselle appeared.  She was still wearing the same outfit as she had been before, and her hair was still tied into a neat ponytail with the bandana ensuring that no stray locks of blonde hair littered her face.
“And what will we be having tonight, hmm?” Nick asked from his seat as he watched Giselle head over to the cupboard where the food was kept.  
“I think stew, in honor of our guest,” Giselle said, smiling over at Remy, who was currently busy putting away the dishes.
Nick rubbed his hands together as he licked his lips.  “I love when you say that word,” he murmured.  “Stew.”
Remy rolled her eyes, feeling particularly exhausted.  She did not know that washing dishes was such extraneous work.  She desperately needed to wash her hands.  It was as though she could feel all the grime from the soiled plates, bowls, and utensils crawl up and down her hands.
“Excuse me,” she said, “but I would really like to wash my hands before I eat and would prefer to use soap to do so.”
Both Giselle and Nick turned to look at her, Giselle with a soft, understanding smile on her face, and Nick with a raised eyebrow.
“I’ll show you where you can get some soap,” Giselle offered when Nick still said nothing.  “Nick, why don’t you chop up the onions?”
“I hate chopping,” Nick muttered under his breath, but he got up in order to do so anyways.
“Perhaps he should wash his hands as well,” Remy suggested but Giselle was quick to usher the young girl over to the cabinet of supplies.
“How did your first day go?” Giselle asked.  “Although it isn’t really over, is it?  You still have to wash the dishes after supper.”
“Do I?”  Remy was shocked that her voice was tainted with a whine her parents had forced out of her system at a young age.  Ladies never whined about things which meant Remy never whined.  Until now.  She realized it probably had to do with the fact that she normally got everything she wanted so there really was no reason to whine.  Of course, she knew that getting what she wanted here, on this ship, would be impossible, but whining about it was not going to show these pirates what a mature young woman she was.  Not that she cared what pirates thought of her.
“Well, I suppose not,” Giselle answered, opening the door.  “You could choose to wash them once a day, but I would suggest doing it after supper, so you can do them all at one time and there will not be stacks of them to do in the morning.”
Remy rolled up on her toes in order to peek over Giselle’s shoulders and was surprised to find the cabinet was much larger than she had originally anticipated.  In fact, Giselle could easily step inside and walk around a bit should she choose to.  It reminded Remy of a smaller version of her closet back home.
Home.
She really missed her home, even if she was being forced to marry a man she did not love.  Lord Huntington would have made a desirable husband, whether she loved him or not.
“I’m afraid we do not have any soap,” Giselle said, stepping out of the cabinet.  “But don’t worry.  I’m certain Adele has placed it on her list of supplies.  We’ll probably get some in a few days or so.”
“A few days?” Remy yelped.
“Pipe down, would you?” Nick asked, throwing an annoyed stare over his shoulder at the young girl.  “I know it’s hard to believe, but you will survive without the use of soap.”
Remy opened her mouth to retort, but ended up closing it.  Another thought struck her mind, this one much more pressing than soap.  Would her new-found task cause her delicate hands to be plagued by calluses?

***
Surprisingly enough, the food served at supper was not only edible but actually delicious, despite the fact that it was a simple stew recipe.  Remy had to agree that for a pirate, Giselle was a grand cook.  Instead of being sent off to bed after eating, as her parents would have done, the crew stayed sitting and began to tell stories of their life when they were alive.  Apparently, Edward and his brother had been boxers from Ireland, Calum had been an actual physician in London, Giselle had six younger brothers and sisters and they were from New Orleans in the Americas, and Adele was the daughter of a wealthy tradesman who had a high ranking in the East India Company.  Like Remy, she was from an English port in the Caribbean.  Nick seemed to be the same person here as he had been on Earth; he frequented brothels in Tortuga, sailed around on a ship, and looted whomever it was he could.
“But they always deserved it,” he clarified.
Remy rolled her eyes.  Wicked actions could not be defended, at least in her mind.
When it was time to go to bed, everyone placed their dishes in the sink – Remy stifled a groan, knowing she would be washing them tomorrow – and headed off to their respective rooms.
Remy was surprised that Calum had actually done Giselle’s bidding, that her hammock was already laid out and two trunks were underneath it.  She knelt down and found that he had also placed her slip and corset in one of them.  They were not folded properly, but it was the thought that counted, was it not?
After Remy had changed – she managed to quickly throw off Nick’s clothes before pulling on her slip without Giselle or Adele seeing her – she sat on the hammock and yelped when felt herself drop.  Adele turned, prepared to strike whatever it was that had startled Remy, but when she saw what it was, she started laughing.
Rather obnoxiously, in Remy’s opinion.
Giselle picked up Remy’s fallen pillow and handed it to her.  “You get used to it,” she said.  “I promise.”
Adele was still laughing as she stood on her toes in order to blow out the lit candelabra.  Remy tried to pay the redhead no mind.  Instead, she focused her attention on getting comfortable in a hammock with no back support and actually falling asleep.
It was a long time before the latter happened.  It would seem that Remy’s mind would not quiet.

***
The sunlight that peeked in through the circular window ended up directly on Remy’s face.  So this would be how she would wake up each morning then, with the sun’s rays forcing her eyelids open unless they wanted to burn.
At that moment, the door was thrown open and in walked Calum.  It was not until this very moment that Remy realized she had not yet seen him up close before.  For someone much older than she – perhaps seven-and-twenty or eight-and-twenty – he was sort of handsome, in a rough-around-the-edges way.  He was tall, the tallest man on the ship surpassing Edward by merely an inch, with whiskers scattered across his face.  He had short, dusty brown hair and the clearest green eyes Remy had ever seen in her life.  His shoulders were not as broad as the other men, and he was lankier than they were, but Remy was certain that he made up for it with his obvious intelligence.  He was wearing a blue tunic that fit him just right and beige pantaloons.  Calum’s clothing actually looked… clean.
“Oh good,” he said in what Remy believed was his naturally dry voice.  “You’re up.  The captain wanted me to fetch you.”
“Fetch me?” Remy asked, trying to get out of her hammock without falling.  “Whatever for?  And have you not heard of knocking?  What if I had been changing?”
“You weren’t,” he said.  “Anyways, let’s go lest you want to miss it.”
“Miss what?” Remy asked, managing to stand on her feet.  She yawned before whimpering at the kink in her back.
She missed her bed.
Calum did not answer only because he had already left.  It was only then that she realized her cabin mates were gone.  She was alone.  Where had everyone gone?  Remy felt her lips tug into a frown as she closed the door in order to change.  When she opened both trunks, she realized that she had nothing new to wear, save for Nick’s outfit she had worn the previous day.  She could not remember ever wearing the same outfit twice on Earth and she had hoped she would not have to start now.  The fates were against her, it would seem.
After changing, Remy slid on her boots and headed up on deck.  She saw the rest of the crew crowding at the bow of the ship and went over to join them.
“What is going on?” she asked in a hushed whisper.  The environment seemed to call for quietness though Remy could not explain as to why.
“Just watch,” Nick murmured in a low voice from beside her.  He pointed ahead, at the thick fog that surrounded the ship.
Remy’s eyes followed where Nick was pointing, but for the life of her, she could not see anything.  This reminded her of that one time her parents took her back to London when she was eleven.  Fog followed them everywhere they went, and it was hard to appreciate the place in which she had been born, before her father was assigned to live in Port George.
Unlike in London, the fog here started to break and Remy was able to begin to make out more ocean.  However, the ocean broke off into two parts, still littered with fog though not as thick as before; one direction went to the left and the other went to the right.  The ship could continue sailing straight ahead, or at least that was what Remy assumed, but Nick called for Edward to anchor the ship where it was.
“This is where we leave the souls,” Nick told Remy.  “Something inside them, they feel motivated to leave the ship and go either left – to The Paradise – or right – to The Other World.  I can’t explain how it happens, but watching them reminds me of a sunset: each time is different but it is always beautiful.”
Remy felt touched by Nick’s words, and she felt herself swallow.  She did not know pirates could appreciate something as simple as a sunset.  Her eyes watched the water, though she could not help taking a step forward to get a better view of what would take place in mere moments.
“Captain,” Adele said, running over to Nick’s side.  “We have company.”
Remy craned her neck over her shoulder, watching as Adele handed Nick the spyglass.  The redhead was pointing to the right.  Remy looked in that direction but could not see what it was that had gotten the young woman so riled up.  
Until the ship emerged from the fog. 
Nick placed his palm flat on Remy’s stomach and pushed her back from the edge.  The young girl was prepared to open her mouth and lecture him for numerous reasons including touching her without her permission and touching her naval as though he owned it, but the look on his face stopped her.  Remy would not say Nick appeared to be scared because she felt that such a thing was impossible.  But there was a caution that tainted his chiseled face, a caution she did not know existed inside of him.  As such, she allowed him to draw her back from the bow of the ship.
“Don’t do anything stupid,” he whispered to her, his voice low and demanding.
Once again, Remy frowned, this time at the assumption that she would do something stupid.
“Who is that?” she asked him.
Nick did not answer.
“Captain,” Edward called before appearing by Nick’s side.  Remy could tell his blue eyes were the same as Nick’s, cautious but hard.  Any tension that had been stewing between the two men – at least on Edward’s part - had temporarily vanished.  Business, it would seem, was more pertinent than exasperation.  “Should I lift anchor?”
“No,” Nick said, keeping his gaze fixed firmly on the oncoming ship and shaking his head.  Remy noticed him fiddling with the lace around his wrist.  He must be nervous, she realized.  But why?  Her eyes narrowed as she abruptly realized that the lace looked particularly familiar…  “We’ll see what he wants.”
“What who wants?” Remy asked, but her question went unanswered once more.
Clenching her jaw together in order to stop herself from demanding an answer, she turned her eyes back to the ship and tried to find clues as to who it belonged to.  It was much grander than Nick’s ship.  There had to be at least four levels to it, not including the deck that held men wearing the exact same attire as everyone on the Black Star: a tunic, pantaloons, and boots.  The ship appeared older than Nick’s but in just as good, if not better condition.  The mast was nearly double the size and instead of white (and quite dirty) sails, these ones were a smoky grey.  If one did not see that they belonged to a ship, the sails could be mistaken for the smoke from a fire or a heavy storm cloud.  The bow had the statue of a nearly naked woman – a mermaid, Remy realized – with long flowing hair and details of the scales on her tail.  Her lifeless eyes looked ahead of her and her left arm was stretched in front of her, reaching for something just out of her grasp.  The name of the ship was Draumr Vándr.  Remy did not know what it meant, but she felt herself take a step toward Nick, who had since dropped his hand from her belly, nonetheless.
“What does it mean?”
Remy assumed she would not get an answer, but Nick surprised her.  She did not even have to explain what she meant.
“It loosely translates to Bad Dream or Nightmare,” he said.  “Now, please darling” – he turned his head so he could lock eyes with her.  All the mischief had disappeared, replaced by a seriousness Remy did not know existed in him – “don’t say or do anything, really.  Anything at all.”
By this time, the ship had pulled up to the Black Star’s starboard side so both ships were about two to three feet apart.  If a person from either ship grabbed onto a rope normally used to keep a sail up and running, it would not be difficult for them to swing over.
And then, Remy saw the most beautiful man she had ever laid eyes upon in her entire life.  He was walking towards the side of his own ship, probably in order to converse with Nick about whatever it was they needed to discuss.  He moved with the grace of a cat, with steady purpose, and carried himself as royalty might have, with his chin tilted up slightly and his eyes directly in front of him.  They were blue, by the way.  His eyes.  A color she had never seen before, actually.  Striking.  A cool color.  He was tall, much taller than Nick.  Well past six foot.  Probably taller than even Calum by an inch or two.  His short blonde hair was brushed back and off to the side so it was out of his face and every lock was accounted for.  Despite the fact that he seemed to be an expert on sailing – though Remy was not sure why she believed that other than his sheer confidence on his ship – his skin was still pale, but not sickly.  There were no whiskers on the lower half of his face which meant he shaved regularly.
Which meant he probably had not run out of soap.
His clothing was crisp and pressed, fitting his body as though they were tailor-made for him.  He, too, was wearing a similar outfit – built for comfort rather than style – but Remy did not spy a single speck of dirt on them from her standing position.  He was wearing a sky-blue tunic that only brought out his eyes tucked neatly into black pantaloons.  Black boots completed the outfit, and they looked quite polished.  The outfit also revealed his broad shoulders and lean physique.
For whatever reason, Remy felt herself blushing as a result of simply looking at him.
“Nick.”  His voice was dark velvet, smooth but with a hint of danger embedded in his low tone.  He did not shout, and Remy doubted that he ever would.  There was no reason for him too; she had a feeling that whatever room he walked into, no matter how filled with occupants it was, people would stop and stare, giving him their attention on a silver platter.  His perfect posture demanded respect and she was certain people gave it to him, whether they believed he deserved it or not.
“James.”
Remy snapped her head to Nick, her eyes questioning, but he pointedly ignored her.
No wonder everyone seemed both intimidated and awed by him at the same time.  He was James Hook, ruler of The Other World.
“Is there something you needed?” Nick asked.  “It is not every day I am honored by your presence.”
The left side of James’s lips curled up, but the grin did not reach his eyes.  “Needed is not the word I would have used,” he explained.  “But I think I found her.”
Suddenly, his eyes were on Remy, and completely beyond her control, she felt herself straighten and all the air leave her body.  Those blue eyes, those piercing blue eyes could see right through her.  She knew it.  He was looking directly at her soul, he was learning all of her secrets, and there was nothing she could do about it because she was paralyzed under his gaze.  And loathe as she was to admit it, she liked it, and she did not understand why.
Nick stepped in front of Remy, shielding the majority of her body with his own.
“I see you’ve acquired a new crewmember,” James said, finally pulling his eyes away from Remy in order to look back at Nick.  Remy felt as though she had just broken free from a spell.  “Might you introduce me to her?”
“I think not,” Nick said tightly.
“Manners were never your strong suit, were they?” James asked.  He cocked his head to the side, crossing his arms over his chest.  “I know what she is, Grey.  Even from here, I can hear the sound of her accelerated heartbeat, can feel that she is alive.  There is something amiss with this picture.  She is not destined to rule a realm or ferry the souls, and yet she is alive in The Underworld.  Why?”
“If all you’re going to do is waste my time with nonsensical questions, I plan to hoist anchor and leave,” Nick said.
“If you do that, how will I ever be able to deliver my warning to you?” James asked.  A small smile played on his lips when he knew Nick was fully listening, would not leave as the pirate just threatened to do so.  “Ah, I thought you might be interested.  Smart decision you’ve made, Captain, since your life is at stake.”         








Chapter 9  
“And how is my life at stake, exactly?” Nick asked in a flat tone.
It sounded to Remy as though Nick did not quite believe what James had just said, and yet she could tell that perhaps Nick was not willing to take the chance that James could be lying to him.  Could James even lie, she wondered?
“Certainly even you have heard the rumors of a mysterious ship sailing our waters and killing souls,” James stated.  “For no apparent reason, other than to do so.”
“I have heard of this, yes,” Nick drawled, still not ready to commit one way or another to James’s obvious baiting.
“Well, I happened to have acquired the name of the captain of said ship,” James said.  
His voice always had an element of coldness in it, Remy noticed.
“And why, pray tell, would you give me the name?” Nick asked.  He furrowed his brow.  “In fact, why should I even care about who this so-called person is?  I highly doubt they would even think to threaten me, considering I have been appointed to my position by the Creator.  Without me, there will be no one to ferry the souls.”
“You overestimate your value.  You are easily replaced, Nick.”  He paused.  “As to why this information might be important for you to know…”  He let his voice trail off and turned to a woman standing silently by his side. 
A woman Remy had not noticed before.
A woman who caused Remy’s heart to sink.
Of course he was involved with someone, she thought sullenly to herself.  How could he not be?
When her own thoughts reached her ears, she immediately blushed and then started to wordlessly scold herself for such ridiculous musings, especially when something so important was happening before her.
The mystery woman produced a sword of some sort from the sheath hanging from a belt on her side and handed it to James.
Without even realizing it, Remy began to study the woman, making comparisons and stacking up their differences.  She, too, had alabaster skin that Remy could not help but envy.  It had barely been a day since Remy’s abrupt arrival here and already her skin had a light bronze to it which she knew would only grow worse.  The woman’s hair was pulled back from her face with a black ribbon – at least, that was the color Remy assumed the ribbon was, unless it was a dark blue – so her face was left bare of any stray locks.  Her hair was the same color as the petals of a sunflower, and the strands had a slight curve to them, like the stem of the flower did.  From where she was standing, Remy believed her eyes were a strange color of amber and brown, a mixture that probably favored one color depending on her mood.  She was a couple of inches shorter than Remy, standing at five foot five if Remy had to guess.  She was wearing black pantaloons and a white tunic, but unlike Remy’s own outfit, this woman seemed to be wearing clothing that was custom-made to fit her because instead of masking her fit body, the attire revealed it as though it could not keep the secret.  Her black boots reached her knee, and much like James, there was no dirt, no wrinkles, nothing that would suggest she did not wash at least once a day and probably never wore the same outfit twice.
“Ah yes,” James said.  The same small, knowing smile was on his lips as he took whatever it was that the woman handed him.  “Here it is.”  He held up what looked to be a fire poker, not a sword, except as Remy scrutinized it more, she noticed that there was not an actual poker.  Rather, the tool formed what appeared to be a snake at the end of it.  “Certainly you recognize this, Nick.”
Remy felt Nick tense behind her.  When she glanced up at him, she saw that his brown eyes had darkened, along with his face, and his lips were pressed into a thin line.
“Apparently this was recovered from one of the many attacks,” James explained, dropping his blue eyes to look at the poker.  “Obviously it is not something an everyday sailor and certainly not any pirate would have just lying around.”
“Certainly not,” Nick agreed in a tight voice.  Remy saw his jaw pop and from the corner of her eye, noticed that the captain clenched and unclenched his fingers into fists.  For whatever reason, Nick seemed to be affected by the poker.  But why?
“You know who I speak of, then?” James asked, but of course, he already knew Nick’s answer.  Those blue eyes danced because he knew.
“There is not a pirate in The Underworld who does not know who you speak of,” Nick said in the same low, controlled voice.  Remy was not sure if she liked how serious Nick sounded.  Perhaps it was not something she was used to as of yet.
“I thought so,” James said.
“That still begs the question of why you were so kind enough to tell me, James.  I know you pretty well, and you are anything but kind.”
“Perhaps, but I am a fair man.”  He handed the poker back to the woman at his side and she replaced it into her sheath.  “There are many things we disagree upon, Nick, but you are still the Transporter.  You still ferry souls to me.  However you choose to live your existence is not something I care much for as long as you get me my souls.  And normally you do.  Certainly they may not come at a consistent rate probably due to the fact that you seem to constantly be running away from the Guard, but the souls come.  I would like to know, then, why the number of souls you have brought the last few times have been substantially less than normal.”  It was suddenly James’s voice that had turned dark, and Remy felt herself straighten at the sound of it.
“I did not notice,” Nick responded.  Despite James’s harsh tone, Nick had a casual air about him.  Remy was not sure if that made him confident, stupid, or both.  “It is not my job to stop and count how many souls are at The Alley.  I pick them up and drop them off.  That is all.”
“That is not all,” James said in a rush.  He must have realized he lost control over himself temporarily because he paused, his blue eyes staring at Nick with an intensity Remy had never felt before.  “How can that be all,” he continued, this time more slowly, “when you obviously have a new crewmember?  Where did she come from, I wonder?”
“That is none of your concern,” Nick said, taking a step in front of Remy once more.  She could not see the look currently on his face, but she could certainly feel how rigid he was.
James smiled at Nick’s protective gesture over the young girl, but it did not reach his eyes.  “Actually, I beg to differ with you,” he said.  “In fact, I think it’s especially my concern.”
“Sir.”  The voice was quiet though feminine, and it took Remy a moment to realize that it was the woman standing next to James.  She began to speak in a language Remy did not understand but as she listened, she found that she liked it.  Especially when he replied in the same language, in his smooth, chocolate tone.
“What are they saying?” Remy whispered to Nick, keeping her eyes firmly locked on James in front of her.
“I do not speak Viking,” Nick replied dryly.  He, too, kept his eyes ahead of him, as though he did not completely trust James enough to take his eyes off of him.
“It’s actually Old Norse,” James said, turning back to the Black Star.  “I taught it to Magdalena.  Oh, I’m sorry.  I don’t think you’ve been acquainted with her.  Magdalena Raybourn has been with me for at least a hundred years.  I trust no one as I trust her.”
“One hundred years,” Remy murmured to herself.  “That is one thousand years on Earth.”
“Correct,” James said.  His eyes, once more, were on Remy, and they burned through her to her very core.  Again, her muscles were tense; she could not move if she tried.  In fact, she found it hard to believe that even her heart was still beating.  “I apologize, I do not think we’ve been introduced.  My name is James Hook.  And you are?”
“She’s none of your concern,” Nick repeated before Remy could speak.
Remy narrowed her eyes at Nick’s back, and before she could fully think about what she was doing, stepped around the pirate and said, “Actually, my name is Remy Cutler.”
The woman, Magdalena, nudged James’s arm with her shoulder, and shot her amber eyes ahead of her.  There did not seem to be a need to verbalize whatever it was she was trying to communicate.  James turned his head to look at his crew, drawing Remy’s attention to them as well.  
They were all looking at her!
And not only that, some of them were actually walking towards her.
“Didn’t I tell you not to say anything stupid?” Nick asked lowly, snapping his neck around in order to look at Remy.
“I did not know that introducing myself was a form of idiocy,” Remy returned with just as much spite.
“I see the two of you seem to be disagreeing about something,” James called.  “How unfortunate.  Nick, would you mind telling me how you managed to bring a young girl down here who is, in fact, alive?”
Remy frowned.  She was seventeen years of age, not a mere girl.
“See?” Nick asked through gritted teeth.  “Now please, do us all a favor and keep.  Your.  Mouth.  Shut.  Aye?”
Remy wanted to say, no, not aye, but the more she continued to look at James, the more she felt a shiver slide down her back.  Certainly he was handsome, and certainly she was attracted to him.  But she did not know who he was and the way those blue orbs were looking at her, she thought they were hungry.  For what, she did not know, but it would seem he expected her to fulfill it in some way.
“My souls,” James continued, his voice taking a darker tone but somehow remained just as smooth, “seem drawn to Miss Cutler.  Why?”
Nick opened his mouth to reply, but Edward cut him off.
“Captain, the souls have been dispensed,” he said.
Nick nodded and looked back at James.
“Not quite sure how to answer that one, mate,” Nick said quickly.  The charm had laced itself back into his voice.  “But you have your souls, however few they may be.  I’m off then.  Until next time.  It was nice to meet you, Magdalena,” he called to the woman.
Her eyes darkened to a bronze.  “That is Miss Raybourn to you,” she said coldly.
“Miss Raybourn, of course.”  Nick reached up and wiggled his fingers in a casual wave.  “Ta.”
“Nick.”  James’s voice was similar to Magdalena’s, but his was harsher, icier.  Much more intimidating.  “This is not over.  I will learn of the significance of Miss Cutler, why and how she is here.  You should do well enough to avoid Captain Pan.  We wouldn’t want anything to happen to her.”  Again, those eyes.  Again, Remy shivered.  “And you, of course.”
“Of course,” Nick said, forcing a smile.  “Calum, lift the anchor.  Edward, set sail for Tenedor.  Adele, you have that list of supplies with you, aye?  Don’t lose it.  We should be there soon.”
As the ship began to move, Nick hurried away in order to take the wheel himself.  Remy’s feet were rooted to the deck.  She could not look away from James.  And interestingly enough, he could not pry his eyes away from her either.
It was only until the fog around James and his ship thickened and Nick pulled Remy away from the bow of the Black Star was she finally released from James’s spell.  She blinked once and then chanced a glance up at Nick.  He was not glaring at her, per se, but his hands were on his hips and his eyebrows were pushed together as his eyes stared at her.  It almost looked as though he were trying to figure her out.
“You need to be more careful,” he told her after another moment had passed between them.  “This is not Earth.  You cannot just converse with people you don’t know.  Something could happen.”
“I highly doubt he could jump across the water and onto this boat in order to cause me harm,” Remy said, raising a skeptical brow.
“First of all, darling, it’s a ship.  Not a boat, a ship.  It’s actually disrespectful to mistake the two.  A ship is much more superfluous than a boat.  Obviously.  You’re a smart girl.  I know you know that.”  He cleared his throat.  “Number two, again, you forget we are not on Earth.  Your rules of logic do not apply here.  It is much different.  And when it comes to James, you’d be surprised what he is capable of accomplishing.”
“You mentioned where we are going,” Remy said, shifting her weight.  The sun had slowly raised high in the sky during their brief conversation with the ruler of The Other World, causing the back of Remy’s neck to accumulate with sweat.  Sweat.  Something Remy was not used to doing at such a consistent rate.  
“Tenedor,” Nick replied.
Remy waited for him to say something else, but all Nick did was turn on the heel of his boot and start to walk towards the helm.  “Wait!” Remy called after him.  She reached down to pick up her skirts but when her fingers did not come in contact with the silk material, she remembered that she was in Nick’s clothing – clothing that was supposed to be more comfortable and help her move around much easier than a dress might.  She hated to admit it, but the function of the clothing was actually serving its purpose.  Which meant that Nick had, indeed, been right.  Especially when her long strides in the pants allowed Remy to catch up with the pirate much quicker than her dress ever would have.
“Wait!” she said again, walking by his side in order to keep up with him.
Nick stopped rather abruptly, causing the young girl to run into him.  Since the pirate was solid – much more solid than Remy had originally anticipated – he did not move at her literal encounter with him, but she nearly fell back.  She made a small ‘oomph’ as she righted herself, but instead of letting the bump slow her down, she took advantage of the fact that Nick had stopped and looked at her in order to ask, “What is Tenedor, exactly?  What is the dress code?  Do you think my attire is too casual?  If so, I request a new dress so I can look my best.”
Nick pressed his lips together, but the right corner twitched and an amused smirk broke out.  He crossed his arms over his chest.  “Darling, Tenedor is a small island where we stop by to pick up supplies and sleep on solid ground,” he explained.  “Let me think.”  He placed the tip of his index finger on his chin; it was a look Remy was beginning to associate with him thinking deeply.  “Ah.  I remember.  Are you familiar with an island near your home in Port George called Tortuga?”
“Not personally, no,” Remy said once she had caught her breath.  “But I have heard of it.  My father says only the seediest, vilest of people end up on Tortuga that not even the Royal Navy will set foot on the island in fear that the grime will taint their pristine uniforms.  Looting and pillaging and other activities of a scandalous nature take place there.  It is not a proper environment for a girl of my upbringing.”  She tilted her head ever so slightly.  “Why?  What does Tortuga have to do with Tenedor?”
“Well, darling, they’re one and the same,” he said.  “Well, obviously not the same.  But the island is filled with vile people, prostitutes, pirates and thieves, and the scum of the souls who don’t actually want to pass on, but instead want to liquor up, pick some pockets, and sleep with women for as cheaply as they can.”
With each passing word, Remy felt her face contort into a look of disgust.
Nick, upon seeing it, felt his grin expand.  “I see I haven’t sold you on the wonders of Tenedor,” he said.  “No?  Well I suppose the only way to truly appreciate such a marvelous place is to immerse yourself in it and experience it personally.”
“You do not actually think that I will set foot on that island, do you?” Remy asked.  She was appalled at the idea.  There was no way a girl like her would be caught on an island such as Tortuga.  Or Tenedor, for that matter.  “What kind of girl do you take me for, Captain Grey?”
“A girl who doesn’t wish to perish just after arriving,” Nick said.  “You remember we have no idea what happens to you if you die here, yes?  I know that souls who die here lose themselves forever.  If I, or the Magistrate, or James die here, our souls are lost here forever as well.  We were cursed, other souls died.  You are neither of those, are you?  Perhaps you lose your soul and are lost forever.  Perhaps you return to Earth.  Are you willing to find out?”
“Of course not,” Remy said, placing her hands on her hips.  “How am I supposed to get harmed, though, if I choose to remain on the ship?  I will be safe here.”
“You will not,” Nick said.  “You’re a pretty young thing who obviously does not belong.  You’ll be pillaged, my dear, an easy target if you remain on the ship.  Of course, looters rarely ever mess with the Black Star because everyone living in The Underworld knows that she’s my ship.  But they might be tempted if they saw a little chit like you walking around.”
“I will stay out of sight,” Remy said.
“You’re telling me you’d risk harm to yourself by choosing to remain behind all.  By.  Your.  Self?”  Nick raised his brows.  “I know you’re not stupid.  It’s common for docked ships to get raided for supplies.  Women on ships are not common.  You’d be – how can I put this in a way you’d understand?  You’d be a new dress custom-made with the richest of silks to a poor girl who’s never had so much as a hot meal in a long while.  Do you understand what I’m saying?”
Remy swallowed.  Her stubbornness wavered just a bit.  Nick had been here for nearly one hundred Earth years.  Perhaps she should take his warning into consideration.
“Captain,” Edward called.  Since Nick had never reached the helm, the quartermaster was still there.  “Tenedor, up ahead.  I’d say we’ll be docking in a half an hour.”
Nick waved, acknowledging Edward’s announcement, but he kept his eyes fixed on Remy.
“So what say you, darling?” he asked.  “Are you coming with us or will you take your chances here, by yourself?”












Chapter 10  
Remy knew she did not have a choice.  Remy knew that Nick knew that she did not have a choice judging by the look currently etched out onto his face.  She hated that grin, the one that said that he was right and he knew it.  One day, she would figure out a way to remove it herself.  But now, she had to acquiesce that he was correct, that she had no other choice but to listen to his advice.
“I will come with you,” she muttered.  Her eyes narrowed at him, and even though she was glaring, it did not seem to bother Nick in the slightest.
In fact, his grin only deepened, revealing his gold teeth, and he clapped his hands together.  “Oh goodie,” he said.  “I knew you’d come around to my side.  Before we depart, there are certain things that we must go over.”  His tone grew lower, more serious.  “No matter what, you are to stay by my side the entire time we’re on the island, no matter what.  Until we part ways to sleep – because we will all be sleeping in individual rooms at an inn, though I’ll probably have Giselle share a room with you for safety purposes – you are to never leave my sight under no circumstances.  Do I make myself clear?”
Remy said nothing, but nodded her head once.  She felt her body tense due to the impact of his words, and while she wanted nothing more than to rebel, she knew it would be in her best interest to listen to Nick when it concerned her safety.
“Good.”  Nick, too, seemed surprised by Remy’s easy compliance, but he did not mention it in fear that it would start some sort of argument between them.  “Number two, you are not to interact – at all – with anyone on the island unless I say it’s all right.”
This time, Remy could not keep her mouth shut.  “You are not my father, Captain Grey,” she said firmly.  “You cannot forbid me from speaking.”
“Perhaps not, but it would be in your best interest to do so.”  His voice had gotten firmer as well.  “Since I’ve been here nearly a century, I believe I am much more familiar with Tenedor than you.  In fact, while I was on Earth, I frequented Tortuga quite often.  I have many scars due to my constant visits because, as surprising as it may seem, not everybody found me endearing.  And, as offensive as this may sound, not everyone is going to find you as endearing as you think you are.  So do us a favor, because I really just want to enjoy the island without incident since I don’t get to come here as often as I want and don’t want to have to worry about taking care of you, keep your mouth shut.  Understand?”
“I do not understand how my opening my mouth to speak could get me killed,” Remy said.
“You wouldn’t, would you?” Nick asked.  Immediately, Remy recognized Nick’s dry tone, and her eyes narrowed at him once more.  “That’s because back where you come from, people had to listen to you.  They didn’t have a choice.  I’m sure that if they had, you would have very few friends.”
Remy flinched at the assault his words had on her, and she felt her face heat up with humiliation.  For reasons she did not understand and did not care to think about, tears began to accumulate around the bottom lids of her eyes, but she quickly blinked them away before they could fall.  Certainly he was being cruel to make a point and not because he was actually correct.  Certainly she would still retain her friends if she did not come from the Cutler family.
Nick looked somewhat regretful for the comment that had slipped out of his mouth, but he did not apologize for it.  If anything, his eyes seemed to harden and he went on.  “So keep your mouth shut.  Honestly, darling, your words could get you killed here, and we don’t want that, do we?”
Remy set her jaw and shook her head.  She refused to speak, knowing that if she did, her voice would reveal just how much the previous statement hurt.  And there was no way she wanted Nick to hear her voice crack.  
“Good.”  He seemed surprised by her silence.  “We shall only be staying for one night.  Adele and Edward normally leave the ship and head straight on over to put our order in for supplies.  The ship gets stocked the next morning.”
“Captain,” Edward called, and Remy could detect the clear impatience in his naturally dry voice.  He was standing with Calum, Giselle, and Adele, all of which had a small bag with them.  Probably with a change of clothes inside, or anything else they might want to keep rather than have the inhabitants of Tenedor steal while they were away from the ship.  “Boat’s ready when you are.”
“We’re coming,” Nick replied.  He turned his attention back on Remy.  “Are you ready, then?”
Remy pressed her lips together to refrain from retorting something unladylike.  If Nick wanted her silent, then she would be silent.  She nodded her head, and without waiting for an invitation, proceeded to head over to where the rest of the crew was waiting.  She had yet to be offered a small bag herself, but other than her slip, corset, and slippers, she had no possessions aboard the ship that she would worry about.  She wished she had a new change of clothes, however, because her sensitive nose was starting to pick up the stench of the ones she currently wore.  And if she could smell them, she was sure everyone else could too.
“Your first visit to Tenedor,” Giselle murmured once Remy reached earshot.  “How excited you must be.”
Remy forced a smile, but still said nothing.
Giselle nodded in understanding.  “It’s really not all that bad,” she said.  “At least not once you get used to it.”
“Let’s go,” Adele said.  Her brown eyes found Remy’s and she nodded her head.  “Come on, missy.  You first.”
Remy walked over to the side of the ship and looked over, only to find that a small boat was softly tapping against the Black Star, waiting for its insides to be occupied.  It was attached to the ship by ropes.  She felt her heart skip a beat at how far the boat seemed from the deck and she pulled herself upright.
“Perhaps someone else should go before me so I can see what I am expected to do, exactly,” she suggested.
“Oh, for heaven sake’s,” Adele said with a roll of her eyes.  With the grace of a swan, she threw herself onto the banister and reached her legs downward until her feet hooked to the subtle ladder attached to the ship.  Remy watched intently as the redhead proceeded to descend, and with such quickness.  Adele had not missed a step and then landed in the boat.  She looked back up at Remy expectantly, her hands on her hips.  “Well?  Did you take copious notes, or do I have to do it again?”
If Remy was not so focused on the task she knew she would have to do, she would have snapped at Adele’s rude comment.  Instead, she swallowed and placed her hands on the surface of the banister.
All right, you can do this, she told herself in her mind.  It is just like climbing out of the window in your room.  It is just like climbing out of the window in your room.
Clenching her jaw, she pushed herself up so she was sitting on the ship’s banister.  With shaky hands, she turned herself around.  Now she would have to extend her leg out until her foot touched the first step of the ladder.  She pushed her leg downward, her breath hitching at the fact that for what seemed like a long while, her foot hit nothing but air.  She tightened her grip on the edge to the point where her knuckles turned white, just in case.  It did not soothe her that if she did, in fact, fall, she would hit water and not solid ground.  She would still fall nonetheless, and she absolutely loathed the feeling of falling.
“We haven’t got all day, you know.”  Adele’s taunt seemed far away.  Still, Remy had yet to respond, her attention solely on the task at hand.
After what felt like forever, Remy felt her foot reach the first stair.  She could not help the sigh of relief or the smile of delight if she tried.  Yes, she knew she still had to make it down to the boat, but she had just accomplished – quite literally – the first step of attaining that goal.  All she had to do was take her left foot and place it next to her right one.
There.
And now, the next step.  And then the next one.
Remy realized she would have to release the sturdy banister and place her hands on the ladder’s handles, but it was easier than she expected when she did so one hand at a time.
She continued onward.  One step, and then the next.  And the next, until there were no more steps left for her feet.
Again, Remy’s breath left her as she struggled to place her foot somewhere that was solid, something that could hold her weight.  Before she could reach the small boat herself, Adele reached up and grabbed Remy’s waist, yanking her down until her feet were forced to touch the bottom of the boat.  Before she could stop herself, Remy pushed Adele away from her and said in a ragged voice, “Don’t you ever touch me!”
Adele looked at her in surprise.  It was a good thing Adele was used to keeping her balance while standing in a boat or else she would have tumbled over and taken Remy with her, but at that moment, Remy did not care what consequences the action might have produced.  She was still shaken up by the fact that Adele had completely thrown her concentration off simply because the redhead could not hold onto her patience.  Remy felt her hands twitch as she slowly slid into a sitting position, keeping her eyes fixed firmly on the clear water ahead of her.
She had made it.  Remy wanted to laugh and cry.  Even with Adele’s interference, she had reached the bottom safely.  Again.
It was not long before the boat was filled with the rest of the crew.  Calum and Edward each grabbed an oar and proceeded to row them in the direction of the island Remy assumed was Tenedor.  Nick sat at the head of the boat, Adele at the back, and Giselle sat beside Remy on a bench between Nick and the two rowing men.  Remy craned her neck so she could watch the Black Star begin to fade from sight, and at that moment, a thought struck her.
“The Black Star is anchored quite a distance away from land,” Remy said to Nick.  “Why would drunken buffoons make the effort to steal a boat, row it over to the ship, climb up the ladder, loot the ship, only to have to climb back down with the items and row the boat back to the island all while ensuring they are not caught?”
“What’d we say about keeping our mouth shut?” Nick asked with a raised brow.
Remy glared.  He had tricked her!  How dare he!
Once the boat had reached the island, Nick tied it up and stepped onto the dock.  The crew followed Nick’s suit, Remy making sure to stay close to the pirate captain.  Currently, he flipped a gold coin – did people have the same monetary system here as they did back home, she wondered – to the dock master, who scrawled down what Remy assumed was a fake name, and let the six of them pass.
The sun was being pulled away from the sky, but it was not yet evening.  Already, Remy peered at her new surroundings and decided she did not like them.  People dressed in raggedy clothing who probably had not seen a bathtub in their entire lives were quite common to see, and they technically were not in town as of yet.
“Same place?” Edward said, breaking Remy out of her thoughts.
“Aye,” Nick said with a nod.  “We’ll be at the Albatross.  Same table too.”
“Why do you assume we’ll get the same table?” Adele asked.  Her voice was not curious; rather, it sounded doubtful and maybe slightly annoyed at Nick’s assumption.  “What if it’s taken?”
“They’ll just give it to me,” Nick said with a shrug.  “I’m Nicholas Grey.  What I want, I get.”
Adele made a sound with her lips pressed together, and along with Edward, proceeded to make their way to the left of the docks to wherever the supply shop was.
Remy thought that they would be following the couple since she believed that would lead them into town.  However, Nick surprised her by spinning on the heel of his boot and heading to the right.  She had to lengthen her stride in order to catch up to him.  When she reached his side, she really did feel safer – though she would never admit this aloud – and as her eyes took in the new scenery, she felt her body slowly start to relax.  Nick smiled at her when he noticed her, and glanced behind him.  Remy followed his gaze and found Giselle and Calum walking side by side, much like she and Nick, enveloped in what appeared to be a rather intimate discussion.
Did they fancy each other?
The body language clearly indicated that that was so.  From the way she leaned in close to him to the way his crystal green eyes never left hers.  But what could Giselle see in Calum anyways?  Of course, he was handsome in his own particular way but he was such a grouchy man while Giselle was so sweet and warm.  How could they possibly have fallen in love with each other?
“Darling, are you even listening to me?” Nick drawled from her side.
Remy blinked.  “Oh, I am sorry,” she murmured, tilting her head up to look at Nick.  “What were you saying?”
“I’m only pointing out to you the rich history that makes up the island,” Nick said.
Remy looked ahead of her, taking in the sights Tenedor had to offer.  It was possibly one of the most interesting places she had ever been, if she was being honest.  Of course there were more people like those that lined the docks – tattered clothes, dirt on their skin, a lack of teeth and sometimes even shoes – but what surprised her was that they all seemed… happy.  As though they did realize their poor circumstances.  That, or they did not care.
Some, Remy could tell, were dangerous.  Whether they were arguing or waving their weapons – yes, they actually waved their weapons on the street in plain sight! – or just had a look about them that caused Remy to shiver.  Some were just trying to get by, and to do that, they sold goods and services, even as the sun went done.  Women offered to read fortunes.  Men offered labor.  
“There are children!” Remy could not help but exclaim when she noticed a few children running about.  They, too, were dirty and seemed to lack any concept of hygiene, but they were laughing and playing.  “Where are their parents?  Should they not be going home for supper?”
“Some children don’t have parents,” Nick reminded her.  “They died and somehow ended up here.  The children that don’t pass on, I believe, aren’t aware they are dead.”
Remy swallowed.  How sad.  To not know you were dead…  She could not imagine it.  They probably continued to wait for their parents each night, wondering where they were, why they did not return to take the children home.  Those that had parents.
She pulled her eyes from the children and took in the small buildings.  Many of them were competing taverns.  She could smell the alcohol and hear the drunken laughter from where she was.  Other buildings offered clothing and repairs, she passed by a blacksmith shop still open despite the setting sun.  The roads were dirt, and as of yet, she had not seen one carriage pass by, which meant that all these people had to walk to get here.
“Where do they live?” Remy asked Nick in a hushed voice, just in case they overheard her and interpreted her question as insulting.
“Through there,” Nick replied, pointing deeper into town.  “On the other side of the island.  Some people don’t have homes and have to sleep wherever they can.”
Remy yelped, interrupting Nick’s speech.  Three muddy pigs suddenly ran out in front of her and she grabbed onto Nick, afraid they would get her outfit even dirtier than it already was.
Nick threw his head back and laughed.
Once Remy had calmed herself down – she heard Calum and Giselle chuckling behind her – she glared at the pirate captain.  “It is not funny,” she said.
“I disagree,” he replied.
Remy clenched her jaw and continued to look around.  The deeper they got into town, the seedier the people seemed to be.  Women in tight dresses with plunging necklines were trying to – well, Remy did not have to explain, did she?  It was rather obvious they were soliciting men to pay for services rendered.  Their faces were painted like war masks and Remy could see that they had no shame in flashing their ankles and calves if they felt the need to.
The men were no better.  Any woman, despite shape, size, age, and color, that walked by were accosted by whistles or stares or sometimes an inappropriate grab.  Remy realized that she was not an exception to this.  Plenty of men stared at her as they walked through town, and she could not help but swallow once more, worried that any of these men might try something with her.  She felt herself lean into Nick so her shoulder was touching his chest.  Normally, she might have done anything to avoid his touch, but now she sought it out.  She wanted to feel safe.
Nick looked down and, perhaps seeing the look on Remy’s face, decided to wrap his arm around her shoulder, pulling her closer to him.
“Not to worry, love,” he told her in a low voice.  “They will not bother you.  Not if they don’t want to answer to me.”  Before Remy could say something, his lips broke out into a smile.  “Ah, we’re here!  Darling, after you have been introduced to the Albatross, you will not want to go to any other tavern!”
Well, that was certainly true.  To an extent.    
 














Chapter 11  
Remy had never been into a tavern before, but Charlie had, and he had told her all about it.  Of course, Charlie never drank, but it was common for him to have to go down to one in order to get his drunken father.  Apparently, taverns reeked of alcohol and smoke.  There was no shame in the people that occupied the place, whether they were drunk or prostituting themselves.  Many times, Charlie had to practically carry his father home because the older man could barely even stand on his own two feet, let alone walk without any aid.  His father embarrassed Charlie by his frequenting of the taverns.  Instead of taking care of his family, Mr. Harrison was apt to spend his wages on alcohol and sometimes even pleasurable company.  Which, of course did not make sense to Remy, considering her was married to Charlie’s mother.
“There are certain things in this world that do not make sense, Remy,” Charlie had told her.  “Things are not black and white, but rather grey.  Keep a sharp eye and don’t let people fool you.”
He also told her that a tavern was no place for a girl like her, and she believed him.
Now, she could see why Charlie did not want anywhere near one of these vile places.
Like the majority of Tenedor, the Albatross was filled with people that could only be described as poor.  Filthy would also be an apt word.  However, that did not deter from the happy atmosphere that seemed to taint the tavern.  Singing – though singing done off-key – filled Remy’s ears as Nick proceeded to head to the back of the surprisingly small building.  Some people were doing a jig in the small space between the tables and bar, but Remy, from where she was, could not tell if the dancing couples were drunk or if they truly wanted to dance.  She thought she heard someone playing a violin in an upbeat tempo – the music did not go along with whatever song it was the people were singing – but she could not make out the player.  She was surprised by how crowded the tavern was, and more than that, how little space it offered its patrons.  For a tavern that supposedly served the best rum in The Underworld, it was quite small.  That, however, did not deter from its obvious popularity.  All sorts of people were here; everyone from sailors to prostitutes, pirates and even a member of the Guard.
At least, that was what Remy assumed.  He was in a formal-looking uniform, which he seemed to soiling currently given that there were not one but two women of the night occupying his lap.
Speaking of that particular occupation, it was not hard to discern Nick’s own favoritism among the nightly workers.  Nearly each and every woman in the tavern had turned in order to watch Nick walk through the place until he reached his normal seat.  Remy had never seen the glint in the women’s eyes; it was something feral, territorial.  A hunger the young girl could not explain.  The man was a pirate and dressed like a notch above a street beggar.  Why would they be as animalistically attracted to him as these women seemed to be?  There was nothing Nick could offer them; even if he wanted a woman to travel the sea with him, company while he did his transporting duties (though Remy had a feeling that that was highly unlikely, given by number of women looking at him), he could not take them aboard.  Right?  Did they not have to personally be invited by Nick and have some sort of lesson they needed to learn?  If these women were still selling their bodies for profit, Remy doubted that they had any intention of learning their lesson in the near future.
Which was to obviously stop being a prostitute.
Her eyes caught sight of a secluded staircase pressed up against a wall leading up to a second floor.  But why would a tavern need a second floor?
Remy turned her eyes from the crowd when Nick stopped in front of her.  He was smiling – the gold in his mouth tinting off the multiple candles that kept the place lit and lively – as his brown eyes took in what was in front of him.  It was nothing special, just a corner table with five unoccupied chairs surrounding it.  There was a candle in the center of it, giving the table a slight glow, and surprisingly enough, the surface looked rather clean, as though no customers had yet occupied the space tonight.
Nick grabbed a nearby chair that nobody was using and brought it over.  He looked at Remy and nodded his head in its direction, his long fingers wrapped around the back of it.
“I’m pulling out a chair for you,” he called over the low but constant noise that occupied the tavern.  “Isn’t that what a gentleman does?”  He lifted his brow.
“I do not remember,” Remy replied though it should be noted that she was struggling and failing at hiding the delighted smile that broke out onto her face.  “I have been away from home too long to do so, but I shall let when you know when I do.”
Nick took the seat across from hers, his eyes shining as he smiled at her.
For whatever reason, Remy felt her heart skip a beat at the sight of it.  Luckily Calum spoke so she did not have to think about the reason why it did that.
“I’m going to get us a round,” he announced as Giselle took a seat next to Remy.  
Remy opened her mouth in order to stop him, in order to say that she did not drink and preferred a water, but he had already disappeared amidst the crowd of people.  Perhaps that was a good thing; judging by the look of this place, she was not sure a glass of water would actually be drinkable.
“How do you like it so far, darling?” Nick asked, leaning back in his chair.  His fingers interlaced before he placed them behind his head, and his tri-corn tipped forward so it tilted down low across his face.  If he had not spoken, it would appear almost as though he were going to sleep.  Luckily the wall was just behind him so that if he leaned too far backward, he would not fall.
The thought of Nick falling was enough to make Remy smile.
“Why are you smiling like that?” Nick asked, his tone suspicious.
“How can you even see me?” Remy wanted to know.  “Through your hat and your hair and everything.”
“I make it my business to see everything,” Nick returned with a coy smile of his own.  “Why do you think my usual seat is one where I have a view of the entire tavern, hmm?  You can’t be too careful in a place like this, you know.”
“No, I do not know,” Remy muttered under her breath.
At that moment, Calum returned with two mugs of rum, with a bar maid following him quickly with another two and, apparently, orders to bring two more once Edward and Adele arrived.
“How is that even possible?” Remy asked, incredulous.  Her eyes dropped to her mug and she could not stop staring at it.  “I saw how many people were crowded around, trying to get the woman’s attention.  And it has probably been five minutes.  At the most!”
“Darling, I’m not sure I can help you better understand,” Nick said, as he dropped his hands and leaned forward.  He delicately wrapped his fingers around the handle of the mug and proceeded to gulp down its contents.  The longer his lips stayed perched on the glass, the wider Remy’s mouth fell open.  When he finished – or simply needed to breathe – Nick set the mug down and continued, “We are actually known here.  I am the Transporter.  My job is one of the most importance.  My table is never used by anyone but me and me and my crew never have to wait in line.” 
“Let me guess,” Remy said, eyeing her drink with obvious distaste.  “These drinks are also free?”
Nick threw his head back and laughed.  “If only,” he said.
“Let me ask you a question,” Remy said, pushing the mug away from her.  She was starting to smell the vile thing and could not bear it any longer.  “Where does the staircase over there” – she pointed behind her but had no clue as to whether her estimation of where it was located was anywhere close to where she was pointing – “lead to?”
“You don’t know?” Calum asked, a surprised look on his face.  “You really are a young one, aren’t you?”
Though it was a fact that yes, Remy was younger than those in her company, it almost sounded as if Calum was insulting her.
“Don’t tease her,” Giselle said, nudging Calum with her shoulder.  “Don’t listen to him, Remy.  I’m sure you’ve never been inside a tavern before, have you?”  When Remy shook her head no, Giselle nodded once.  “I thought not.  See, a lot of the times, taverns have a second story attached in order to persuade customers to pay extra so they can sleep here.  Think of it like an inn, so to speak, but the service isn’t as grand and the rooms are dismal at best.  But a sailor returning to land after a long period of time out at sea would probably jump at the chance to sleep on an actual bed, and not a hammock or a cot.”
“It’s also beneficial for them to offer rooms because,” Calum said, “as you can see, the whores are not wonting here and a man who has been away in a ship without female accompaniment would pay an extrodinary price for hot food, rum, an actual bed, and a night of pleasure with a decent looking woman.”
“That’s very crude,” Giselle told him in a low, reprimanding voice.
“It’s also the truth,” Calum replied.
“Yes, but do you have to put it like that?”
“How else am I supposed to put it?”
“Perhaps, maybe, if you” –
Nick interrupted the bickering couple by asking Remy a question.  Giselle and Calum took no notice of it, however, and continued to argue.
“Why don’t you try some of your drink?” he asked, jutting his chin out in the drink’s direction.
Remy snorted, surprising even herself.  No respectable lady snorted.  Although, she was not actually in respectable company, was she?  And she could not necessarily help it, what with Nick’s ridiculous question.  It was simply a natural reaction.
But… did a lady always have to act like a lady, no matter what sort of company she was in or could she feel free to be more relaxed?  She was not actually wearing a corset or a dress, and the last time she washed herself had to be two days ago at the very least.  She knew that she probably did not look very much like a lady.  But she knew that she should probably continue to act like one.  She might not be able to control her appearance, what with the lack of hygienic opportunities she was afforded on a ship, but she could control her actions.
Which meant no more snorting for her.
She could not believe she actually let it slip in the first place.
“Perhaps that’s not the greatest idea, Nick,” Giselle said.  “I doubt that she has eaten anything today.  Alcohol won’t sit well with her, especially since she’s not used to drinking it and has an empty stomach.  It would no doubt make her sick.”
Nick gave Giselle a droll look, as though he were upset she had just ruined all of his fun, but nodded his head.  He turned his attention back to Remy, who currently had a triumphant smirk on her face.  “Are you hungry, darling?” he asked her.  “Some food to go with that drink?”
“I would prefer a salad, actually,” Remy answered, “but I don’t plan to consume any of this.”  She gestured at the mug.
“A salad?” Nick asked with an amused smile.
“What is wrong a salad?” Remy demanded, immediately narrowing her eyes.
“Nothing,” Calum answered, “as long as you don’t mind rotting vegetables and inedible dressing.”
“I absolutely do not prefer those things.”
“Then you should probably stick with bread,” Nick suggested.  “It’s practically the only thing they make that’s decent.”
“I’ll grab some,” Giselle offered.
AS she left, Calum leaned back in order to better keep an eye on the blonde woman as she made way through the crowd.  Remy pressed her lips together in order to keep a knowing smile from crossing onto her lips.  Obviously he fancied her; it was clear in the way he looked at her.  She wondered if Giselle felt the same.
To Remy, a man must be polite and gentle, respectful and successful.  Calum and Giselle – sweet Giselle – were constantly at odds with one another.  Remy could not imagine constantly bickering with a man she supposedly loved, and would not stand for a man who said some of the things Calum had said to Giselle.  Not that they were mean, per se, but they were blunt.  Honest.  And not in a nice way.
She also preferred a potential suitor to be law-abiding as well, but she supposed that that was not a viable option here.  Unless one was acquainted with the Guard, whatever that was.
Remy suddenly straightened, realizing that the only suitors she would be acquainted with were the same Giselle and Adele were acquainted with; Remy was down in The Underworld – it did not matter that she was technically still alive, which meant that unless a miracle occurred and she was sent back home, the only men she would encounter were pirates and thieves and run-down miscreants.  Unless she met with the Guard, of course.
But there was absolutely no way Remy would fall in love down here.  In fact, there was not a man she considered a suitable match for her.  Nick was certainly handsome in a dirty sort of way, but he was a pirate captain and apparently wanted for crimes he participated in down here, despite his transporting responsibilities.  And she could not stand him.  He had no problem arguing with her about practically everything and did treat her like the lady she was.  She nearly laughed at the thought that she and Nick would ever be together in that way.  Over her dead body.
James…  She got shivers just thinking about him and she was not certain whether they good shivers or bad ones.  He was the most handsome man he had ever seen – those piercing blue eyes still paralyzed her even now – but there was something frightening about him.  She could not put her finger on it, but if Nick was to be believed, James was bad.  Of course, Nick could be biased, and Remy was nearly certain that he was, but she did trust Nick.  And even if James was not all bad, he already seemed to have his affection occupied by that Magdalena girl, and Remy did not believe in participating in adultery.  
No, Remy probably was not going to meet the man she would later marry in a gathering place for people who had already died.  She would just have to wait until she got back home, and hopefully, that would be sooner rather than later.
It was not long before Giselle returned with a basket of warm bread.  The aroma tantalized Remy’s nose and she was surprised to find that unlike nearly everything in the Albatross, the bread was fresh.  However, she waited until she saw Nick reach over and take a piece before putting it in his mouth.  After he swallowed, Remy scrutinized him.  He did not appear sick…
Unable to wait any longer, Remy grabbed three pieces of bread and all but shoved one down her throat.
Goodness, she was hungry.
“I brought you water as well,” Giselle said, nudging a mug Remy had not seen.
“Thank you!” Remy exclaimed, her mouth still full.
Immediately, Remy blushed.  She was not acting like the lady she claimed to be, was she?  And yet, she expected to be treated as one.  She began chewing, but slowed down and kept her mouth closed this time.
“You realize that your parents are not down here, yes?” Nick asked, leaning towards her.  “You can chew with your mouth open and scarf down food if you want.”
“I do not want,” Remy retorted, but only after she had swallowed the bread.
Nick shrugged his shoulders, silently saying ‘suit yourself,’ before leaning back down in his chair.
As the night progressed, Remy noticed that Edward and Adele still had not yet arrived (though Giselle assured her that that was normal, that supply shop was quite popular especially at night and they probably will not be back for another hour or so), that Nick’s lap was suddenly occupied by two whores and one standing behind him and rubbing his shoulders (Remy could not even look at him, she was so disgusted by the sight), and that the bread had run out, thanks in large part to herself.
Giselle and Calum were in another one of their hushed battles and Remy felt… alone.
Actually, she felt the same way she felt back at home when Charlie was not around.  She was surrounded by people and yet, she felt by herself.  This place was not as different as her own home, was it?  The thought was not comforting, actually, but just furthered her rather dismal mood.
She missed Charlie.
She wanted to feel like she belonged somewhere.  She did not like feeling alone, especially in a place she was unfamiliar with, especially with people she would otherwise have never spoken to.
Remy supposed she just wanted to connect with someone, and not on a superficial level like Nick was connecting with the women surrounding him.  Perhaps more like Calum and Giselle were connecting.  Yes, they seemed to be arguing, but whenever they finished their fights, they did not seem to hate each other.  And Calum was protective over her, even if Giselle did not mean it.  And their attention was only on each other, despite the amount of people here and the number of distractions.
Maybe her entire perception of a potential suitor was wrong.  Because right now, all she wanted was to be noticed.  
 

















Chapter 12  
She was not certain how long it had been since her depressing revelation concerning suitors, but her mug filled with water was now only half full, the basket of bread was still empty even though Remy was certain the bar wench noticed it when she passed out the second and third rounds of rum to the occupants of the table.  Excluding Remy, of course.  In fact, when Remy mentioned that she did not drink rum, the prostitutes and the bar maid looked at her like she was the odd one.
She, Remy Cutler of the Cutlers, one of the most sought after girls before Lord Huntington had admitted his intentions and they were soon engaged.  Yes, the same girl was the odd one.
Had they looked at their reflections lately?
Remy had gotten over the shock, and even the loneliness she had previously felt, by way of distracting herself.  To do this, she opened her ears and listened to the passing conversations that took place in the tavern.  Surprisingly, it garnered her much information about The Underworld, and though she would rather not admit it, found the discussions rather fascinating, whether it was the subject matter, the way they spoke, or how the participants spoke.  She had never socialized with people like the ones here and found that they were more interesting – and informative – than she originally credited them with.
An example of this is when she was listening to two women of the night conversing behind her.  Their voices were hushed, probably to keep their potential customers from listening.  One was telling the other how she hated having to give her body to a stranger every night simply to be able to afford food for her child.  The other was so desperate for money that she was being forced to do it by her own husband.  Apparently, he refused to get some kind of job.
It made Remy really put things into perspective.  Perhaps not all whores were one and the same.  Perhaps this particular profession was not a choice for them.  Perhaps they had no other option but to acquire funds through this measure.  They all had a story to tell, and most were not happy.  There was more to them than their painted faces and colorful clothing.
However, every time Remy happened to glance over at the women around Nick, she had to swallow in order to keep the delicious bread she had recently consumed from coming back up her throat and all over Nick’s usual table.  These particular women did not look upset or distraught or conflicted about their career (Would that be the correct word? Remy wondered.).  In fact, if she was being honest, they actually looked like they were enjoying themselves.
But maybe they were.  Maybe Nick was one of those rare customers who was both attractive and charming, willing to pay for a night of pleasure.  It would make sense if these women just waited for him to return and then all lined up in order to get his attention, to be able to be the next girl he takes upstairs – because certainly he would not take him to the ship, would he?  He would not row all the way over to where it was docked, have at it, and then come back.  They would be too tired!  Not that Remy had any experience, of course, but even she snuck racy novels her parents disapproved of back home and at least knew the basics of what went on in the physical activity – and to experience his prowess.  
For whatever reason, Remy was annoyed at the sight before her.  It was obvious that one of these women would be going to bed with Nick – another thought that made her nauseous for whatever reason – so she had no idea why he was delaying the inevitable, making some silly spectacle in front of Remy, Giselle, and Calum.  Did he have no shame?
“…just came from nowhere, like a wraith, a phantom, I tell you.”
A voice caught Remy’s attention and her skin erupted in goosebumps.  There was something hauntingly familiar about this conversation, and she could help but listen to it more.  And she also got to look away from the scene before her, which she was happy about.  Her eyes focused on the wooden floor beneath her chair, but she tilted her head in the direction of where the discussion was taking place.
“Survivors?” the other man asked.
“None but me.  For whatever reason, he likes to leave one survivor.  At least, that’s what I heard.  I think it’s too spread his story, get some fame, and all that.”  A pause; Remy assumed he was taking a long gulp of his drink.  “’T’was awful, mate.  The sight of the ship into pieces, nothing as large as the length of me left.  I could smell my friends and shipmates being burned.  I could hear them screaming.  I watched as they died.  And now look at me.  I survived.  Me.”
“Are you ever going back out again?”
There was a long silence.  Remy held her breath.
“I don’t know…”  He shrugged his shoulders.  “Those souls, my friend’s souls, are lost here forever.  I thought I was safe.  But methinks land might be better for me.  That, or just moving on.  Truly dying doesn’t seem so bad now, no matter which way I go.”
“Did you see who did it?”
“No.”  His voice grew darker.  “All I can tell you is that the ship appeared from nowhere and disappeared into nothing.  Like I said.  Like a phantom.”
Remy snapped her head up and focused her eyes on the mug in front of her.  Why did that sound so familiar to her?  The fact that the ship came and went as it pleased, disappearing and reappearing.
And that was when her epiphany hit her.
The reason why the story did not sit well with her was because she had met a ship like that in her short time here.  James’s ship.  It emerged from the fog having come from The Underworld.  Even Nick had been surprised to see it, and Remy believed that Nick did not actually surprise that easily.
But why would James kill souls?  He was ruler of The Underworld, was he not?  Did that not mean that he was in charge of the souls sent to him?  Why would he murder potential souls that someday might belong to him?  Unless, of course, there was some sort of overpopulation problem in The Underworld.
That sounded impossible.  Like Heaven, or The Paradise, or whatever it was called went on infinitely, certainly The Underworld did too.  And James had mentioned that Nick had not been bringing enough souls back to him.  As though there was some kind of shortage of souls.
Which meant that it was likely that James was not, in fact, this phantom murderer.
Well then, who else could it be?
Perhaps the man James had warned Nick about.  This… Captain Pan.  Remy had not heard Nick speak at all about the man, but he certainly seemed taken by the sight of the fire poker James had showed him.  And she remembered that the ruler of The Underworld said that the instrument was recovered at one of the devastation sites.  It was more and more likely that this Captain Pan, whoever he was, was responsible for the slaying of souls.
But why would James warn Nick when it was obvious that the two did not get along?
Remy’s head began to hurt and she took another long gulp of her water.  It was not her responsibility to figure out why things were going the way they were going down here.  It was not her responsibility to care, really.  All she wanted to focus on was how to get home.  Away from killing souls and watching a pirate captain enjoy being assaulted by whores.  Back to her room, her bed, her wardrobe.  
Why was Nick so tense when he saw the poker, though?  His voice had gotten lower and he almost sounded…  Remy was not sure how to describe it.  Certainly he was not afraid, but he was mad.  Angry.  But controlled.  And yet tense.  As though he was afraid James would somehow get over to the Black Star and use it on Nick.
What was the significance of that poker anyways?  Remy opened her mouth to ask, not too concerned whether or not the question was tasteful, before shutting it abruptly, only to find Nick in probably the most visual lip-lock she had ever seen before.  She had never encountered many, of course.  There was little to no physical contact between her parents that sometimes made her wonder if they truly loved each other or if they married because it was arranged.  She had never been kissed before because she had never been wooed before.  And she had never really met anybody worth kissing.  Apparently, Nick kissed whoever it was that wanted to kiss him, and Remy could not control the sound of disgust coming out from her mouth if she tried.
Not that he noticed, of course.  Because even though his attentions were on the woman on his lips, the whore behind him was still whispering in his ear and rubbing his back, and the third was kissing the crevice of his neck.
“This actually isn’t all that uncommon,” Giselle whispered to Remy.  Unlike Nick, Giselle seemed to have heard the telling noise she could not control.
“But why is he being so blatant about it?” Remy asked, trying to keep her voice as level as Giselle’s was.  “Why not go upstairs and keep things like touching and kissing private, as they should be?”
“I’m not sure I agree about physical affection being private, but I will say there should be a limit on it, certainly.”  Giselle glanced at Nick before shrugging his shoulders.  “He’s a sailor, Remy.  A pirate, in fact.  You know that.  When a man is at sea for a long while, he returns to land wanting to sleep in an actual bed, eat hot food, and make love to a woman.”
“My father has been at sea for long periods of time before, and he never made love to any woman but my mother,” Remy pointed out.
“I highly doubt that,” Calum said, deciding that he, too, would like to contribute to the conversation.  Giselle nudged him and he turned to her.  “What?  She’s not a child anymore.  She should know that faithfulness isn’t reality.”  He fixed his blue eyes on Remy.  “I guarantee you that your father has slept with whores while away from you and your mother.”
Remy’s mouth dropped and Giselle yelped Calum’s name.  But these two things did not distract Nick from his task at hand, and it appeared now that he was kissing the other woman on his lap.
“What?” Calum asked.  “It’s the truth.”  He looked back at Remy.  “I’m sorry, but it’s the truth.”
“Well, what about you?” Remy asked, doing her best to ignore the pain that came from Calum’s words.  Not because he was so blunt about what he said, but because the more time she spent here, the more she realized that it was probably true.  “I don’t see you with women on your lap.”
“Well, I” -  Was it possible that Calum was actually uncomfortable by Remy’s questioning?  Whether he knew it or not, his eyes shifted to Giselle before they quickly returned to Remy’s.  “As a physician, I know that it’s important to be aware of the people you have sex with.  I have no idea where these whores have been and therefore, not willing to risk catching something that will either kill me or be with me for the rest of my days for one night of pleasure.”
“What are you talking about?” Remy asked, furrowing her brow.  “Catching something?”
Before Calum could answer, Nick interrupted them.  “I think I’m going to head up to bed,” Nick said with a sly smile.  Remy’s mouth dropped open, once again, at the fact that not one but all three whores were standing along with Nick, as though they, too, were heading to bed.  “I’ll see you in the morning.”
“How is that possible?” Remy asked once he had left.  “Three women at one time?”  Her face was aflame for asking but her lack of comprehension forced her mouth to move on its own accord.
Calum was about to answer, but one look from Giselle caused him to reconsider.  “It is possible,” he said instead.  “You’ve a lot to learn about the world, missy.”
Remy rolled her eyes, a look nothing short of disgust etched firmly on her face.  Three women at one time?  And such a thing was possible?  Why would any man in his right mind want to have three women at once?  Would that not be a lot of work for him?  He would have to make sure that each woman was satisfied –
The blush on Remy’s face caused all thoughts to cease, and she began to pick at the handle of her mug.  It would seem her fingers needed something to do in order to prevent such taboo thoughts from entering her mind once more.
Personally, she believed love-making belonged to one man and one woman at a time.  She wanted to make certain that all of her attention was bestowed on one person – the man she loved – and that his attention was focused on solely her.
Not, of course, that she thought about such acts.  Ladies did not think about such things as that.
But if she happened to be asked her opinion on the matter, and the company was trustworthy, she had an answer to give them.
The candle sitting in the middle of the table flickered.  It was halfway down now.  They had been sitting there for quite a while, and Remy was getting bored.  She had consumed the rest of her water and she no longer had a burning sensation of hunger.  But she was not tired.
She wanted to do something.
At that moment, Giselle stood.  “I’m going to get us another round of drinks,” she announced.  “It shouldn’t be long before Edward and Adele arrive.  Do you want me to bring back some bread, Remy?”
“Yes, please,” the young girl agreed.  It probably was not the healthiest decision, but perhaps eating something would cause her boredom to vanish.
After Giselle left, Remy expected Calum to start a conversation, but he seemed to be far away, in his own thoughts.  Which meant, once again, Remy was on her own.
Perhaps she could explore the tavern for a bit.  Just until Giselle gets back, at least.
She pushed her seat back and stood, expecting Calum to tell her to sit back down or at least ask her where she was going.  But he did not even look up.  Either his thoughts were too consuming to notice Remy’s lack of presence or he truly did not care.
As Remy sifted through the crowd, she was not sure whether or not she liked this.  On the one hand, she realized she now had this freedom she had never experienced before back home.  She could leave when she wanted to, do nearly anything what she wanted (except, of course, go back home) to do without asking for permission.  But with this freedom came with a new-found responsibility she did not know if she liked.  Normally if she made a mistake, someone else was blamed.  Now, Remy would be blamed for it.
And, to be honest, leaving Calum without him even noticing almost felt as though he did not care about her welfare.  And perhaps he did not.  She could not blame him if he did not, considering he barely even knew her.  It mirrored the fact that while she was constantly looked over back home, her parents rarely inquired as to how their only child was, how she was getting on with her studies.  They had not even asked her if she wanted to marry Lord Huntington before they arranged it.
She was realizing she did not like the feeling of being alone much.
At all.
She was outside now, having followed a crowd out the doors and down one of the many dirt paths.  She could see a couple of tracks left by horses and carriages but for the most part, there were footprints left scattered about.
Turning, Remy kept a sharp eye out for the tavern.  Her heartbeat slowly started to increase as her eyes searched the unfamiliar setting for something – or even someone – familiar.  How could she have been so stupid as to let her thoughts get the best of her and cause her attentions to be focused elsewhere when they should have been on her whereabouts?  People flooded the roads despite the darkness; she could not even enjoy the twinkling stars and the law crescent moon due to her fear starting to get the best of her.
What to do?  What to do?
Breathe, Remy, she instructed herself.  Stop for a moment, and just breathe.
Since she had no one with her to advise her, that was what she did.  Remy forced herself to stop and simply breathe after she found a safe place to do so on the side of the road.
“You look like you could use some help, poppet,” a voice said from beside her.
Her eyes flew open and she turned.  “Yes!” she exclaimed, a smile on her face.  “Yes I do!  I am looking for the Albatross.  It is a tavern of some sort.  It should not be far…”  Her voice trailed off when she realized that the man – normally someone she would not even consider speaking to, considering his tattered attire and the fact that he barely had any of his teeth – was staring at her.  And not in any way that she would approve of.
“Albatross, ay?” he said after a moment.
“Actually, I remember now,” Remy said, backing up from him.  She bumped into people behind her, but at that point, she did not care.  “I know where it is.  Sorry to have wasted your time.”
The man grabbed Remy’s forearm.  “You shouldn’t be here by yourself, poppet,” he said.  “Not when I can feel your pulse beating so… loudly.  I’ll help you get back to the tavern.  Yes I will.”
As he pulled her roughly behind him, a sinking feeling began to accumulate in Remy’s stomach.  He was not going to take her back to the Albatross.  But where he was taking her, she did not know.   
       























Chapter 13  
He led her into a secluded alley.  
The sounds of Tenedor now seemed soft and far away.  Which meant thast if Remy screamed, no one would hear her.
Why had she not screamed yet, anyways?  Remy knew she was frightened, and yet, her entire body froze.  As though she could not move.  Not even her mouth.  Not even her eyes to blink.  She did not think she could even breathe.
But she managed to speak.  She had to do something, unless she wanted to die here.  And since she was not sure if her death led to her returning home, going to her final resting place, or somewhere else entirely, she realized she needed to fight in order to save herself.
“Please,” she managed to say, feeling herself lean back from him in order to make pulling her more difficult.  “Please, do not hurt me.”
This caused the man to stop abruptly, to the point where Remy nearly ran into him.  
“Hurt you?” came his response.  She could not stop herself from staring at his empty mouth.  “Why would I want to hurt you, poppet?  You’re alive!  I can feel it.  Which means I can be alive too!”
“What?” Remy asked as the man continued to walk down the dark passageway.  Were alleys really this long?  “No, I think you misunderstand.  I cannot make you alive, not if you are already dead.  I am sorry, but I cannot.”
The man chuckled, but it was not the humorous sound that she was normally acquainted.  Like Nick, he stopped and threw his head back, but the laughter itself was dark and did not quite match the look on his face.  The sight made Remy squirm even more.
“I don’t think so,” he said in that accent she could barely understand.  Certainly he had been in The Underworld for a while; why had he not used his time to try and speak better?  “I think that you actually can bring me back to life.  You’re alive.  I’m not.  If I take whatever it is inside of you that makes you alive and put it in me, I’ll be the one alive.”
“I am truly sorry,” Remy said, surprising herself because she found that she actually meant it.  “But I do not believe that is the way life works.  And even if it did, my life will not readily take you back to earth.  You would still be stuck down here, just like I am.”
“You’re lying,” he said.  He stopped walking once more and through a glare over his shoulder.  Remy could make out the end of the alley was near, but she was not sure just what it was that awaited on the other side.
“Tell me, do you really think I would be here otherwise?” Remy snapped.  Probably she should not be talking to him this way, but his naïve belief that stealing her life and putting it inside of him in order to bring him back to life sounded absolutely ridiculous.  “When I, in fact, have my own life back up on earth, one I actually miss.”
“Stop it,” the man said gruffly.  He did not seem as eager, as happy as he had been before, and his grip on Remy only tightened.  No doubt that she would bruise.  “You’re wrong.  You hear me?  Wrong.  I’ve spoken to her and she said it was possible.  I’ve seen her do things that I thought impossible.  With those potions.  She casts spells.  She’s a witch.  She said she could bring a person back to life with a life force.  I’m drawn to you like a moth to a flame.  I can hear your heartbeat.  I can hear it.  You’re alive.  You can give me life.”
Remy flared her nostrils.  He had her up against the wall – which was probably filled with crawling insects just waiting to invade her hair – and his head was close to hers, no more than a few centimeters apart.  She could smell him.  And it was not a pleasant small.  Not at all.
“I have no idea who you are referring to, but I am certain she cannot do what you say,” she told him in a firm voice.
“You’re lying,” he repeated.  “Stop lying.  She told me herself.  All she has to do is take the life force from your body and she’ll put it into my body.  Then you’ll be dead and I’ll be alive.  She’ll slit you down the middle and take out your soul.  You won’t have a soul.”
“But you have a soul,” Remy pointed out.  With each passing second, she felt her heartbeat speed up even more than she thought was possible.  He was raving like a lunatic, and she knew that if he did not calm down soon, he would most likely harm her in some way, whether intentional or not.  “You do not need mine.”
“But your soul is full of life,” he spit back.  “Mine is not.”
“You will be dead too,” Remy tried.  “Dead-dead.  Not Underworld-dead.  Your soul will be lost forever!”
“Stop it!” he cried.  “Stop it!  Stop your lies!”  Before Remy knew what he was doing, he reached into his pantaloons and whipped out a dagger.  “I’m going to start the process.  She’d appreciate it.  I know she would.”
“Then surely you will not get my soul, you fool!” Remy exclaimed.  “Certainly I will be dead!”
Looking back, Remy realized that her choice of diction was probably not the most appropriate if she wanted to save herself because they seemed to make the man more agitated than he already was.  She watched as he grit his teeth – those that he had left, anyways – and jabbed his right hand out so the edge of the dagger pierced Remy’s side.
She moaned in surprise, the pain searing into her.
In all honesty, Remy did not think he would actually harm her.  He wanted her life, not to kill her.  And yet, she could feel her blood stick to the inside of her shirt.
“That ought to keep you quiet,” he said, pulling the dagger back.  “Don’t worry.  I haven’t taken your – I mean, my – life.  Didn’t cut it deep enough.  But it’ll hurt, yes it will.  You better hope your blood clots too.”
“No, you better hope that, you oaf!” Remy said, trying to control her temper.  But really, how could she?  Somebody had stabbed her!  The blade probably was not properly sanitized so who knew what kind of germs were infesting in her body?
She had never been stabbed before.  She had never expected to be stabbed, not even by this raging madman who wanted her life.
“I could get your other side so the scars will match,” he told her.  As she looked into his eyes, she knew that he meant what he said.
“This is going to scar?” she asked.  Remy had no idea why that was her biggest concern, but it was.  How was a man supposed to love her with a big, fat scar on the side of her stomach?
“Oh, shut it,” a familiar voice said in the same drab, almost bored voice.  “You should be thankful you’re alive.”
“Who’re you?” the man asked, craning his neck to get a good look at whoever it was that had spoken.
“Doesn’t matter.”  Remy heard a sword being slid out of its scabbard and she watched as the moonlight glinted on the blade.  “Let her go, or I’ll end your life.”
“You’re going to take her for yourself,” the man said, growling in frustration.  “You’re going to take her life.  It’s rightfully mine, you know.”
“It is my life, thank you very much,” Remy retorted.  Her head was beginning to spin.  Now that the stranger was otherwise engaged, she reached up her hand and placed it on her wound.  She whimpered; even the smallest bit of pressure elicited pain.
Oh God, she was going to die, was she not?  He had pierced her stomach deeper than he intended and she was going to bleed out and her soul would be lost here forever.
“Ooh,” Remy said, leaning back against the wall.  If she did not have it behind her, certainly she would fall forward.  The dizziness was throwing her balance off.
“Come on,” her rescuer said, reaching out to grab Remy’s wrist.  She yelped at the new pressure on her bruised wrist causing the person to drop it quickly.  “Well, we can’t just wait here in the alley while he goes off to get some more people, can we?”  A pause.  “We have to go Remy.  Now.  Can you walk?”
Remy pressed her lips together.  She blinked rapidly, trying to get a hold of her consciousness.  She was not sure if it was the pain or the shock that was taking over her mind, but at that moment, she knew that she needed to leave.  She could not wait for medical attention; she needed to get back to the Albatross, back to safety before she could get fixed up.
“Yes,” she managed to get out in a tight vote.  “Yes, I can walk.”
She forced herself to stand up, away from the wall.  She could not stand up straight, but she could stand and that was perhaps a silver lining.
“I do not know how to get back to the Albatross,” Remy explained in a rush as she followed the person out.  “I got lost.  I did not mean” –
“Shut it,” the rescuer snapped.  Another pause.  “Sorry, but it’s better that you don’t speak.  I know how to get back.”
When they emerged from the alley, Remy felt as though she could breathe much better.  The air was not as clear as she was used to but in her mind, there was more of it, and she took in as many breaths as she could.  She was still alive.  Real alive and not The Underworld’s version of alive.
“Come on,” the rescuer said, wrapping an arm around Remy’s shoulder in order to give the young girl a place for her to lean on if need be.  “We have to go.  Especially since it wasn’t only that man that’s interested in you.”
It was true.  Remy noticed that every soul out seemed to sense her, and as a result, they all turned and proceeded to head in her direction.  Well, most of them did.  There were a few that seemed to be grateful for the distraction and proceeded to shout out any and all the items they were selling in hopes to acquire as many customers as they could without competition.
Time must have shifted thanks to Remy’s new wound because it was not long before they were inside.  Except now Remy’s vision had small black dots, even after she attempted to blink them away.
“Adele,” Remy murmured as Adele helped her up the stairs.  “What’s happening to me, exactly?  Am I going to die?”
“Of course you’re not going to die,” Adele said, and though Remy could not see her rescuer, she was certain that Adele was rolling her eyes.  “Stop being so dramatic.”
“Where are Giselle and Calum?”
“How am I supposed to know?” Adele said, opening the door to what Remy assumed was her room.  “I just got here.”
“They are probably wondering where I am,” Remy mumbled.  Her words were beginning to slur and she was getting quite tired.  “Unless they did not even notice I was gone.”
“Was Nick there or had he left with one of the whores?” Adele asked.  Before Remy could respond, she led Remy to the rather small though surprisingly made bed and gently pushed her on it so Remy was in a sitting position.  “I need you to lie down, even if it hurts okay?  Keep talking to me.  We need to keep you conscious.”  She turned from the bed and went to go find something.
Remy placed her head on the pillow.  She winced at the pain she felt from the wound due to the fact that she was somewhat stretched out, but she bit her lip from crying out.  However, with all the focus on her voice she could not stop the tears from accumulating and then eclipsing her cheeks.
Goodness, what had she gotten herself into?  How could she have been so stupid as to let herself be led out of the tavern and into the night?  She knew nobody.  She obviously could not defend herself since her mouth did not count and, if anything, only further agitated her attacker.  Not that she would ever in her wildest dreams actually care to live this sort of lifestyle, but Remy realized that she made a horrible pirate.  Probably to the point where if she allied herself with them, she would get laughed at.  Why would she think that anybody here would want to help her?  Except the crew from the Black Star.
“Talk to me, Remy,” Adele snapped.  She had opened something Remy could not see and was rummaging around for whatever was supposed to lie inside it.  
“But I am tired,” Remy said in a slow voice, her eyes snapping open for only a moment before being drawn back into a close.
“I know.”  Adele shut the cabinet drawers, having found it, and returned to Remy’s side.  “I know.  And you can go to sleep when I’m through.”  To herself, she muttered, “Jesus, I forgot the rum.”  There was a pause and Remy felt her eyes close once again.  This time, she did not feel the dire need to reopen them so soon.  “I’ll be right back.  For the love of God, don’t fall asleep.”
Remy wanted nothing more than to scold the red head for her continuous use of the Lord’s name, practically in the same sentence, but when she opened her mouth, she found that no words came out and she was too tired to force them out.  And she thought she heard Adele leave, although her mind was too hazy for her to recall just when that happened.  
Rest.  She needed rest.
The pillow was so comfortable, as was the bed.  Perhaps she had only slept in a hammock once, but it only took that night to make her appreciate a proper place to sleep.  Which was where she was now.  Maybe if she moved a bit, could somehow wiggle her way underneath the covers, everything else would be complete…
“Remy!”
The sharpness of her name caused Remy to open her eyes.  The pain in her side had faded to a dull throbbing, but it was still present and Remy could most certainly still feel it.  She groaned as she heard Adele close the door and place something on the wooden floor adjacent to her side of the bed.
“I know, I know, once this is all over you can sleep for as long as you like,” Adele said in what sounded suspiciously like comforting.  “So.  Did Nick go upstairs with one of his whores?”
“Yes,” Remy said in a tight voice.  She just wanted to close her eyes.  That did not sound as though she were asking for too much.  “Except he had three.  Three whores.”
“Three?” Adele all but yelped.  It sounded as though she was going to continue but thought better of it and started fiddling with whatever was in her hand.  She was sitting on the wooden floor next to where Remy was, doing something Remy could not see and did not really care to know.  “It is highly probably that Giselle noticed your absence.  When I saw her downstairs, I told her that you were with me.”
“I thought you did not like me.”  This time, the words came pooling out of Remy’s mouth without conscious effort to stop them.  “You seemed as though you did not like me.”
Adele was silent for a moment, unsure of how to respond.  “I’m still not certain if I do like you,” she replied.
Remy seemed to accept this.  “How did you know I was there?”
“What?”
“In the alley.  With the man.”  Her voice got more and more controlled.  The throbbing of the injury managed to get in time with her heartbeat.  “How did you save me?”
“I can’t explain it,” Adele said in a soft voice.  “I could feel you.  You are something we souls have never encountered before.  You’re alive, literally, to the point where I can almost hear you breathing.”  She stopped and reached over Remy, lifting the hem of her shirt so Remy’s stomach was exposed.  The young girl hissed when Adele picked the material off of the wound which it had previously been stuck to.  “This is going to hurt.  If I were you, in order not to arouse suspicion of anyone downstairs or in the rooms next to ours, I’d put a pillow over my face.”
Remy pressed her brows together.  Her eyes had fallen closed once more.  “Why?”
“You’re going to scream.”  Adele waited for Remy to take her advice and then, after a countdown, pressed something on Remy’s wound.  Immediately Remy screamed at the burning sensation that took over her nerves.  She could not hear Adele try and soothe her, could not hear Adele tell her that she had to clean the wound with rum lest Remy wanted it to get infected.
Remy just wanted for it to be over.  She just wanted for it to be finished.
After what felt like too long, Adele lifted the rag off of the side.  Despite the flickering candles that lit up the room, darkness prevailed.  Remy did not know what Adele was doing now, and quite frankly, she did not care.  If anything, it seemed as though the red head was tidying up the injury with another cloth and something cool, perhaps water.
“Can I sleep now?” Remy asked between ragged breaths.
“Yes,” Adele said.  “All I need to do now is bandage the wound, but that shouldn’t take long.”
Another silence hung in the air.  Remy was halfway to sleep already, but she forced herself to say, “Thank you, Adele.”  She inhaled deeply through her nose.  “You saved my life.  Without you, I’d be dead.”  There was a pause.  “Might I ask you one – well, two – more favors?”
“Depends on what they are,” Adele said as she began to seal the wound up.
“Promise me you will not tell Nick – or anyone else for that matter – what happened.”  Remy was surprised she managed to get that much out, but she did.  
“Done,” Adele said.  “And the other?”
This time, Remy’s voice was much smaller than she thought it would be.  “Will you stay with me tonight?”
Instead of inhaling and exhaling, Remy held her breath.  She expected Adele to laugh at her request, maybe lecture her on the perils of being a pirate and how Remy had to deal with the consequences of her own idiotic actions. 
But all Adele said was, “Of course.”
In mere moments after Adele’s assurance, Remy fell asleep.












Chapter 14  
The next day came much too soon.
But, Remy reminded herself, she was alive.
“If you want breakfast, it would behoove you to get up now.”  Adele’s voice managed to break through her walls of slumber and bring Remy back to consciousness.
But Adele also made Remy realize just how hungry she was.  All she had last night for supper was a couple of slices of bread.  Food sounded like the correct solution to her stomach’s problem.  
Remy sat up and then yelped.  She had completely forgotten about her little brush with death last night, the reason why she and Adele were sharing the same room in the first place.
“Be careful, would you?” Adele asked, rushing over to Remy and pushing her back so Remy was lying down again.  “You don’t want to start bleeding again, do you?  I don’t want to have to change the bandages until later tonight.”  After a thorough expression, Adele gave a curt nod.  “You’re all right.  But that shirt certainly isn’t.”  She stood up straight.  “If you’re still adamant about keeping this from Nick” –
“I am,” Remy interrupted.  She could not yet fully open her eyes due to the sun’s rays coming through the lone square window.  She frowned at the sight, not fully understanding the fact that this tavern could obviously afford gas lamps, bed spreads, and particular cleaning supplies in order to get off the grime and other such germs out of the sheets but not curtains.  What if customers wanted to sleep off their headache that one normally got after excessive drinking?  Certainly they would be upset at their abrupt awakening?
Not that Remy personally knew about those particular headaches.  She had yet to actually experience one, but Charlie would always speak about how his father would inexplicably become much grouchier the morning after drinking night, even though he seemed happier while drinking.  Charlie explained the concept of a what that headache meant, that it was caused by the drinking as though the drinker was being punished by some higher power for indulging too much.
She wondered if Nick was being woken up by the sun and he was experiencing the type of pain a drinker had the next morning.  Although he did have three women with him; surely he would be able to distract himself from the pain, at least for a little while.
“Come on,” Adele said, breaking through Remy’s thoughts.  “Get up.”
“We really have to leave at this very moment?”  Remy would not admit it aloud, but yes, there was some whining in her inquiry.
“No,” Adele said, shaking her head so her flowing red hair followed behind the movement.  “Not yet.  The ship still needs to be stocked.  But I need to check your bandages and we need to see how the night’s treated your wound.  As in, can you walk without making it obvious that you got stabbed last night?  Plus, we need to eat – you, missy, need sustenance – and you need to change out of those clothes?”
“What?” Remy asked.  Even she was surprised at the fact at how she did not want to do that.  Surely she did not want to wear them, especially since Nick’s tunic was soaked with her blood.
Adele gave her a look.  “Unless you want to advertise your adventure…”  She let her voice trail off tellingly.  “Here.  I brought a change of clothing.  For myself, originally, but you need them more than I need them.  Obviously.”  She tossed beige pants and a white tunic at the girl still lying in bed.  “Now come on.  I’m starving and can smell the eggs frying from here.  Get up and lift up the tunic so I can see the bandage.”
Remy groaned but did as Adele bid her too.  Any movement of her stomach caused her to hiss and it dawned on her that Nick was going to find out about this.  She had no idea as to how, but unless she could hide her facial expressions and noise of distress regarding the wound, it would be rather obvious as to what happened.  With that in mind, the rest of her movement was focused on biting the inside of her lip in order not to cry out and pray – pray – that her eyes revealed nothing.
When she was finally standing, she reached down and pulled up her shirt so Adele could look at the injury.
“Good,” Adele murmured.  “Don’t have to change those until tonight.”  She let the tunic fall back into place and stood upright so she could look Remy in the eye.  “Do you think you can avoid doing anything straining in order to keep your wound from bleeding again?”
“Do you think washing the dishes is straining?” Remy asked, not unhopefully.  
Adele gave the girl a flat look.  “I don’t think so, princess.”  She walked over to the bureau in order to look at herself in the mirror.  “Now get dressed, and do it quickly, aye?  Breaking my fast or not usually sets my mood for the day and it is much too beautiful outside to be in an ugly mood.”
Remy looked around for a changing sheet but could not seem to find one.
“Do I have to tell you a third time how badly I want to head downstairs?” Adele persisted, glancing at Remy through the window.
“Where shall I change?” Remy demanded, feeling herself get more and tenser every time Adele urged her to hurry up.
“Oh, for God’s sake,” Adele said, rolling her eyes.  “Just do it right there.  I promise I won’t look, okay?”
Remy still did not feel completely comfortable with Adele in the same room as she was while changing, especially without a changing sheet to hide behind, but she did not want Adele to yell at her anymore and, in all honesty, Remy knew that she owed the younger woman.  Adele had saved her life.  The least she could do was rapidly change in order to allow Adele the time she needed to eat her food.
Plus, Remy was getting hungry too.  She had lost blood last night – not enough to kill her, of course – but enough to make her weaker than she was used to.  And her stomach was already pressing against her, making pathetic cries of hunger in order to let Remy know what it so desired.
Remy took off her clothes as quickly and as carefully as she could.  Her injury was still throbbing, but it was not as persistent as last night.  She pulled on Adele’s clothes and found that they fitted her nicely, more so than Nick’s did.
“Are you finished yet?” Adele demanded.
“Yes,” Remy said.  In her hands were the clothes she had so recently worn.  “What do I do with these?”
“Leave them,” Adele said in a dismissive tone, shrugging her shoulders.
“Leave them?” Remy asked.
“You speak English, yes?”  Adele took the clothes from Remy’s hands and dropped them to the floor once more.  “Leave them.  If Nick finds these, he’ll know.”
“What do I say when he asks about his clothes?” Remy asked, following Adele out the door.
“After Nick’s night, I highly doubt he’ll even notice.”
Remy frowned.  She knew that what Adele said was probably true, but for whatever reason, it did not make her feel good.  At all.

***

The food was actually delicious.  Remy had seconds, something she never did when she was home.  Probably because she had always been well-fed and never left wanting.  And she had never been stabbed before, of course.
It was not what Remy expected.  This tavern, filled with those people familiar with poverty, dirty, sullied.  And yet the food was exquisite.  Nearly as good as the food Chef Mason made for her.  
Nick had yet to make an appearance.  Apparently the sun had either failed or chosen to avoid Nick’s window this morning.  She did not know why, but this behavior Nick was partaking in was rather annoying.  
“Now where do we go?” Remy asked once she had finished her second plate of eggs.
“What do you mean?” Edward asked, his mouth still full.
Remy tried not to make a face at his obvious lack of etiquette.  “Well, the souls have been delivered,” she pointed out, “and the ship is being stocked as we speak.  Now where do we go?”
“We go back to The Alley in order to pick up more souls,” Giselle explained.  “People die on a constant basis.  There’s really no stopping or taking a break from this.”
Remy was about to ask a question but at that moment, Nick decided to grace his crew with his presence.  He was wearing the same outfit as he had been the previous evening, except his smile seemed much more satisfied now and he seemed relaxed.  
“How did everyone sleep?” he asked once he reached the table.  “Good?  I slept brilliantly, thank you very much?”  He took a seat as he shouted, “Oy!  Can I get an order of eggs?  With some bread?  And a pint of rum?”
“It’s the morning!” Remy exclaimed in a hushed voice.
Nick looked at the woman through half-lidded eyes.  “You’re point being, darling?” he asked in a low, almost slurred voice.
“Should you really be drinking this early in the morning?”
“Let me tell you a secret.”  The pirate captain leaned forward across the table so his face was inches from Remy’s.  Though she wanted nothing more than to rid herself of the discomfort his close proximity brought, something compelled her to stay put.  “The remedy from a headache caused by drink is to drink more.”  A lazy smile slid across his face.
“That makes no sense,” Remy said.
The smile on Nick’s face on deepened and he suddenly pulled back, shrugging his shoulders.  “Or does it make perfect sense?” he asked.
Remy sincerely hoped his question was rhetorical because she had absolutely no idea as to how to respond.  Nick’s order was brought to him and it was not long before the pirate captain scarfed down his food.  Had he never heard of chewing, exactly?  Perhaps the activities he participated in last night caused him to require sustenance just like Remy’s did.
Speaking of which, where were the women Nick spent the night with?  Were they still sleeping, or did they sneak out of the room after Nick had fallen asleep in order to garner more customers?  What were the rules for whores anyways?  Were their rules, or did they make their own?
“Sir.”  A young boy, a couple of years younger than Remy, interrupted Remy’s mind.  He was looking directly at Nick, who was nearly finished with his food.  “Your ship is stocked and all ready to go.”
“Good man,” Nick said, nodding in Edward’s direction.  Edward reached in his pocket and pulled out a couple of coins, handing them to the boy.  After the boy had rushed outside – really, was a tavern the proper place for a boy his age? – Nick swallowed his last bite.  “Let’s go, then.  Time to get back to work.”

***

Back on the ship, Remy found herself in the galley washing the dishes.  Certainly, this was one of the last places she would want to be, but she was beginning to appreciate the fact that she was isolated here.  Unless someone was preparing a meal or eating it, the galley was left empty.  Remy figured she could hide out here and avoid Nick, hoping to keep the injury a secret for as long as possible.  She was also out of the sun and, though she was loathe to admit it, washing dishes was not exactly hard labor.
In fact, Remy might actually go as far as to say that it was… soothing. 
Her injury did not bother as much as she had expected though she was looking forward to Adele changing the bandages that evening.
Adele…
Remy had thought that the red head had hated her.  She remembered Adele from her first trip down here – or whichever direction The Underworld was in comparison to earth – and even then, Adele had seemed happy to see her.  She had her arms crossed over her chest and her brown eyes narrowed, full of suspicion.  Looking back, Remy could not blame her.  Surely Adele had seen plenty of souls pass through here.  She probably did not trust that Remy, or whomever else she had gotten to know, would actually stick around for a while.  And to be honest, if Remy knew had to get home, she would do it.  She would not even hesitate.
Adele had a right to be suspicious.  Perhaps she even had reason to dislike Remy without knowing her too.  But Remy was glad for Adele.  Without the red head, she would surely be dead.  Or in excruciating pain as that man and his witch friend tried to transfer her soul into his body or however it was supposed to work.
At that moment, the door was opened and in walked the captain of this ship himself.  He still had that chummy smile etched onto his angled face with those brown eyes sparkling mischievously.  It was a complete transformation from the tense pirate she had met when she was first taken by him and forced here.  She did not like to think about it, but it appeared as though Tenedor did wonders on Nick’s mood.  It transformed him into probably the person he normally is.  But if it was true, that he had been down here for nearly a century, then she could understand how he might need a place as lawless as Tenedor in order to feel free.
“’ello darling,” he greeted her, his smile revealing gold canines that glinted in the little light that managed to sneak through the dirty windows.
What was he doing here anyways?  Did he not trust her to do her assigned duty?  Her eyes quickly descended on her arm and she was relieved to see that her arms were covered by Adele’s long sleeves so the telling bruises were hidden from view.  For now.
“Hello,” she said in a tentative tone, avoiding making eye contact with him.  She was worried that there was a good chance he would be able to tell something was off if he looked into her eyes.  Remy did not know how, but from her limited experience with Nick, she knew he was quite apt at reading people.  Even if they gave no hints of their secrets or looked as though nothing was wrong.
He could always tell.  Like a bloodhound chasing a slippery fox.
So she focused her attention on the task at hand.
“I must say, I’m quite surprised at the fact that you are here, doing the dishes,” he said, taking a seat across from her.
“I am supposed to be here,” she pointed out.
“Yes,” he agreed.  “That’s what makes it so surprising.”  There was a pause; because Remy had nothing to say, she kept her mouth shut.  She knew better than to try and force conversation when there was no need on her part to do so.  That was when secrets were found out.  People always knew when conversations were not natural.  “So.  I heard you had a little adventure in Tenedor.”
Remy’s eyes snapped up.  Nick revealed nothing though, nothing except that tightlipped smile and those sparkling brown eyes.  He leaned forward, pushing his brows up so they hid underneath his dark hair and tri-corn hat.
“Um…”  She let her voice trail off only because her mind was trying to figure out just what to say.  How could he already know about her – what had he called it? – adventure the previous night that most likely would have ended in tragedy had it not been for Adele?  Adele would not actually tell him, would she?  Certainly Adele might not like Adele – despite everything they had so recently been through – but Remy really did believe the red head when she promised she would not reveal what happened to Nick.
“Don’t play coy with me,” Nick teased.
If he had found out, why was he so… happy?  Should he not be mad or upset or at least demand to see her wound in order to check if it was all right?  Should he not be more worried?  And yet, he was there, smiling, teasing her, as though her trial was not important.
“You actually ate the bread,” Nick continued.
Remy blinked.  “What?”
“You know,” Nick prodded.  “For someone so picky about dress and drinking and eating and what have you, you seemed to enjoy the bread at Albatross.  The food, really.  I heard you had two servings of hot eggs when you broke your fast.”
“Oh.”  Oh.  Thank God.  He did not know!  He did not know!  “Yes.”  She forced a smile.  “Yes, I guess it was an adventure.  The food was delicious.”
“Agreed,” Nick said with a nod, sitting up straight.  “It also has the best rum on the island, possibly even in the entire Underworld.  Perhaps next time you might give it a try.”
Another fake smile, but no promises were given.  Remy hoped to be away from here, back home, and if she was not, she did not plan to indulge in drink.  Not after Charlie’s horror stories. 
“Will you at least admit that you enjoyed your time there then?”
Remy had no idea why it mattered to Nick that she said she enjoyed Tenedor.  It was not as bad a place as she expected, but she did not like it.  She felt as though she were some kind of royalty because the souls simply stared at her on the island and some – as she had so personally experienced – actually approached her.  So no, she did not like Tenedor.  She did not like being stabbed and the center of attention.
But the eager, hopeful look on Nick’s face…
Before Remy had the chance to answer, the door burst open yet again.  Remy frowned, though somehow managed to keep from snapping at Edward and Nick that she would prefer it, actually, if they knocked before barging into the galleys.  It was probably the look on Edward’s face that kept her from speaking.
“Sir,” he said, those deep blue eyes fixed solely on Nick.  “A man.  In the water.  A shipwreck.  Just ahead.  Please.  Come quickly.”
Nick did not need to be told twice.  He was up and out of his seat without a glance in Remy’s direction.
Which was perfectly fine with Remy.  Because she, too, wanted to see what rendered Edward unable to form a cohesive sentence.  And if Nick had lingered, he would notice that Remy could not walk completely upright.
And Remy did not want that.



Chapter 15  
It took her longer than it normally would have, but Remy made it to the starboard side of the ship, along with the rest of the Black Star’s crew.  It was another few minutes before she realized what everyone was staring at, and in that moment, she now understood Edward’s urgency.  There, in the middle of the water was a man clinging to his dear life to a wooden sheet, probably once part of his ship that, judging from the pieces that littered the ocean, had been demolished.
“Oh my God,” Remy whispered to herself.  Her body shuddered when she took in the sight of the dead bodies they came upon.  Some were missing limbs.  Others were bleeding out quite profusely.  Others were decapitated.  Sometimes, it was only a hand that floated by.  But it did not matter.  The blue of the water was tainted with red.
No one was shielding her.  No one was telling her that a lady should not see such things.  And Remy herself did not look away.  She wanted to, and yet she was transfixed by the horrendous sight.
Who would do something like this?  Who could be heartless?  These men floating lifeless would never see their final resting place.  Instead, they would be lost.  And even though was not certain what that meant, exactly, she knew that being lost was probably the most tragic thing a soul could endure.
It was not fair.
“Surely we are going to do something, yes?”  She tilted her head back so she was looking at Nick, hoping the look on his face, perhaps in his eyes, would give her some clue as to what it was he was thinking.  Nick would not just leave the man, would he?  Even though he was a pirate, Nick would do the right thing.
He had when it came to her.  This man should be no different.
“We are not just going to leave him there,” Remy prodded, her eyes still planted on the pirate captain.
“Course not,” Nick said, though his eyes were looking at the man oddly, like the man was a piece to this incomplete puzzle and Nick had no idea as to where to place him.  With that said, Nick turned his attention to Edward.  “Get a line to throw at to the poor bloke and be prepared to cast it on my orders.”
Edward nodded and disappeared.
“Ahoy there, mate!” Nick called to the man.’
“Ahoy,” the man called back.  His blue eyes locked onto Nick – it was quite easy to decipher that Nick was the man in charge – and his chapped lips curled into a smile nothing short of relief.  His voice was groggy, filled with exhaustion.
Edward returned at that moment with rope and proceeded to tie one end to the banister of the ship.
“What happened there?” Nick asked, gesturing at the wreckage.
Remy’s eyes widened in surprise.  Just what was he doing exactly?  Could he not see that this poor man needed rescuing, not questioning?  Even Remy could tell the man was close to releasing his grip on the only thing keeping him afloat and yet, here was Nick, giving him some sort of interrogation.  
“Attacked,” the man replied.  He, too, seemed surprised by the inquiry but he said nothing of it.  “Didn’t see it coming.  Disappeared.”
“And you survived, eh?”  There was slight doubt written in Nick’s dark eyes, and he raised his right brow.
“Yes.”
“What are you waiting for?” Remy asked in a hushed voice.  “The man can barely hold onto the board.  Have Edward toss him the line.”
“Darling, when you’re captain of your own ship, feel free to run it how you see fit,” Nick said, using the same low voice.  “But you’re a part of my crew now, understand?  So do us all a favor, and shut it for the time being.”
Remy dropped her mouth in surprise at how rude Nick had just been but before she could say anything to tell him just how displeased she was, Nick turned and nodded to Edward.  From there, Edward tossed the man the line and in a manner of moments, they had pulled him onto the ship.
Remy had been correct.  He was about to let go of the board.  He barely gripped the rope securely and once aboard, could not even stand.  Giselle hurried off, mumbling something about getting the man something to eat and perhaps a glass of water.  Calum followed, adding that he would grab the man a change of clothes and something to dry the man off with.  Remy pressed her lips together; she should have thought of doing something helpful but she could not stop staring at the man currently sitting on the wooden deck, his blue eyes far away.
“He looks tired,” Remy commented.
Though the words were initially for herself, she saw Nick nod.  “He needs to sleep now.”
Once the couple had returned, Nick told Calum to check him out – medically speaking – and then dry him off, help him change his clothes, and let him sleep in Nick’s own bed.
“But your sheets are silk!” Remy exclaimed once Giselle and Nick, both helping the man belowdeck, were out of earshot.  “He’ll get them wet!”
“You realize that man is teetering on death, yes?” Nick asked, turning to face her.  “And not this kind, but the kind you don’t come back from.  Calum’s going to dry him off and change his clothes before he takes the stranger to my room so it won’t be as bad as your overactive mind his claiming it to be.  If I want him to talk about his recent trial, I need him comfortable.”
This caused Remy to pause.  Nick wanted information from the man, she realized, which was why he was so accommodating.
“Why, then, did you ask him what happened?” she asked.  “Why not just toss him the line without saying anything?”
“He may be injured,” Nick said, “but this is still my ship.  I’m responsible for it, just like I’m responsible for my crew.  If I had detected a threat from him, I would have left him there to die.”
The seriousness in his voice caused Remy to shiver.  She believed him.
Adele and Edward both faded away, probably to finish off some menial task that had been interrupted by the wreckage.  Remy knew she should probably return to the galley, but instead, she decided to follow Nick to the helm of the ship.  His fingers gripped the rudders of the wheel and she watched as he set course to wherever it was they were headed next.
“Where are we going?” Remy decided to ask, tilting her head to the side as she took in Nick as a whole.  There really was something awe-striking about him.  He might not be tall or intimidating, but he had a presence about him, a presence no one could take away from him.
Nick gave her an annoyed look.  “Has anyone ever told you that you ask too many questions?” he asked.
“I think you have, actually,” she said.
His lips twitched at her response and he shifted his eyes back at the horizon.  “Port Haven,” he said.
“Port Haven?”  She had never heard of Port Haven.  “Where is that?”
“I’m guessing that’s where that man was from,” Nick said.  “I’m not sure if you noticed that he was wearing a uniform, yes?  That’s because he’s part of the Guard, a bufon is what we call them.  And every member of the Guard hale from Port Haven.  It’s where the law is formed and upheld.  It’s where those that break the law are imprisoned, where trials take place, and where the imprisoned are executed.”
“But…”  Remy gnawed the inside of her lip for a moment before finishing her thought.  “But you are a pirate.”
“Yes.”
“You will be imprisoned.”
“Most likely.”  He shifted his eyes back to Remy.  “So will you.  So will the crew.”
“But you saved that man’s life,” Remy said, stamping her foot on the wooden floor.  “How could they imprison you – us – after you saved that man’s life?”   
“You should know best, darling,” Nick said with a small smile on his face.  “It’s those that are in power only see everything in black and white.  Because I am labeled as a pirate, someone who is bad, one good deed isn’t enough to redeem my wicked reputation.”
Remy should have felt offended by Nick’s slight insult.  Yes, she knew all too well that many people – herself included – viewed the world in terms of one or the other, never both or neither.  And yet, she felt that her view of the world was changing.  She knew Nick was not bad, not after he saved her life and allowed her on his ship.  And even though Adele still probably did not like her, the red head saved Remy’s life.
“Well, perhaps you can strike a deal with him,” Remy went on.  “Say, he has to grant us immunity for safe passage back to Port Haven.  And if he does not, we will…”  She pressed her lips together, thinking hard, completely ignoring the amused look on Nick’s face.  “We will take him to Tenedor.  Yes.”  She nodded, satisfied.  “Yes, we will take him to Tenedor and not give him any way of protecting himself.”
“Quite the threat, love,” Nick said.  “You’re starting to think like a pirate, I see.  But no, we’re going to return him to Port Haven.”
“But why?”
Nick frowned.  “Why do you continue to question me?’ he asked.  “I am your captain and you aren’t allowed to question me.”
“Now who is the one thinking in terms of black and white?” Remy asked, furrowing her brow.  “I think I have a right to know why you are so willing to allow this bufon – or whatever it is you called him – safe passage to his home when my life is at stake.  As is the crew’s.”
“You don’t think I’m doing this out of the goodness of my heart?”  He placed his hand where said organ was located underneath his chest.  “You wound me.”
“I hope you are not doing this for that reason.  You would be stupid for it.”  Remy stopped herself from continuing.  Something was bothering her, something about Nick’s explanation was not sitting well with her.  But what was it?  And then, it came to her.  “You think this attack was committed by Captain Pan.”
It was a statement, not a question.  Nick remained silent, his eyes staring straight ahead of him.  But something flickered in the brown irises, and Remy knew that she was correct in her assumption.
“You want information about Captain Pan,” she went on.  Now that she knew why Nick was acting the way he was, her voice got stronger, more confident.  “And you think that if you help this bufon, he will give it to you.”  It was so clear now, Remy did not believe she had not seen it before.  There was only one thing Remy did not quite grasp.  “Why?”
“Why what?” Nick asked, his voice dry but his eyes guarded.
“Why do you care so much about this Captain Pan that you would risk your life, my life, the crew’s life, just for information about him?”
“It’s none of your business,” he snapped.
“Of course it’s my business,” Remy retorted.  “My life is at stake, or had you forgotten?”
“You are quite dramatic when you think your life is being threatened.”  He arched a brow.  “What if I guaranteed you that you would not die or be harmed or anything of the sort?  Would you shut your mouth and just relax?”
“I do not appreciate your attitude,” Remy said, “but yes, I would probably relax, considering I trust you.”  She looked into Nick’s eyes for what felt like a long time.  “Do not let me down, Captain.”  With that, she spun around on the heel of her boot and headed to the descending staircase in order to reach the galley.

***
The sun was still setting by the time everyone filed into the galley in order to eat.  Giselle had cooked, and as before, it smelled delicious and tasted just the same.  Conversation was lacking; people were too tired to talk while some were thinking too deeply.  Remy was a bit of both.  As the day went on, her wound stopped hurting but there was still that numbing that maybe was not directly painful but rather persistent, an annoyance much like if someone was continuously tapping her side.
Just as everyone finished their food, the door to the galley swung open and there stood the man they had saved from the wreckage.
“Sir,” Calum said, standing up.  “You must rest.  You’ve been through a lot and in order to regain your energy, you must sleep.”
“With all due respect,” the man said, wincing slightly.  “I need sustenance.  The smell…  It woke me up.  I haven’t eaten in two days.  Please.  May I eat?”
Remy shot a quick look at Nick, trying to decipher how happy the captain was at the thought that he would be able to question this man sooner than he thought.  But as was usual for Nick, his eyes were guarded, hiding his true feelings at the changing situation.  
The man slowly made his way into the room and took a seat across from Remy and adjacent to Nick.  He was tall, Remy realized, a couple of inches taller than Nick, but lacking the sturdiness that Nick seemed to encompass.  He was dirty – which Remy could not quite explain since he had been in the ocean for a long portion of time and assumed that the water would wipe away the grime – but he had changed into the clothes Calum had given him.  They were too big for him, considering Calum was taller than this man, but they seemed to suit him.  He had dark brown hair that had at one time been pulled into a ponytail but now framed his face quite messily.  He might be handsome though, especially with those blue eyes and that strong jaw line.
Remy wondered just how this man had died and how he ended up being a bufon.
Giselle placed a plate in front of the man and it was not long before he began to eat.  Quite messily, in fact.  Remy could not stop her nose from scrunching up if she had tried.  Nick managed to catch her eye and he gave her a reprimanding look.
“So,” Nick said, tearing his eyes away from Remy and looking at the stranger, who was already nearly finished with his food.  “Why don’t we start off with a name.”
“I already know who you are,” the man said between bite.  “You’re Nick Grey, the Transporter.”
Remy giggled at his response as well as the look currently etched out onto Nick’s face.  The man’s eyes snapped up at her and suddenly, Remy felt herself straighten.  His eyes were looking at her in the same way her attacker’s had.  He said nothing, but continued to stare causing the young girl to shift uncomfortably.
“Your name, son?” Nick asked, trying to distract him from Remy.
“Who is she?” the man asked, pointing at Remy.  He did not take his eyes off of her.  “Why do I feel…”
“Your name?” Nick tried again, this time putting more emphasis in the question than he had been.
“Lieutenant Giles Watson.”  He was still looking at her.  “She’s alive, isn’t she?  I can feel her heartbeat from where I sit.”
“Sir,” Nick said.  He had walked around the table and took a seat next to Remy in hopes to capture the lieutenant’s attention from Remy.  “We need you to tell us what happened so we can help you.”
“You cannot help me,” Giles said.  It was only then that he looked from Remy.  “That ship appeared through a thick haze of fog and disappeared just as quickly.  He killed everything in his path.  Everyone.  My friends.  My companions.  Hone.  All gone.  They’ll never have the chance to rest in The Paradise.  They’re souls are lost forever.”
“Why do you think you survived?” Edward asked.
Giles glared at him.  “I’ve been wondering that since he left,” he muttered.  “I just don’t understand.  He wasn’t supposed to do something horrendous.”
“Who?” Nick said with urgency.  “Who did this?”
“I mean,” Giles continued, looking at Remy once again.  She had no idea why he was speaking with her instead of Nick, but his eyes still had that hungry look in them.  As though, like her attacker, he wanted nothing to take her life from her and instill it in his own body.  “The Magistrate sends him to keep a patrol out on the seas.  He has nearly as much jurisdiction as we do, and surely he’s not allowed to murder the innocent.  He’s supposed to keep the peace.  He goes where we cannot.”
“Who?” Nick said again.  Remy noticed how tightly the pirate captain was gripping the edge of the wooden dining table; his knuckles were white, contrasting greatly with the smooth tan occupying the majority of his skin.  “Who?”
“Captain Pan,” Giles finally answered.  “He did this.  I recognized his eyes.  Blue, but lifeless.  Dead.  He didn’t even give us a chance to fight.  He snuck up on us, didn’t give us a warning.  And just like that, it was over and he was gone.”
“Sounds like Pan,” Remy heard Nick muttered beside her.
“Now what?”  Giles looked around, as though noticing the rest of the crew for the first time before resting his eyes on Remy.  “Where are we going?”
“We’re going to dress your wounds and make sure you get better,” Giselle explained.
“We’re taking you back to Port Haven,” Nick said.  “I assume that’s where you’re from.”
When Giles nodded, Remy said, “But we need your word The Guard will not harm us when we return you to your home.”
“Darling?” Nick asked through gritted teeth.  “What, exactly, are you doing?”
Remy ignored him.  “If you know Nick, you know he’s a pirate,” Remy said, “and even here, piracy is a hangable offense.  We just saved your life, and more than that, we are helping you resume your gull health.  The least you could do is guarantee that none of us aboard will see the gallows while bringing you to your home.”
Giles pressed his lips together.  “I daresay you are right,” he said after a long moment.  “All right.  You have my word nobody shall be harmed while in Port Haven.”
“Great!”  Nick clapped his hands.  “You wouldn’t mind signing your name to a sort of contract stating that then, would you?”







Chapter 16  
Port Haven took another two days to reach.  All the while, Nick had Remy doing menial tasks, such as the dishes, organizing his bookshelves alphabetically by author and then alphabetically by title, cleaning every room – though Remy refused to go to the third level – and even swabbing the deck – a task she hated nearly as much as washing the dishes.  However, Remy did not complain once because it got her away from Lieutenant Giles Watson.  He never did anything inappropriate, of course.  Apparently the Guard was quite familiar with the law of etiquette, but he continued to stare at her which made her nothing short of uncomfortable.
There was a bright side where it concerned her injury, however, and that was that Adele only had to change the bandages one time before the wound finally clotted enough to seal itself up.  It was still sore and Remy could not reach for anything without wincing but it was getting better and she was alive.  Even more than that, Nick had never found out about it, and with his head distracted with Lieutenant Giles Watson and Captain Pan, she highly doubted he would be paying any attention to her in the near future.
After Edward called the land ho, Remy took a break from washing the dishes and walked back on deck in order to take a look at the island for herself.  They probably had good three or four hours before they reached it, which meant that it would be around suppertime once they docked and reached the land.  From what she could see, there was nothing particularly special about the island; in fact, it rather looked like Port Royal, with its steely grey fort.  That was all she could see given the ship’s current position, but she found herself rather excited at the prospect at exploring a place that certainly was new, but also was familiar to her.  If Port Haven was anything like Port Royal, she had nothing to worry about.
Although… rarely did Remy travel through her town without some sort of chaperone.  Maybe it was dangerous than it seemed.  Executions did take place on the island, and she had heard gossip that the downtown portion of the island was frequented by pirates, but Remy had never felt threatened personally.  And if the Guard populated Port Haven, any visiting pirate was nothing short of stupid.
Unless they had a written contract, like Nick did.  He had drawn up the article and Giles had signed it.  Remy did not know where Nick kept the parchment, but she trusted that it was safe.
After another moment in the sun, Remy headed back down to her designated post and began to finish the second half of her workload.  It was not long before she had a visitor.  At first, she believed it to be Giles who wanted to simply stare at her again, but it was Nick.  She gave him an expectant look, waiting for him to explain his presence here only because he seemed to avoid the galley unless he was eating or needed to speak to Remy about something.
“Yes, well,” Nick began, shutting the door behind him.  “I suppose I just want to thank you.”
Remy had turned back to her dishes, but she heard his footsteps on the floor slowly making his way over to her.
“For what?” she asked.
From the corner of her eye, she saw Nick pull a face.  Apparently, he was not the sentimental type in the least, causing the girl to hide an amused smile in the form of standing up and turning so she could put the dry dishes away.
“You know,” he said.
“In fact, I do not.”  Remy managed to open the cabinet drawer with one hand while balancing her dishes in her free arm.  It was a talent she had never believed she would possess let alone knew existed.
“For the contract,” he finally said.  “I admit, I did not think to make him sign something.  Even though I am the captain of the ship and make all the decisions, I also know when thanks are in order.  And they are.  Right now.  So thank you.”
“You are welcome,” Remy said, glancing at Nick over her shoulder before rolling onto her tiptoes and reaching up to place the dishes in their proper place.
Except she faltered because her body winced in reaction to the wince.
Remy bit her lip from crying out and forced herself to put away the dishes, hoping that Nick had not noticed the slight hesitation in her action.  When she finished, she closed the cabinet doors and let her heels drop back down to the floor.  She turned, only to find Nick directly behind her, his brow eyes narrowed at her suspiciously.
“What was that?” he asked her in a low tone.
How had he sneaked up behind her without her hearing him?  His movements were always firm and purposeful, which meant that he normally made noise.  
“What was what?” Remy asked, but she knew that playing dumb was futile.  She had always been a bad liar, and judging from the way Nick was looking at her, she would bet that he would agree with her.
Nick pressed up his brow, his hands curled into fists resting on his hips.  Now Remy could tell how the shortest man aboard could be the most intimidating.  Releasing his lips after having pressed them in a thin line – probably to reign in his patience, if Remy had to guess – his eyes dropped to her stomach.  Under any other circumstances, Remy would have made an indignant huff and demand an apology for so blatantly looking anywhere but her eyes.  However, Remy knew that Nick was not being lascivious.  
He knew.
“Lift up your shirt,” he ordered.
Remy swallowed but did not immediately do as he bid her to do.  
“Remy,” he said in the same voice.  It was the first time she heard him call her by her name and not some tacky endearment.  It caused goosebumps to spread throughout her body.  “That was not a request.”
Remy breathed in.  She did not know why, but tears had accumulated in her eyes.  Remy forced them at bay; she would not cry in front of Nick.  Slowly, her fingers wrapped around the hem of her shirt and lifted the material up.  Nick’s eyes snapped to the injury and before either of them knew what was happening, Nick reached out and placed three fingertips on the wound, caressing them.  Remy sucked in her stomach, unsure if the reaction was because she felt pain or something else due to his touch.  She could not feel pain, interestingly enough, but she knew she should.
“How did it happen?” Nick asked, dropping his fingers.  Remy took this to mean she could release her shirt.  “When?  By whom?  And who helped you, and don’t say nobody because I know you’re not capable of fixing wounds.”
Remy wanted nothing more than to retort something smart at Nick’s lack of faith in her medical abilities, but the way he was looking at her, the way he was speaking, revealed just how angry he was.  For the life of her, she could explain why.
“Tenedor.”  When had her throat gone so dry?  Why did she feel as though she had broken some rule?  Surely he could not blame this on her?  “I went for a walk outside and” –
“Were you by yourself?”
Remy realized she said something wrong.  “It was not anybody’s fault but my own,” she insisted.  “I got bored and decided to explore the tavern, but I guess I was too deep in my own thoughts and headed outside.  There was a man.  He kept saying how he was going to take my life and put it into him.  I only asked him to tell me where the Albatross was!  He said he would help!”
“God dammit!”  Nick’s sharp tone caused Remy to wince much in the same way as her wound did.  “You know better!  You must know better.  Even you cannot be as stupid as to walk around Tenedor without some sort of escort.  Did you not believe me when I said men will pillage you without second glance?  You’re young and beautiful and naïve; it’s not every day they see someone like you.”
Remy was not sure whether to feel elevated at the fact that he believed her to be beautiful or outraged that he had called her stupid.  She ended up going with the latter.
“Perhaps if you had not gone off, galavanting with your three bedroom companions, I would not have reason to have wandered off,” she replied, her voice raising on its own accord.
“So now this is my fault?” Nick asked.
“What do you expect?  I am seventeen years old, away from everything I know and am familiar with.  Everyone on this ship is paired up in some way.  Edward and Adele go get the supplies.  Calum and Giselle fix people up, take care of people.  I may not be dead – really and truly dead – but I feel lost.”  Remy was breathless, but more than that, she was surprised at her outburst.  It was only then that she realized that what she had said was true, and then some.
Nick’s eyes appeared to have softened, but Remy was nearly certain the light seeping into the window was merely playing tricks on her eyes.
“How did it happen?” he asked through gritted teeth.
Remy swallowed once more.  She was beginning to find that she really did not like to talk about this much.  At all, really.  But she forced herself to.  “He was leading me to a woman,” she said.  “A witch, a gypsy, I do not know, but he said she could transfer my life into his body, that she claimed such a feat was possible.  I probably should have kept my mouth shut because he wanted me quiet and that was when…”  She let her voice trail off but forced herself to go on.  “He kept saying that he did not want to kill me, just wound me, shut me up.”
“How did you get away?”  His voice was still low, rough, but it was also surprisingly calm.
It was only at this point in their conversation when Remy was not sure how to answer.  Instead of doing so directly, she said, “You cannot punish her.  She was only doing what I asked her.  I did not want you to find out.”
This seemed to throw Nick off because he asked, “Why?”
“Well…”  Remy shrugged her shoulders.  “For one, I did not want to interrupt your night.”  She refrained from mentioning his company again but the thought was there.  “And I did not want you to punish me or think me stupid.  Like you are right now.”
Now Nick’s face relaxed.  Of course his eyes were still intent and Remy could tell he was still upset, but the look currently occupying his face was gentle almost.
“You need to learn to trust me,” he told her.  “I’m your captain.  I’m responsible for you.  The fact that something happened to you on my wat6ch enrages me.  I should have been there to protect you, not…”  He looked at Remy as though waiting for her to tell him.
“Adele,” she murmured.  “It was Adele.  But you cannot punish her.”
“How?”
“She said that I give off this presence.”  Remy furrowed her brow.  “I forget how she put it, but to the souls here, I give off a life force that draws those who have died to me.  Like the man.  And like Adele.  She found me and saved me and dressed my wounds.  But remember, I made her promise not to tell you so” –
Nick held up his hand, stopping her from saying anything more.  “Do us all a favor, and shut it, aye?”  Remy frowned at him and Nick went on.  “I’m not going to punish Adele, okay?”  
He took a few steps toward her until he was towering over her sitting frame and then, surprisingly, leaned down so his face was centimeters from her face.  Remy felt herself inhale sharply at his close proximity and prayed that Nick did not notice her abrupt change in demeanor.  “But darling,” he said, annunciating every word carefully, slowly, “when I say stay close, you do it.  And if I’m not there, you stay close to someone in the crew.”
“I am not a child,” she said, but her voice was not as strong as she had hoped it would be.
“No you are not,” he agreed.  “But you are still on my ship, and my orders shall be obeyed whether you agree with them or not.  You savvy?”
There was that word again.
“I will do my best to do as you bid me to,” Remy said.
Nick closed his eyes, probably trying to reign in the frustration that was beginning to show as lines on his face.  “No, that’s not the answer I’m looking for.”
“Well, what do you expect?”  Remy was not whining, but her tone was firm.  “You are making sure that it is only I who have the responsibility of my welfare, but your order insists that I be under someone’s watch.  If they do not do a good job at keeping an eye out on me, or forget my presence, or something of that nature, you cannot blame me, can you?”  She raised a brow, but Nick did not answer.  “Exactly.  So.  I will do my best to be under someone’s watch.  Does that satisfy you?”    
“I suppose I have no other choice but to accept it,” Nick retorted.
“You are correct.”  She felt herself release the breath she had been holding when Nick stood upright once more.  “Is there anything else you wish to ask of my while you are here?”
“Yes, actually, there is.”  Nick had the tip on his index finger caressing the point of his chin.  Remy had been around Nick long enough to know that he was thinking of something, something rather deeply.  “Answer me this: are you hurt?”
Remy blinked.  Was he kidding?
She turned her head in order to get a good look at the pirate captain, but whatever she had hoped to find in those brown eyes were tucked away, hidden from her.  Was he really concerned about her, or did he feel it was simply part of his duty to ask her?  
And then, something else crossed her mind, and she realized that it explained why Nick was behaving so unlike himself.  
“You do not hold yourself responsible for my injury, do you?” she asked, her shock tainting her tone.
“I am your captain,” Nick said finally, avoiding Remy’s eyes.  “Anything that happens to my crew is my responsibility.”  For whatever reason, it was at that moment when he looked at her.  “You know nothing of this world, Remy”  There it was again, her name on those lips.  There it was again, the shiver sliding down her spine.  “You are young and naïve.  You do not know of the consequences that follow certain actions, and you do not understand directly how this world works.  I should have sacrificed one night of…  I should have kept an eye out for you, you know.  Of course I blame myself.”
“But you warned me,” Remy pointed out.  “You warned me that these people did things such as this.  I did not take your warning seriously, and I paid the price.  No.  This is my fault.”
Remy stopped herself from continuing only because she realized that she and Nick were having an actual discussion without any form of argument.  In fact, the conversation seemed almost reassuring, as though Nick was in some way trying to ensure Remy’s safety and taking the blame when he knew he had not, and Remy was trying to tell him otherwise.  She had never expected anything of the sort to transpire between she and Nick.
“I suppose we shall just have to agree to disagree then.”  Nick looked at her and was that a look of hesitation on his face, as though he did not expect her to go along with his plan.
Did he really think of her as that stubborn?
Remy pressed her lips together.  Well, she was making it all that easy for him, was she?  Perhaps she could be a bit more complacent…
“All right.”
He seemed surprised at her easy agreement which made Remy feel all the more badly for acting like such a… child.
She could admit it.  When she first got here, she was selfish and stubborn and terrified.  While she still experienced the latter, she hoped the first two traits would slowly begin to diminish over time.  Certainly she wanted nothing more than to go home, especially after her near brush with death, but she realized that there were worse places she could be than with Nick and his crew on the Black Star.  She was lucky to have a captain like him, lucky that he had saved her life, lucky that the crew was maybe not warmly welcoming (except for Giselle, of course) but they did not blatantly exclude her or comment on how they wished she was not here (except for Adele, most of the time).  She could behave better, she realized.  She wanted to behave better.
Edward walked in the galley at that moment.  His blue eyes looked between Remy and Nick before they finally rested on his captain.  The look on the quartermaster’s face caused Remy to blush, but she could not explain as to why that was.
“We’re nearing Port Haven,” Edward said.  “About a half an hour away.  Watson’s still in Calum’s hammock, asleep.  I figured you’d want to make sure everything goes smoothly.”
“Yes, indeed.”  Nick nodded once.  “Good man.”  He began to follow Edward out, but stopped when he reached the doorway.  He glanced back at Remy.  “Well, darling.  Are you coming?  I have a funny feeling you will like Port Haven much better than Tenedor.”
Remy felt herself smile and stand.  She followed Nick out.  He was probably right.    




















Chapter 17  
“Sir.”  The flowery low voice James had grown accustomed to during his time as ruler of The Underworld interrupted his daily reading and caused the man – because despite his long time down here, he was still technically a man, alive – to stop in the middle of a very compelling part in the story.  “Captain Pan is here to see you upon your request.”  She appeared at that moment, in his usual trousers and tunic, her trusted cutlass hanging on her side.  
“Ah yes,” he replied in his native Old Norse, his blue eyes flashing on the only person he completely trusted – Magdalena.  “That would be the only way he entered The Underworld, isn’t it?”  He smiled, knowing the answer.  No soul – unless otherwise designated – could not enter either The Paradise or The Underworld.  Unless, of course, personally requested by the ruler themselves.
Magdalena nodded her head, every lock of her wheat-colored hair pulled into place by a black ribbon.  James knew she favored the ponytail because hair in her face was a distraction and bothersome.  At least, that was what she continuously told him so he made sure she was provided with an infinite amount of ribbon in order to hold the hair back from her face.  
“He is in the day lounge and already he has annoyed Buckley,” Magdalena said in her usual flat tone.  She had taken to Old Norse quite quickly when he first began teaching her.  He wanted her to be able to communicate with him without anyone none the wiser about the topics they chose to discuss.  It was all they spoke because no one understood it.  Apparently, it was a dead language, save for scholars with nothing better to do than to learn it.  Which was fine with James since it provided him a language he could use that nobody could understand.
“Yes,” James said, making no move yet to stand.  “I have heard he’s quite particular about his tea.”
Magdalena rolled her amber eyes – now a chocolate-liquid color – and crossed her arms over chest.  “I don’t know why you insist on dealing with this man,” she said, slowly arching her left brow.  It was a common look for Magdalena and James could not help but be amused by it.  Of course, such emotion did not flash across his features, though he conceded that his eyes perhaps sparkled a bit more.  “He’s the absolute worst, and even more annoying is that he thinks he’s the best thing that’s happened to The Underworld corsets were implemented for women in order to disfigure them.”
James gave her a pointed look as he slipped his mark into the book he had been reading before closing it, setting it on the small, round table sitting adjacent to the couch he was lounging in, and standing up.  He towered over Magdalena, who could not be more than five foot two, five foot three at the absolute most.
“Your veiled attempt at criticizing corsets is duly noted,” he said in his usual cold, unemotional voice.  “Trust me Magdalena.  WE deal with Captain Pan for a very specific reason.  And we deal with him now more than ever because of another, though more important, reason.  We need him, whether our pride allows us to admit it or not.”
“We need no one,” Magdalena muttered in a voice that was easily discernable to the ruler of The Other World like he normally did when Magdalena felt the need to rant about something or other kept his mouth shut.
James proceeded to walk out of his grand library and into the long hallway.  Magdalena was right behind him, following his footsteps until they reached the parlor, where any of James’s guests were housed.  Rarely did he ever have guests so the room itself looked to be brand new rather than used.  There was a stiffness about it, despite the comfortable chairs, the welcoming layout.  Even when James opted to play one of the many grand pianos littered throughout his home that was placed in the parlor, the coldness remained.  However, James rarely went out of his way to make anyone feel comfortable or welcome, so his own piano playing was something he did solely for himself.
“Captain,” Aleksamder greeted in English once he walked into the parlor.
Captain Pan stood up after setting down his teacup.  “I’m glad you are here, James,” he said, apparently not noticing the flash of ice mirrored in James’s eyes at the informal use of his first name by someone undeserving.  “The tea you serve is dreadful.”
“So I’ve heard.”  James took his usual chair – rich in solid blue fabric with a high back and dark wood arm rests – which was shaped like a throne a king might sit in.  “Do you have any idea as to why I might have called you in today?”
James’s eyes focused on the man in front of him.  He noticed Captain Pan dressed up for this visit, though it was quite common for the captain to dabble in finery despite his low position.  Today, he wore a royal purple – the color of royalty – each piece of clothing ironed and pressed so it looked perfect.  Obviously the outfit was custom; James did not know many men outside of the royals who would wear such a bawdy color.  Captain Isaac’s brown hair was slicked back and his blue eyes looked sharp and determined.  After James asked his question, he caught the captain rubbing his lips together before answering causing James’s own lips to twitch.
So the man knew why he was here.
He exchanged a look with Magdalena, who was sitting in her usual seat to the left of his own.  Her legs were tucked underneath her chair, crossed at the ankles, and her hands were folded in her lap.  Her back was straight, her chin was tilted up; she looked like royalty, much more than Captain Pan did, and Magdalena was not even wearing purple.  
“Of course,” Pan said with a curt nod of his head.
“Then you should know that I am quite displeased at the rumors I’m hearing surrounding your escapades,” James said.  His voice grew colder as his eyes narrowed at the man in front of him.  “The souls you have promised to get me have been lacking in numbers.  Imagine my surprise when I hear that you’ve been killing them.  Not just gathering them together and releasing them to The Underworld, but killing them, allowing their souls to be lost forever.”
“That is just not” –
“True?”  James continued to stare at the man, his face passive but his eyes piercing.  “It would not bode well for you to lie to me, Captain Pan.  The power has gotten to your head.  Perhaps I should just consult with the Magistrate and let her know what you’ve been up to.”
“Under your orders!” Peter shouted, his brow furrowed and his hands dropping to his side where his cutlass was resting.
Immediately, Magdalena shot up and stood in front of James, her own weapon drawn and pointed at the rapidly beating pulse in Captain Isaac’s neck.
“Now, now,” James said, standing up.  He slowly walked around them and placed an arm on Magdalena shoulder, gently pushing her backwards before positioning himself in the middle of the two of them.  His back was to her so he could look at Peter.
“Sit down,” he ordered in the same controlled tone.  “Now.”
Peter had no choice but to do as James bid, sliding his weapon into its scabbard as he did so.
“Magdalena is the fastest person I have ever encountered with a blade,” James explained.  “You will not beat her.  And if you want to live, you will never threaten me in my own home, in my own world, again.  Do you understand?”  When Peter nodded, James continued.  “Good.”  He glanced back at Magdalena and gave her a small nod.  She, too, sheathed her weapon and took a seat.  “Now, Captain, here’s what’s going to happen: I’m going to talk and you’re going to listen.  You are not going to question me or argue with me.  You’re going to agree with me.  I promise you it will be worth your while to hear me out.”    
Peter looked as though he was about to respond, but he seemed to think better of it after seeing the look currently occupying James’s face.  Instead, Peter gritted his teeth, causing a dimple to pop in his cheek, and nod.
“Good.”  James, in one fluid motion, took a seat but his eyes never left Peter.  “Things have changed since our first agreement.  Obviously, you’ve taken your power to your advantage, and for whatever reason, see fit to destroy any prospect the souls down here have, leaving, I believe, one survivor to tell their story and build yourself a reputation.”  James’s eyes flashed once more.  “That’s going to stop.”
Peter dropped his mouth, prepared to argue, but again, something stopped him back.
When James was certain Peter wasn’t going to say anything, he continued.  “I’m sure you get some sort of thrill playing God, so to speak, but that was never part of our deal.  You get me souls, I give you free reign on the Seas.  You get protection.  And you get benefits.  Like the money you spent on that ridiculous outfit you are currently wearing.  I know the Magistrate doesn’t pay well, if at all, does she?”  Peter did not answer.  “That’s what I expected.  Which means it would behoove you to listen and then agree to my new terms.
“As I have stated, things have changed.  For now, your collection of souls for me shall cease.  Instead, I want you to get me a girl.  She is in The Underworld and it should not be that difficult to find her.”
“You want me,” Peter began slowly, as if testing out whether or not James would allow him to speak.  When James made no move to stop him, Peter went on.  “To get you a girl.”  He paused.  “You realize how many girls are down here, yes?  What if I bring you the wrong one?”
“That is impossible,” James said with certainty.  He leaned forward, his eyes still locked with Peter’s.  “You cannot mistake this girl.  You will know she is the one I’m looking for because she’s vivacious, lively.  There’s something about her, something unexplainable yet alluring.  She’s different than any other girl you’ve encountered down here, and I want her.”
“I did not know rulers could fall in love,” Peter stated, more to himself than to his hosts.
“Love?” Magdalena asked in disbelief.
“I do not love her,” James said, though his tone wasn’t chastising.  “I am merely stating the facts, as you will soon see once you find her.”
“Do you have any idea where she could be?” Peter asked.  “You cannot possibly expect me to sail out of The Underworld and then search for her.”
“Of course not,” James said.  “Your intelligence is not that capable.”  His lips twitched.  “Here is where you will want to pay close attention, Captain Pan.  Here is where you will benefit.  The girl – her name is Remy Cutler – is on a ship with none other than the Transporter, a Captain Nicholas Grey.  You’ve heard of him, I’m sure?”  When Peter’s eyes darkened at the name, James’s lips curled up into one of his rare smiles.  “I thought so.  The minute you give me Miss Cutler, you are free to do whatever you wish to the good captain.  I’d prefer it if you transported his crew to The Underworld since in recent times, you seem to have forgotten our deal, but my first priority – as is yours – is delivering Remy Cutler to me.”
“You have an accord,” Peter said, standing and sticking out his hand.
“Good,” James said, sliding up and taking Peter’s hand in his own.  He added a little unnecessary pressure in the shake so Peter understood just how serious he was.  “You will bring her to me unharmed, Captain.  If she is harmed, if even the smallest lock of her hair is out of place, you will face dire consequences, do you understand?”
Peter winced  but nodded.
“Good.”  James released Peter’s hand and waved him away.  “Now go.  I want Miss Cutler here as soon as possible.”
Peter turned and left with the little dignity he had left.
Magdalena stood.  “Do you think he will do as you command?” she asked him in Old Norse.
“If he knows what’s good for him, he will,” James replied. 


Chapter 18  
From the minute Remy stepped onto Port Haven, she immediately took to it, like a child took to candy.  It was familiar to her, welcoming her with open arms and delighting her in the fact that it resembled her home almost down to a tee.  There was the bustling dock, with sailors getting ready to set sail or sailors preparing to anchor, giving just arrived.  Once they had tied the two rowboats the Black Star’s crew used to get to the island to wooden posts, they climbed onto the wooden platform where an old man, probably a former sailor if Remy had to guess, were ready to jot a name down and take payment.  But his eyes widened at seeing Captain Grey and even more so when he noticed Lieutenant Giles Watson with him.
“It’s all right, Bradley,” Giles said.  “We’re going to talk to Governor Comrie.”
Nick placed a handful of gold coins on the clipboard Bradley held.  “That should be adequate payment, yes?” Nick asked, though Remy could tell from his tone that the pirate did not expect an answer.
The crew followed Lieutenant Watson as he led them through the dock and then to town.  Remy’s eyes tried to take in everything she could, but she knew such a feat was impossible with how quickly they were rushing.  
“Do you think we will have time to explore Port Haven later on?” she asked Nick in a whisper.
He looked surprised at her question, and patted her back in a reassuring manner.  “I don’t think so, darling,” he said in a soft voice.  “Just because we have a parchment saying that we have immunity right now doesn’t mean we’re welcome here.”
“Oh.”  She did not mean to sound so disappointed but she could not help.  The first place that reminded her of home, that she felt comfortable at, and she could not look more into it.
Remy could not finding similarities between her home and Port Haven.  There was a bleak but strong fort that protected the town from any attacks someone might inflict on them.  There were bustling docks, a town filled with people simply trying to make enough money to support themselves and whatever family was also awaiting to move on from this world to their final destination.  The only difference between the two places, Remy noticed, was that Port Royal was filled with rolling hills – her house had been built on one, as had the governor’s – while Port Haven looked flat.  No hills.  Remy was not sure how she felt about the difference; back home, she had barely even noticed them but now, despite their lack of presence, they were all she noticed.
She missed them.  And she should have appreciated them more when she had had the chance.
Lieutenant Watson led them through the town.  Remy made sure to take in all that she was able.  The townspeople were preparing for the evening, which meant shopkeepers were closing up their respective stores while vendors were setting up their designated area to sell things more suited to a night crowd, whether that was fortune-telling, certain charms and potions, trinkets (both cursed and uncursed), jewelry which was most likely stolen, and even women.  Remy did not feel at all threatened by these people.  Whether that was because she was with both a lieutenant and a pirate, she could not say.  But it also had to do with this island’s close resemblance to Port Royal.  If she merely closed her eyes, the sounds she found herself immersed in – the shouts of the salesmen hoping to make quick money, the drunken giggling, the swishing of women’s skirts, the animal noises, the tinkling of coins – she could pretend she was back home, sneaking out of the house in order to explore Port Royal at night without an escort save for Charlie of course.  It was something she had only done once, and only very quickly.  
Another thing that was abundant here and not in Port Royal was the blatant staring the townspeople did when they noticed Remy.  She knew she was different, she was alive, but that knowledge did not make it any more comfortable for the young girl.  Without fully realizing what she was doing, Remy felt herself walk a bit closer to Nick, hoping no one would think twice about trying to reach her once they saw him with her.  He was supposed to be an infamous pirate here, after all.
“You miss your home.”  It was a statement rather than a question.
Remy picked her eyes up and fixed them on the pirate captain.  “You do not?” she inquired.  “You are not dead yet which means that you were plucked from your own home on earth and thrust with the grand responsibility of transporting souls.  Certainly you miss your own home, back on earth.”
Nick nodded.  “Yes.”  He paused, his eyes straight ahead of him.  They had just passed through town and were now heading through what would otherwise provide good scenery if the sun was still out.  “But I am now used to this world, and if I were to return to earth, I would miss The Underworld.”
“How did you get here anyways?”  Remy had dropped her voice even though she and Nick were the last two people in their group.  She highly doubted Lieutenant Watson would be able to hear their conversation if they spoke normally.  However, she wanted to ensure secrecy in case it was a story Nick did not want known among his crew or the lieutenant.  “Were you plucked from obscurity and forced down here too?”
“If I remember correctly, I saved your life,” Nick pointed out, but he was smiling.  “As for my own story, it was not quite as black and white as your own.”
Remy said nothing, but turned her head to face Nick and raised her eyebrows expectantly.
Nick’s lips scattered across his face, pressed tightly together, as his brown eyes narrowed ahead of him and his brow pushed together.  He did not look angry, but he looked as though he was wincing against something.  “It’s hard to explain, really,” he began, his voice hesitant.  “But since you seem so keen on knowing, I’ll tell you.  I’m from London originally, but like most lads, I wanted to explore the colonies and long story short, I also happened to have been a pirate on earth before coming here.”
“That does not surprise me,” Remy murmured.  “But if that is true, why have I not heard of you?”
“Well, for one, I don’t see you going out of your way to catch up on the latest pirate news.  And considering I’ve been down here nearly a century, you probably wouldn’t have been born when I was gallivanting around the Caribbean.”
“I am seventeen, you know,” Remy said with a flare to her tone.  “Ten years here is one on earth, yes?  That would have made me about seven years of age when you disappeared.  Which makes you… old.”
“Hey now,” Nick said with a frown.  “Once you’re here, you stop aging.  It’s like time has stopped.  Yes, I’ve celebrated nearly one hundred birthdays, but I don’t look a day over one-and-twenty, hmm?”
“Maybe five-and-twenty,” Remy teased.
Nick gave her a dry look.  “Anyways, as I was saying…  Since I was pirate – a well-known one at that too, by the way, ask anyone – I was quite familiar with Tortuga.  Best rum on earth though I do prefer the Albatross.  Best rum and food.  And of course the selection of women to spend the” –
“All right,” Remy interrupted.  “Go on.  With your story, not your preferences, thank you very much.”
A smirk tugged at Nick’s lip.  “Right.  Well, as a pirate and a charming, lovable gentleman pirate at that, I was – still am – quite familiar with women.  However, because I happened to be so familiar with so many, some women weren’t that fond of me, you see.  I happened to know one – a gypsy, though she didn’t greatly resemble a gypsy – and she wasn’t too agreeable with my choice in lifestyle.  She told me that my disregard to women’s feelings was deplorable, and if I wasn’t careful, I’d have to pay some sort of repentance for my behavior.  Of course I laughed her off.  Me and the gypsy woman had never even been familiar in the horizontal way, if you catch my drift; what did she know about me?”
Nick paused in order to catch his breath and Remy took the moment to look around.  Tiny little cottages and homes were scattered on either side of the small dirt path they were on, surrounded by greenery and tall, shade-providing trees.  Most of the chimneys were releasing smoke, and every window showed lights.  Children that had been playing in the dirt were called inside for supper by parents.
Remy had never played outside except when she snuck out to see Charlie.  And her parents had never fetched her either.  It was always been Beatrice.
Beatrice…  She had not thought about her maidservant.  How selfish.  And Remy found that like her home and Charlie and even her parents, she missed Beatrice and all her good-natured lectures.
“Well, apparently she knew a lot.”  Nick’s voice was flat but there was still that slight hesitancy in it, like he was ashamed not of being so familiar with women but at not taking this elusive gypsy woman seriously.  “Not about me, mind you, but about curses and other gypsy-type things.”  He waved his hands around as though he were a witch and casting a spell.  “I remember eating, sitting at the Jolly Roger – a tavern on Tortuga, I highly recommend it, actually – and I was eating.  To this day I can’t remember just what I was eating, but I’m certain I was eating.  And then I wasn’t.  I was here, in The Underworld, on my ship, the Black Star – I hadn’t named her yet though – by myself.  And then she came.  The same gypsy woman and told me I would learn responsibility and compassion and empathy and all sorts of emotions I already knew, I just didn’t particularly experience.  She taught me what to do and said I needed to form a small crew because I couldn’t manage the ship by myself.  It came naturally, as many things do for me, and I’ve been doing this ever since.”  He glanced at Remy.  “What?  Why are you making that face?  You don’t believe me?”
“No, no, of course I do.”  Remy tilted her head to the side, her eyes on the floor below her in order to avoid tripping over any stray branches or thick tree roots.  “It is just…  This woman sounded as though she cursed you.  And curses usually have an expiration date.  Like, if she wanted you to learn something, she would have said, ‘Learn how to feel these emotions in ten years or you’ll stay here forever’ sort of thing.  She did not give you an ultimatum, a timeframe when you must learn your lesson?”
“It’s more complicated than that,” Nick said, reacquiring that same wincing face he had had when he first started telling that story.  “Technically, yes, she did, but she also” –
Before Nick could continue, Lieutenant Watson stopped abruptly, causing Giselle to nearly run into him had it not been for Calum’s quick reflexes.  “Here we are,” he announced.  “We’re just outside the front gates.”
“What now?” Edward asked, crossing his arms.
“We go over to the guards on duty and order them to take us to Commodore Davenport if he’s here,” Watson explained.  “But we’ll also need an audience with the governor.  He needs to know there’s a madman destroying ships and killing souls.  People need to be aware of the threat and prepared to battle if need be.”
“So we’re just going to walk right up to the gates and expect they’ll let us in, no questions?” Adele asked, doubt clearly written in her tone.
“Of course,” Giles said as though as it was the most obvious thing he had heard.  “Once they see me, they see I’m alive and well thanks to Captain Grey and his crew, they’ll let us in.  Trust me.”  
The crew emerged from the protective greenery and into plain sight.  It was not long before they were spotted by guards and ordered to stay where they were.  Giles stopped and raised his hands as though offering his surrender.  The crew looked to Nick, and once Nick followed Giles’s suit, the crew followed Nick’s.
“Well, well, well,” a guard said as he approached the group, immediately taking notice of Nick and seeming to ignore Giles’s presence.  “Nicholas Grey.  Please tell me you’re not stupid enough to come here of your own free will when there’s quite a high price on your head and the gallows just waiting for you to grace your presence.”
“Commander Branch,” Giles said, interrupting the man from his gloating.  “We need to speak to Commodore Davenport and Governor Comrie immediately.  Do you understand?”
But Commander Branch’s attention was drawn elsewhere.  His hard brown eyes were now staring straight at Remy, his mouth dropped into a small ‘o’ as though in awe of her.  “Who,” he began and then stopped.  He closed his mouth, his eyes swimming with Remy’s, like he was searching for the words to say but unable to find the proper way to describe what he wanted known.  He was finally able to say, “Who is she?”
“That doesn’t matter.”  Giles took a step in front of Commander Branch in order to block Remy from Branch’s sight.  Branch tried to look over the lieutenant’s shoulder but failed.  Finally, he pulled his eyes up to Watson’s face.  “Branch.  The Commodore and the Governor?”
“What of the pirate crew?” Commander Branch asked.  It looked as though he was struggling to keep his eyes fixed ahead of him and not anywhere Remy.
“They will accompany me,” Watson explained.  “Branch, I do not need to tell you anything further.  I’m certain you’ve heard of the Fearless attack?  This business is in relation to that.”
Branch looked behind him at his fellow guards who surrounded their leader at a respectable distance.  When he either found the answer that he was looking for or realized it was not written anywhere he could see, he swiveled his head back around and nodded once.  “Of course,” he said.  “Shall I detain the pirate crew while you have your word?”
“No,” Giles said with a swift shake of his head.  “They shall accompany.  I understand it’s rather unorthodox, but I assure you it is of the utmost importance.”
Gregory Branch looked as though he wanted nothing more than to argue, but Giles narrowed his eyes ever so slightly, preventing the commander from doing so.  Instead, Branch said, “Right this way, then.”
Commander Branch proceeded to lead them through the black gates – Romanesque, if Remy had to guess, the way they swooped and flourished – and then through the front yard.  The grass was cut evenly, the sharp scent of it pinching Remy’s nose.  Though it was dark, it was rather easy to discern a grand fountain placed to the left of the mansion, near the driveway where carriages dropped off guests and family.  Trees and bushes were trimmed to remain pleasing to the eye, and Remy could spot at least three more guards on the grounds.  A small flower garden rested near the front door, probably a product of the governor’s wife.
When they climbed the steps, Giles reached out and knocked brusquely on the eggshell-colored doors.  Like the gates, the house itself was structured like architecture from Rome, with pillars holding a second story balcony and a large archway that encompassed the front doors.  She could not make out any domes, but she doubted the governor had any use for such a specific type of design in his home when it was otherwise quite angled, much like a rather long rectangle.
The door opened, revealing a man Remy immediately recognized as a butler.  His entire face drooped down as though the look on his face was permanently etched into that serious frown.  His hair was masked by the wig he had to wear and his posture was perfect.  His clothing was ironed and tucked in, not a wrinkle or a speck of dust to be found on it.  Remy felt a pang at seeing him.  She did not know this man personally, but he represented all that was familiar to her.  As his grey eyes took in his new guests, she felt a slow, rumbling of shame begin in the deep recesses of her stomach.  She was dressed in the same outfit she had been wearing for the past three days.  She had not bathed or washed her hair since arriving in The Underworld.  She was certain she looked unsightly and smelled even worse.  How could she be seen looking so disheveled?  Her parents taught her better than that.
“Yes?” the butler drawled, raising his brows at Lieutenant Watson. 
“I need to speak to Commodore Davenport and Governor Comrie immediately,” Giles informed the butler.  “I do not have a card with me, but if you tell them that Lieutenant Giles Watson of the Fearless, I am certain they will see us.”
The butler murmured a ‘This way,’ after closing the door and turned on the heel of his polished black shoe and leading them to what Remy believed was the sitting room.  The room was set much in the same way her own home was, with bookshelves filled with books, comfortable couches and chairs depending on the number of guests and their preferences, and a small squared table in the middle, in case tea was served.  The only difference was that Remy’s sitting room – though it was silly of her to believe that she owned the room normally designated for her father’s business acquaintances – had a piano and this one did not.
Remy took a seat on the lavender colored sofa with Nick following suit next to her and Giselle taking the unoccupied seat next to Nick.  Adele took one of the chairs, Calum took the other, and both Edward and Giles opted to stand, the former next to Adele and the latter closer to the doorway of the room.
“What now?” Calum asked in his rough voice, looking at his captain rather than the lieutenant.
“Well,” Nick began, straightening slightly.  “We wait.  And hope the good commodore doesn’t override Lieutenant Watson’s order of immunity and have us arrested.”      

    






























Chapter 19  
They did not have to wait long.
Apparently the butler was more astute than he appeared because Commodore Davenport was in the sitting room within moments of their arrival.  Remy took in the sight of him, deciding that he looked like he was quite good at his job.  He certainly was dressed well, as all the occupants of this home appeared to be, and was actually handsome, much younger than a commodore should be.  He was tall, about the height of Edward, if not a couple of inches shorter.  He, too, had on one of those ridiculous wigs Remy never understood but interestingly enough, that did not deter from his good looks.  He had green eyes, a shade lighter than the sea, and an oval-shaped face that highlighted his cheekbones.  His mouth was pressed into a thin line, narrowing in on the infamous pirate captain seated next to Remy, and the young girl noticed how his gloved hands were curled into tight fists.  He had nice, broad shoulders and a well-built frame, ensuring that he was in shape and could handle himself.
Remy was certain he was going to remark about Nick’s presence – the pirate was seated comfortably, as though he was used to such luxury despite his criminal activity – and that casualness seemed to enrage the commodore further.
“Commodore Davenport,” Lieutenant Giles Watson greeted when he saw the commodore.  He pushed off the wall he had leaned against and pushed his shoulders back.  “I’m glad to see you.”
“As am I,” Commodore Davenport replied, and though he sounded sincere, he also sounded unsure.  “What I don’t understand is why there are pirates gracing the governor’s sitting room.”  
“There is a good reason for them to be here, as you will soon see.”  Giles’s voice was polite but firm, and he leveled his gaze at his superior, never taking his eyes off of the taller man.
Commodore Davenport clenched his jaw, seemingly unhappy with Watson’s decision to keep him uninformed until the governor arrived.  His eyes drifted around the room, a look of slight disgust touching his handsome features as he took in the sight before him.
Remy felt herself blush.  She could not exactly blame him now, could she?  The people here – everyone save for Lieutenant Watson – was dirty and probably smelled quite badly.  And here they were, tainting the lovely furniture with their presence.  Then his eyes fell on her, and she could not help but roll her shoulders back and edit her posture.  She might not look like a lady at present, but she sure as hell would act like one, even if the commodore believed her to be a common pirate.  However, he did not look displeased when his eyes encountered her own.  Instead, his face softened and his eyes looked… confused.  Curious.  He knew she was not one of them.  He knew she was not of this world.
“Who is she?”  The question came out of his mouth before his eyes snapped over to Watson.  “Who is that young woman?”
Watson shrugged his shoulders.  He did not know who she was, yes, but he, too, felt drawn to her.
“My name is Remy Cutler,” Remy felt herself saying.
“And you’re a pirate?”  His tone had a mixture of accusation and interest embedded in it.
Remy opened her mouth to respond, but paused.  What did it matter if she was?  What did it matter if she was not?  She was beginning to realize that particular labels attributed to her were not something she liked all that much, especially when one word was supposed to define who she was: upper class, wealthy, pirate.  The words only explained who she was on the outside and where her affiliations were, not anything deeper, anything that actually mattered.
Instead, she answered, “I am a young woman, who happens to be sailing with Captain Grey as part of his crew.  That does not make me a pirate.”
The commodore rose his eyebrows, looking at her with such obvious doubt, but before he could verbalize it, Bradley returned to the room with tea and an announcement.  “The governor will be here shortly.”  His eyes fixated on Adele, still in the seat.  “And he would like his seat back, mum.”
“Oh,” Adele said, annoyance in her voice.  “Such a gentleman he is.  Not even giving his seat up for a lady.”
“I’m certain he would,” Bradley continued as he began to pour the hot liquid into a teacup, “if there were any present.”
It was not solely Adele who narrowed her eyes at the butler, but Remy and Giselle as well.  It was Adele who made to rush at him, and she would have succeeded if Edward had not grabbed onto her wrists and held her back.  Bradley did not seem to notice anything was amiss, as he kept pouring the tea. 
At that moment, the man who was known as Governor Comrie arrived.  Remy immediately stood, and Watson and Davenport straightened respectfully.  All three men looked at Remy with furrowed brows and surprises written clearly in their irises, as did her fellow crew members.  Again, Remy felt herself blush, and as she slid back down in her seat, she mumbled, “What?  It is etiquette to stand when someone of great importance enters a room.”
“You are right,” the governor said, making his way over to his seat.  His eyes never left Remy, but unlike Watson’s and Davenport’s and every other soul she previously encountered, his eyes were filled with wonder, interest, rather than pure hunger.  “Tell me, my dear.  You do not speak or carry yourself like a pirate.  And yet, you are among them.  And yet, I can hear your heart beating as we speak.  Where, exactly, are you from and why are you here?”
Remy was not certain whether the governor referred to here as meaning his home or meaning in The Underworld.  But it did not matter because Nick decided it was time to cut in.
“Governor, let me interject…”  The moment the governor was seated, Nick sprang up like a cat and proceeded to pace about the room.  “There is a terrible force out on the sea attacking ships with no notice and slaying souls without mercy.  It is typical for this phantom to leave one survivor in order to spread the story and enrich the reputation of this ghost ship.”
“Which is how Lieutenant Watson is still alive,” the governor stated.   
Remy glanced at the governor from the corner of her eyes.  Interestingly enough, his focus was on Nick rather than her, even though she knew he was drawn to her as well.  He was wearing one of those wigs, but instead of the white hair curling up around his ears like Commodore Davenport’s, it dropped so the edges barely grazed his shoulders.  The man was rather old, probably in his early fifties due to the wrinkles now occupying his face and the walking stick he now had to walk with.  He was, however, dressed regally, in colors of rich blue and pure ivory.  If she had to wager, she would put all of her money on every single the governor had on was custom made.  Even the shoes.
“Yes,” Nick said with a nod.
“And you rescued him, is that it?”
“How could you possibly know that?” Adele asked, slowly raising an eyebrow.
“Well, you and your captain have not been arrested for piracy, despite being on Port Haven, probably the most law-abiding port in The Underworld,” the governor replied.  He rested both hands on his walking stick, looking among his audience.  “Watson, too, holds the law in high regard.  For him to have forgone arresting you must have meant you had done something to warrant being free.”
“We heard about the destruction of the Fearless a week ago,” the commodore added, shifting his eyes from the governor to Nick.  “We thought there were no survivors.”
“And when Watson appeared, we believed that he had to have been rescued,” the governor concluded.  “What we were not prepared for is the fact that he was rescued by pirates, and not just any pirates, but the most wanted, most notorious pirate crew in The Underworld.”
Remy gave Nick a look that asked just what deeds he had to have participated in in order to receive such an esteemed reputation among the souls currently occupying The Underworld.  Nick either ignored the look or simply did not see it, though he did appear rather proud at the governor’s apt description of his dealings.
“Yes, well,” Nick said with a smile, his gold canines sparkling, “expect the unexpected, I always say.  I like to keep you on your toes and all that.”
The governor and the commodore shared a look.
“You do have a paper signed by Lieutenant Watson temporarily forgoing your arrest, yes?” the governor inquired.
Nick nodded and reached into his jacket, pulling out the rolled parchment.  He handed it to the governor for inspection.
As the governor unrolled the rather wrinkled and slightly damp parchment, Nick continued.  “I’ve learned just who the culprit behind the attack is and I would like your permission – and what I mean by permission is that you won’t interfere, attack my ship, or attempt to arrest me – to go after this man and ensure that he does not attack any other innocent ship again.”
“You know who the captain of this so-called ghost ship is?” the governor asked, looking up from the parchment.
“How?” Commodore Davenport asked.
“Let’s just say I have friends in high places,” Nick answered.  He frowned.  “Although, traditionally speaking, this particular friend might come from a low place, really.”
“I don’t think so.”  Commodore Davenport turned to face the governor.  “Governor, Captain Grey is trying to trick you in order to get your approval to go gallivanting around The Underworld without worrying about any sort of arrest or consequences for his action.”
“That very well may be,” the governor said, “but it does not explain why Captain Grey chose to rescue Lieutenant Watson even when he could have left him to drown.”  He turned his focus back on Nick.  “What is in it for you?”
“This man,” Nick managed to say, his voice suddenly tight with attempted control, “is not just attacking the Guard, but innocent people, wealthy and poor, merchant and pirate alike.  No ship sailing on the water is safe with this ghost ship sailing around as well.”
“And you feel that the right thing to do is to take care of the problem yourself?”  The governor allowed the corner of his lip to twitch up.  “Captain Grey, I was not born yesterday as you can see.  You may have redeemed a fraction of your reputation by rescuing Lieutenant Watson, but I know there is more to this tale than you’re telling at present.  Which means I cannot help you.  This document” – he raised the parchment guaranteeing the crew’s freedom – “will remain in effect until you leave this island.  However, once you do leave, you will be fair game for the Guard, just as this phantom is.”
“Sir.”  Watson took a step toward the governor, speaking for the first time since the governor’s arrival.  “I implore you to reconsider.”
“And I shall,” the governor said, “once Captain Grey tells me everything he knows about this attack.”  He fixed his grey eyes back on the still-standing pirate captain.  “You cannot come in here and tell me you know who this villain is and what he’s capable of doing and not expect me to demand this person’s identity, do you?  Especially when such a man as cruel as he supposedly is claims souls without blinking an eye.  No Captain Grey.  Not when the threat of him harming my men, my family, or any soul who dares go sailing now.  You tell me what you know, and I will guarantee you that the Guard will not harm a hair on your head, long as you agree to take care of the problem.”
“I think you should tell them, Nick,” Edward said.  “We need all the help we can get, especially since it’s…”  He let his voice trail off but pushed his brow up, looking at Nick with expectation.
Remy watched Nick’s eyes narrow at his quartermaster and she saw his jaw pop.  Apparently, Nick was not as keen as Edward seemed to be in revealing just who the phantom was who haunted the seas.  Personally, Remy had no clue as to why Nick was so against telling Governor Comrie the identity of the culprit; if they knew than it would be much easier for him to be caught, would it not?  But for whatever reason, she felt that it would be best if she kept quiet and let Nick handle this in whatever was he saw fit.
“Captain Jason Pan,” Nick said, after spinning around on the heel of his boot – an action Remy was beginning to realize was common for the pirate captain – and locked eyes with the governor in order to show the man just how serious he was.  “The man responsible for these attacks, for Giles Watson’s attack” –
“That’s Lieutenant,” the man said, but nobody paid him any mind.
- “is Captain Jason Pan.”
“That’s impossible,” the commodore said.  Remy felt as though the man was looking to argue with Nick about anything he possibly could in order to prove to the governor that pirates were not to be trusted.  However, Remy did not believe that this particular governor needed any sort of proof.  Then again, Nick was not the typical sort of pirate. 
“I’m inclined to agree with Commodore Davenport,” the governor said, though his tone was not dismissing.  “Captain Pan is a sailor the Magistrate.  He is not allowed to attack and then kill souls, let alone interact with them unless they are breaking the law.”
“I thought the Guard took care of criminals,” Remy said, speaking for the first time since introducing herself to the commodore.
“You really aren’t from this world are you?”  The question was curious, but the governor’s lips curled up into an awed smile, his eyes shining.  “You are correct.  The Guard usually takes care of criminals in The Underworld.  But both the Magistrate and James have their own sets of enforcers, people they bid to keep an eye on how The Underworld is being run.  They have as much jurisdiction as we do, unless, of course, both a member of the Guard and an Enforcer is at the scene, then jurisdiction automatically goes to us because we are in The Underworld.  For the most part, though, they only make sure the souls ready to meet their final resting place are being transported correctly and that those who aren’t, are staying in The Underworld.”
“Is that how you know Captain Pan?” Remy asked, tilting her head back in order to look at Nick.  “He kept his eye on you.”
“He kept his eye on you a little too closely,” Nick snapped.  “Governor, what I tell you is true.  I have it on good authority that it is, indeed, Captain Pan.”
“You just want to extract the revenge you think you deserve on him,” Davenport said.  “It’s not Captain Pan.  You just want an excuse to attack him.”
“Why would he want to attack Captain Pan?” Remy asked, but it appeared as though her question went on deaf ears.
“That is not true,” Nick insisted.
“I believe it is,” Governor Comrie stated.  “That is why I think you’re willing to offer us your services.”  He paused, his fingertips caressing the lower half of his face.  “Where did you get you information?”
“Excuse me?”  Nick appeared to be deflated, having believed that his request was denied.  Legally, anyways.
“Where did you get your information?” the governor repeated.  “While I do not believe Captain Pan is the logical culprit, I also know from personal experience that those granted a bit of power can let it go to their heads.  Because I don’t know Captain Pan personally, I can’t remark on his character and therefore cannot say one way or the other if he isn’t the man behind these attacks.  Which is why, Captain Grey, I’m asking where you got your information from.”
Nick hesitated.  Which startled Remy because Nick rarely hesitated about anything, save for telling the story of how he ended up in The Underworld in the first place.
It was Calum who finally answered for his captain.  “It was James,” he said in his gruff voice.  “Akleksander Hook.”
“That’s impossible,” the commodore said once again.
“You already said that,” Adele retorted.  It was obvious she regarded the commodore with distaste that was almost comical.
“James Hook?” the governor asked with a twinge of doubt.  “The ruler of The Underworld.  How would he know?  And why would he care?”
“He had evidence,” Nick said.  “And he cares because apparently, he hasn’t been receiving his soul quota or whatever it is he cares about.  He says there’s a shortage of souls.  At first he thought it was me – it was not, I assure you – and then he showed me the evidence that it was Captain Pan.”
The governor was silent for a long moment.  His fingers were still caressing his chin, and Remy could tell he was currently gnawing on the inside of his bottom lip.  
“All right.”  The two words were soft but firm.  The governor picked his eyes off of the floor and placed them on Nick.  “You have my permission.  I’ll write you up the necessary papers and you can attempt to find and stop Captain Pan.  But hear me, Captain Grey, when I tell you that if I find out that you are using this information you’ve acquired as an excuse to extract your own revenge on Captain Pan, that he is, indeed, innocent, I’ll revoke the papers and have you meet the gallows in the same minute.  Do you understand?”
Nick forced a charming smile.  “Absolutely,” he said.
“Good.”  Governor Comrie stood.  “Commodore, I’d like you to accompany me while I write the document up.  I’ll need your signature.”
“Sir, are you really certain you want Captain Grey and his crew sailing around without any sort of consequences instilled on them?” Commodore Davenport asked.
“There will be consequences, Commodore,” the governor assured Davenport.  “Do not worry about that.”  He looked over his shoulder at Nick.  “We shall be back shortly.  While you wait, please have some tea.”  












Chapter 20  
The pirate crew waited just under an hour until both the governor and the commodore reappeared with all the necessary legal documents and required signatures in order to grant them the immunity they needed in order to take down Captain Pan.  Nick had Adele and Edward do a quick mental run-through of everything they had on the ship and add anything they might need lest they did not get a chance to stop at Tenedor and restock.
This last bit of information through Remy off slightly.  Nick giving up the chance to go to Tenedor?  This truly must be important to him.  Though she was there when James gave Nick the evidence that Pan was definitely behind the attacks, she would not put it past her pirate captain to use that to his advantage and extract the revenge on the man.  What Remy wanted to know was why Nick wanted revenge in the first place.  What could Pan have possibly done to Nick?  She wanted nothing more than to ask the pirate, but he seemed so lost in his thoughts that she thought better of it, and instead, looked out at the horizon as they headed back to the Black Star.  
“I never said we weren’t going to Tenedor,” Nick corrected once they reached the ship and had climbed onto it.  “I just don’t want to be distracted with the task to stock the ship.  We might have to leave at the drop of a moment and need to be ready.”
“What, then, are we going to do at Tenedor?” Remy asked, crossing her arms over her chest.
“Ready to set sail, capt’n,” Edward called from the helm.
Nick waved at him but said nothing, his focus on solely Remy.  “You ask a lot of questions, you know that?” Nick said.
“You’ve told me this numerous times, Captain,” Remy said with a shadow of a smile.  “I just like to know what I am getting into, if you do not mind.”
“Luckily for you, I don’t.”  He placed his hand on the small of her back and proceeded to lead her toward the descending staircase.  “Don’t you have dishes to wash?  I shall answer your question just as soon as you’ve started your chore.  How’s that for a deal, hmm?”
Remy rolled her eyes but did not argue and allowed Nick to lead her down to the galley.  She pointedly ignored the fact that his hand was on the small of her back and that she felt safe there in his hand.  Once in the galley, Remy decided to forgo the gas lamps and allow the natural sunlight to seep through the rather dirty windows.  She looked at the sink and frowned in distaste.  There were not as many as usual, but still enough to require a good chunk of her time.
No time like the present, she thought to herself.
“You were saying?” she asked Nick, reminding that he owed her an answer.  She grabbed the rather big bucket and went to go fill it with water that was stored in the nearby cupboard.
“Right.”  Nick watched her with an indiscernible look on his face.  “The reason we are going to Tenedor is to pick up pieces of information about Pan and-or the phantom soul slayer.”
“And we will be able to find this information at Tenedor?  With absolute certainty?”  She sounded doubtful as she heaved the rather big bucket onto the bench and then turned in order to grab a handful of dishes to wash.
“Darling, everyone knows something they’re supposed to keep a secret,” Nick said knowingly.  “Whether it’s that a friend committed adultery or that a family member stole something valuable from someone important, people know things.  I’m certain someone knows something about Pan or the phantom.  All I have to do is get a little alcohol in them, and they’ll reveal whatever it is they’re supposed to keep quiet about.”
“I thought Pan and the phantom were one and the same person.”  There was a ker-plunk as Remy dropped the dishes into the water, splashing her face.
“He is,” Nick said with a nod of his head, taking a seat across from her.  “But nobody else knows that.”
The corner of Remy’s lips twitched up.  “You, sir, are slippery.”
“I take that as a compliment, love,” Nick said, flashing her a smile that caused his gold teeth to sparkle in the sun.  “Now, is that all you wanted to talk about?”
Remy hesitated, her eyes focused on the dish she was currently drying.  “Actually…”  She paused a moment, hoping she had worded everything correctly before forcing herself to continue.  “There were two things I wanted to know.  I want to learn how to defend myself.”
“Really.”  Another look that Remy could not read littered Nick’s face, frustrating the girl even more than she already was.
“Yes, really,” Remy said.  “After my attack, and the way everyone down here seems to react to me, I believe it is a necessity.  I cannot depend on you or anyone in the crew to protect me when I should be the one protecting myself.  And…”  Another pause, a hitch in her voice.  “And if we are attacked by whoever it is that attacks pirates, I need to defend this ship to the best of my abilities.  Right now, all I am good for is throwing things that probably will bounce off an attacker rather than knocking him out cold.”  
Though the lighting was rather dim, Nick could easily make out a light pink taint to Remy’s high cheeks.  “I believe,” Nick said with a grin, “that that was the most unselfish thing you’ve said since arriving here.”
“You are teasing me.”
“I am.”  His smile deepened.  “Once you’re finished here, I’ll have Adele teach you your way around a blade.”
“Adele?”  Certainly Remy was still grateful to Adele for saving her life, but she was not as certain of the red head teaching her about fighting.  Probably Adele would look at Remy as an annoyance she would rather avoid.
“Of course, Adele,” Nick said.  “She’s the most skilled with a cutlass on this ship.  She taught Giselle, who’s quite handy herself.”  His eyes narrowed slightly.  “I know there’s some tension between the two of you.  You and Adele, I mean.  Maybe you’ll understand why she is the way she is, if she decides to tell you.  But she’s not all that bad, you know.”
“I do.”  Goodness, did it sound as if she did not like Adele.  Because even though what Nick had said was true, that there was tension between the two, that did not discount the fact that Remy admired the red head and a small piece of Remy wanted nothing more than for Adele to like her, however marginally it was.  “She saved my life.  Maybe one day I can repay the favor.”
Nick did not respond to her statement and instead, asked, “What was the other thing you wanted to ask me about?”
“Oh.”  Here it was, what Remy was most afraid to ask.  She only had a half-bucket of dishes left and she knew she could get them down more quickly if Nick was not here, distracting her with his low voice.  However, as it usually did, her curiosity got the best of her.  “What did Captain Pan do to you that warrants revenge?”
She winced, preparing herself for Nick to scold her, to tell her that it was none of her business.  When nothing came, she opened one eye.  His features had tightened, she could tell, but his eyes did not go cold.  Instead, she watched as Nick reached over and proceeded to roll up the sleeve that covered his right forearm.  Remy could not help but stare as a tattoo emerged in what looked to be in the shape of a snake.
“What is that?” she heard herself asking.  Perhaps it was rather rude but she could not help herself.
“That,” Nick said pointedly, “is a brand I received from none other than our friend Captain Pan.”
“Brand?” Remy asked, tilting her head up in order to lock eyes with Nick.
“Brand.  Remember what James held up in order to reveal the identity of the phantom?  It looked like a fire poker, yes?”  At Remy’s nod, he continued.  “That was the same instrument he used on me, to mark me for life and reveal my piratical nature to strangers.”
“Oh my.”  The words were soft but heavy, and Remy swallowed the bitter taste that had accumulated in her mouth.  “Did it hurt?”  
“Like hell.”  Nick paused, his eyes tracing the many curves of the snake.  “Because I am technically still alive, it hurt much in the same way as it would have back on earth.  The man is a coward, a power-hungry bastard.  He had no right to brand me.  I may be a pirate in name, yes, but I am alive and I do my job at transporting souls.  I will never go to The Paradise now, no matter if I was supposed to or not.”
Remy furrowed her brow.  “How?”
“This.”  He gestured at the mark.  “The Underworld is rather black and white when it comes to final resting places.  They tend to look at the labels other people have bestowed upon you your entire life when making that decision.  If, however, your life has been rather balanced or you choose to wait until you are ready to go to your final resting place, you get another chance at living life down here.  That means, however, that the final destination can change.  You can redeem yourself or condemn yourself.”
“I still do not understand why you have that mark,” Remy said, “and why Captain Pan was permitted to give it to you in the first place.”
“Captain Pan answers to the Magistrate,” Nick began, “and the Magistrate ultimately decides who is allowed into The Paradise and who is not.  Black and white, remember?  Pirates are bad.  As such, she did not want us tainting her idea of a perfect place to go after life so she instilled Pan with the responsibility of branding pirates with this mark, preventing them from ever entering The Paradise.”
“That is not fair,” Remy said.
“You are correct.”  Nick clenched his jaw and looked away.  “Which is why I would like nothing more than to bring him to justice.”  Remy was about to say something, but Nick jumped in, preventing her from doing so.  “It seems that you’re finished with your task.  Why don’t you put the dishes away while I go tell Adele to teach you self-defense.”
Apparently it was a rhetorical statement because before she could respond, Nick stood up and left.  Remy watched him go, watched him push his sleeve back down, hiding the snake.  She could not help but feel upset for Nick to the point where her fingers shook as they clutched the dishes in her hands.  She did not remember a time she had been so furious and made a silent promise to Nick that no matter what it took, she would aid him with his quest to extract revenge on Captain Pan.  That might make her a bad person, yes, but for whatever reason, she knew deep down in her soul that it was the right thing to do.
Once she was finished putting the dishes away and calming herself down, she took a deep breath and slowly headed up the stairs and back on deck.    It was only a manner of minutes before Adele appeared with two cutlasses.  From the look currently occupying her face, Remy could not tell if she was happy about the prospect of teaching Remy how to handle a blade and defend herself with it, but Remy supposed looking on the bright side was in store since Adele did not particularly put out by it.
When Adele spotted Remy, Remy noticed the red head sigh and slowly proceed to walk over to her.
Perhaps she was not as agreeable to this as Remy had originally believed.
“So,” Adele drawled once she reached Remy, “you want to learn how to handle a cutlass, do you?”  At Remy’s nod, Adele rolled her eyes.  “Let me just tell you something, missy, I don’t think you can do this.  I don’t think you can handle a blade and even if I teach you and you’re suddenly thrown into a situation where its use is required, I don’t think you’ll do a great job.  In fact, I think you’d die in mere moments lest you decide to hide behind one of us to save you.”
Remy felt her frown deepen with each word Adele said so that when the red head finally stopped, Remy appeared just as cross as her mother had after Remy had accidentally spilled powder on the new gown she had bought for her daughter especially for her first introduction to Lord Huntington.
“Yes, well that is your opinion,” Remy snapped, taking a defiant step forward.  “All I am asking for is a chance.”
“I’m giving it to you,” Adele said, rolling her eyes.  “But I want you to know I think that this is a great waste of time.”  She paused as if deciding where she should start.  “When we practice, make sure your hair is tied back, like it is now.  We don’t want to be cutting off your pretty locks now would we?”
“Absolutely not,” Remy said with horror, clutching her honey brown hair that was stained blonde, thanks to her time in the sun.
Adele shook her head.  Apparently the question was a rhetorical one.  Even so, Remy did not like to joke about losing her hair in any capacity.
“First thing’s first,” Adele said, handing Remy the cutlass, hilt first.  “I’m going to teach you of the different parts of the cutlass.  Hold the blade like this.”  Adele grasped the handle so the blade was horizontal across her body, the middle of the silver blade resting gently in her palm.
Remy did as Adele commanded her to do.  The object felt foreign in her hand and she realized that she would lose the softness her palms had once occupied, a clear telling that she was a lady from a well-respected and wealthy family, and would probably never have to work for anything in her life.  That was changing now.  She was doing dishes and now learning how to defend herself in the case she was attacked.  Remy did not think she could claim to be a lady now, at least in the traditional sense.
“Here, where you hold the cutlass is called the hilt.  Notice how it’s basket-shaped, a heavy copper in your hands.  That’s one of the ways it’s different from a sword.  The blade – this part – is curved and sharpened at the edge where one expects to cut… things.”  Adele’s eyes flashed upwards, at Remy.  “Any questions?”
“Why use a cutlass over a rapier?”
“It’s shorter, for one.  Stockier.  Gets the point across if you ask me.”  At Remy’s dubious look, Adele rolled her eyes once again.  “It’s sharper.  Slashes better.  If you want to make a point, such as stay away from my life force, you’re better off with a cutlass than a rapier.  The rapier is lighter, yes, and it’s also sharp, but there’s no cutting edge, you see.”  Adele took her fingertip and lightly traced the curve at the tip of the sword to emphasize her point.  “A rapier does not have this little gem.”
“I see.”  Well, she understood but was not quite certain as to why this small difference was of grand importance.
“And now for the steps…”
“Steps?”  Was Remy learning how to dance now? 
Adele gave her a look.  “Just like stepping in the wrong place during a dance could crush your partner’s toes or throw your balance off, stepping the wrong way while engaged in battle could mean life or death,” she explained, as though she could read Remy’s mind.
This caused Remy’s lips to press into a line.  How could Adele know how important a dance was with a potential match?
“Now,” Adele said, cutting through Remy’s thoughts, “if I step here” – she crossed her right foot over her left foot before stepping out on her left – “you step…”
Remy’s first instinct was to step out on her right in order to keep the same distance between she and her opponent.
“Good,” Adele said with a surprise.  “Now, if I lunge at you, like this” – she quickly pushed off on her left foot in order to thrust her right foot forward – “you…”
But Remy took her right foot and stepped back in time.
“So you are familiar with the steps?”
“It reminds me of dancing,” Remy admitted.  “And I am quite familiar with dancing.”
They continued to practice merely the steps for the next half hour.  Adele kept insisting the importance of the steps and she wanted to ensure that Remy’s muscle memory branded these steps into her mind so the young girl would not have to think.  By the end of the half hour, Remy was confident she could outstep nearly everyone, save, perhaps, for Adele herself.
“All right,” Adele said.  “Let’s take a break.  Get something to drink and come back here in a quarter hour and resume.  We will review the steps and then get to the actual fighting.”  Adele took a step towards Remy, her brown eyes suddenly serious.  “Let me tell you something, missy.  You’re going to be tired.  Not just tired, but exhausted.  You’re going to be sore and you’re going to cry and want to give up.  You’re going to think you’ll never be able to lift something even as miniscule as a feather.  You’ll be building muscle and memory so that you won’t have to think about reacting – you just will.  That memory, that reaction, will save your life.  Which is why you have to put your all into this.  Knowing the parts of a cutlass and the steps is the easy part.  If you do not think you can handle this training, don’t attempt to try.  I don’t like to waste my time.”
“I thought you said you were by teaching me,” Remy stated, though not as snippily as she might have.
“I’m just stating my opinion,” Adele said with a shrug of her shoulders.  “What really counts is your opinion of yourself.”
Remy took a moment to consider what Adele said.  One of the rare similarities between this world and her own one was that no one seemed to really take her seriously.  Before, she did not take herself seriously; she never would have imagined asking to be taught how to handle a cutlass.  But it was different now.  She was in a different place with different people.  In fact, she was a different person.  And this person wanted to be able to defend herself.
“I shall see you in a quarter hour,” Remy said.





















Chapter 21  
Remy ached all over.
She wanted nothing more than to stay in bed and sleep, sleep, sleep until after they left Tenedor.  She could barely lift a dish let alone walk around without some sort of pain shooting up throughout her many limbs at the same time.
Goodness, she hurt.
The first night, after the long practice with Adele, she silently cried herself to sleep.  Everything hurt.  And when she woke up the next morning, everything hurt even more.
Adele did not seem to care for she forced Remy to resume their practice, stating the importance of muscle memory and consistency.  She pushed Remy hard, not seeming to care that Remy was sore and aching and could barely move, let alone hold a cutlass and ward off Adele’s attack.
The third day of practice was slightly easier in that her body had gone numb so the pain lessened.  Remy knew she would feel the next day certainly – just because she did not feel the pain did not mean it was not there – and when she woke up on the fourth day, she found she was correct.
However, the more she practiced, the more she got used to handling her cutlass.  Her fingers, her palms were blistered and she knew they would callous, making her hands rather rough to touch, but she did not even mind.  The more she practiced, the better she got.
By the fourth day, Adele did not even need to open her mouth to correct Remy.  She was nowhere near perfect and would no doubt lose any battle she somehow found herself engaged in, but she knew the steps without thinking and she had enough muscle built in order to fend off an attack from someone slightly bigger than she.  Remy was getting there; Adele knew this, as did Remy, and though neither would admit it aloud for different reasons, both were proud of the prospect.
“Tomorrow we reach Tenedor,” Adele said, her voice ragged.
The sun was slowly making its descent behind the horizon.  Nick was at the helm, still sailing.  He would probably be there long into the night, wanting to reach the small island as quickly as possible in order to find Captain Pan as quickly as possible.
Remy could not explain why, but she found that she loathed the captain.  Not only because of what Nick told her about the man, though that was a big reason for her hatred.  But it was more than that.  He was obviously a wretched man with a God complex.  He wanted power and respect, and instead of earning it like a gentleman would, he took it by killing those in order to reveal that power.  Even more than that, but he already had some sort of power by doing the Magistrate’s bidding.  He was not a member of the Guard by any means, but he was allowed to patrol and arrest and break up any fights that he saw.  Was that not enough?  Why would he want more power than he was capable of having?  Could he not be satisfied with what he had?  Was that why his stole had not yet moved on?
“Yes,” Remy felt herself say though she had not really paid attention to Adele, her thoughts too alluring to ignore.
“You will need to be on your guard.  No more getting lost in your thoughts.”  Adele used her hand to push tendrils of red hair stuck to her face due to sweat.  “We don’t want a repeat of what happened last time, would we?”
Remy blinked.  “Absolutely not,” she said with certainty.  “And we will not.  Now that I have this.”
A smile tugged at her lips and she did not prevent it from happening.  It felt good to own something that was hers, and not borrowed.  This cutlass was not only her own, it was a tool she could use to defend herself.  When she looked back up at Adele, she saw a ghost of a smile on the red head’s lips – a smile that vanished when she noticed Remy’s stare.
“II hope saw,” Adele said after clearing her throat.  “I can’t follow you around like a mother and save you every time someone wants to take your life force from you.”  She paused, her lips pressed tightly together.  “You fight well.”  With that, she turned around, her long hair whipping behind her, before heading down the stairs to the second level of the sship.
Remy felt a swell of pride warm the insides of her stomach.  Adele was proud of her. The woman did not exactly say she was, but Remy knew.  And that just deepened the pride she had in herself.
Suddenly, she was looking forward to Tenedor more than she had originally anticipated.

***
It was just after dawn – the sun climbing back up into the sky after an apt rest – when they reached Tenedor.  Nick had Edward toss the anchor over the ship and once the vessel was secure, had Calum ready the boat that would take them to the island’s rather small docks.
“Captain,” Calum said, “I gather you’ve been up all night?  Perhaps before we head out onto the island, you should sleep first?”  Nick was about to respond, but the physician jumped in before the captain could, adding, “You’ll be sharper this evening.  Information only leaks in the dark anyways.”
“Thank you for your consideration, Doctor, but I’m fine,” Nick said trying to stifle a yawn.
“Sir,” Edward said.  “You may not be exhausted but we all are.  What happens if you do happen to find Captain Pan and can barely keep yourself awake because you – and your crew – has been up all night in order to get here as fast as possible?  You’re dead, that’s what.  And this will all be for naught.”
Nick had a dry look on his face.  Instead of arguing with his quartermaster, however, he said, “Fine.  But only a few hours of shuteye.  I want to be in the Albatross before darkness.  Anyone not up will get left behind.  Does everyone understand?”
The crew nodded and dispersed, excited at the prospect of getting some sleep before starting what felt like a new but thoroughly dangerous adventure.

***
Remy felt her hands shake as she slipped the newest accessory into its scabbard which hung around her waist.  She was certain that if she had a mirror in her room she would not see the girl that used to be so familiar to her just a few weeks before.  There would a stranger reflected in the glass, resembling a female pirate whose eyes have gotten harder at being threatened with death and seeing it for herself.  Her clothes would be atrocious – dingy articles of clothing she was not sure where they had been before she acquired them – and she most certainly would never have worn them before.  Her hair was be knotted, lighter in color but greasy, needing a good wash if it was ever supposed to reclaim that shine it had previously been known for.  And that stranger was so unclean, sweat and dirt and dust and tears all meshed together on various parts of her body, with the scent of the sea stained into her hair not aiding in masking the stench that surrounded her due to her lack of hygienic resources.  Hands that used to be so soft were now blistered, as were the soles of her feet.  Light freckles were beginning to form on the tips of her cheeks and her lips were chapped, bits of dried blood only emphasizing this.
Remy knew she looked like a wreck, looked even worse than her lowest servant back home.  She would not turn heads as she once had and no gentleman, let alone the Lord she had previously been engaged to, would consider giving her a second glance let alone wedding her.
And yet, Remy also knew that this stranger was someone she admired greatly, had been through and seen more in the last few weeks than the familiar girl ever did in her entire life.  This stranger knew more, had been through more, and had learned survival skills the familiar girl could not even fathom.  And, interestingly enough, this stranger had more friends than the other girl, making Remy both happy and sad at the same time.
For so long, she had been a fool.  And though she longed for a bath and silk dresses, she knew somewhere deep down inside of her that she was becoming the person she was supposed to be.  She was nowhere near that new stranger just yet, but she also knew she would get there somehow, no matter what it took.
“Oy!” a familiar voice called before pounding on the door.  “Let’s go, darling.  You don’t want to be left behind, do you?”
Remy spun around on the now-accustomed boots and grabbed at the door.
“Of course not,” Remy told Nick after slipping out of her room.
“That’s what I like to hear,” Nick said, a grin tugging at the edges of his lips.  He threw his arm around Remy’s shoulder – an act that he had never indulged in and something that Remy found to be not unpleasant – and tilted his head closer to hers.  “Now, darling, when I say stay close” –
“Yes, I will stay close,” Remy said, refraining from rolling her eyes.  She ignored the new warmth that began to swarm through her body that seemed to react merely by Nick’s touch.  “Though, even if I were not to, I could protect myself.”
“Don’t go gallivanting off looking for a fight now that you know how to defend yourself,” Nick said, releasing his hold on Remy only because the narrow staircase did not allow the pair to walk side by side.
“What kind of girl do you take me for?” Remy asked, throwing a look over her shoulder as she ascended the staircase, Nick right behind her.
“I thought I knew, but now I’m not so sure,” Nick said.
For whatever reason, this response was exactly what she needed to hear.  She smiled as she reached the deck and proceeded to head over to where the rest of the crew was waiting, her cutlass gently bumping into the side of her right thigh as she walked, as though assuring Remy it was there if she needed it.
Her smile disappeared once she realized she would be expected to climb over the ship’s banister and then down the ladder on the side.  She absolutely detested this part.  She did not mind being on a ship, she did not mind being on land.  She did not even mind climbing back up to reach the ship.  But she absolutely detested climbing down, the possibility of falling so much more great.
“If you do fall,” she murmured to herself so that only she could hear as she watched Adele start the trek downwards, “you will fall into water.  You will not die.”
Even so, Remy took about as long as she normally did.  The comfort of having a cutlass on her person did nothing to alleviate her fear because it could not save her.  She hesitated before every move, her heartbeat deafening, her hands shaking uncontrollably.  She had to clench her teeth to keep them from chattering.  It was only when her foot hit the unstable boot did she relax her body.
“Took you long enough,” Adele quipped.
Remy said nothing.  She did not care about what Adele thought of her.  All that she cared about was the fact that she had made it safely, and as such, felt herself sink into a sitting position.  Her legs and her fingers were both still shaking, but for the time being, she was safe.
The boat arrived to the dock just as the sun began to trail a flurry of colors behind it as it started to set.  Edward tied the boat up while Nick paid the dock master and then they were off to the Albatross.  This time, however, Remy made sure that she paid attention to the direction Nick was taking, and kept a sharp eye for any surrounding indicators that would help her pinpoint where she was.  Now that she kept a keen eye on her surroundings, she found that the Albatross actually had a sculpture of a wooden albatross on the roof with its thrust out, as though welcoming potential customers to the tavern.  And just in case Remy missed the big bird, the tavern was located just adjacent to a blacksmith’s shop and across the road from a boutique that actually had clothing Remy might consider wearing.
Nick held the door to the tavern open for his crew and followed them inside.  With Edward leading the way, they reached their usual table without any incident though Remy was certainly noticed by many of the patrons currently occupying the Albatross.  Remy made sure to stay close to Nick despite her cutlass, still patting her thigh whenever she walked.  Knowing he was with her made her feel safer than she normally would have with just the weapon.
And then it occurred to Remy why these people who wanted nothing more than to take her to this mysterious woman who claimed she could transfer life stayed away.  Perhaps it was Nick’s presence with her that stopped them from acting out.  He was a pirate after all, a notorious one at that if both Governor Comrie and Commodore Davenport wanted him locked and hanged.  And he was the Transporter, in charge of leading souls to their final resting place.  She could understand how intimidating he could be, actually.
But the more time she spent with him, the more she felt… different.  Sometimes, everything was fine and she felt normal – as normal as anyone in her position could feel, really – and other times, like when their fingers accidentally brushed or he smiled that one charming smile that caused his eyes to crinkle and his teeth to sparkle or when he looked at her in that one way…  Well, she could not explain it.  And she found that she did not like it.
It was easy for Remy to look at the world in terms of black and white.  Her time in the Underworld had greyed that a bit, but when it came to her relationships with people, she liked to know where she stood.  She was friends with someone, or she was not.  She liked someone or she did not.  There was no in between.  Hello did not come after goodbye.  Goodbye was forever.
Was it not?
Nick made her feel multiple things that seemed to contradict each other while existing simultaneously.  It did not make sense and she did not like feeling certain of herself anymore.
When she took her seat – the same one as before, just across from Nick – she avoided looking at him.  Her feelings might show rather easily in her eyes, and though she could not quite grasp what it was that she was feeling, she wanted to give nothing away.
“I’ll go fetch us some drinks,” Edward said.  
“I would like water, please,” Remy put in.  Despite his best efforts, Nick had yet to sway her in favor of rum or even ale over water.
“Of course,” Edward said with a ghost of a smile.
“And don’t forget the bread,” Adele added.
“How could I forget?” he asked, somewhat dryly, before disappearing in the crowd of customers.
Like the last time, the Albatross was rather full.  Remy heard live music being played somewhere near the front.  Painted whores were still trying to attain some company – payment – for the evening.  Drunken men were pinching the bar wenches’ bottoms.  Some men were slapped, others were giggled at flirtatiously.  The poignant smell of alcohol tainted the wooden walls of the establishment and the noise was as it had been before: loud to the point of being obnoxious.  However, for reasons Remy could not explain, it was easier this time around to block out the background noise and focus on what was before her, perhaps because she had experienced this before.
It was not long before Edward came back with two pints of rum, two bar wenches following him.  Again, the bar wench who handed Remy her water gave her a somewhat incredulous look at her choice in drink before the two skipped off, announcing that the bread would be there soon as it got out of the oven.
Remy grabbed her mug and took tentative sips.  Around the same time, a couple of whores – one of which had occupied Nick’s time last visit – trotted over to Nick and began paying him too much attention.  Nick, though on a mission, leaned back and welcomed the feminine attention.  Remy could tell he was still tense, still focusing on the crowd as though he hoped Captain Pan would make his appearance, but surely it was hard to make out particular faces in a crowded place with women occupying his lap?
Remy’s eyes trailed over to Adele and, surprised that she had been looking at her, the two shared a look nothing short of disgust as the display.  Remy wondered why Adele did not make some sort of snide remark about Nick’s behavior, as Remy expected her to do, but did not press the issue.
In fact, it was not long before Edward and Calum were both occupied by women of the night, much to the chagrin of Adele and Giselle.
“You have got to be kidding me,” Remy heard the red head mutter.
Even Giselle looked uncomfortable.
“Tell me, ladies,” Nick said with that charm smile.  For whatever reason, seeing him use it on one of these women – women Remy did not feel deserved this particular smile – made her stomach curdle.  “Have you heard any rumors about Captain Pan being on Tenedor tonight?”
Remy’s mouth dropped open.  She thought that looking for Captain Pan was a secret mission.  And yet, Nick blatantly asked about the captain’s presence, without even indulging in a bit of small talk beforehand.  Did he want to be caught?  Did he want their secret to get out?
“Actually, I ‘ave ‘eard ‘e was ‘ere, matter o’ fact.”
The whore on Nick’s lap – the other was rubbing his back – giggled after speaking, but Remy could not tell if it was due to drunken stupor or fake drunken stupor.  
It did not matter.  Her accent was quite apt at making Remy’s ears bleed.























Chapter 22  
Remy was actually considering getting a pint of rum, if only to numb her hearing of these women speaking.  Had these women grown up without learning how to speak properly?  To pronounce their ‘h’s’ when saying something?  It was insanity, and quite frankly, Remy had no idea how Nick, and Calum and Edward for that matter, stood it, because apparently poor speaking ran in the prostitution family.
Her annoyance at the women had absolutely nothing to do with the fact that the two occupied with Nick had turned into three and that he was actually enjoying himself – she could because his eyes were lit up and she knew it was not because of the impressive amount of alcohol he had consumed – which did nothing for the churning in her stomach.  Though she wanted nothing more than to not pay attention, to not care what was going on before her, she could not help but stare.
It was rude and unladylike and uncomprehending, but she could not help herself.
In fact, she was so consumed with the sight before her that she was startled when someone pulled on Remy’s arm, practically yanking her up from her seat.
“Come on,” Adele said.  She nodded her head at Giselle, who was standing next to the red head.  “We’re going to look for Captain Issacs, who apparently is somewhere on the island.”
“Or so says the…”  Giselle struggled to find the correct word before settling on, “women.”
“Does Nick know?” Remy asked, standing up.
“As long as we’re all together, I highly doubt it’s going to matter much,” Adele said with a graceful shrug of her shoulders.  For whatever reason, Remy narrowed her eyes at it.  As much as she loved Giselle, Remy had never seen the blonde occupy that much grace in her movement, especially something as blunt as a shrug.  Adele frowned when she realized Remy was staring.  “Well?  You coming?”
Remy did not hesitate.  She pushed herself up and hurried over to Adele and Giselle.  At the last minute, she craned her neck in order to look behind her, but Nick had not even noticed her departure.  It would seem he was too consumed with the women surrounding him to realize the three women that occupied his crew had all but disappeared.
Well.
“And anyways,” Adele shouted over the noise of the crowd as they made their way through the people, “he has his own way of acquiring his information.”
Remy pushed her brow together, unsure of what Adele meant by that.  When they left the tavern, Giselle leaned close and explained, “If anyone knows valuable information, it’s pleasurable company.  No one takes them seriously and their customers have no problem actually talking about rather important information in front of them.”
“For the right price,” Adele added, “whores will give their own children away.”
Remy was surprised at the revelation, and it took her a moment to let the information to settle.  If she had children, there was nothing that could make her give them up.  No price.  Then again, Remy was beginning to realize that because she came from a drastic different background than these whores, they would have different priorities.
Still.  These were children.
“Where are we going?” Remy asked as she followed Adele, whose long legs seemed to reach places Remy’s own could not reach as quickly which had her practically running to keep up.
“I already told you,” Adele said, annoyance in her tone.  “To get information.”
“From where?”
“You ask too many questions,” Adele snapped.  “How about, instead, you just have some faith, yeah?”
Remy pressed her lips together to keep from saying anything else, and Giselle shot her a warm smile.
The three continued through the two until they reached greenery.  Either they could continue on the well-beaten dirt path that curved back to town – a giant circle, it was – or they could teeter off to the less-used road that led into what looked like a forest.  Remy wanted to stay on the path; there was light coming from the open facilities, and though people made her uncomfortable with their stares, at least there were people.  
But Adele headed to the forest.  Subconsciously, Remy reached out and let her fingers brush the hilt of her cutlass, reassuring herself that her weapon was still there.  Just in case.
Thankfully, Adele slowed down her stride.  Perhaps she was not as familiar with this path as she was in town.  Remy tried to make out what was on either side of the path, but darkness encompassed the trail, and besides Adele’s red hair and white tunic, it was hard for Remy to make out anything directly in front of her, let alone on her sides.  However, she knew there were tall, thick trees all around them.  If it was sunny and hot, shade would be adequately provided.
The deeper they walked through the forest, the more unfamiliar noises began to pierce the dark silence.  Every time a twig snapped, Remy jumped.  Giselle would giggle and reassure Remy that everything was all right, that they had been there before while Adele would tell Remy to stop being so frightened and had Remy not been in a forest before.
“Why would I ever be in a forest?” Remy asked in a dry voice.
“I don’t know,” Adele replied in the same tone.  “Maybe to explore nature, appreciate her, be grateful for what you have.  To get away from the world.”
“Ladies,” Giselle said, interrupting the spat she knew would soon break out lest she put a stop to it right now.  “We don’t want her to hear us arguing like children, do we?”
“Who’s her?” Remy asked, looking between the two women.
Interestingly enough, Adele kept quiet, refusing to answer Remy’s question and retort something in response to Giselle.  Instead, she gritted her teeth and continued to lead them deeper into the forest.
“Do you know how to get back to town?” Remy asked after a moment of silence, when she knew her question of who this mysterious woman they were going to see would be left unanswered.  It might have bothered her had the thought that perhaps Adele was lost and just too stubborn to admit it because surely nobody would choose to live in a forest not rooted itself at the forefront of her mind, causing all calm and rationale to momentarily disappear.  “I feel like we have passed that tree three times now.”
“How can you possibly tell the difference between trees when you yourself have admitted that you don’t really visit forests?” Adele drawled.
“No, we’re not lost,” Giselle answered before Remy could comment.  “We’re almost there.”
At that moment, Adele abruptly stopped at an opening in the thicket of trees.  In fact, the small pocket was completely cleared of trees and bushes and merely had rich, green grass that looked cool to touch and would meld perfectly to bare feet if the weather permitted.  Besides the grass, the only other thing there was a small house, built with stone, and a chimney with smoke coming from it.  However, the front window was black so unless there were curtains blocking the light inside, it did not appear as though anybody was home.
“Is she expecting us?” Remy whispered, despite the fact that she and her crew mates were certainly alone, too deep in the forest to run into another soul.
“How could she possibly be expecting us when we’ve been at sea for the past five days?” Adele asked.
“And yet,” Giselle said, taking a step forward, toward the small cottage.  “Esmeralda seems to expect everybody, whether or not their presence is announced.”   
Remy felt herself swallow and she only dared to move after Adele decided to follow Giselle.  Her skin was pricked by her hair and she felt her heart pound against her skull.  Something about this was not quite right.  People did not choose to live in forests, did they?  And even more peculiar, this pocket of nothingness looked natural.  Remy could not see any evidence of anything else occupying this small bout of land, save for the grass.  She might not have visited many forests in her short lifetime, but she knew that random pockets of grass sized perfectly for a small cottage was too particular to be a coincidence.
Right?
She crossed her left hand over her waist until her fingers – which she was ashamed to admit were shaking – wrapped around the handle.  Remy wanted to be prepared, just in case a fight broke out.  Looking at her two friends, however, proved that they were calm and relaxed, ignoring their own weapons.
Maybe Remy was overthinking the situation she was currently placed in.
Giselle curled her fingers into a fist and lifted her arm.  Just as she was about to knock on the wooden door – the only thing that appeared to be made of would from where Remy was standing – opened.
A woman stood in the doorway, but it was hard to make her out due to the darkness.
“I’ve been expecting you,” she said in a silky voice tainted with a Spanish accent.  “Please.”  She swept her arm out.  “Come in, won’t you?”
Remy’s first reaction was to say no, that they had the wrong house, apologize for the confusion, and get back to town as quickly as possible.  Apparently, Giselle and Adele did not have the same reaction because they took up this Esmeralda character up on her kind offer and walked into the house.
“Aren’t you coming?” Esmeralda inquired innocently when Remy did not move.
“I” - Remy swallowed once more and clenched her jaw in hopes to stop it and other parts of her body from shaking.  Without another word, she rushed into the house and only relaxed slightly once she was surrounded by both Adele and Giselle.
There was light in the room, but it was not coming from gas lamps.  Many candles were scattered throughout the room giving it light, but upon checking the curtains that prevented light from shining through, Remy saw that there were no curtains.  There was simply glass, like any other window, except while they were able to see out, people were unable to see inside.  This discovery had Remy’s body tensing once more.
“So we finally meet,” Esmeralda said in her harmonious voice.  “You are the one causing the disturbance in The Underworld.”
Remy forced her eyes up off of the wooden floor and into Esmeralda’s dark eyes.  There was something not quite right about this woman, but for the life of her, Remy could not figure it out.  She was beautiful; that was merely a fact rather than Remy’s personal opinion.  Esmeralda’s hair was a rich chestnut color that tumbled down her curvy frame in perfect waves, reaching just past her breasts.  It was shiny and the ends were even.  She had smooth olive colored skin, not a freckle in sight, nothing out of place.  Her eyes were dark, nearly as black as her pupils making them look bigger than they already were.  Her nose was long and slender, probably the defining feature of her face, and her lips were wide and plump.  She body had curves women envied, with a blessed bosom, a narrow waist, and round hips.  She was wearing a loose dress that managed to hang onto her curves as though for dear life, and Remy could tell that no corset was employed.  Her feet were bare underneath her light, folded skirt.  She looked too refined to be a gypsy and too wild to be respectable.
And Remy envied her for it.
She could not explain it, but she envied this woman’s ability to somehow possess both poise and unruliness, both masculinity and femininity, both innocence and experience, as though she was every sort of woman wrapped up into one.
“I have been waiting for this meeting to see you for myself,” Esmeralda continued, taking a step towards Remy.  Upon further glance, Remy noticed that her right foot had rings on her toes – three, to be exact – while her left angle was occupied by a slender gold chain.  “With my own eyes.”
“I am Remy,” Remy said because she really had no idea what else she was supposed to say.
This caused Esmeralda’s painted lips to curl up.  Somehow, her eyes grew even darker as a sparkle occupied the irises.
“I know,” Esmeralda said, straightening.  “And I know why you are here.  I believe Nick won’t be too happy when he finds that three have you left without so much as a word to him, hmm?”
Remy’s mouth dropped.  How could she possibly have known that?  
“Nick was otherwise occupied,” Adele said, taking a seat on the crimson-colored armchair.  Remy watched her fluid motions, her loose shoulders, her easy smile.  Adele knew this woman, and more than that, was comfortable with this woman.  In fact, if Remy’s eyes were not deceiving her, Adele seemed to enjoy this woman’s company, which was odd because Adele rarely enjoyed anyone’s company.
“Ah.”  Esmeralda nodded her head, a knowing look on her face.  She gestured at both Remy and Giselle, the two women left standing.  “Won’t you please sit down?  With the information you want to know, you might wish to be more comfortable receiving it.”
Remy glanced at Giselle, waiting for her friend to make the first move.  When Giselle slid down into the matching crimson couch, Remy followed suit.  Her back was still straight, her hands folded in her lap, her ankles crossed and tucked behind her.  She did not want to stare but her eyes did not seem to want to look anywhere else but at Esmeralda, who decided to sit in the second chair, positioned adjacent to the couch and across from Adele.  Only a long, rectangular table sat between the furniture with interesting carvings, maybe in another language or perhaps carved symbols that represented something.
“You are looking for Captain Pan, yes?” Esmeralda said.  However, the look on her face revealed that no matter which way the women before her answered, she knew the truth.
“Yes,” Giselle said with a nod of her head.
“How could you possibly know that?”  Remy had not wanted to sound rude – and by the daggers Adele was throwing at her with merely her eyes, she knew she had – but the words jumped from her mouth without any warning.  And now that Remy had spoken, she could not exactly take them back.
Instead of being offended, Esmeralda chuckled.  It sounded like tinkling bells and probably caused the flowers to bloom, it was so delightful.  “I know more than you think, young one,” she said, her eyes solely focused on Remy.  
“Yes, but how?”  Perhaps Remy should not be pushing this woman, but Esmeralda had not exactly answered her question.
“It is one of my talents I have bestowed with,” she said.  “Just like Adele is skilled with a blade and Giselle is skilled in the culinary arts.”
“What am I skilled with?” Remy wanted to know.
“That is for you to find out, my dear.  I cannot tell you.”
“Getting back to the matter at hand,” Adele said after clearing her throat with impatience.
“You will, though.”  Esmeralda was still looking at Remy, an indiscernible look on her face.  “Do not fret, Remy, but you will find your talents, and more than that, you will find your purpose.  Trust that.”
Remy was unsure how to respond to that, so she said nothing.
Adele glanced between the two women before saying, “About Pan?”
“Ah yes.”  Esmeralda leaned back in her chair, tilting her head back and closing her eyes.  “Captain Pan.  The Magistrate’s eyes, yes?  Tell me; why is it that you are seeking him?”
“We believe that he is responsible for the recent attacks on innocent ships, slaying souls so they are lost forever,” Giselle answered in her soft-spoken voice.
Remy narrowed her eyes, expecting Esmeralda to disagree with Giselle’s statement, claiming that such a thing was impossible due to the fact that Captain Pan did, in fact, work for the Magistrate and as such, could not possibly be responsible for those attacks.  She expected Esmeralda to snap open her eyes or to push up her eyebrows or to react in some way to this news.
But all Esmeralda did was… nothing.  She looked exactly the same as she had before Giselle spoke; relaxed, calm, at peace.
Who was this woman, exactly?
“Was it Nick’s idea to go after Isaac in the first place?” was the next question off Esmeralda’s painted lips.  Still, her eyes remained calm.
“It was,” Giselle said.
“But only after James Hook gave Nick evidence that it was Pan behind the attacks,” Adele added.
This caused Esmeralda to open her eyes and pick her head off the back of the couch.  :”Really?” she asked.  To Remy, she sounded genuinely surprised.  “What did James want in return?”
“He didn’t ask for anything,” Giselle explained.
“But he did lecture Nick about the lack of souls he was receiving,” Adele said.
“How very strange…”  Esmeralda let her voice trail off.  Despite her statement, she still had a passive look on her face.  “And what was the evidence James showed Nick in order to get him to believe that the man behind the attacks really is Isaac?”
“A fire poker.”  It was Remy who had spoken, Nick’s tale of why he wanted his revenge still fresh in her mind.  “It had the shape of a snake on the end of it.” 
“Well,” Esmeralda said, another smile – this one too dry to be genuine – sliding across her face.  “That explains it, then.”
A silence hung in the air.  It was not exactly awkward but the tension was palpable.
“To answer your question,” Esmeralda continued, “yes, Captain Pan is here on Tenedor.  Interestingly enough, he is looking for Nick.  I am not quite sure as to why, but that is what I hear.”
Remy wanted to ask how she could possibly have heard that when it appeared that Esmeralda had been in her random pocket of the forest, in her cottage, for quite a while.  Before she could, both Giselle and Adele stood, prepared to take their leave.
“Thank you,” both Giselle and Adele murmured.  Remy followed suit with a soft thanks of her own.
As Esmeralda led them to the door, she said, “But heed my warning, ladies.  Captain Pan is not what he seems.  Tread carefully.”
With that, the three walked through the door and out into the darkness. 






Chapter 23  
“Now what do we do?” Remy asked as she, Adele, and Giselle immersed themselves in forestry once more.
“We obviously go back to the Albatross and tell Nick that Pan is on the island,” Adele replied as though the answer was rather obvious.  “Not only that, but for whatever reason, Pan is looking for Nick.”
“Well, is that not a good thing?” Remy wondered.  Why was Adele walking so fast?  Now that they received the pertinent information they needed, could they not resort to a leisurely stroll and not fast, powerful walking that was just shy of a jog?  “If both men are looking for each other, it is only rational to assume that eventually, they will find each other, much quicker than if Nick was looking for Pan.”
Giselle stifled a giggle and Adele glanced back at Remy.  Though it was dark, Remy was certain the red head was glaring at her for some reason.
“And what then?” Adele asked, turning her attention back to what was in front of her.  “What happens when the two who, by the way, loathe each other to the point where if they had the option to kill the other, they would not even hesitate?  Nick might technically still be alive, like you, but he can still die here.  He was cursed to his position, and until he fulfills the curse’s requirements, he’s stuck down here.  Which means death, if it comes down to it.”
Remy was not sure how to respond to that.  Instead, she decided to ask, “I understand why Nick hates Captain Pan, but why does Captain Pan hate Nick?”
“Even though Captain Pan has free reign over the sea thanks to his position with the Magistrate,” Giselle remarked softly, “Nick has more power than he does in that Nick answers to no one.  All Nick is required to do is his job.  Which he does.  But he has no master, no one who controls him.”
“Nick has more freedom,” Adele said from the front.  She kept her eyes in front of her, rather than turn around to look at whom she was talking to.  “And remember, Nick is still technically alive which means there is a possibility he can leave The Underworld.”
“As soon as the curse’s requirements are fulfilled,” Remy finished.
“And Nick his handsome,” Giselle pointed out.  “He’s charming and decent and everybody loves him, despite the fact that Nick is also a pirate.  It’s quite rare to find someone with little regard for the Law who also happens to be adored.”
Remy pressed her lips together and nodded her head.  Nobody could see her, of course, but it was a gesture done at a subconscious level and so she could not actually stop herself from indulging in it.
Conversation ceased among the three women, and they headed back to town in their silent thoughts.

***
Captain Peter Pan currently paced up and down the rather small room he had rented at the King’s Cross Inn, placed conveniently across the road from the Albatross Tavern.  Captain Pan was not as fond of the island, which permitted all sorts of people to walk the streets freely.  There was no Law prohibiting these common folk from conversing with him if they so chose either, which he had found out the hard way.  Of course he promptly walked away from the man hoping to sell real silk sheets to the captain, without even a backwards glance.
He had no interest in socializing with people so far beneath him he would not allow them to shine his boots.  He could not be distracted by whores and the like – who knew where these women had been anyways? – and though he was used to more extravagant rooms and a much more comfortable bed, he had no other option than to rent this room from this inn if he wanted his plan to be executed beautifully.
While Captain Pan heard from his trusted lieutenant Leslie Roads that Nicholas Grey was already asking about him, that the Transporter wanted to know where Pan was, Peter already knew Nick’s location.  It was rather predictable, he was disappointed to say.  Anyone who encountered knowledge of Nick acquired that it was no secret Nick liked to patron the Albatross.  If Captain Pan were planning something nefarious in regards to the Transporter, Nick would be in serious trouble.
Which would mean that the pirate was in serious trouble.
Peter allowed a smile to slither across his face as he slid into the lone armchair in his room.  He wished his room had a window that looked out at the Albatross but apparently those were all filled and the innkeeper was not going to kick out his probably-indisposed customers just so Peter could have a better of the tavern.  And it was not as though Nick was going to go anywhere.  The pirate was too predictable in his mannerisms to change them, even though he now had the goal to find Peter.
Nick would not find Peter because Peter had already found Nick.  And though he wanted nothing more than to rush into the tavern and take Nick back to the inn in order to slowly torture and kill the pirate, Peter knew that it was best to wait for the right moment.  He did not want to act quickly and ruin the entire thing.
No, he would wait.  And that would make everything worth the while.
“Captain!”  Lieutenant Leslie Roads knew better than to burst into the small room without so much as knocking first.  However, there was something in his panicked eyes that caused Captain Pan to refrain from lecturing him about his breaking decorum.  Instead, he felt something tug at his insides, quite unpleasantly in fact.
“Yes?” Peter asked tightly.  He was trying to keep a hold of his patience, but the longer Roads caught his breath, the longer Peter had to wait, and even if it was for the greater good, Peter absolutely loathed waiting.  “What is it, Lieutenant?”
“Captain,” Roads repeated, standing up straight.  He managed to lock eyes with his commander and recite news that he knew his captain would not be happy to hear.  “It’s Nick, sir.  He’s gone.”
There was a deathly silence that filled the room as Captain Pan tried to comprehend just what it was his lieutenant was trying to convey.  “Gone?” was all he managed to inquire.
“Gone,” Roads confirmed with a curt nod.  “The men lost him, sir.  He’s no longer in the Albatross.”
Peter, without consciously realizing it, felt himself clench his jaw and curl his long fingers into tight fists.  “You’re sure?”  Again, it was all he could get out.
“Yes.”  Another nod.
Captain Pan had to hand it to his lieutenant; if the man was anything, it was brave.  The longer he was in Peter’s presence, the more likely it would be that Peter would take out his anger on the man.
And Peter was angry.  Though the word itself did not exactly describe the urgency of his feeling.
And then, like that, the pressure caused Peter to go off, much like a teapot over a hot surface.  “Find him!” he exclaimed.  “Find him now!  Search every inch and crevice of the Albatross.  Go into rooms.  Go in the kitchens.  I do not care.  Find out where he is by any means necessary.  If he’s not in the tavern, expand your search to the entire island.  No one, and I mean no one, leaves this island until Nicholas Grey is found.  Do you understand me?”
“Yes, sir,” Roads said quickly.  His pale face turned red, being at the receiving end of his commander’s tirade.  “Right away, sir.”
“Oh, and Roads,” Peter said.  This time, however, his voice was calm.  Soothing, even.  Which made it all the more worrisome.  “Do not return unless you have anything useful to me.”
Roads did not respond.  He did not have to.  With one last look at Peter, he spun around and headed out the door, slamming it behind him.
Somehow, Nicholas Grey managed to elude Captain Pan this far.  Peter would not lose him again, if it was the last thing he did.

***
“Where’s Nick?” Remy asked, once the three returned to their table in the Albatross.
“And Calum?” Giselle asked.  “And Edward?”
Remy watched as Adele’s eyes scanned the tavern.  “Something’s happened,” she whispered to the two.  Remy could feel the tension brimming off of Adele which caused her to tense in return.
“What do we do?” she asked, eyes going between both Adele and Giselle.
“We sit down,” Adele said as she pulled out her usual seat, “and Giselle will get us a round and some bread.  We act normal.”
Giselle nodded and disappeared through the crowd.  Remy took a seat across from Adele, trying to figure out what had happened.  And why, above everything else, they were supposed to act normal.
“What if Nick’s in trouble?” Remy whispered, leaning over the table.  She knew her posture was less than perfect but at the moment, she did not care.  She was now in a position she had never been in before: people she felt close to were in trouble and she could do nothing to help.  More than that, she was uncertain how to help.
Adele raised that blasted eyebrow of hers.  “What of it?” she asked in a hard voice.  “What if something’s happened to Edward or to Calum for that matter?  There’s nothing we can do about it?”
“What the devil are you talking about?” Remy asked.  She had not meant to swear, but Adele’s dismissive attitude was really starting to annoy her.  “You shroud your affiliation with Esmeralda – who, really, should not know what she knows – in secrecy and I know you know what’s happened to Nick and Calum and Edward, or at least, something surrounding their mysterious disappearance.  I may be new to the crew and all, but that does not mean you can keep me in the dark about the things I have a right to know about?”
“And who says you have any right to know these things?” Adele snapped in a hushed voice.  She, too, leaned forward so her face was centimeters from Remy’s.  “You are right; you are new to the crew.  As such, I’ll decide what you need to know and what you don’t since Nick isn’t here.  Trust me, all right?”  She leaned back in her chair, her body still tense as she looked out at the crowd once more.  “I know what I’m doing.”
Remy wanted to argue but found it was probably better that she did not.  Instead, she, too, leaned back, her mind churning out possible scenarios that had happened to the three men of the Black Star.  At that moment, Giselle returned with a bar wench, some bread, water for Remy, and ale for herself and Adele.  Once the wench was paid, she left, leaving the three alone.
“Can you at least tell me,” Remy said as she reached across the table for a fresh piece of bread, “if they’re safe.  Perhaps they found Captain Pan.”
“If they found Pan, they would have left us a cryptic note with the wench,” Adele said.  Her eyes were on the tavern, looking for someone or something.  It made Remy uneasy.
“We assume that something abrupt happened,” Giselle whispered.  “Since there doesn’t seem to be any evidence of a fight or a struggle – people would surely be talking about it if it did happen – we believe they found information and had to leave or something else happened.”
“Giselle,” Adele snapped.  “Why’d you have to go and blab it to her?”
“She has a right to know!” Giselle said in the same aggressive voice.  This caused Remy to pause, only because she had never seen Giselle upset about anything and had otherwise believed it to be impossible to rile the demure girl up.  “She is part of our crew, whether you like it or not.”
“And what happens when someone captures her and wants information on Nick’s whereabouts, hmm?” Adele asked.  “She isn’t exactly subtle.  People notice her, Giselle.  And don’t act like Pan wouldn’t do something like that either.  We both know how much he hates Nick.”
“So we are just going to sit here?” Remy asked, her eyes going between the two women.  “Until we receive some kind of news?  Really?  That’s it?  While Nick and Edward and Calum could be hurt?”
“What do expect us to do?” Adele asked as Remy took a bite of the bread.  “Question every single person here?  What if Nick and the rest of them aren’t harmed, but rather found pertinent information that will lead to the whereabouts of where Captain Pan is?  If we go snooping around, all will be lost.  No.  We stay here and we wait.”
“If it’s any consolation,” Giselle added, the look on her face much more sympathetic than the hard one on Adele, “Nick would want us to wait.  Even if it meant that we’d miss out on aiding him.  It’s quite an important rule among pirates, actually: those that fall behind are left as such.”
Remy’s mouth dropped open, completely appalled at such a notion.  “What about honor?” she demanded.
“We’re pirates,” Adele spat.  Was it Remy’s imagination, or did Adele sound slightly bitter when she said the last word, as if a lifetime ago, she, too, despised pirates.  And yet, now she was one.  How did that happen, exactly?  “There exists no honor among pirates.”
“I do not believe you,” Remy said firmly.  “You would really allow Edward to be in danger without helping him, Adele?  You would really follow this rule rather than at least attempt to acquire any kind of information of where he is?”
“Yes.”  Adele clenched her jaw, and to Remy, it appeared as though she was fighting back tears.  “Because I’d rather let harm come to him then go after him, knowing I indirectly caused him harm.”  She paused, but her brown eyes were lit with amber, fiercely glaring at Remy.  “Mark my words, missy, do not think me callus and uncaring.  I have been with Nick longer than anyone has.  I would take a bullet for Edward without thinking about it.  I saved your sorry arse, didn’t I?  But now, I’m choosing to stay.  When people get liquored up, they talk more freely.  I can wait.”
“And if Edward cannot?”  Remy slid her eyes over to Giselle who was tentatively pulling apart small pieces of bread and popping them into her mouth.  “If Calum cannot?”
“With both Edward and Nick gone,” Adele said, and then added, “- for now – I am reigning captain.  As such, I order you to remain here and to keep your blasted mouth shut.  There will be no more discussion on the matter.”
Remy opened her mouth to argue but she stopped herself.  Remy might not have agreed with Adele, but the red head was right.  With Nick and Edward gone, she was captain, her superior, someone Remy was forced to obey.
But Remy refused to simply sit here.  She could not.
“Fine,” she forced out.  She made sure to lock eyes with Adele as her voice grew tight.  “Since all we’ll be doing is sitting here, I’m going to get more water.  May I have permission to do that, Captain?”
Adele’s eyes narrowed and her lips pressed into a thin line.  Finally, she responded with a, “You may.”
Remy stood up, leaving her mug behind.  She felt her heart hammer against her chest, knowing that she was clearly going against orders.  When her fingers caressed the hilt of her cutlass, she relaxed a bit.  If someone did threaten her, she could at least put up some sort of fight.  Instead of heading to the bar, she allowed her frame to get swallowed up by the crowd, hoping to hear a tidbit of information about where her crew mates might be.  The deeper in the crowd she got, the less she could make out, and it was not long before Remy found herself outside once more.
Interestingly enough, it was much quieter outside than in, even though there were more people here.  She spied street vendors start to gather up their belongings, making Remy swallow.  It really was getting late, was it not?  Perhaps it might be better if she returned to the tavern…
But no.
What if Nick needed her?
He had rescued her from those vile sailors back when she was on earth, and not only that, but gave her residence on his ship.  She owed him.  She would save him.
“Miss?”
The voice behind her startled her so much that she spun around and drew her cutlass out in the same motion.  There, before her, was a rather well-dressed man, holding his hands up in a manner of surrender.  Remy tilted her head to the side, hoping to get a better look at him in the darkness but made sure to keep a firm grip on her weapon.  He was wearing red, she could make out.  A uniform.  Quite similar to the Guard’s, actually, but this one red rather than blue.
“Who are you?” she asked in a low voice.  She hoped he could not hear how frightened she felt.  At least she had means to protect herself.  That gave her some comfort.
“Lieutenant Roads,” the man said in a calm tenor.  “You are Remy, correct?  You are looking for Captain Grey, I take it?”
Remy narrowed her eyes.  “And what makes you say that?” she asked.  She had thought finding Nick would be much more difficult, but apparently information regarding her captain sought out her rather than the other way around.
“I know where he is,” Roads explained.  “He was asking for you, specifically.  He said I would know you due to…  Well, I’m sure you’re well aware the affect you have on us, Miss Cutler.”
Remy felt her resolve start to falter.  “You really know where Nick is?” she asked.  Her voice was not as strong as it had been, and Remy hated that.
“I do.  If you would only put your weapon down, I’ll be happy to escort you there.”
Well, he did seem to be telling the truth.  Slowly, she placed the cutlass at her side once more causing Lieutenant Roads to smile.  “Come,” he said, tilting his head into a beckoning nod.  “He’s only this way.”
Something in Remy’s stomach hardened but the young woman ignored it.  If this would lead to Nick, she would go, no matter what was going on in her stomach.















Chapter 24  
Lieutenant Roads was a liar.
He led her into the King’s Cross Inn, literally across the road from the Albatross.  The moment Remy’s boot-clad feet stepped over the transparent threshold and into the inn, she knew she was in trouble.  Her stomach continued to protest that this was wrong, that she was in danger, and now that Remy had finally listened, it was too late.  She was trapped.  
She had attempted to run, of course.  It would do Nick no good to have Remy harmed or captured or killed, but Roads had apparently expected her to react this way because his gloved hand shot out and grabbed Remy’s wrist before she could either leave or grab her weapon.
“I don’t think so, Miss Cutler,” Roads said in his soothing tenor.  In that moment, Remy detested that voice.  It was laced with lies.  How could she have been so stupid?  She should have listened to Adele and Giselle and stayed put.  “We have been waiting for you, actually.”
“We?” Remy said as she struggled against Roads.  The man was firm in his grasp, however, and any defiance against it was met with indifference at most.
“Of course,” the lieutenant said.  He proceeded to lead her up the stairs.  Remy was certain that if she did not pick up her feet, Lieutenant Roads would have no problem dragging her.  “You are going to help us acquire Captain Grey.  By now, I think you’ve realized I haven’t the foggiest clue as to where his location might be.  However, my captain has been waiting for this moment, waiting to have him in the palm of his hand, so to speak.  When you presented yourself, everything fell perfectly into place.”  He stopped at a door and knocked.
Remy felt her face get hot from shame.  She was in another mess and it was all her fault.  How could she not have realized this was a trap?  And, to be honest, it was a rather obvious one on top of that.  Really.  In fact, it was much like her last encounter with a man who wished to do her harm, offering her his help when all he wanted from her was her life force.  But what did Lieutenant Roads want from her?  She did not know.  And that, more than anything, scared her.
Certainly he knew about Captain Grey.  
Nick.
Was he there, wherever Lieutenant Roads was holding her, a prisoner just like she was about to be?
But no.  Nick had more sense than that.  He could probably see through any sort of trickery a mile away.  There was absolutely no reason for him to get entangled into a trap.  
Which means…  Adele had been right.  Remy should have stayed in the Albatross where she was safe.  The likeliest scenario concerning Nick, Edward, and Calum was that they had garnered important information in regards to Captain Pan and were tracking it down, investigating it.  Not that they were kidnapped or harmed or anything of the sort.  Three men together were more than likely enough to hold their ground.
How could she have allowed herself to do something so entirely foolish?  Now that she was in trouble again, no doubt somebody from the crew would come looking for her, risking their life for Remy’s.  Again.  She was tired of people saving her.  She was tired of allowing herself to get caught in these nonsensical traps.  She wanted to be apt and able-bodied.  She wanted to be able to save herself.
Which means, her voice murmured, flitting across her mind like a fresh butterfly across the sky, having just left the safety of its cocoon, that no matter what happens to you, you are not allowed to give them any information.
Remy clenched her jaw together and curled her fingers into fists, physically expressing her new, hardened resolve.  She was certain that anyone who happened to look into her eyes would no doubt see the utter terror in them.  Her fear could not be helped; it was something she had yet to master.  However, just because she was afraid of what was waiting for her did not mean she would allow her determination to falter.  She could not.  Lives were possibly depending on her, and she was responsible for them.  Her friends.  She could not allow herself to place them in any more danger than she already had.
At that moment, the door opened.  Remy had no idea as to why it took the occupant so long to open it, but she had no time to contemplate reasoning before an unfamiliar man reached out and grabbed the upper portion of Remy’s arm and pulled her inside.  Surprisingly, Lieutenant Roads did not follow her inside.  Instead, threw occupant shut the door with his free hand before tightening his grip on Remy and leading her over to a rather plain, wooden chair, sitting in the center of the room.  It was obviously out of place, but Remy seemed to know that this was to be her place for the duration of her stay.
Why was she not fighting?  Struggling, at least?
Remy began to pull against the man she could only assume was Captain Pan.  He seemed surprised at the friction she was causing but it took him a moment to react to it.  This gave Remy plenty of time to reach for her cutlass, only to realize that Lieutenant Roads must have confiscated it while she had been too consumed in her thoughts to notice.  Well, the least she could do was get a good box in, so she jutted the base of her palm upward until it connected with a rather unpleasant crunch against Captain Pan’s nose.
He let out a pained howl before screaming obscenities at her.  He seemed to be distracted enough where there might be a good chance Remy could escape.  Without thinking on it any more, Remy made a dash for the door.  
The captain might have been in pain, but he was still quick.  He stopped Remy by grabbing her, wrapping his long arm around her waist, and then promptly carrying her to her designated chair, forcing her into a sitting position.
“You little bitch,” he seethed through gritted teeth.
From Remy’s position over him, she could see that her palm-thrust caused a good amount of bleeding from Captain Pan’s nose.
Well, good.  It was not as though he deserved it.
Remy continued to struggle, to put up a fight, but this time, it was no use.  Her act of rebellion inspired resolve in Pan and his was just as strong as hers was.  Considering how much bigger and muscular he was, Remy knew she was not going to get a chance to fight him.
At least not yet.
It took him a while, thanks to her constant moving, before he finally tied her to the chair – rather tightly – with thick rope.  Even Remy knew there was not a good chance that she could loosen the knots and slip through the loosened constraints.
“There!” he exclaimed, obviously pleased at his triumph at finally having restrained her.  He pushed himself into a standing position, giving Remy a perfect view to take him in as a whole.
Captain Peter Pan was not an unhandsome man.  He was tall, much taller than Nick, but not quite as tall as James Hook, with deep chestnut hair combed back and in such a manner than every lock was in its proper place.  He was decidedly clean shaven, with sharp blue eyes, and shockingly, dimples.  Remy personally always found it difficult to be intimidated by someone with dimples.  He was slender but well-built.  His shoulders were not as desirable as Nick’s or James’s, but perhaps if a woman saw Pan without knowledge of the pirate captain and the ruler of The Other World, she might think they were exemplary.  He was dressed in rich silks, bold colors.  Not a wrinkle could be found in the material; not a speck of dust or crumbs.  This man was obviously a bad man, a man Remy wanted no further acquaintance with, but even she could admit that he carried and presented himself in an admirable way.  He cared what people thought of him, and wanted to make an unforgettable first impression.  Before she met the crew of the Black Star, she would probably yearn to befriend Captain Pan and hope that he noticed her.
But now, it was different.
Now, Remy knew that there was more to life than how one looked.
“I assume,” Captain Pan began after he successfully caught his breath and took a couple of steps back in order to get a good look at Remy, “I do not have to introduce myself to you.  However, because you are obviously different – you’re still alive, are you not? – maybe you don’t know me as well as I’d like.  I am Captain Peter Pan.”
“I know who you are,” Remy said.  Interestingly enough, her fear had left her, at least temporarily.  Again, it was probably due to those dimples.  “I know you work for the Magistrate, and yet you moonlight as a murderer, slaying souls left and right without mercy.”
Instead of being offended at her words, he grinned as though he were proud of his accomplishments.  “So you have heard of me,” he said with an approving nod.  “However, your source for information on me is not to be trusted.  Captain Grey is a biased, unlawful man and needs to be brought in to answer for his unspeakable crimes.”
“That is all and well,” Remy said, shocked at how natural her flippancy slid off of her tongue, “but I do not see how I fit into your plan of acquiring Captain Grey.”
“He will come for you.”  Pan’s words were firm, but his eyes were clouded with doubt.
“Captain Grey is a pirate, as you well know,” Remy replied.  “Why do you think a pirate would risk capture for me?”
This seemed to make Captain Pan think for a moment because rather than answer immediately, he began to pace.  His posture would be the envy of Remy’s previous suitors back on earth – before, of course, her family betrothed her to Lord Huntington – and his hands were placed rigidly behind his back as he walked.  Finally, he seemed to have come up with a solution he had been unprepared for because he was smiling, and rather than give her butterflies, it gave her a slow, haunting sense of dread.  In a flash, her fear came back to her, even though this particular smile aptly highlighted those dimples.
“You are correct,” he said, taking a step towards her.  “Which leaves me no choice to turn my focus onto you.”
“Me?”  Remy hated how meek her sounded when it had just sounded so certain.
“You will tell me where your precious Captain Grey is.”  He took another step towards her so he stood before her, tall and menacing, his eyes shining more and more as the idea swirling around in his mind began to take hold.
“I do not know where he is.”  At least that was not a lie, but her response would have been the same even if it was not.
“I do not believe you,” he said in the same time.  “But do not worry.  I have resources that will bring the truth to your lips, sooner instead of later I am hoping.  However, should it take longer, I have rented the room for the night and any cries of pain you make will be thought to be in response to the fucking that usually takes place.  No one will know what is truly going on in here, save for you and me.  Unless, of course, you save me a good deal of time by simply tell me where Grey is.”
“As I have stated before,” Remy said, and she could not stop the shakiness from tainting her voice, “I do not know where he is.”
“A pity,” he murmured, more to himself than to her.  “I shall hate having to damage something so beautiful.”

***
The first thought that passed through Nick’s mind after returning to his table at the Albatross with Edward and Calum at his side was, “Where is Remy?”  And he could not help but verbalizing that thought out loud in a rather urgent manner.  Because she was not seated in her usual seat across from his usual seat, and the looks on the other two females in his crew were not at all confident that they, too, knew where Remy was.  In fact, even Adele looked troubled, her brown eyes glassy as she faced some sort of internal struggle he knew naught of.
“Where is she?”
Certainly the words that came out of his mouth could have been more compassionate.  Certainly he could have controlled the edge that was merged with his usual low tone filled with mischievousness.  Certainly he didn’t have to add his fist hitting the table loudly in order to get the two’s attention and also to emphasize his point.  But Nick’s patience regarding Remy and Captain Pan and extracting his revenge was up and he couldn’t pretend to be polite when a storm was brewing inside of him.
It was Giselle who answered, after Calum took a seat next to her.  “We don’t know!” she exclaimed.  She had always been quite good at controlling her emotions – even better than the quick-to-temper Adele – but her blue eyes were wild and unsure.  “She just got up, said she was going to get us food and drinks but she never returned.”
“It’s my fault.”  The words were quiet and hair-raising coming from Adele.  Rarely did she offer up an apology, even when she was in the wrong.  But her eyes seemed numb now as she stared at the surface of the table, and Nick realized that unless he prodded her, she would not be explaining. 
“What do you mean?” Nick asked, taking his seat next to the red head.  He tried to keep the urgency out of his voice but it was quite hard to do when images of Remy being tortured and harmed and worse by the very man he loathed kept playing in his mind, and no matter how he tried to distract himself, it would not desist.
Edward took the other seat by Adele and placed his larger hand over Adele’s.  It was such an intimate gesture that Nick was compelled to look away, afraid of trespassing on a tender moment between the two.  But such luxuries would have to wait.  And Edward’s touch seemed to remind Adele of that, of the importance of the situation of the task at hand.  She blinked once, and then she was back.
“You were gone after we returned from Esmeralda’s,” Adele explained, turning to face Nick.  However, she would not move her hand from underneath the protection Edward’s offered her.  Nick had to bite onto his bottom lip in order to stop himself from asking about Esmeralda, about why they were there and what she had told them.  This moment was not about Esmeralda; it was about Remy.  “And Remy kept saying how we were supposed to go after you, to make sure nothing bad happened to you.  And I told her, I said that this was one of the rules that you enforced concerning fallen members of the crew, that we don’t go after one another.  We sit and wait.  But she wouldn’t listen.  She said she was going to get bread, and hasn’t returned.”
“And you haven’t gotten up to go look for her?”  The edge was back in Nick’s voice as fury slid through his body.
“We were waiting for you,” Giselle tried to explain, but apparently, Nick was having none of it.  
He stood up so abruptly that his chair toppled over.  A couple of nearby patrons turned to look at the disturbance, but since it was not as interesting as the pints they were drinking, their attention quickly waned.
“We need to find her.”
“We have no idea where she is,” Adele said, jumping out of her seat to match Nick’s glare.  Unlike the pirate captain, however, she did not knock over her seat.  
“We know exactly where she is,” Nick growled.  His eyes narrowed in such a cutting manner, darkened to the point of blackness, that even Adele could not help but flinch at the harshness of the look he threw at her.  
“Where?”  It was Edward, standing as well.  His hand had released Adele’s but he positioned his body so it was angled in front of Adele’s, almost as though he were shielding the woman.  “If you know where she is, please speak it.  Adele does not wish any harm to Remy.  She wants to help you and has admitted fault.  But it’s difficult to keep calm when you’re yelling at everyone about things they do not possibly know.”
His words were meant to have a calming sensation on his captain, but Nick’s only reaction was to look away before looking back.  “Fine,” he managed to say – though it was quite obvious that even that word was hard for him to ground out – as his eyes lessened in tension but were still just as fierce.
“Where is she?” Calum asked as Adele and Edward slowly slid back down into their seats.  Nick was still left standing.
“Isn’t it obvious?”  Nick asked.  Now, the look on his face was rather pitiful as he, too, slid downwards until he slumped in his seat.  “Pan has her.”
“How?” Giselle asked.
“He doesn’t even know of her,” Calum pointed out.
“Don’t be fools,” Nick said, but the venom that was supposed to be in his voice was lacking.  He was suddenly tired and worried and helpless.  Remy was going to be hurt and it was all his fault.  “Of course he knows of Remy.  He has this nasty habit of knowing nearly everything.”
“Where were you all anyways?” Giselle asked, looking between the men.
“The women that adorned themselves on us were filled with spirits which loosened their tongues,” Edward said with a mirthless smirk.  “They mentioned recognizing a rather frequent customer who would always brag about being Lieutenant to Pan.  We went to investigate but we could not find him in the Knight’s Cross Inn, where he is supposedly staying.”
Nick suddenly leapt out of his seat once more.  This time, instead of scorn on his face, he was smirking, his eyes lighting up.
“What is it?” Adele asked, looking up at her captain.  “Where are you going?”
“I know where she is,” he said with satisfaction before disappearing in the crowd.



















Chapter 25  
It should have been rather simple to figure out, really.  The fact that Nick didn’t realize it until Edward went into detail about their whereabouts should have frightened Nick about his obvious attachment to the girl since he was too blinded by his yearning to find her and save her that he wouldn’t allow his mind to form a rational conclusion.  But now was not the time to dwell on what he might or might not feel for Remy.  His first and only priority was finding her, and that was that.
“What do you mean, you know where she is?” Adele asked, keeping up with him with a grace only she seemed to possess.  “Where?  How?”
“The whore was wrong,” Nick said with unrefined blatancy.  “The room at the inn wasn’t rented for the lieutenant, but Pan.   He’s here, looking for me too.”
“But why?”
Nick pressed his lips together, still keeping his eyes focused ahead of him.  “Let us just say that he has his reasons for revenge against me just like I have,” he said rather cryptically.  It would seem that those words were all Adele would get as explanation from her pirate captain.
“Why Remy?” Adele asked.  “Why not just find you and take on his revenge?  Why involve Remy?”
“For many reasons,” Nick hissed.  He stopped in front of the inn, his eyes searching for some hint of where Remy might be, which room she might be locked up in.  He did not want to speak loudly in fear of giving his presence away, and as such, he began to move away from the entrance of the inn until he reached the back, his crew slightly breathless but right behind him.  “She shines, Adele.  And it’s rather obvious.  Even without her affiliation with me, he would have been drawn to her and with Pan wanting to be all powerful and all knowledgeable, Remy would have given him both.  So he did what he always did and took what wasn’t his, probably without asking.”
From the corner of his eye, Nick saw Adele’s eyebrows shoot up at his turn of phrase, but he ignored the questioning look and continued.  “But I’m certain he knows she is part of my crew and that, Adele, is why we must find her.  Because what she is, what she can give, and who she knows here is a dangerous combination that could be fatal to her.  And, knowing Pan, once he has what he wants from her, he’ll dispose of her.”
“Well,” Calum began.  Because he was the tallest of the group, was able to have a better vantage point over his crewmates, and as such, tilted his head back slightly in order to look at the rooms that rested on the second floor of the inn.  “What’s the plan?”
Nick had been gently gnawing on his bottom lip, but upon hearing Calum’s inquiry, he released it and replied, “I’m working on it.”

***
As naïve as it sounded – and looking back, yes, even Remy had to admit that her thoughts in regard to Captain Pan was rather naïve – that someone who cared about his appearance and his tea, she learned, and the shine of his boots would risk wrinkling his lovely tunic or injure his probably prized knuckles by harming her if she didn’t tell him what he wanted to hear.  The fact of the matter was that truly, Remy had not a clue as to where Nick was.  She was actually hoping he would be here.  Not, of course, in her exact position, tied up to a chair and suffering abuse at the hand of Captain Pan, but with better leverage, maybe even engaged in a fight with cutlasses or something.  So whenever Captain Pan asked her – or, rather, demanded – where her precious Nicholas Grey was, she could not say.  She was not trying to be difficult, though even she had to admit that seeing his ears get red was amusing until the back of hand connected to her cheek.
She wondered, in one of her moments of reprieve, whether or not she would be as strong as she was now if she knew where Nick was.  She would like to think that yes, of course she would, she would not betray Nick for the world.  But the pain in her cheeks was now numb and her tears were stained to her face and she could taste blood, which was a rather unpleasant taste.  And now, worst of all, she felt that familiar tingle of needing to relieve herself start to tickle, and she highly doubted that Captain Pan would care.  Perhaps if she reminded him it would be all over the floor…
“What are you?”
The rough, rather impertinent voice interrupted her thoughts and slowly, much more slowly than normal, she shifted her eyes over to Pan.  He was obviously upset that his efforts at extracting information out of her was not going very well, but also slightly out of breath.  Probably he was questioning her about something knew in order to rest himself for a bit.  But why he would be so tired, Remy had no clue.  He looked fit enough, but she was now privy that appearances could be and usually were deceiving.
“Excuse me?”  Ooh, was that what she sounded like?  Rough and scratchy and dry?  It must be a side-effect of what Pan was putting her through because her voice had been pleasing and feminine.  This was not permanent, was it?  Surely not.  No way.
Pan clutched his jaw at having to repeat himself causing the muscle to twitch.  “You,” he said.  His own voice was ragged.  “What are you?”
“I am not certain I understand what you mean,” Remy replied.  She was not sure if this was the correct thing to say, but she was not sure what else she could have said in its place, especially since she really did not answer his question.
“You have yet to tell me what I yearn to seek,” Pan said.  “I’ve gone easy on you, easy compared to what I could do to you.  I really do not wish to get your blood on my clothes, so I’m telling you that for your own safety, you should answer me.  The fact that I have to tell you this troubles me because normally, a woman is rather willing to tell me anything I want to know after a couple of slaps here and there.  But you, you’re different.  It’s in the way you breathe, the way you speak, the way that you are.  I can see it on you.  And I, I am not familiar with such a thing and I’d like to know what I’m dealing with.”
He did not know?
Remy had been certain that souls were able to comprehend that she was not one of them in that she was alive while they were not simply because they could hear her heartbeat.  And maybe some of them could.  But not Pan.
Why not?
Certainly he could hear the fear flowing through her veins, could hear her heart hammer against her chest.  She was numb, her face slowly, tortuously throbbing – though, truth be told, Remy had been expecting much worse, especially after his threat before he began – and while she could not feel the pain now, she knew she would soon enough.
And then, an epiphany struck her like lightning striking a lone tree.  He did not realize that people like her could even be down here.  Apparently, it was beyond his comprehension.  As if he, and possibly the Magistrate, James Hook and even the Creator, were the only three beings more powerful than he.  Why would he believe that a girl no more than seventeen years of age had more power over him than he realized in that she lived while he was stagnant, trapped in The Underworld until he was ready to move on.  She might be temporarily trapped against her will in his presence, but he was permanently damned here.  It was she who held the ace up her sleeve, not he.
But she knew she could not reveal it now.
So, instead of telling him what he wanted to hear, a slow smile slid across her face – really, she must be losing her grip on her sanity if she was grinning like some sort of fool – and said, “I have no idea what you mean.”
She knew the consequences of her words.  She knew the pain she was experiencing now would be nothing compared to what he would do to her.  But that look on his face – that shocked look that could not believe a girl defied him so blatantly and was rather amused by the action – was worth it.
It was official: she had gone stark-raving mad.
This only seemed to propel Captain Pan to lunge at her.  He was going to hurt her and badly.  Maybe permanently disfigure her.  Bruise her face to the point beyond recognition.  Something horrid.  And Remy closed her eyes – snapped them shut, more like it, waiting for it.
And waiting.
And waiting.
When she thought it was safe for her to open them, somewhat sure he was not actually going to strike her, she slowly released one eye.
And what she saw caused all the breath to leave her body.
James was there, holding onto Pan’s hand that had been raised, ready to connect with Remy’s face.  He appeared to be holding the captain’s wrist in what appeared to be a gentle grip, but by the look on Pan face, he was in pain.  Pain not even Remy had had to endure.
Why was James here?
“I told you I wanted her,” James said in his gentle, dangerous voice.  He was speaking about her, Remy knew, and yet his blue eyes were only focused on Pan, who seemed to be having a difficult time standing up straight because of the pain James was inflicting on him.  “And that I would deliver Captain Grey to you, did I not?”
The only response from Captain Pan was grunting.  Until James pulled even further on Captain Pan’s wrist, which caused him to howl in pain.  Forget about being worried about getting Remy’s blood on the fine material he was wearing.  James’s grip was twisting the sleeve of Pan’s tunic, guaranteeing wrinkles.
“Yes!” the captain yelped.  “Yes.  That is what you said.  Yes.”
This seemed to please James because he loosened his grip on the captain, but only slightly.  “Then why,” James continued, “is she here, tied up, with blood on her lips and bruises on her cheeks?”
Pan did not answer and it was not because he was in any pain.  No, if Remy had to guess, it was because Captain Pan knew what kind of pain he was about to face, and he was afraid of it.  Too afraid to answer.  Too afraid to explain his own wicked ways.
“Answer me!”  It was the first time she had heard James shout, his words sharp that even Remy flinched in response to it, as though he had pierced her with a blade.  His handsome face contorted into something as dangerous and as frightening as his face, but did not deter from his attractiveness.  She was not certain as to why he was rescuing her, but in that moment, she was grateful she was not the target of his anger.
Captain Pan still remained silent, and Remy could not ascertain whether it was because he was a coward or quite brave.
“You wanted Nick and you could not wait,” Akleksander answered for him.  His voice had returned to its normal octave but that, oddly enough, seemed to make it much more cutting.  “You were impatient.  You had no faith in me.”
“That isn’t true” -  the first words from Pan’s mouth in a while, but they were interrupted.
“Did I not give you an opportunity to speak just seconds before now?” James growled.  “You, in turn, refused it.  Now it is my turn.  Keep your mouth shut.”
There was no threat spoken, but it was there, clearly written in those eyes.  Pan looked as though he wanted to open his mouth and respond, but he pressed his lips together, as if struggling to do so.
“Now.”  James released Pan fully and straightened up.  It still shocked Remy just how tall the man was – he towered over Peter Pan by three inches at least, and the fact that his shoulders were so broad and his body so muscled just made him appear to be more intimidating.  And those eyes, right now looking at Pan with such coldness…  Even Remy shivered, but she could not explain if it was because she was intimidated or if it was because of something else, something much more dangerous.
“You have gone against our deal.”  It was a statement.  A calm one.  But those eyes, those piercing eyes -  “Your soul belongs to me, Captain Pan.  Leave.  Now.”
Again, it was obvious that Pan wanted nothing more than to stop, to argue, to explain, but he pressed down even harder so his lips turned an unseemly shade of white.  With that, he headed towards the door, his eyes fixated on the new wrinkles that occupied his sleeve thanks to his actions against Remy.
“Oh.”  James’s smooth voice stopped Pan in his tracks.  Remy saw the captain swallow as though he was unsure about what might happen to him now.  “And you know where I expect you to be once I’m finished with her.  If you try and run, you know I’ll find you.  I advise you not to do anything… stupid.”
And with that, Peter Pan quitted the room…
…leaving Remy alone with James.
And for the life of her, Remy could not deduce whether or not that was a good thing.  On the on hand, James Hook had saved her life.  If h had not arrived at the exact moment he had, she would be in an excruciating amount of pain , marks on her maybe beyond repair.  She would not be able to end it either, for she still did not know where Nick was and she liked to think that even if she did, she would not tell Captain Pan, no matter what kind of pain he inflicted on.
Yet…  James Hook was dangerous.  Remy knew that.  It radiated off of his body and in his stare.  He commanded it with merely his presence.  He needed to say nothing.  Even Nick, someone Remy believed was not afraid of anything, seemed to be wary of the ruler of The Underworld.  And he was now alone with her, staring at her with those eyes that cut right to her soul.  It was as if he could see through her, all of her deep, dark secrets his for the taking.  And she was afraid she would offer them to him without a fight if only he would ask.
Slowly, and with the grace of a ballerina, James slid into a kneeling position.  His eyes never left hers.  Despite the fact that Remy was sitting in a chair and James on his knees, his height matched hers.
What was he going to do to her?
What was he going to demand of her?
He reached out to her.  She wanted to flinch, wanted to back away.  But another part of her wanted to feel him, to feel his touch upon her skin.
And his fingers… his long, limber fingers that exuded such power curled around the ropes that kept her tied in her place.  And he was undoing them.  Surely he needed a knife or a dagger to cut through it.
But no.
There he was, undoing the knots that bound her to her place in the chair.  Somehow, as he untied them, his fingers never brushed across her skin.  It was as though he was intent on avoiding touching her, but why, Remy could not fathom.  In fact, she refused to acknowledge the little pout of guilt rumbling softly in her stomach.
When he finished, he stood back up.  However, he continued to look down at her, continued to stare so blatantly…
She forgot that she had to relieve herself.
What was he thinking?  What did he see when he saw her?  Something that shined?  A soul that was alive?  Or more than that?  A girl – woman – before him?
Oh dear.
What an embarrassing and unfortunate turn her thoughts had taken.  Embarrassing, because after the ordeal she had just experienced, she really should be thanking the Lord she was alive and not trying to assign a proper color to James’s eyes and because she probably did not look her breath, considering her face was blotchy and flushed, she had blood on her lips and bruises forming on her face.  Unfortunate, because even if she looked her absolute best, there was no way James would have any interest in her as anything but someone who gave life, or whatever the mythology over her being alive in The Underworld meant.
What a silly, foolish thought.  She should banish it from her head immediately.
Why did he continue to stare at her so?  He had yet to offer her his hand in order to assist her standing up.  Instead, he blocked any sort of path of escape, unless she merely wanted to stand up, less than mere centimeters away from him, and Remy knew enough to know that she was not strong enough to deal with such proximity.  She took her sore wrist in her hand and rubbed it softly, hoping it would alleviate some of the pain.
And still he was staring.
Remy could not take it anymore.
“Why do you continue to stare at me?”
She knew it was rude, especially after all he had done for her.  But her emotions were not quite stable just yet.
She watched as James tilted his head to the side, and his lip twitched up.  It was the closest thing to a smile she had seen on his person.
“I am trying to figure you out,” he said in his silky, soft-spoken voice.  And then, causing the breath in Remy to simply vanish as easy as blinking, he leaned forward so their faces were too close for Remy’s comfort, and those eyes, oh those eyes, staring pointedly at her lips…  What could he want with her lips, unless, perhaps…  “We have much to discuss.”

















Chapter 26  
Nick should have been happy.  Ecstatic.  Thrilled to finally get the opportunity to do what he’d been wanting to do for a very long time.  But when Captain Peter Pan emerged from the backdoor of the inn, all the pirate could think of was that Remy was not with Pan.
Which meant she was still missing.
Luckily, Calum and Edward were quicker than Nick currently was, and it was not long before the two tall, lanky men had Peter in their grasp, unable to go anywhere but where his captors wanted him to.  They brought the man – why wasn’t he struggling, Nick wondered with a slight frown – to their captain.  The two women left standing on either side of Nick had their weapons drawn, just in case.
Something was off about this entire situation.  But for the life of him, Nick could not figure out just what that was.  The only thought that continued to plague his poor mind was that Remy was not with Pan, Remy was not with Pan, Remy was not –
“Where is she?” Nick demanded.  Even he was surprised at how fast his outburst was.  He reached out and grabbed Peter by his collar – oh yes, even Nick knew how precious appearance was to the man – and though Nick was much shorter than Peter, managed to lift him off of his feet and into the air.  Calum and Edward stepped back, sharing a look with each other, unsure if they should step in or let their captain handle the situation.
“Who?” Peter managed to get out.
Apparently, the physician and the quartermaster decided on the latter because they both stepped back, next to the ready women, and for that, Nick was grateful.
“Don’t,” Nick growled.  “Just.  Don’t.”
“Do you mean the girl?” Pan asked.  Nick was nowhere near choking Pan, but Peter’s voice was tight.  “She’s something special, isn’t she Nick?  There’s just something about her… something I recognize but cannot put into words.  Daft, but special.  Did you know she came to me willingly?  That her beauty must equal her stupidity because it was so easy to ensnare her?”  He threw his head back and laughed.
Nick wasn’t sure whether to get more upset than he already was, or start to worry.  Peter had always been precise and put-together.  Now, he didn’t even care if the pretext was kept up.  He was laughing manically, obviously off his rocker, he wasn’t shouting at Nick about the wrinkles the pirate was already causing in his very expensive clothing, and, in fact, didn’t seem too keen on extracting his own revenge on Nick, something Nick knew Peter wanted just as much as Nick wanted his own.
Something was wrong here.
“Where is she?” Nick tried again.  He was upset at himself that his voice faltered slightly due to the pitiful state in front of him.  Just because Peter Pan was clearly in need of help did not mean that Nick would be the one to give it to him, not when Remy still had not been found and it seemed that Pan knew where she is.  
“Don’t tell me you’re as daft as she is, Grey.”  Pan’s words were slurred but Nick knew he wasn’t actually drunk.  “Did you see her with me?  No?  Well, obviously that puts her still in the room I kept her in.  Did you know that even though I slapped her around a bit, she still wouldn’t tell me where you were.  She’s either crazy or just plain stupid.  I’d like to think she’s both, but I’m sure you see it was some nonsense like unwavering loyalty.”
Nick’s fingers tightened their hold on the captain despite his arms screaming in protest at having to hold Peter’s body up for so long and without any help from Peter himself.
“You harmed her?”  Nick’s words were low and deadly, his dark eyes black.
“Nick, we do not have time for this.”  It was, surprisingly enough, Giselle who had spoken, and she had a tone that rarely ever tainted her voice: impatience.  “If Remy is still up there and she needs medical attention, then we must get to her now.”
This seemed to amuse Peter because he laughed once again.  Nick frowned in disgust and tossed him down in the dirt.  Again, no complaints sprang from Peter’s lips about his attire.  In fact, Peter was still laughing.
“Yes, go Nick,” Peter said through laughter.  “Please.  She won’t be alone, I’m afraid.  I’m sure you know James Hook?  Well, he seemed very interested in your bonny lass to the point of agreeing to trade your life – whatever I want to do with you – if I found her and gave her to him.  He wasn’t too happy to find her tied to a chair and beaten, but beggars can’t be choosers, can they?”
So this was why Peter seemed drunk with insanity.  James Hook was going to punish Peter for failing him, for specifically going against his orders.  As much as Nick hated to admit it, there was a tiny swell of pity for the man still lying in the dirt without a care about his person.  And at that moment, Nick realized there was nothing he could do that would top whatever it was that James had in mind for Peter, and as such, Nick’s own revenge was unneeded, unwarranted, and now, undesired.  Like the world toppling off his shoulders, Nick was free.  Relaxed.
And he had to get to Remy before James did anything.
Without another word, he dashed into the inn, his crew right behind him.  He ignored the cries of protests, the exclamation that the back was certainly not the entrance, that if he didn’t have a room, he wasn’t allowed upstairs, and everything else they tossed at him.  The only thing on his mind was Remy.  He had to get to Remy.

***
“First,” James began, “why don’t we start with something simple: what are you?  I have my own opinion, of course, but hearing it from you would just clarify it.”
Remy was not sure what to do.  She refused to reveal herself to Peter Pan on the pretense that she was certain that he would somehow use that to his advantage.  Perhaps the captain would try and take her life away from her in order to give himself life, as the man she had encountered during her last visit here did.  But James was already ruler of The Other World.  And, technically speaking, he was still very much alive.  He had not died and received his place.  In fact, he was taken from his life and planted in this one, much like she was.
“I am alive,” she murmured.  It was rather foolish to trust him, especially when she knew how dangerous he was, but something compelled her to do it.
Her eyes sculpted James’s face, but he gave nothing away.
“As I thought,” was his own reply.  “You have this effect on souls…”  He began to use his right hand to gesture – an action Remy did not believe James engaged in often – and somehow that simple action was still as graceful as he was.  “I cannot explain it, but they stop and stare at you.  They are drawn to you, Remy Cutler, to the point where they will defy their soul’s calling and go to you, rather than their final resting place.”
Remy swallowed, unsure how to respond.  She really wanted to stand up; her backside was starting to get sore from remaining in this chair for so long, and yet she was paralyzed by the man before her.  She could not move, though she desperately wanted to.
“Do you know what that means?” he asked her.  His eyes had never left hers, and honestly, she could not remember the last time she blinked.
She shook her head.  Still, she could not speak.
“It means,” he said slowly, “that you are the most powerful person in The Underworld.  The Magistrate and myself might run our respective worlds, the Creator might have created this place, and Nick might transport the souls, but you influence them.  They go to you, and you do not even have to call them.”
“What does that mean?”  Her voice perhaps sounded a bit strained, but at least it did not shake.  She knew she was still a girl, but she wanted to appear as womanly as she possibly could in front of this man.
“It means that you control them, if you so choose.”
“I do not want to control anyone,” Remy said.  She was not sure if it was because the ordeal she had just suffered through or if it was because she was trying to be so mature in front of James who, like the souls he rules, probably only sees her for her alluring abilities that could not help but possess, but suddenly, her plan of acting older than her age disappeared as words started to pour from her mouth.  “I did not even want to be here.  One minute, I am about to be harmed by these sailors in the storage room on their ship, the next, I find myself on Nick’s ship because he saved me.  He saved me from an untimely death by bringing me where souls go when their person dies.  I never asked for this attention.  I never meant to upset the balance of this place.  I just am.  I am just here.  And I apologize, but I cannot change this.  I cannot change who I am.  I have already tried leaving, but returning home is impossible.  I am here, and I do not know for how long.”
Surprisingly enough, James did not say one word during Remy’s little tirade.  Instead, he simply stared at her with those blue eyes, his head cocked to the side as though he was studying her.  For what, Remy could not say, but she was more than certain he noticed the blush that was beginning to taint her skin.  
A lady did not shout or whine or complain, and somehow, Remy managed to do those three forbiddens in one outburst.  He did not seem upset with her, however, at her lack of etiquette.  He seemed… curious.  Whatever that meant.
“And what of our dear friend, Captain Grey,” James asked.  There was indeterminable edge to his normally silky voice, but this time, Remy refused to ask incessant questions.  
“What of him?”  She was thankful her voice sounded more like her own, that the intimidation she originally felt for this man was beginning to fade.  No, that did not mean she was any more comfortable in his presence, at this proximity, but it did mean she was starting to relax.  And, it would seem, realize just how tired she was.
“Do you love him?” he asked.  His voice was nonchalant, as if he were merely asking about the weather and not her affection for Nick.
“Excuse me?”  She was certain that the furrow in her brow was not granting her face a rather attractive look on her face, but she could not help herself.
“Surely a woman as beautiful as you knows of the emotion love.”  
Normally, Remy’s heart would have constricted at the use of his diction, that he called her a woman and that he called her beautiful.  But his tone indicated that he was not paying her a compliment, he was merely stating what he thought was a fact.  Instead of feeling elated, she began to feel frustrated.
“Of course I know what love is,” she snapped without meaning to.  “What I do not understand is why you care whether I feel the emotion for Captain Grey.”
There was an unreadable look that touched James’s face, but just as quickly as it arrived, it disappeared into something calm and hidden once more.
“Captain Grey saved your life,” James stated.  Remy felt herself begin to bristle at the fact that he was so obviously ignoring his question, but he continued.  “It would only be logical that you might want to save his life in return.”
“I do not understand how that has to do with love,” Remy replied, arching a brow.
“Some people need to feel something for the person they are about to save,” James said.  “Others do not.  I am merely trying to figure out which category you fall into.”
“You are speaking in riddles!”  Again, she had not meant to shout, but her frustration had reached another one of its limits.  “If you have something to ask of me, ask it.  I am too tired and my head hurts too much for me to try and decipher what it is you are trying to tell me.”
Another smile fluttered across James’s lips, looking as gentle as a lover’s kiss, but it was not tender.  Rather, he looked amused, and Remy gave up caring as to why.  Instead, she looked up at him rather expectantly.  The numbness that had once blocked out the pain prior was now beginning to fade and Remy knew that soon, she would be hurting much more than she already was.  She would rather not wait for James’s question very long.
“I want you.”
Remy’s mouth dropped open so her lips formed a small ‘o.’  Out of everything James could possibly ask of her – technically speaking, he did not even ask her, really, but merely informed her of what he wanted from her – Remy was not expecting that that would be the request.
“You can help me,” he continued when it was obvious Remy was not ready to reply.  The truth was, of course, that Remy had no idea as to how to reply to that.  “And I can help you.  We can both benefit each other.”
“And how can you help me?” Remy asked.  She did not mean for her voice to sound flat, but she could not help it, really.
“I am ruler of The Other World,” James explained.  His tone was not condescending as Remy expected it would be.  “Anything I want, I get.  Which means that anything you should happen to desire, you will get.”
Remy swallowed.  It was another thing she had no control over.  Not when he was looking at her with those penetrating eyes, the way his lips formed over the word ‘desire,’ and especially the way his voice sounded saying the word.  She could not help, though, but feel slightly disappointed.  He did not want her for his own, of course, but like everyone else, seemed intent on using her as well.  The only benefit was that he was willing to give her something in return.
James grinned – quite different from his amused smile in that this one seemed smug and mischievous, all meshed together – as though he knew exactly what Remy was thinking.
“You are not planning to kill me, are you?”  This time, Remy intended her voice to be flat.
“Kill you?”  James did look genuinely confused, but upon seeing the seriousness on Remy’s face, abruptly shook his head.  “Killing you would do me no good.  No.  I do not intend to kill you or harm you.  If you choose to come with me, freely, I can offer you the greatest protection a person can offer down here.”
At that moment, the door burst open, and there was the blonde woman that stood next to James the first time Remy had ever seen him, along with Adele, Giselle, Calum, Edward, and Nick.
Nick!
And he did not look injured in the slightest.
Before Remy could blink, James arranged his position so he was standing in front of Remy, preventing Nick from reaching her.
“I’m sorry, but we’re discussing a matter,” James informed everyone – save for the blonde, who stood off to James’s side – in a conversational tone.  And then added, with a bit more edge, “Privately.”
“No,” Nick said.  His eyes were as dark as Remy had ever seen them – not that she could see them anymore, what with James in front of her – and she could feel the tension radiating from his body.  “She’s coming with us.  Now, if you’ll excuse me…”
Remy assumed Nick tried to push James out of the way, but he did not move.  “Actually, no, I do not excuse you,” he said.  
“Excuse me,” the woman tried.  Remy glanced over at her.  She seemed to be trying to get Aleksaner’s attention without interfering.
“You cannot take her,” Nick growled, curling his fingers into fists.  “I will not let you.”
“It is her choice if she wants to go with me,” James said.  Again, there was that edge to his normally calm, soft-spoken voice.  Somehow, the edge did not affect the silkiness of it.
“Excuse me.”  This time, the woman’s voice was sharp enough to silence the room.  She blinked when she realized she had everyone’s attention, cleared her voice, and then said, “Captain Pan is nowhere to be found.”  Her English was accented, but not unattractive.  “He did not return to the ship, sir.”
Remy’s heart hastened with its beats.  That meant that Captain Pan was still free, still looking for Nick.  She was certain the man still wanted his revenge on Nick and would do nearly anything to get it, even defy the ruler of The Other World.
“Mister Hook,” she said, her voice thick with urgency.  He whipped around; somehow, his eyes knew exactly where her own were because he locked with them the minute his back was towards Nick.  From the corner of her eye, she saw James’s first mate (a feeble guess on Remy’s part) slide in front of him in order to protect him.  “Can you offer Nick protection?”
“What?” Nick demanded.  “No, Remy, do not” –
“Yes,” James said, seeming to understand exactly what it was Remy wanted to know.  “For as long as you are with me, I promise that no harm shall come to Nick, his crew, and his ship unless he breaks the law and is caught by Guards.”
“Captain Pan still works for the Magistrate, as far as I know,” Remy pointed out.  Goodness, her head was starting to hurt…
“Yes.”  A pause.  “But Pan will not harm him.  The crew.  You have my word.”
Nick, along with Adele, were yelling things, probably trying to talk her out of what she was about to do, but Remy did not seem to hear them.  All she could see were James’s eyes, trying to decipher if she could trust him.
She really did not have much of a choice, did she.
And then, she said, “Let me talk to Nick.”
For the briefest of moments, worry touched James’s face, but it vanished quickly, and he nodded, stepping away from her in order to give her view of the pirate captain.
“Remy…”
The way Nick’s voice said her name caused Remy’s heart to break just a little, but only reinstated that this was what she had to do, despite the pain.
“You have done so much for me,” she said.  Her voice was strained due to the pain, but she forced herself to speak all that she wanted to say.  “I can hardly repay you.  But I can do this for you.  And I will.”
“Please…”  His eyes were so dark and so deep.  Remy did not think she ever heard Nick say please in all the time she knew him.  “Do not do this.  I can protect you.”
“You must protect yourself and your crew.”  Her eyes were misting, and Remy knew it was not due to the pain.  “And I will protect you just like you have protected me.  But this is my decision, Nick.  Do not let it be in vain.”  She was a coward because she looked at James at that moment, avoiding the sadness that seeped into Nick’s eyes.  “I will go with you.”
The pain was beginning to be too much.  Remy could barely hear Nick threaten James if the ruler allowed any harm to come to her.  Slowly her eyes closed.
Perhaps this was what it was like to become a lady.  It was not wearing pretty dresses, getting married, and having children, but rather making the right decision no matter the pain said decision comes with.  
And then, Remy’s world went black.












Other Works by Heather C. Myers

Somerset Series
Marked Territory  He left his mark on her, not because he wanted to, but because he couldn't control himself when he was around her. She was his; that was all there was to it, whether he actually liked her or not. Well, they always did say love was blind...
Tempting the Flesh  He wanted nothing more than to sink his teeth into her flesh and turn her into what he was - a vampire. But he couldn't. And she wanted nothing more than to run away from this assignment. But she wouldn't.

Four Sides of a Triangle  Matchmaking is supposed to be easy. But Madeline is going to learn that love can't be planned when she starts to fall for the last person she ever thought she would, who also happens to be the man her best friend claims to love as well.

Swimming in Rain  Marion is a die-hard USC fan. Aiden goes to UCLA Law School. If only college rivalries were the worst of their problems. They say opposites attract. Well, some crash into each other.

Blood on the Rocks  Her grandfather’s murdered and she’s suddenly thrust with the responsibility of owning and managing a national hockey team.  That, and she decides to solve the murder herself.

Corsets & Crossbones  "And just so you know, love, my words are not the only pretty things in this room." "I am sure you are referring to yourself?" Oh, pirates and their pick-up lines.

Save the Date  As daughter of a man in charge of the CIA, Gemma knew her father was overprotective. She just never thought he would assign a man she couldn't stand to be her bodyguard under the rouse of a fake marriage.

Heroes & Thieves  He didn't like her; she didn't care. A pirate who is anything but encounters a barmaid from Tortuga with a secret, and life for both of them will never be the same.

Falling for the Devil  Her uncle sold her soul for wealth... and as she spends more time with her captor, she realizes that she doesn't exactly want it back anymore.

Killing by Captivation  He told her he was there to protect her, but she would later learn that he was the most dangerous demon she would ever meet.

Beautiful Disaster  Izzy was trying to seduce her boyfriend, not the guy who had mysteriously ended up in her apartment claiming to be a pirate from the eighteenth century. Could the night get any worse?

Battlefield  Just because they were, quite literally, made for each other didn't mean they had to actually get along.

Stranger, Stranger Series Book 1  Sophie Harper has a secret… A peculiar one.

Awaken, Book 1 of The Dark Paradise Trilogy  There’s something wicked happening in Onyx City.

Did You Like Death in Neverland?
As an author, the best thing a reader can do is leave an honest review.  I love gathering feedback because it shows me you care and it helps me be a better writer.  If you have the time, I’d greatly appreciate any feedback you can give me.  Thank you!

Be The First To Find Out When My Next Book Comes Out.
I’m always writing, always publishing.  Sign up for my newsletter where you’ll receive alerts about upcoming releases, giveaways, and advanced copy opportunities by filling out this form: http://eepurl.com/0vqLX  I also give quick writer’s tips and provide exclusive offers to my list for working with me!

Warmly,
Heather






















