 Deceit and Desire
By MJ LeBlanc 
Copyright 2013 MJ LeBlanc
Smashwords Edition
Cover Art: Michael Walsh
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 Deceit and Desire
Chapter 1
“I just finished an assignment and I have six weeks down time owed which I intend to take. You know I deserve the break.”
I sat down on the couch looking at Jake partly hoping he’d let me off the hook, partly knowing I could never turn the assignment down. Jake is a Team Lead with the CIA, he has coordinated a number of assignments over the years although this is my first time working with him.
“You are the perfect agent for this assignment, Mia. You have that look of innocence in a pretty little package.” 
“Oh please, sexist much!” 
“You know what I mean Baby Girl, it’s more than that. Your Business Degree will allow you to fill the Analyst position in the Finance Department at Jacobson Technologies. The nice legs and pretty face are just icing on the cake.”
“Bite me, Jake.” Smug jerk, if he knew how pissed I was, he would wipe that big grin off his face not to mention forgo the Baby Girl nick name he had given me as a child. 
“Well if that’s an invitation...” Okay, now he’s crossing the line.
“Down boy, keep it up and I’ll slap a harassment complaint on you...or better yet tell your lovely wife.”  He’s lucky he’s my older brother’s best friend and happily married or he would be in big trouble. “Jake, you do know I’m supposed to be recuperating during my time off?”
“How’s the leg holding up?” My last undercover assignment left me with a nasty knife wound courtesy of the local bad guy.
“If I tell you it hurts like hell do I get out of the assignment?” I gave him my best puppy dog eyes and pouty lip look.
“Mia, that look might have worked when you were six years old, but we have a job to do. All kidding aside, you are the only person who fits the bill and is available on such short notice.” I guess down time doesn’t qualify as unavailable.
“Fine, tell me about the assignment...and Jake, you so owe me one for this.” 
“You got it Baby Girl. But right now we need to discuss the specifics. The work Jacobson Technologies does with the Department of Defence is legendary and the latest rumours have a number of government agency officials nervous including ours. The security at the Jacobson facility is top notch so once you’re in we will need to be careful when we establish contact and even then it will only be when absolutely necessary. Jacobson’s was created as a small isolated community in a remote mountain area complete with residences for staff, a few restaurants, clubs, stores and a spa.”
“Sounds like fun, a little shopping, fine dining, dancing and a massage all bundled in the great outdoors. This is my kind of assignment, where do I sign up.” I know sarcasm is not a very endearing quality but what can I say...tough. My long awaited time off just went up in smoke, I may as well get a little something out of it.
“Don’t underestimate the potential danger, Mia. The recent chatter indicates that a top secret weapon prototype will be available to the highest bidder on the black market. We need someone on the inside to identify who within Jacobson is in on this and put a stop to it before it falls in the wrong hands.”
“Are there specific people I should be cozying up to and are any of them single, tall, dark and handsome?” Jake may be happily married but I’m not. Nice to see I can still make him smile.
“You are incorrigible! Don’t ever change.” Laughing whole heartedly, he pulled out my new identity package and just as quickly his demeanour turned back to work mode. “Once in character as Mikayla, it will be difficult for us to communicate without raising too much suspicion. Employees sign a confidentiality agreement and agree to live at the facility with no outside contact until the project they signed up for is complete. Even then, when they leave the facility or employ of Jacobson Technologies, they are bound by the agreement and cannot discuss anything pertaining to their work or stay there. So it may be difficult for you to get them to talk about what they may have heard or seen. To answer your question, most people are single because of the isolated lifestyle but I can’t speak to tall, dark and handsome.”
“Well I guess I’ll have to find that out for myself. How much time do I have to make new friends?”
“Based on the intelligence we have received, you have a few weeks to identify the source of the leak and potential buyers.”
“Oh, is that all, piece of cake.” There goes that sarcasm again. “When am I slated to start work?”
“You are expected at the Jacobson facility at 9AM tomorrow morning.”
“Tomorrow? Are you serious? You don’t give a girl much notice do you?” 
“Start packing, Baby Girl. I will see myself out, and Mia, watch your back. Your brother will never forgive me if something happened to you.”
“Always Jake, always.”
It seems like a lifetime of undercover assignments but surprisingly it has only been six years: six long years. I have lived and breathed the job since I was twenty-two. I was young, naive and filled with the expectation of a promising and exciting career as a CIA agent. Well that particular bubble burst a long time ago. Jake and my brother Aidan fit into the big secret agent world and for while so did I but I now find myself questioning the career choice I made which leaves me with little time for an actual life. If I were to be honest with myself the job has kept me toned with a kick ass body marred only by the recent scar on my right inner thigh. It’s been an exciting ride but I’m glad that my current assignment should be a cake walk compared to the last memorable experience. 
The drive to Jacobson’s was thankfully uneventful. Long winding roads framed by tall trees as far as the eye can see. I can feel the wildlife lurking nearby and I half expected to see deer sauntering on the side of the road. It seemed so peaceful in the early morning light. Given the time, I would have enjoyed venturing a little further into the forest for a nice hike. Maybe I’ll have the opportunity to explore the local natural beauty when I get to the Jacobson facility. 
In order to protect the secrecy of the facility, there are no road signs or directions which explains why I almost missed the side road to Jacobson’s. My sense of direction is not stellar on a good day, so removing signs is a sure way to get me lost. Lady Luck must have been with me today, since I found it on the first shot. Good thing considering I haven’t got much time to spare before I am scheduled to be at the general orientation session for new employees. After another fifteen minutes of winding roads a fourteen foot gate with mounted video cameras came into view. A fully armed security guard appeared and signalled me to stop and step out of the car. He patted me down while another guard searched my car. I don’t look like someone who would be packing weapons but I applaud their thoroughness considering what could happen if the wrong people got access to lethal weapons. Little did they know that my weapon is already in the compound thanks to a little help from the Agency. I may as well have some fun with these GI Joe types.
“So what are you boys looking for?” That question got me a big zero on the reaction scale from both guards. “Are patting down women and searching cars your only skills or can you speak?” I got a glare out of the touchy feely guard for that comment, now we are getting somewhere. “The strong silent type, huh? Okay, since we should be on a first name basis after you just felt me up, I will just call you Bob. So Bob, you’re a good looking guy but I must say as far as a first impression goes, you leave a lot to be desired.” He stood there in a wide stance, hands clasped behind his back and his jaw muscles clenched.
“Your employment paperwork and driver’s licence, Mam.” Surprise, surprise, he speaks. I hope the men at the facility are a little more sociable although he does meet the tall, dark and handsome criteria. 
“Seriously, do I look like a Mam to you?” I gave him my ID and paperwork waiting for the go ahead and decided by the look on his face that I had played with him enough. I didn’t want to jeopardize my assignment before I even made it in the Facility but I couldn’t help myself. I get so little satisfaction out of my work anymore that I take it when I can get it. 
“Your documents, Mam.” Well I guess I was talking to the wall about the “Mam” comment. He gave me my documents and nodded to the video camera as the gates began to open. I climbed into my car and gave the boys a saucy smile and salute as I drove through the gates and got in one last comment. 
“It was a pleasure chatting with you.” I could see the scowl on the big guy’s face as I checked my rear view mirror. It’s good to know I can still get a reaction out of a man, even if it is hatred. I may have to work on that if I ever want to go on a date again. Not that I ever have much time to date.
A few miles later I crested a hill and looked down on what seemed like a small village with a few large buildings. Nothing indicated that it was Jacobson Technologies but then again what was I expecting from a top secret weapons manufacturer; neon lights saying plans for mass destruction found here. I followed the directions I had been provided to a small building which housed the equivalent of a hotel reception area. I was greeted by friendly looking woman who seemed to be in her mid to late fifties.
“Hello, welcome to Jacobson Technologies, my name is Ella.” She glanced at the clock on the wall on her left before turning back to face me; her friendly smile firmly in place. “Why don’t we get you registered and off to General Orientation. Could you please provide me with your paperwork and ID?” I don’t know why I bothered putting the papers away; I get the impression I will have to produce them a half a dozen times before this day is over. 
“How was your drive in?” Of course she would be one of those morning people who could do social niceties at the crack of dawn.
“It was great, the scenery is breathtaking and I look forward to seeing more of it. I saw a number of buildings when I drove in, I hope there is a map to help me find everything.” My smile was firmly in place and Jake would have been proud that I was on my best behaviour; sarcasm firmly in check. 
“Yes of course, I have a map right here. The orientation building is just down the street so you should not get turned around this morning.” Good to know since I have to be there in about fifteen minutes. Mary sunshine better pick up the pace of her version of the welcome wagon.
“The restaurants are located in this area,” as she identified the three restaurants on the grounds including a Café. Thank God, I need my coffee in the morning if I am expected to be alert in the AM in any way, shape or form.
“There is a health and fitness center including spa services at the far end of the grounds. If you are into jogging, there are some nice trails in the woods.” Now we’re talking, a spa is just what the doctor ordered. I will definitely have to check that out since I don’t get a chance to pamper myself very often and I seriously think I need to remedy that. As for the trails, my leg may not be up for an all-out run but I wouldn’t mind a nice jog or a light hike.
“Your office will be located in the Administrative building to the right of the Orientation facility. There are a few clubs for evening entertainment that the younger employees seem to enjoy near the Café. I think you may like it there and you will be able to socialize and make new friends.” She was definitely a fit for her position, all smiles and helpful. I am not here to make friends but it may be a good place to visit and chat it up with some employees who may have loose tongues after a few drinks. Who knows, maybe I’ll find an order of tall, dark and handsome with a better disposition than “Bob” the front gate guard.
“The residences are located near the woods on the far side of the facility. If you should need anything such as groceries or clothing there are a few stores near the residences that should have everything you need. If they don’t have it, they can order it in for you.” 
So far this sounds like a pretty good assignment although there were a few buildings I spotted from my bird’s eye view on the way in that were conspicuously missing from the map Ella gave me. Note to self, I will need to get in a hike and do some recon on those mysterious buildings in the near future but first things first; I need to get to general orientation. It wouldn’t be good to be late on my first day. That would definitely be one of those career limiting moves; even if it is only a temporary job. Ella glanced at the clock again and seemed to kick it into high gear.
“This is your access card to the buildings for which you are authorized to enter as well as the key to your living quarters during your stay.” Well, I guess it would have been too much to ask to get a master key card so I could get a look inside those mystery buildings.
“Thank you Ella, you have been very helpful.”  
“It was my pleasure Mikayla. Once again welcome to Jacobson Technologies and good luck with your new position.” I headed out the door to the orientation building where, hopefully, my first impression will be a shade more positive than with GI Joe at the front gate. I have to admit I think I made a good impression with Ella; one out of two is pretty good for me.
It looked like I was the last one to arrive as the facilitator moved to the front of the room and began his presentation. I took the opportunity to glance around the room where a number of new employees were eagerly listening to him. I caught the eye of a short brunette as she nodded and smiled in my direction. I returned the gesture and continued my survey of the room as I briefly stopped on a man to the far right who was looking at me with an intensity that said sleazebag all over it. In your dreams buddy, on second thought, I don’t even want to be a part of his dreams. Yuck! Maybe I better focus on the actual orientation and company information that is being provided since I am here to figure out who is planning on putting a lethal weapon's prototype for sale on the black market. 
We were a good twenty minutes into the presentation when the door opened. I pride myself on being able to control my facial expressions but I have to admit that keeping my jaw from dropping and the drool factor down to a minimum was damn near impossible. He filled the door almost as well as he filled his clothes. At the moment, I thanked the author of Jacobson’s casual dress code policy because a man in jeans and a white dress shirt seriously does it for me. He obviously knew his effect on women as he produced a sexy smile and I swear I heard a collective sigh from the female population in the room. His black hair accentuated his piercing crystal blue eyes and thick lashes and his muscles were evident by the jeans that moulded to his body. I can just imagine what the top part looked like under that shirt. I physically had to shake my head to dislodge the image I had created of slick abs and powerful shoulders. I had to get it together. I am not here to socialize; I have a job to do. At least the view seems like it will be as good inside as it is in the picturesque outside. Chalk one up for tall, dark and definitely handsome.
“I apologize for being late folks, please carry on.” The deep rich voice distracted me until I realized the only empty seat was next to me. He no sooner took the seat that he leaned over and said “Honey, you better stop looking at me like that or I will have to do something about it.”
So much for having control of my facial expressions but, seriously, how rude of him to point it out and I’m sure as hell not going to admit it. “Excuse me, I’m sure your ego is clouding your judgement since the only look I gave you was one of reproach for being late and disrupting the group.” 
“My mistake, my radar must be a little off.” The grin on his face and the look in his mischievous eyes told me he thought I was lying and was anything but sorry. Jerk. 
“Way off buddy and be quiet, some of us are here to work.” Humour flashed on his face as he said “Yes, Mam”. Again with the Mam, it’s seriously starting to piss me off and make me feel like an old schoolmarm. Then again, he did say he would do something about the look I was giving him when he thought I was interested. Once more, I had to physically shake the naughty thoughts running through my head and what he might want do to me. Maybe I should push my luck and give him the look a few more times; not that I want to give him the wrong impression or anything but it’s always nice to know I haven’t turned into an old maid just yet. Working as a CIA agent in a male dominated work environment, I have sworn off the men whose egos take up the better part of a room. There is no bigger turn off than a man who thinks women should all fall at their feet as they grace us with their presence. Please! So not going to happen in my lifetime and definitely not with the Adonis sitting next to me whose arrogance is definitely not lacking.
We had all introduced ourselves at the beginning of the day but since Big Boy was late we did not have the pleasure of his name or line of work. My curiosity is purely work related of course, since I need to get as much information as possible on where employees work. You never know when it could come in handy and be of assistance when the need to access restricted areas arises. During the break I shamelessly eavesdropped on a conversation between a blonde bombshell and the big guy. 
She was hanging all over him, it was so disgusting. I was hoping the blonde would get around to asking pertinent questions but that would have been way too easy!
“So, Brian, you must work out a lot to look so fit.” Sheeesh! Are you kidding me! How transparent and pathetic is that. I don’t know which was worse, her drooling or him actually seeming to enjoy the attention. Finally, another person joined the conversation and started asking intelligent questions. 
“Hi Brian, I’m Dean. I just got hired on with the maintenance team here. What about yourself?” They shook hands as Brian responded.
“I was hired as a Quality Control Inspector. I will be responsible for testing a variety of products.” Interesting, I logged that information away for future use as he may have access to some of those mysterious buildings. 
The rest of the orientation was typical as we covered general information and the list of topics we would be going through in more detail over the next few days. As we were wrapping things up for the day, Brian leaned over and whispered in my ear, “So what do you say to joining me for supper?” Another time another place I would have been tempted but I have a job to do and he was a little too confident for my liking. For all my joking around with Jake about finding tall, dark and handsome, my focus is always on the assignment.
“Why don’t you ask the blonde bombshell you were talking to? I am sure she would probably express her appreciation for a nice meal later this evening. You are not my type.” It was just a little white lie.
“Careful honey, your claws are showing.” The nerve of him to think I’m jealous of bimbette over there.
“What is up with you? You may think you’re God’s gift to women but this woman is not interested and stop calling me honey.”  
“No problem, I think kitten is more appropriate. I’m not sure Sherri would appreciate you calling her bimbette after all when I asked about you she said the two of you would be working together.” Oh great! I will be working with Brian’s biggest fan. Wait a minute, back up the truck, “Why were you asking her about me?”
“I figured if I asked you, you would tell me to go jump in a lake.” 
“Smart man and a good judge of character. I believe if you take a short hike through the woods you’ll find that lake. Feel free to jump in.”
“Only if you join me.” That sexy grin will be the end of me. He was so infuriating that I gave up trying to get the last word and walked out; a definite first for me. I could hear his deep chuckle as I exited the room. I am going to have to stay away from him as he is definitely a distraction. Then again, he could potentially get me into the high security buildings. Maybe I can find someone else who could provide me with access without having to deal with Brian and his manly self. Unfortunately, we will be in close quarters for the next few days during orientation.
*****
Chapter 2
My first orientation day at Jacobson’s was quite memorable but I need to get it into gear to meet my boss at the product testing building. I have to say this new job might be more interesting than I first thought. Sherri’s incessant compliments throughout the day were a little over the top but the conversation with Mikayla was spicy enough to intrigue me. I can honestly say that it has been some time since a woman went toe to toe with me and it was a definite turn on. She may have said she wasn’t interested but I may just see if I can change her mind. For the moment I could see persistent Sherri heading my way and closing in for the kill.
“Brian, wait up!” I didn’t know a woman could move that fast in high heels. As I turned to face Sherri I caught a glimpse of Mikayla talking to a short brunette who was part of the group today.
“Are you heading towards the residences or the fitness center? If you want company, I would be more than happy to join you for a workout.” There was no doubt what kind of workout she had in mind. Normally I would have jumped at the occasion to spend some quality time with a beautiful woman but I can’t seem to get a certain blue eyed brunette out of my thoughts. 
“Thanks for the offer Sherri but I have a meeting with my new Manager in ten minutes.” I dodged a bullet there. With any luck she will sink her blood red nails in another unsuspecting man.
“Alright, I’m sure we’ll see each other soon enough. That’s the beauty of living on this facility; you can’t run... or hide for that matter. Catch you later.” With a wink and toss of her blonde hair she turned around and sashayed away. Okay, I have to admit she has a nice ass; I may not be interested at the moment but I’m not dead. 
“Typical.” I turned to find that Mikayla and her friend, I think her name was Karen, were heading in my direction and had caught me staring at one of Sherri’s better attributes. That one word spoke volumes of her opinion of me while Karen was trying to hide her smile.
“Excuse me?” May as well make her explain that little comment.
“Never mind, it would not be worth my time to explain how pathetic your baser instincts are.” Man she doesn’t pull any punches.
“Well aren’t we all high and mighty. Since I am the one who is actually about to be late for a meeting with my boss, we’ll have to take this up later. How about dinner at 7PM?” Shock registered on her face or was that disgust. I love seeing her off balance.
“Like I said earlier, go ask the blonde bombshell that just walked away. You are so not my type.” She threw down the gauntlet, and man, I am up for the challenge.
“You said that already. What is your type? A lap dog at your beck and call who worships the ground you walk on?” Karen let out a small laugh before she regained her composure at Mikayla’s glare.
“Aren’t you hilarious, no it’s more like a man who can look at a woman in the eyes and carry on an intelligent conversation instead of starring at her ass and getting ego stroked at her airhead compliments.” Wow, she didn’t even take a breath when she let that one rip.
“Well I obviously did not make a good impression since you have obvious relinquished me to the level of a slug. So now you have to accept my dinner invitation so I can change your opinion of me.” She is so easy to get riled up, it is hands down the most fun I’ve had in the last year.
“Listen you Neanderthal, welcome to the twenty first century where no means no.” Okay maybe I went too far this time, she is pissed. I think now would be a good time to hightail it to my meeting. I do have just enough time to get one last comment out.
“Well that’s an easy fix, you just have to say yes and it’s all good.” With that I turned and walked away before she found something to maim me with. I think if I turned around, I would see smoke coming out of her ears. Karen was actually holding her back.
I had to jog to make my meeting but got there with not a minute to spare.
“Brian, come over here and meet a few of the engineers who designed some of the armour you will be testing.” It’s always a good thing to meet the people who may hold your life in their hands and look them in the eye.
“John is the Chief Engineer and has been with Jacobson’s for the last eight years.” He had a firm hand shake and a professional demeanour. He looked to be about fifty with greying hair and a little bit of a gut starting.
“This is Tom, the rookie of the department; he has been here for a little over a year.” He was a short man with a slight build and an expressionless face. 
“Nice to meet the both of you, I am looking forward to working with you. I am definitely counting on you being good at your jobs; in fact, my life may depend on it.” My Manager seemed to see the humour in my comment even if the others didn’t.
“That’s why I pay you the big bucks.” My boss obviously has a sense of humour.
“Well that’s a matter of opinion.” The only thing that makes it worthwhile is all the perks of living on the Jacobson Technologies facility.
“I know you had a full day of orientation today and still have a few days to go but we are on a tight timeline to put this body armour to market for the Department of Defence.” That suits me just fine although it would have been nice to spend more time to get under Mikayla’s skin but like Sherri said you can’t really hide in this facility. I am sure I will have other run ins with her.
“What are we looking at?” I may as well get the layout for the upcoming weeks. John was the one who took the lead and laid out the plan.
“We want you to try out the armour in different scenarios and document the results. Not only are we looking for quality of product but also functionality in the field. We would require real life trials and a firsthand report on weapons fire resistance as well as a number of drills and field excursions in full military apparel. Our stakeholders are always concerned with safety, weight and potential restrictions in mobility.” 
“I can put together a recommendation on the different testing components. Is there a firm timeline that I should be aware of?” Looks like I’ll be jumping right in. Tom confirmed the target date.
“We have made some assurances to top officials that we would have a functioning prototype in two weeks.” Man, they did not leave much of a buffer.
“I’m good at what I do but the man in the flying cape I am not.” I seemed to be the only one who thought the reference to Superman was mildly funny. My Manager decided to pipe up and bridge the awkward silence.
“Brian, the timetable is non-negotiable so let’s get it done as quickly as possible.” There was something in his voice which led me to believe he is as concerned with the short timeline as I am.
“Understood, I will have a schedule recommendation on your desk by end of day tomorrow.” Since I am hoping to have a date tonight with a sharp tongued kitten and possibly orientation tomorrow, I am looking at pulling a rabbit out of a hat.
“Sounds good, just make sure we have the results within the two week deadline.” Tom and John both nodded their agreement as they walked away. I got the distinct impression that there was some serious pressure coming from the powers that be.
*****
Chapter 3
“That man is infuriating! Why anyone would put up with him is beyond me.” I turned to look at Karen and she was actually trying to hide her laughter. She pulled it together to give her opinion.
“Oh I don’t know, he is tall, dark, handsome and...yep that’s it. My standards must be lower than yours because he ranks as one of the top five hottest men I have met in a very long time.”
“Are you telling me that his arrogance does not factor in on your rating scale at all?”
“All that registered with me was his tall hot body and dark hair. Don’t tell me you haven’t noticed how he fills out those jeans; the sexy smile and deep voice puts him tops in my book.” Oh, it registered all right, but I was not going to tell her that. She is obviously already a fan, no need to fuel that particular flame.
“I guess I need more than a nice ass, broad shoulders and piercing blue eyes.”
“Mmmh, I had forgotten to mention the eyes, good catch on that one. I guess he made more of an impression on you than you’re willing to admit. Don’t they say that the eyes are the windows to the soul? What did you see in his when you noticed how amazing they were?” Open mouth and insert foot. Usually I like direct people but Karen is hitting to close to the truth. She is very perceptive. I’ll definitely have to watch my cover around her. 
“The only thing I noticed was that he is a player. I am sure he has his pick of the litter when it comes to women.”
“Mikayla, if I recall correctly the first day he met you he called you kitten. I believe he has seen the litter and focused on his feline of choice. He was pretty quick to send Sherri packing along with her many attributes; not that you don’t have attributes of your own. So why don’t you see where it could go and enjoy the ride? I have a feeling it may be a wild and memorable one.”
“Those kinds of rides end up in a crash with multiple casualties. I am sure I am not the only kitten he has selected. He probably has a harem.” 
“I didn’t peg you as so judgemental. You barely know the guy and just because he is good looking and confident you have him pegged as a gigolo with no morals. Give the guy a chance!” 
Karen is right. I don’t know why Brian’s got me so fired up. I would typically ignore that type of behaviour rather than start a verbal sparring match. Something about Brian just won’t let me pass up a chance to exchange witty, if not rude, comments with him. Deep down I think I actually enjoy it. He didn’t back down when my sarcasm and sharp tongue took him back a few notches. Most men get a taste of my charming personality and run the other way without looking back.
“You’re right Karen, chalk it up to first day nerves. I was way too harsh with him. In my defence, he is quite self-assured and he didn’t seem fazed by my nasty comments.”
“Fazed? Are you kidding, I think it turned him on. You just put a big challenge sign on your forehead. If you were looking to dissuade him, your nasty tongue probably encouraged an all out assault. Get ready, because what I saw in his eyes was clearly – game on.” Oh shit, working with the CIA where machismo reigned, I should have known better than to go toe to toe with the likes of Brian. Exciting as that may be, I might have bitten off more than I can chew with this one.
“Well he isn’t going to win this game. I am here to do a job and that’s all.”
“When love rears its head it doesn’t care about intentions Mikayla.” Karen seemed to be speaking from experience but it wasn’t the time to get into a serious conversation; we only just met.
“Bite your tongue Karen! Nobody said anything about love, not even close!”
“Love, mind blowing sex, whatever; if either of those presents themselves I recommend enjoying every second of it.”
“Nice to see low standards are alive and well. What do you do? Put a mirror in front of his face and if it fogs up and confirms he’s breathing, he’s a candidate for love or sex?”
“Wow! Tell me how you really feel. First of all, I do have standards, they may not be as high as yours but they are there nonetheless. Just because I can accept my feelings and attractions does not make me a slut and I resent the fact that you think I would invite anyone short of the living dead in my bed. So screw you!” I obviously did not have a proper dose of caffeine this morning to deal with the likes of Brian and poor Karen is paying the price. I grabbed her arm to stop her as she turned to leave.
“I am so sorry Karen. Please stay, I did not mean what I said to you. It’s been a long day, I’m hungry and cranky and you’re right, I do have a hard time dealing with my emotions.”
“Apology accepted. So you admit to having some type of emotions or an attraction to Brian?” Her mischievous smile hinted that her earlier outburst was a ploy to get me to admit my feelings. I will have to watch my step with Karen, she seems to see right through me and nobody has been very successful in doing that in the past.
“What do you say to tabling this conversation and going for a coffee? I would love to hear more about your family and where you are from.” We headed to the Café and got a corner table for a little privacy. Coffee in hand and a few gulps later, I was in a better state of mind to have a friendly conversation.
“So Karen, tell me about yourself.” It was such a cliché line, we both chuckled. 
“I’m an only child born and raised in Ohio with loving parents and a dog named Zeus. I had a typical childhood and ended up falling in love and marrying my High School sweetheart.” She seemed to collect herself as she stared into her coffee but didn’t go on.
“Karen, it’s okay if you don’t want to talk about it.”
“No, it’s okay. It was years ago but it is still hard to talk about. My husband was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour. It happened so fast, one minute he was there and the center of my world and the next I was alone.”
“I am so sorry for your loss Karen.” I reached for her hand as she took it and squeezed as if her life depended on it.
“Here I am spilling my guts to a relative stranger but hey you asked.” We both laughed and it seemed to relax the mood as Karen continued. “My family was great but I couldn’t stay there without him. The memories of our life together were at every corner and after a few years, I felt the need for a change. That’s why I decided to accept the position here. Jacobson’s provides me with a small community environment and a fresh start. I will never forget him but I need to move on and I am ready to do that now.” I’ve never truly loved someone the way she obviously loved her husband. I envied her what she had but seeing the grief she endured certainly makes me wonder if it would be worth it.
“This is definitely the place to get away.”
“Is that what you’re here for; are you running away from something or someone?” I wish I could get away from the job long enough to find someone and figure out what I want to do with my life.
“Not really, I have no ties and felt that this would be a good opportunity to get some work experience.”
“No special someone in your past or present?”
“The only special someone is my brother. After my parents’ unexpected death in a car accident when I was thirteen, he raised me through my awkward teenage years and supported me while I finished my Bachelor’s in Business. He is the best big brother anyone could ever ask for. He used to scare away the men who showed any interest in me. Although it was frustrating at the time, I knew he was being protective and came to appreciate him for it. I also learned to keep my boyfriends a secret from him long enough to at least enjoy a few dates before he put them through the third degree and scared them off.” I tried to stick to the truth as much as possible but I didn’t get into any specifics or names. I threw a few white lies about where I grew up to support my assumed identity.
“We are lucky to have family members that care for us but it can sometimes be overpowering. I, for one, am going to enjoy this time on my own and turn the page on memories that have been holding me back.”
“Good for you Karen.” I meant it too. I genuinely liked her. “Well, thank you for joining me for coffee and I apologize for my tirade earlier. 
“Apology accepted.”
“Do you want to meet me at my apartment tomorrow morning so we can head out for breakfast together before orientation?”
“You are on. I am so glad to have met someone that I can talk to. I will be at your place around 7AM, does that work for you?” 
“Absolutely.” We exchanged phone and apartment numbers as we headed out of the Café.
As we exited the building, the thought that I don’t have many girlfriends crossed my mind and once again the job had impacted my personal life or lack thereof. It is starting to become a recurring thought...
*****
Chapter 4
5PM, time to get in a quick workout before another attempt to change Mikayla’s mind about diner this evening.
The gym was not too crowded since most people were probably home or at one of the restaurants having super. A couple of guys were working out, if you could call it that. There seemed to be more standing around than actual exercising going on. One of the men seemed to be telling a tall tale on his recent sexual conquest to his buddies. They looked my way as I nodded hello and started my stretches. 
“Dude, she was amazing! I don’t usually date the same girl twice but I think I may make an exception for her.”
“What makes you think she would want to go out with you a second time?” 
“Jessie, not even you can rain on my parade today. Just to prove that I’m as good as I say; I am going to give her a call and ask her out right now.” I know I should not eavesdrop but they were the only people in the gym and they weren’t trying to keep it down. 
“Greg, no one is challenging your manhood so take it easy and let’s just finish our workout.” Greg didn’t even react as he continued to punch in the number on his cell phone.
“Dan, it will only take a second to defend my title as sexiest man alive and then we can finish our workout.” As Greg waited for his latest conquest to answer, he had a look that exuded confidence. I can honestly say that I have not had many difficulties attracting the opposite sex but Greg seems to have turned it into an Olympic sport.
“Shaundra, baby, how are you doing?” A slight pause while she responded. A big grin spread across his face as he said “I agree we should definitely try that. The sooner the better; are you busy tonight?” He obviously liked what he was hearing as he confirmed their arrangements to meet later in the evening.
Greg hung up and turned to Jessie and Dan. “And that’s how it’s done gentlemen.” 
“You hound dog, one day your ego will be crushed and we will be there to witness it.” Jessie seemed to be trying to bring Greg’s Good Year blimp of an ego back down to a reasonable level.
“Woof, man, woof! I’ve still got it and later I am going to get it. You guys just wish you could tap it as much as I do.” This guy is definitely over the top but his outlook is more than entertaining. 
“Dude, you are sick.” Although Dan tried to be serious he was chuckling. As they made their way to the weights, they stopped to introduce themselves.
“Hey, you must be a newbie. In this small place rookies stand out like sore thumbs. I’m Greg, the quiet guy is Jessie and the stick in the mud is Dan.”
“Hi, the name’s Brian. I was going to ask what there was to do around here but based on your conversation, I am guessing you create your own entertainment.”
“You know it. Actually, there is a bar we tend to unwind at called The Lasso. You should join us sometime. We usually go there a few nights a week. Obviously, I have other plans for the evening with better company then the likes of these guys but we’ll definitely give you a heads up the next time we head out.”
“Thanks, I appreciate the invite.” As we programmed our contact info in our cell phones with the understanding that we would meet up for a few beers in the near future. I wondered what Greg would do once he has exhausted his pool of female prospects on the facility. He said it himself; new people stick out in a small place like this. He must have his mojo to an art form if he can date a number of women who all live within a mile of each other. He is one brave man.
As I headed back to the residences, a few employees, men and woman, politely nodded as we passed each other. You have got to love co-ed residences. I had just finished a quick shower when I realized how thirsty I was. I hadn’t gotten the chance to buy some groceries but I noticed a soda machine in the hallway outside my door. That will have to do to quench my thirst until I can get to the store and get some food and drinks. I quickly wrapped a towel around my waist for modesty’s sake and took some change with me. As I put the coins in the machine, I heard some movement behind me. It sounded like someone was coming around the corner at a good clip. I turned around just in time to get knocked on my ass.
“Dammit, I am so sorry.” Now there is a voice I recognize and love. She was obviously too busy picking up her spilled groceries to have looked over at the person she knocked over. I slowly got up and secured the towel around my waist.
“Apology accepted Mikayla. Do you need a hand with those?” She literally froze in mid motion crouching down with an apple in hand. I could feel her eyes slowly work their way up. By the time we made eye contact, her face was flush. 
“Should I write this date down as the first time you have been at a loss for words?” Yup, that did it. She was on her feet and standing in the blink of an eye.
“You are the most annoying man I have ever met.” 
“Wow, that was mature. Is annoying the best you can do?”
“Mature? You are calling me out on that? That’s rich from someone who is standing in the middle of the hallway in nothing but a towel showing off a six pack.”
“Nice of you to have noticed. I work hard for my six pack; in fact I just got back from the gym where I worked up quite an appetite.” The double meaning was not lost on her based on the ‘if looks could kill’ stare she zeroed in on me.
“It’s hard not to notice when you’re prancing around in your birthday suit.” Now that was uncalled for, I am wearing a towel after all.
“I am pretty sure that I do not prance. I think swaggering is much more masculine.”
“Oh, you definitely don’t have to worry about your masculinity.” Well, I like the sound of that. I moved a little closer as she took a step back for every step forward that I took. She did not have far to go considering the close confines of the hallway. Her breath escaped as her back made contact with the wall. She put her hands on my chest as if to push me back but there was no strength behind the movement as her hands stayed in place. She nervously licked her full lips...oh man, she better cut that out or I won’t be held responsible for my actions.
I leaned forward bypassing her lips to whisper in her ear “I’ll ask again, do you want some help with the groceries?” As I asked the question, I could not help but tuck a stray strand of her hair behind her ear and felt her shiver. Yeah, there is definitely some chemistry and it’s not one sided.
“No thanks, I can manage.” She said it and dodged to the side to finish picking up her produce. I must have really rattled her if she’s not throwing out witty comments or more to the point insults. As fun as this is, it’s time to bring out the sharp tongued kitten again. I don’t want to scare her away.
“Had I known you were planning on cooking me supper, I would not have invited you out. I much prefer a homemade meal made by a beautiful woman. Should I throw on a pair of pants or is this a come as you are type of invitation?” 
“You can just take your towel covered butt back to your apartment. I have no intention of cooking you a meal anytime soon!” Me-ow...break out the milk saucer. I love it when her claws come out but I wonder if I could also get her to purr in contentment at some point. That is definitely going on my to-do list with Mikayla.
“No worries, I can cook the meal at my apartment and you are welcome to come in any state of undress.” I grabbed one of the bags which she had angrily been filling with the spilled groceries as she grabbed the other bag. She just rolled her eyes at my comment.
“I said I could manage on my own. I have been managing on my own for a long time.” She made her way to her door which was conveniently located across the hall from mine. Once again I thank Jacobson’s for having co-ed residences and however was responsible for assigning us our apartments.
“Maybe that’s the problem. A little more company may give you a happier disposition. I would be more than happy to oblige.” It’s a good thing that the produce was back in the bag because I think she was tempted to through a few choice items at me.
“I’m sure you would. Go find the blonde bombshell; I’m sure her disposition would be to your liking.” With that she grabbed the bag I was holding, stepped into her apartment, and curtly slammed the door in my face. Towel in place, I headed back to the apartment to dress and cook the only thing I had on hand...a frozen pizza. I guess company will have to wait; besides I have a recommendation to draft for the new testing schedule.
*****
Chapter 5
Dream filled sleep is definitely not restful. After my encounter with Brian yesterday, my night was filled with a certain firm muscled body, clad in a small white towel...and without. Crap! In my line of work I am often surrounded by handsome and fit men without even giving them a second look. I admit it, but only to myself, for some reason Brian’s body just flat does it for me. 
Karen was due to come by any minute so we could head out to the Café for breakfast. As we talked yesterday, I found out she was working as an Administrative Assistant in the Finance Department; so we will be working in the same building which we were both pleased about. Her ears must have been burning as I heard a knock at the door.
“Good morning Mikayla, sleep well?” Hell no!
“Sure did, how about you?” She seemed perky and ready to go. If she wasn’t so nice I would hate her just for being a morning person.
“Like a baby. Do you need a few minutes or are you good to go?” There’s another quality that tips the scale in her favour, she did not beat around the bush.
“Come on in and make yourself comfortable. I just need to get my things together.” I went to the bedroom to put my bag together when I thought I heard Karen speaking to someone. Maybe she’s on her cell phone; whoever it is they have her giggling like a school girl.
“Aren’t you a sweetheart! I’m sure she’ll be okay with your joining us at the Café for breakfast.” Okay, I don’t think that’s a telephone conversation. At that moment, I heard the deep rich chuckle that haunted my dreams. You have got to be kidding me! I haven’t even had my first cup of coffee yet. It is definitely too early to spar with him.
“I appreciate the invite Karen, it’s really good of you to offer but after yesterday, I’m not so sure Mikayla will appreciate my joining you.” He’s got that right.
“Good morning Brian, you really can’t help yourself can you? Is it a special gene that enables you to flirt and capture every woman’s attention within ear shot?” Or within their line of sight for that matter.
“Good morning kitten.” Yup that charming smile was in place and turned on full wattage. “Does that mean I have your attention too?” You wish buddy.
“Cut it out with the Kitten stuff and what are you doing here?” Karen answered for him. 
“He thought it would be nice to invite you to breakfast, this only being your second day here. How sweet is that? Now that’s a gentleman; so rare nowadays if I do say so myself. When I told him we already had plans to go I invited him to join us.” She was way too proud of herself at the moment.
“Trust me Karen he is no knight in shining armour.”
“Actually, you may be right about the knight bit but I do wear armour at times in my line of work. Shall we head out to the Café ladies?”
“Thanks but Karen and I already have plans to do a girls morning thing.” Karen was obviously frustrated with my rude response.
“Mikayla, can I talk to you for a minute in your bedroom?” As I reluctantly followed her to the bedroom, I yearned for a coffee before we got into this conversation. I had just enough time to glare at Brian as he had the audacity to wink at me before I entered the room. He obviously knew Karen was about to take his side in the upcoming conversation.
“Girl, what is your problem? A gorgeous man shows up first thing in the morning to take you to breakfast and you practically bite his head off?”
“Karen, you don’t understand. He is the most infuriating man I have ever met. He drives me crazy!” He is also the hottest but she definitely didn’t need to know about the towel incident or the crazy dreams I had about him last night.
“Who cares! Most women would kill to be with a man like that. He actually wants to spend time with you and you act like it’s a travesty. You may as well join a nunnery if he doesn’t do it for you because it doesn’t get much better than him. Get a grip and enjoy the attention or I may take a run at him.” 
“Don’t you dare!” 
Holy cow, where did that come from? I was actually pissed at the thought of her spending one on one time with Brian. She once again had goaded me into admitting how I felt. Her smile said it all; she manipulated me into reacting emotionally before thinking it through. Damn she is good.
“I knew you were arguing a bit too much! You know the saying: She doth protest too much? You really are into him aren’t you? This is so exiting; you’re here one day and you already have someone. I, on the other hand, have not had your good fortune but I am a patient person.”
“I’m not sure this qualifies as good fortune. He drives me nuts. He’s got the biggest ego and chases anything in a skirt.”
“We talked about this yesterday and I’m not so sure about that. He got rid of Sherri fairly quickly and although we were joking around a few minutes ago, once you walked in the room, his focus was solely on you. You go for it and have a little fun! Your brother isn’t around to give him the first degree. Although somehow I don’t think that would dissuade Brian in the least. Actually that just might up the challenge factor. Based on what you told me about your brother, that sounds like it would be an entertaining match up. In the meantime, I will be relegated to living vicariously through you while you and Brian figure this attraction out.  So that means I want every detail.” Wouldn’t she like to know that he makes a white towel look freaking amazing!
“I’m afraid you may have to get a life of your own since I don’t anticipate having much to share.”
“You could if you loosen up a little. Let’s start by letting that gorgeous hunk in your living room join us for breakfast.” Greaaaat, this is a wonderful start to the day and all this without a hit of caffeine; may as well just put me out of my misery now.
We walked back to the living room where Brian was sitting on the couch; his long legs sprawled in front of him. “So, will you lovely ladies allow me the pleasure of buying you breakfast?” He is as suave as ever, although he was looking at me for confirmation and not Karen. Probably because she was looking at him like a star struck teenager so there was no question that she would follow him to the Café. Besides, she had as much as said yes before I came in the room.
Karen looked at me pleadingly so I caved and resigned myself to the next painful hour. “How could we refuse a free meal?” There, that’s the best he was going to get this early in the morning. He did not miss a beat as he open the door and bowed with a sweeping gesture.
“My ladies.” As far as eye rolls go, I think mine was worthy of an award.
“It takes more than a bow to be a knight.” With his head still lowered, he took my hand and kissed the top. His thumb rubbed the inner part of my wrist as he looked up with a mischievous smile in place.
“I shall endeavour to court thee in a knightly fashion, my lady.” Okay, we’re definitely getting to cheesy mode in a hurry although I have to admit, being courted sounded intriguing. Just as I finished that thought, Brian stood to let us through as Karen took the opportunity to lean in and whisper in my ear.
“Mikayla, you cannot tell me that you are not interested in this guy. He basically said he wanted you and was going to pursue you. Tell me that does not turn you on, especially coming from that nicely built package?”
“Be quiet or he’ll hear you. Let’s just get breakfast over with and get to work.”
“Alright, alright, have it your way but I was just thinking, didn’t guys just take what they wanted in medieval times?” With a small sigh she continued. “He could take me anytime, anywhere.” Okay that’s enough of that as I whispered back.
“You want him, you can have him.” Even as I said it, the voice in my head yelled no.
“Thanks sweetie but I don’t think he’s interested in me and I know you don’t mean that. I will however enjoy watching him court you. Maybe he has a brother?” With that we made our way to the Café all the while wondering how I was going to get through the meal.
*****
Chapter 6
Karen filled the walk to the Café with some small talk about her first impressions of Jacobson Technologies and the facility. Thank goodness because I was not in a chatty mood this early in the morning. I guess it showed since Brian and Karen did not seem to expect any comments on my part. As we approached the Café, once again Brian opened the door for us but this time it seemed to be an automatic response versus the grand gesture when leaving my apartment. There was no “My ladies” comment or bow; he actually seemed more serious than I had ever seen him. Whatever, it’s none of my concern and the waitress was making her way to our little group.
“Good morning, for three?” Of course, her smile was directed at Brian as she asked the question.
“Yes mam, is there a table available?” So much for the serious mood that was there a few seconds ago; this is Brian in full charm mode.
“For you handsome, of course.” Karen and I looked at each other as she stuck her finger in her mouth mimicking a “make me puke” motion. I had to smile at that as she leaned in to whisper.
“Do you ever feel like you are invisible?” Not usually, but when Brian is around other women, it seems to be the norm. I’ve had enough of this. As I squinted at her name tag and looped my arm in Brian’s for all intents and purposes staking my claim on him as I tried to act non-chalant.
“Well that’s great Becca, because I didn’t get much sleep last night and I am in dire need of caffeine, if you know what I mean.” Becca did not miss the look I gave Brian and the insinuation I made about last night’s activities. I could hear Karen giggle behind me and wondered how I was going to explain my way out of this one. Brian was staring at me with a questioning look.
“Sure, please follow me and I will get you some coffees all around.” She sat us at a corner booth where I sat on one side and Karen chose to sit on the other...no doubt on purpose. On cue, Brian chose to sit next to me and Karen’s Cheshire grin confirmed that was her plan. No fair...they shouldn’t be allowed to gang up on me this early while I am suffering from caffeine withdrawal.
“What was that all about?” Brian was quick to ask. I raised my finger to communicate for him to wait a minute. Becca was true to her word and brought a round of coffees and menus. I took a few big gulps and turned to Brian.
“I don’t appreciate being ignored and made to watch women drool over you, it’s insulting.”
“So you decide to insinuate that we had a great night of sex?” Not one of my better plans but effective none the less.
“I didn’t say great sex but rather an exhausting evening. Besides it seemed to do the trick since Becca realized Karen and I were alive and standing next to you.” 
“Trust me sweetheart, it would have been great and we would still be in bed, not sitting in a Café at this early hour... unless you are into public displays.” A picture flashed through my mind that was so completely inappropriate. Brian must have picked up on my line of thought.
“Are you into public displays?” Not bloody likely but the look of shock and intrigue on his face was priceless. 
“Of course not, don’t be an idiot. We better look at our menus and decide what we want. We all have to get to orientation.” We scanned the short list of options for breakfast all the while I noticed Karen trying to catch my eye across the table. I ignored her attempts at getting my attention and was rewarded with a kick to the shin under the table for my efforts. I gave her a look that told her I would get her back for that as she mouthed the words “Go for it”. I tried to kick her but she moved her legs out of the way, smart girl, and good reflexes.
“Are you ready to order?” I guess my little show only dissuaded Becca temporarily as her attention was once again on Brian pen poised to take his order first.
“I will have bacon, eggs over easy and toast and a tall glass of orange juice.” I was obviously not her favourite person as she moved on to take Karen’s order next.
“I would like pancakes, a cup of fruit and a small apple juice.” She finally turned to me and begrudgingly asked for my order.
“I will have two scrambled eggs, bacon, toast, home fries, pancakes, a cup of fruit and an IV for the coffee.” I smiled sweetly as she took the menu and snorted. Maybe I should let her boss know how unprofessional Becca was behaving. Who snorts at the order of a paying customer?
“Well I did tell you that I was occupied last night. What can I say; I worked up quite an appetite.” She zeroed in on the hand I had placed on Brian’s thigh as I gave a little squeeze to send the message home. Becca seemed upset and returned to the kitchen to put in our order. I guess we won’t be the best of friends anytime soon. Hopefully she doesn’t spit in my eggs. Karen openly laughed and Brian was looking at me with a stunned face.
“Since I know for a fact that you did not burn that many calories last night, where do you put it all? Because you sure don’t look like you eat as much as a trucker.” His glanced went to his thigh where my hand was still resting. I quickly put my hand on the table as our gazes locked.
“What makes you so sure that I was not busy last night, you weren’t there? Besides, breakfast is the most important meal of the day and I work out a lot so I can enjoy my meals. Does the amount of food I eat offend you?”
“Any woman who can eat that much and look like you is a complete turn on. I won’t have to hear you whine about calories and I get to enjoy watching you eat.” Interesting, I guess he doesn’t care for the high maintenance bimbettes after all. Maybe I underestimated him although I’m surprised that he didn’t comment on my alluding to being with someone else last night. 
“As for being busy with someone else other than me last night, I don’t think so.” I thought to soon. Arrogant much?
“What makes you so confident that I didn’t meet someone more to my tastes than the likes of you?”
“For one, we just got here and most of that time we were in each other’s company which leaves you very little chance to get to know someone else. You don’t strike me as the type to just jump in the sack with a stranger and I don’t think many guys could take the blows to their egos that you tend to throw at us.” Well, he put me in my place.
“You’re right on the ‘jumping in the sack with a stranger’ bit.” He scored points on that one. “I only throw blows to over inflated egos and since I am not easy, what makes you think I’ll jump in the sack with you?”
“Sometimes the best laid out plans go out the window when you meet the right person.”
“I’ll let you know if that’s true when I meet the right person.” 
“Touché, I guess I have some work to do.” Becca arrived with our meals and quickly placed them in front of us. There was no flirting or eyelash fluttering in Brian’s direction this time. We all dug in and the rest of the meal was a little more relaxed as we talked about the upcoming week and Karen joined in on the conversation.
“I wonder what our bosses will be like.” Good question but I don’t plan to be here long enough to care. Still I have to play along.
“It’s my understanding that Jacobson’s is very cautious and only hires the best in their respective fields so hopefully they are competent and fair.” Karen jumped in as soon as I finished the sentence.
“I guess that means we’re the best at what we do.” They obviously interpreted my comment the same way. Brian burst into a sexy laugh and Karen chuckled.
“I guess I’m not the only one with an ego sweetheart.” Okay, my earlier statement did not quite come out the way I had intended and he has got to stop it with the terms of endearment.
“Although, I’m sure we’re all competent at what we do, I meant that the Managers should be top notch.” Karen and I talked about the location of the building we would be working in. 
“Do you know what you are working on following orientation, Brian?” You go girl! Ask those inquisitive and pertinent questions for me.
“I could tell you but then I’d have to kill you.” Oh brother, way too corny but interesting none the less as I may need his help to access some areas of the facility. Maybe I should cut him some slack but I’m scared of what would happen if I give him an inch. My self control doesn’t seem to have a filter when it comes to him. Karen’s interest was certainly peaked so I let her bombard him with questions as I took in his comments.
“So will you be working in some of those top secret buildings that aren’t even named on the map?” So she noticed that too. I knew she was a smart cookie. Maybe a little too smart as she seems to read me like an open book; definitely not a good thing when you are undercover. Brian was still a little vague but answered none the less.
“In some, my job requires that I test some of the products in different settings for safety reasons. Depending on the product, I put it through various quality and safety scenarios and provide results and recommendations.”
“Do you know what you’ll be working on in the coming days?” Good job Karen, keep those questions coming.
“I actually met with my boss yesterday after orientation and he asked me to put together a proposal for testing recommendations on a particular product by end of day today. I made arrangements to get the information on the second day of orientation so I won’t have the pleasure of your ladies presence today. The priorities dictate that I focus on this document during work time.” The look he gave me clearly indicated that his time outside of work was going to be dedicated to his pursuit of more leisurely activities. At least I won’t have to sit next to him during orientation.
“Wow, sounds like you have your day already booked. I don’t even know what to expect when I start but I figure it will be the typical administrative duties. What about you Mikayla?” Shoot, I was hoping she would ask Brian more questions.
“Same old same old, as a Business Analyst I basically crunch data and make recommendations to improve the business. Different company, same responsibilities, it’s probably a lot like your administrative position.” It’s not quite the same since I need to understand the workings of the company and who might be betraying Jacobson’s by selling top secret information to the bad guys. Becca was making her way over with the bill. Brian took it and pulled out his wallet.
“How much do we owe you?” He certainly doesn’t have to pay for Karen and mine’s breakfast.
“I’ve got this one. We can take turns since Karen, you don’t strike me as the ‘eating alone’ type and Mikayla, I doubt very much that you would take the time to make yourself such a big breakfast every morning. With that insatiable appetite of yours, Karen and I will need to make sure that you take care of yourself, especially if you do start burning calories in the evenings.” He actually had the gall to wink at me again. I didn’t even get a chance to comment before he continued.
“If we don’t get a chance to chat today, I will meet you both at Mikayla’s apartment tomorrow morning at the same time. It has truly been a pleasure ladies.” He took Karen’s hand and kissed the top with a slight bow of his head. Karen was all smiles and started blushing enjoying the attention. 
“You are a charmer aren’t you Brian?” Well at least Karen wasn’t so tongue tied that she couldn’t speak.
“Only with deserving women such as yourselves.” As he turned to me, I put my hands in my lap so he would not try to kiss my hand again. He obviously noticed and his mischievous smile was firmly in place. Uh oh, maybe putting my hands in my lap was a mistake considering what the alternative might be.
“Lady Mikayla, it has truly been a pleasure getting to know you, your enchanting joy for food and witty repartee.” He leaned in as I cleared my throat, nerves getting the best of me. I could see Karen looking intently at the exchange with an encouraging smile.
“I look forward to the time that we shall meet again.” He leaned in softly tucked a strand of my hair behind my ear. His mouth was almost touching mine when he whispered “hopefully sooner than tomorrow morning” and then brushed a light kiss on my cheek. He stood, smiled and turned to leave. We both watched him walk away as did a few other customers and staff at the Café. What can I say, he has a nice walk.
“Mikayla, you guys are so hot together. You can feel the tension when you’re together.” What the hell is she talking about? Her radar is definitely off if she is feeling sexual tension between Brian and me. At least, I hope that’s the case because if not, I am in so much trouble.    
“Only if you define not getting along as hot.”
“You can feel the tension in the air and it is not anger sweetie. When you guys get together, it is going to be hot and heavy.” Again images of Brian and I flashed through my mind at the most inappropriate moment.
“It’s all over your face Mikayla. Why are you fighting it?” Why am I fighting it? Because, Brian was right, my high morals do not include casual sex. My experience is limited as I have only had two serious relationships. My job is not conducive to the white picket fence picture, although, I’m rethinking my priorities on that one. I am not getting any younger and some of these assignments are getting less and less satisfying. I have to admit that this assignment is actually invigorating but not for work related reasons. I just shook my head not really knowing what to say to Karen.
“We better get going or we’ll be late.” As we left the Café, I made sure to smile and wave at Becca on the way out. She did not return the gesture.
*****
Chapter 7
“Welcome to Jacobson Technologies’ Finance Department.” Our new Manager seemed good as far as first impressions go. 
“Thank you very much for such a great opportunity, sir.” I was hoping that she would have had a fatal accident but no such luck. I would recognize that annoying voice anywhere. Sherri the blond bombshell with blood red nails piped up as she came to stand beside me.
“You’re more than welcome Sherri, the four of you were selected for the skill set you can bring to the organization.” Yeah right, I wonder what kind of assets Sherri brings to the table. The fact that our manager didn’t even give Sherri a second glance brought him up a notch in my book. He was professional and courteous even when faced with the blonde flirt. 
“Watch it Mikayla, your claws are showing.” Karen’s whispered statement showed that she was an astute judge of character. I hated phonies like Sherri. It has nothing to do with her amazing looks but the fact that she uses them to get what she wants. I leaned over and whispered back.
“She’s the one with the claws but for the sake of a happy work environment, I will try to play nice.” Thank God, I will only have to suffer through that for a few weeks.
“Jim, you will be sitting with the Accounting team in the West wing of the building on the third floor. Sherri, your office space is with the Payroll Department on the second floor. The Administrative Assistant for each of your floors is expecting you. Mikayla and Karen, you can follow me to the fourth floor where Analysts and Management are located.” Good to know there’s a few floors between Sherri and me.  Karl, our Manager, guided us to a separate elevator down the nicely decorated hall.
“How were your first few days?” Typical fill in the silence chit chat. Karen piped up first.
“Great! Orientation was very informative. Although, I had obviously read up on Jacobson Technologies, it does not prepare you for the sheer size of the facility and spectrum of services.” I guess it’s my turn to play nice.
“I agree, barring a minor interruption from a late arrival on the first day, the information provided was very comprehensive. I am looking forward to receiving an even more in-depth understanding of the business.” Well, that was the truth since I need to figure out who may be involved in the sale of a top secret prototype. At least I didn’t have to deal with Brian during the second day of Orientation. He did join Karen and me for breakfast but it was less tense and more of a casual conversation. I have to admit I actually enjoyed it. Brian seemed more like the guy next door than the Greatest Gift to women persona. It makes me nervous that this may be the calm before the storm as he has made it perfectly clear that he was going to pursue me. Maybe he has given up because of my constant put downs. I’m not sure I want him to give up so easily. I miss the interest and attention he expressed towards me, although misplaced, it was flattering. Time to focus on work as my boss started talking.
“Well I am glad to have both of you on board. New employees always bring a new dynamic to the team and provide a fresh outlook.” He led us down a hallway, introducing us to others as we went. 
“Mikayla, this is your office.” Not bad as far as offices go. There was a window that overlooked the woods, a nice desk that was equipped with the latest laptop. “You should be all set to get started. Your login information is in the file on your desk as well as some reading material on a few products that we are looking to market. 
“Thank you sir, I will get right on that. Good luck Karen, we can meet up at around noon for lunch if that is okay with you?” Our boss beat Karen to the punch.
“Actually, it would be my pleasure to take you both to lunch. The Senior Manager of each floor usually takes the new staff to lunch their first day on the job.” Although he was addressing both of us, his eyes were on Karen. I’m not sure that’s a good thing considering she is his Administrative Assistant. Karen seemed oblivious to the attention.
“Oh, that’s so nice. Don’t you get annoyed getting peppered with questions by the newbies during lunches?”
“We don’t get that many ‘newbies’ as you put it so this is actually a treat. It would be my pleasure to answer any questions both of you may have.” Well, he doesn’t know what he is getting into because I have a lot of questions and Karen is no slouch in that department either.
“We certainly appreciate the invitation and look forward to learning as much as we can about Jacobson. Shall we meet at your office at noon?” At least that will give me some time to do a little research and prepare a mental list of questions that can help me in my investigation.
“Sounds good. Welcome once again to Jacobson’s and let me know if you need anything else Mikayla. Karen you can follow me down the hall and I will show you to your office.” As Karen went ahead, Karl placed a hand on her lower back. She turned and smiled at him as he gazed back at her. I hope she uses her head on this one instead of her heart or desires because it could cost her her job. Objectively, Karl is a little older but very handsome. He wasn’t wearing a wedding ring so I’ll assume he is not a cheating bastard but it is a little sleazy if he is hitting on his assistant her first day on the job.
Okay, back to the task at hand. I reviewed the information on the potential products that will be going to market. Nothing of real interest, just some generic safety gear but no weapons or technology that could result in the kind of chatter the CIA has heard about. I guess some more questions and snooping will be required.
True to his word, Karl took Karen and me out for lunch at the little Italian restaurant. We had only been to the Café over the last few days so this was a nice change. It was a little higher end dining and the menu had a variety of mouth-watering choices. The waiter made his way to our table to take our orders.
“Please go ahead ladies, select anything you would like.” If he’s paying, you bet I’ll select what I would like. Big breakfasts are not the only meals I can put back. I nodded at Karen to go ahead and order first.
“I’ll start with a minestrone soup and a half order of Fettuccini Alfredo with chicken and mushrooms and a diet Coke.” Although that sounded yummy, I had something else in mind. 
“I’ll also start with a minestrone soup followed by garlic cheese bread, a Caesar salad, a full order of Chicken broccoli penne with the creamy white wine sauce and a Perrier.” As I looked up from my menu, I had all eyes on me including the waiter’s who seemed to have stopped writing my order half way through. Karen was covering a smile and Karl was the first to pipe up.
“Well if that’s what it takes to fuel that mind of yours and produce results, I am glad to see you have a healthy appetite. I have to admit if I ate that large a meal at lunchtime, I would be napping by 2PM.” At that he turned to the waiter and placed his order.
“I will have the Caesar salad, a half order of lasagna and a diet Coke.” Jeez is everyone on a diet. I hope that we will have time for desert. I guess I’m fortunate to be blessed with a good metabolism, not to mention a kick ass workout regimen that allows me to indulge in food. I may as well get started on the questions and hope that Karen’s natural curiosity pitches in to help.
“So Mr. Nelson, what can you tell us about Jacobson’s that isn’t in the employee handbook.” May as well start generic and see where the conversation goes.
“Please, call me Karl. Jacobson’s is a great company to work for. As you can see by the facility, there are a lot of perks for those who decide to join the Company. I admit it is not always easy on the social side as we are limited to the facility when in the middle of a sensitive project and only in extreme circumstances can those employees leave the facility.” 
“Has anyone left for extreme circumstances during your stay with Jacobson’s?” That information might come in handy if I need to make a speedy escape or if someone wanted to contact potential buyers.
“Only one person that I am aware of in the last 2 years has left the facility while working on a highly sensitive project. We have a medical facility but we are not fully equipped to deal with complex surgeries. Although, personal medical information and personnel files are confidential, it spread like wildfire when Tom, one of the engineers, was airlifted to the Hospital. As you can imagine, that was the talk of the ‘town’ when it happen.”
“Was he able to return to Jacobson’s following his surgery?” I may have to look a little closer into this Tom fellow if he is still employed here. Anyone with outside contact over the last year is a suspect.
“Yes, he was only here a few months when he had the surgery. He came back a month later to pick up where he left off in the Engineering Department. That happened a little less than a year ago.” The timing coincides with the early stages of the chatter. It may be nothing but it is worth a little digging. As I was processing this information, trustworthy Karen piped up and asked some questions of her own.
“So what can you tell us about those mysterious buildings that aren’t on our orientation map?” I could kiss her for her inquisitive mind.
“I wish I could tell you but those buildings are a mystery to most of us. The standard line is that the development and testing of various military weapons and armour is done in those facilities. The Department of Defence is one of our biggest clients.” Well that confirms that I need to play nice with Brian since he will likely be spending some time in those buildings. Karen went back to asking some questions around the social aspect of living on the facility.
“So, Karl, what do a couple of women do to have fun around here when they’re not working?” I believe I detected a little flirt in her voice. We definitely need to have a chat about getting it on with the boss.
“Well there are some nice trails if you are into walking or jogging, a gym and spa as well as a few clubs. A number of employees go to the club to unwind after the workday. The Lasso is my personal favourite.” 
Lunch was quickly coming to an end and I didn’t get much on the useful information front. As Karl paid the restaurant bill, I felt a little guilty about the amount of food I had ordered. I was able to get a desert but since Karl and Karen had declined the waiter’s offer, I decided to take mine to go. My guilt was alleviated when he mentioned it was on the company.
“Well ladies, since I know there is a lot of work waiting for us back at the office, we should get back to it.” We made our way to our respective offices and I thanked my lucky stars that Sherri and her senior manager must have made their way to one of the other restaurants.
Back at the office, I continued my research and decided to go work off my meal at the gym and then treat myself to a massage if I can get a last minute appointment.
*****
Chapter 8
It had been a brutal session at the gym and my muscles were begging for some relief. The battle scar running up my inner right thigh throbbed where some permanent muscle damage had occurred thanks to the memorable knife fight on my last assignment. I had been lucky enough to get a last minute appointment for a massage. It had been a rough emotional few days; always being on guard to keep my cover and verbally sparring with Brian had taken its toll not to mention being extra careful around Karen; she could have made career as an interrogator. I stepped into the massage room and removed my clothing each muscle seeming to scream in protest. I lied down on the massage table face down and placed the sheet over my lower body and relaxed while waiting for the massage therapist that was on staff.
I must have dozed off for a few minutes and was pleasantly awoken by warm hands massaging my back. Nice strong strokes helped ease the tension and relax my muscles. I was glad that the massage therapist was not the chatty type because I don’t think I could have put together a coherent sentence of any kind at this point. Standing at my head his hands worked their way from my neck and shoulders, down my back and back up my sides. He repeated the motion a few times as I felt my whole body relax. On the last downward stroke his hands made their way to my lower back just under the sheet. My body tensed at the possibility that his hands may continue their journey downward but at the same time it felt absolutely amazing. His hands made their way back up as he pulled the sheet to cover my back. I heard him lather more lotion on his hands before moving to the end of the massage table. I made a mental note to get his name and schedule another appointment. He lifted the sheet off one leg so that it was completely exposed and came dangerously close to exposing a more intimate location. I tensed slightly once again. He started rubbing my foot, the brief discomfort melting into oblivion. I chalked my nerves up to not being used to having a man’s hands on me…now there is a sad statement. His hands slowly made their way up my calf kneading the muscle in a slow back and forth motion before moving to my thigh. He worked the muscle in my thighs, his fingers so close to my barely covered intimate areas, it gave me shivers. I almost asked if this was the normal massage as I had expected no more than a typical back massage but it felt so good I did not want to break the spell I was under with any conversation. Those wonderful hands replaced the sheet only to repeat the same mesmerizing movements on my other leg. A little self conscience, I flinched when his hand seemed to linger on the scar found on my inner thigh. When he moved to the side of the bed I thought he was going to tell me the massage was finished but to my surprise his hands went under the sheet to massage my lower back and then lower still. I couldn’t stop my gasp which sounded more like a moan even to my ears. As he made his way slightly back up my back, I heard him whisper “Just relax” and nothing more was said as his fingers lightly ran back down my lower back to stop for a few seconds before sliding lower still. His hands massaged my ass and for the life of me I never felt so aroused in my life. I don’t have much experience with massages but if this is what they call a full body massage, sign me up for life! A part of me kept thinking this was wrong in so many ways while the other side of we me saying shut up and enjoy! I went with the second option.
Too soon his hands retreated as I felt him take hold of the sheet on one side and lift it slightly, just enough for me to turn around and lay on my back. As he whispered the order to turn around, I thanked God that this was not quite the end. Eyes closed so as to not wake up just in case this was a dream; I turned the rest of the way on my back, sheet firmly in place. I heard him make his way to the top of the massage table as he gently cupped my face with strong hands and started massaging my face in small circular motions, his thumb gently running over my lips. I caught my breath as he slowly repeated the sensuous touch. Before I could register the change he then moved on to my scalp, gently playing in my hair. He gave it a slight tug and the sensation had me gasping. I had never had my hair gripped in that way and it surprised me how much I loved it. I felt an arousing tingle through my body straight down to my toes as I let out a little moan. He must have heard me as his hands grasped more hair and tugged a little harder one last time before moving to my shoulders. I could not stop the moan that escaped my lips as the sensations were almost overwhelming. Those unbelievable hands ran down my arms to come back to my shoulders and work their way down the front, stopping short when they met the edge of the sheet covering the swell of my breasts. My nipples hardened and I felt my face flush. I knew the light sheet would not hide my reaction to the sensual massage. Relieved that he did not comment on my arousal, I felt him make his way to the other end of the table.  The sheet was slowly raised to expose both legs; once again barely covering more intimate areas. This time he massaged both legs using one large hand on each leg and making his way up to the edge of the flimsy sheet. I should have called a stop to the massage but I had never felt this aroused in my life, granted my experience in that department is limited but this felt amazing and technically, no lines had been crossed. His thumbs were on my inner thighs making sensual circles and I could feel myself getting wet and wondered if he could tell. It took everything I had not to squirm as I felt the pressure building with his hands so close and continuing the circular motion. I realized that small moans were escaping from my lips as well as a few involuntary hip motions almost begging him to touch me. I had never been so brazen but then again nobody had ever given me a massage like this! I could die happy, or at least give me a few more minutes and I would be good to meet my maker.
Before I even got my runaway hips under control, I realized that the hands were no longer on my thighs and the sheet was in place, my legs covered. I couldn’t hear anything so I thought he had left me to get dressed which suited me just fine considering my unexpected reaction. My body was still humming with sensation. I slowly opened my eyes and turned my head to the side only to see washboard abs over a pair of jeans. The top button was undone and was barely covering a rather large bulge. My eyes slowly made their way up the sculpted statue of a man to finally make eye contact. The twinkle in Brian’s eyes and arrogant smirk said it all. I sat up remembering to hold the sheet at the last second. “What are you doing here?”
“I was scheduled for this time slot so when I saw you lying there I figured I would at least make sure you got your money’s worth. I have to admit that the opportunity to lay my hands on you and make you moan was a motivator for me as well. I’m no expert but I think you enjoyed it. I know I did. Hearing you moan was worth it.” So much for the guy next door persona; he is enjoying my discomfort way too much.
“You arrogant bastard, you did not make me moan!” I am so going to hell for that lie but I would never admit that to him. “Where is the massage therapist?”
“You seemed to be dozing when I came in so I stepped out long enough to let him know his services would not be needed. How did you get that scar on your thigh?”
“None of your goddam business! Get out of here!”
“No problem, I think you need a cold shower anyways.”
“I could say the same about you” as I pointedly looked down at the bulge visible in his jeans.
“I won’t argue with you on that, unless you have a better idea on alleviating my condition.” Looking down at his own predicament with that sexy smirk, there was no shyness on his part. I on the other hand, was probably fire engine red. As he started for the door, I thought my humiliation was over for the moment but he had to make a parting shot. 
“So is that a no to joining me for that cold shower?” He just made it out the door when the bottle of lotion I hurled at him hit the wood next to where his head had been. I could hear him chuckle on the other side as he walked away. He is lucky I was in a state of undress because I had a few more choice words for him; that and I needed to get my physical reactions under control. Even after our exchange, my legs were still too shaky to stand.
*****
Chapter 9
The image of naked flesh kept flashing in my mind and did nothing to alleviate my arousal. Whoever said a cold shower would put a damper on the ache in my groin had never had their hands on the likes of Mikayla. What started out as a joke to get under her skin by replacing the massage therapist quickly got out of control when I laid my hands on her sleek body. Her little moans and involuntary hip movements would turn on a turnip. It is probably not the best idea to be messing with a co-worker but she is so easy to get riled up and I get a kick out of seeing the anger flare in her blue eyes. I can’t help but chuckle at the memory of the bottle hitting the door. Man was she pissed and I loved being the cause of it. I hope I get the chance to incite that combination of arousal and anger in her...soon. On second thought, bad idea; for some reason she gets under my skin and my thoughts tend to think future versus roll in the hay. 
Enough on that line of thought, it’s time to get back to the present. I need to finish this ineffective cold shower and get ready to head out to the bar. Maybe it will change the images of oil slicked naked skin running through my mind. The down time will do me some good and a little dancing with a beautiful lady couldn’t hurt either. The facility has two bars and the guys decided to hit the country style bar called the Lasso, not original but appropriate. The other club boasts of techno music and promised that your head would still be pounding hours after closing time. Although techno music would drown out any possible thoughts, I much prefer the more relaxed environment of the Lasso where you can nurse a beer and hear yourself think. Some of the guys are quite entertaining and it should prove to make for a fun evening. I may as well dress for the occasion with a pair of faded jeans, a comfortable shirt and my trustee old cowboy boots. A hat would complete the outfit but is a little over the top for this evening so the boots will have to do. 
The Lasso was crowded even at this early hour. A sea of cowboy hats as far as the eye could see, so much for over the top. I guess a lot of employees wanted to let loose on Friday night and start the weekend off with a bang. I spotted Greg, Jessie and Dan waving me over to their corner table. They must have been here for some time to snag that prime piece of real estate. I nodded and headed to the bar for a beer before making my way through the crowd to join them. Jessie was a little shy but seemed to be a nice enough guy. Greg, now there was an easy going guy who liked to party and was never short on over sharing his exploits. Dan was somewhere in the middle. Not as shy as Jessie but he let loose with a dose of dry wit that came out of nowhere and made you re-evaluate his quiet demeanour. All in all a good mix of guys to drink a few beers with and share a few laughs. True to his nature Greg was chatting it up detailing his latest adventure with the opposite sex.
“She was begging me for...” Greg abruptly stopped his gloating and seemed fixated on the club entrance. I turned to see two women make their way to the bar as they quickly noticed there was not an available table to be had. 
Greg wasted no time; “I believe those ladies are in need of rescuing” said in his best impression of John Wayne.
Before I could stop him he was headed toward the short brunette and dark haired blue eyed familiar beauty. Ah crap, Mikayla had decided to join in the festivities this evening. Out of sight out of mind was now out of the question. Then again, seeing the look in her eyes when she spotted me as she and Karen followed Greg back to our table was priceless. She may actually turn tail and run. The look was a mix of shock, anger and I believe I detected a little flash of a challenge. I take it back, no way was she going to turn her stubborn tail and run. She was going to face this head on. That definitely works for me. If I am going to be in a constant state of arousal I might as well get a rise out of her too, no pun intended, and have some fun at her expense. Greg did some quick introductions and before Mikayala could jump in with an insult, I got the conversation started.
“Well if it isn’t my favourite client Mikayla Kenzie.” I said it just loud enough for the table and perhaps a few others to hear but only Mikayla would get the meaning. 
She chose to ignore my reference to the afternoon massage; no big surprise there. Karen however turned a questioning look on Mikayla. I think Mikayla will have to answer of few questions once Karen got her alone.
“Well if it isn’t Mr. O’Connell. I see you decided to go without a cowboy hat. Good choice the swelling of your massive ego would probably make it an uncomfortable fit.”
Well the lady certainly didn’t waste any time taking the gloves off. Maybe lady is not the right term. The other members of our little party seemed perplexed and a little surprised by the bite of her comment. Karen was actually pulling on Mikayla’s arm to try and get her attention; no doubt to tell her to play nice. I’m not sure Mikayla has it in her to play nice when it comes to me.
Greg did not miss a beat. “I see Mikayla has had the privilege of your company on a previous occasion, Brian. So tell me Mikayla, when did you have the honour of getting to know our boy here?”
Mikayla’s face was sporting a lovely shade of lobster red, noticeable even in the dim lighting of the club. No question where her thoughts had gone. 
“Yes, Mikayla, please share with the group how you had the pleasure of my company.” Okay, so I was probably being an ass but she started it with the hat comment. My hat fits me quite well when I choose to wear it thank you very much.
“Pleasure is not quite the word I would use, I recall throwing a bottle at your departing backside when we were last in each other’s presence.” Karen was surprisingly quiet and just seemed to take the conversation in stride with a smug knowing look.
Greg jumped in “I see Brian was once again on his best behaviour.” 
Whatever happened to the boys club and solidarity? “Shut up you jackass, she does not need your help or encouragement. She is doing just fine on her own trying to destroy my fragile male ego.”
Mikayla actually snorted, “There is nothing fragile about your ego Mr. I Am All That.”
Well I obviously made quite an impression in a short period of time, that or she has me confused with Greg. She was actually leaning towards me, swaying her index finger in my face and glaring at me, her cleavage heaving against her tight red tank top, the energy rolling off her body. Game on. 
“So you think I am all that, gee thanks. I have to say, I have never had a complaint so you may not be too far off the mark on that one.” I did not think the glare could be more intense but she was obviously holding back the urge to do me bodily harm. Maybe if I keep this up she might actually try. It’s as good an excuse as any to have our hands on each other.
Dan broke in to try and change the direction of our escalating conversation; “Mikayla would you do me the honour of a dance?” We both turned to him in confusion and then I noticed that Mikayla and I had drawn the interest of a number of patrons in the bar. She must have noticed as well as she turned her full attention to Dan’s six foot frame and gracefully accepted his invitation. “Since you asked so gallantly, it would be my pleasure.” She spared me a look that said I would not be getting close to her anytime soon.
This outing was definitely a shitty idea. Not only were my thoughts back on Mikayla, I also had to watch her dance with different men whose hands were greedily holding her way too close. Karen had left an hour ago with some guy called Karl claiming she needed her beauty sleep but that did not stop Mikayla. I should probably be flattered as it looked like she was actually trying to make me jealous sneaking a few looks my way to see if I was watching. Mission accomplished, I wanted to rip their hands off her.
Finally it was last call and this evening would come to an end. During a particular slow song, one of the more drunken cowboys was getting a little to grabby. I could see Mikayla laughing but it sounded more like a nervous laugh. She was initially trying to be discreet but as the man’s hands got bolder, she dropped the pretence of discretion and tried with fervour to remove herself from his arms. As Jessie and I both got up at the same time, I noticed that as shy as he was he had not missed Mikayla’s growing discomfort. “I’ve got this Jessie, thanks.” He nodded and took his seat once again.
I made my way through the thinning crowd of people who quickly parted for me to get to her. I am sure they saw my determination to get to Mikayla although I have to admit she was holding her own. I think the big ox was about to get a swift kick that would have him signing soprano for an indefinite period of time. I closed in before she let loose.
“Honey, I think you have danced with enough men for the evening. You are making me look bad, fragile ego and all; I think I should get a chance to spend a little time with the little woman.” Okay, maybe I went too far with the little woman comment.  Mikayla seemed grateful when I arrived but her look morphed into a steely gaze almost immediately which clearly said “kiss my ass”.
“Sorry, Honey, I didn’t know you cared. Thanks for the dance Bruce but this last one is reserved for the little man.”
Although she said she would dance with me, the tone was unmistakable; that was the last thing she wanted to do. It was either make a scene with Bruce or dance with me; I guess I was the lesser of the two evils but I think it was a close call. Bruce hesitated but one of his buddies convinced him to grab one more beer before the bar closed. The last song was a slow and sensual melody, go figure. Mikayla’s body language said it all; she would prefer to be anywhere but here. We were just standing in the middle of the dance floor a few feet apart.
It’s time to do a little goading and push a few of her buttons. “If you are scared to dance because you can’t hide your attraction to me, I understand. We don’t have to.”
“Scared of you, I don’t think so and I could have handled myself with Bruce.” Note to self, she did not deny the attraction bit. 
I opened my arms as a peace offering inviting her to come to me. “I have no doubt you could have handled yourself, I came here to save Bruce from permanent damage to his family jewels. Although his behaviour this evening does not reflect it, he may actually want to have children some day.” A small smile played on her full lips as she moved hesitantly into my arms and said; “You are incorrigible”. 
“Maybe but I finally got you in my arms, willingly.” Open mouth, insert foot. I felt her defences go up and her body stiffen almost immediately. We started to sway to the music as the last of the stragglers were making their way out of the bar. The lights had flickered indicating that the bar would be closing shortly. As we slowly moved to the music, her muscles relaxed and my hands were slowly rubbing her neck moving down her back and up again. Her head finally came to rest against my chest and I heard a soft sigh, barely audible, but I heard it. She would not admit it but we fit together. Our bodies moved as one and I could feel the sexual tension building as I slowly guided us toward a more deserted corner of the bar. Mikayla’s hands had reached around my neck almost bringing her to her toes as my arms went to her lower back. Her body was swaying and rubbing against me in a manner that was testing my control. I bent my knees as my hands slowly lowered to grab her firm ass and press her closer, lining our bodies together in all the right places. There was no doubt about my state of arousal and her shallow breaths were all the encouragement I needed. Obviously the massage had us both on edge. Her short flowing skirt was not much of a deterrent as my hands edged under the material. God help me she was wearing a g-string and that firm flesh was mostly exposed. My finger ran across the small triangle strip of material to follow its path between her cheeks. She definitely liked that. My other hand made its way to her hair as a sudden memory of the massage made its way through the haze. She had reacted when I had tugged on her hair. As my hand ran the length of her g-string again, I grabbed her hair and firmly tugged. Mikayla’s breath caught and she half moaned, half purred as her nails grabbed hold of my shoulders. Faster than I could process the move she pushed me against the wall and pulled my head down for a heated kiss. What the hell! I had been hoping to get my hands on her tight body but this was unexpected. She was grinding against me and those full lips were nipping at mine as our tongues intertwined. This had to be a dream and if someone woke me up they would die a slow death. My hands were massaging her ass and she was unbuttoning my shirt, nails leaving a trail down my chest, kisses and small nips making me crazy as she made her way down my neck. I was more turned on than I had ever been. This is the first time that I had been with a woman that was the aggressor... and I liked it... a lot. As her lips were about to close over my nipple, I heard a man clearing his voice in the distance. Shit, someone was waking me up from my dream and I was definitely going to kick his ass. I looked toward the bar and saw the bartender sign that he was closing up. Mikayla must have heard him clear his throat too as she immediately tensed and looked up at me, bewildered. 
“This never happened, do you hear me? This did not just happen.” I was still in a state of shock that when she ran out of the bar, I just stood there and watched her go.
*****
Chapter 10
Karl had scheduled a tour of the facility for the new staff working in the Finance building which means more time with Karen and unfortunately Sherri. Jim from Accounting made up the fourth member of our little group. Karl had assigned a senior staff member to take us around the grounds and visit a variety of facilities.
Sherri was her bubbly self; man I hate bubbly, especially on a Monday morning. There isn’t enough coffee in the world to prepare me for her particular brand of perky.
“Hey Mikayla, Karen, I saw you two at the Lasso Friday night, you seemed to be having a good time. I saw you sitting with Brian and a few other good looking men. How did you two get so lucky?” I guess I can’t pretend that Friday night never happened.
“Oh, I think it was more a situation of convenience where they had seats available in a very crowded room. Was there anyone at our table that you were interested in?” Like I didn’t know who that might be. Karen gave me a glare warning me not to go there.
“Actually yes, although Brian is yummy and you’re lucky to have him, there was a tall blond that I wanted to meet. I asked around and a few people told me his name was Greg. Do you know if he is available and better yet, do you think he would be interested?” Oh, this is absolutely priceless. Sherri is interested in what I would consider a player based on some of the conversations I overheard the other night, this is a match made in heaven. I am sure Greg would love to be introduced to the blonde bombshell. Heck, he would kiss the feet of the person who would introduce him to a woman like Sherri. Karen was the first to make her way out of the shock that register on both our faces at Sherri’s choice in men.
“I am sure that Greg would be more than interested in meeting you. I have to admit, I thought you were interested in Brian.” Know why did she have to bring that up.
“Oh, I don’t tend to waste my time with men that are already taken and after the way Mikayla and Brian were dancing Friday night, I think it would require an Act of God to separate those two.” Well this conversation needs to end in a hurry before she gets into whatever details she has and spills it to Karen. Thank goodness our guide was ready to go.
“If you will follow me, we’ll start with the Human Resources Department.” As we headed out of the Finance building, Karen pulled me a little to the side out of earshot of the rest of our group and demanded some answers.
“What the hell happened after I left Friday?” I tried to pick up the pace and catch up with the group but Karen was having none of it.
“Like Sherri said, Brian and I ended up dancing.”
“It sounds like you did more than dance to make that kind of an impression on Sherri.” This is so not good, I am going to end up spilling my guts and I am definitely not ready for that. I may have just met Karen a week ago but I know enough about her to realise that she is definitely a dog with a bone once she hones in on you. Once again I was somewhat saved by our guide; I am going to owe that man a coffee.
“The Human Resources Department is housed here.” He was pointing in the general vicinity as we entered a two story building. Like the sign on the wall in big bold letters wasn’t clear enough; and once again my sarcastic thoughts reared their ugly heads. At least I was able to behave and hold my tongue which, considering its Monday morning and I didn’t sleep much this weekend, showed a considerable amount of restraint on my part.  “They are responsible for all human resources functions such as recruitment, benefits management, employee files, training, etc.” Well that’s absolute rocket science there sparky; I never would have guessed. “They share this space with our sales force which includes ten Sales representatives who handle all our civilian accounts and two government liaisons who deal with the more sensitive technologies for the Department of Defence.” We are back to owing him a coffee; note to self, this may be a place to start digging into the items that are classified as military grade products. As we moved on to the next building, Karen once again tugged me aside. Like I said, dog with a bone.
“Don’t think I am going to drop this conversation. What happened with Brian after I left? For that matter what was that whole client business and why did you go off on him?”
“Since there seems to be a requirement for sharing; what did you do after you left The Lasso? I believe it was with Karl wasn’t it? What are you doing flirting and then leaving a bar with your boss? Don’t you think that’s a little cliché not to mention a career limiting move?” That had a little more bite than I intended and based on her slightly stunned look, those comments hit the target.
“Nothing happened; he offered to escort me home. We just talked and he walked me to my door. That’s it. Don’t change the subject.” You bet I am going to change the subject; better her being grilled than me.
“You want something to happen don’t you? I saw the way you guys clicked the first time you met.” Although my main reason was to get her off my back, I did want to have this conversation. Good thing Sherri was keeping Jim and the guide enthralled with one of her perky stories.
“I admit that there is something there and I think it is mutual but Karl would never act on it. He is my boss and we are both professional and we know that would end up in disaster.” She seemed so disappointed, I genuinely felt for her.
“If he wasn’t your boss, would you want to get to know him better?” Karen actually sighed.
“Like you said, we just clicked. For the first time since my husband passed, I feel so at ease with someone. We are both at the same place in our lives where we are tired of the singles scene but it doesn’t matter since nothing can come of it.” Karen might talk a good game when it came to men but deep down she obviously wants to have the lifestyle she lost so abruptly and settle down. It was hard for me to relate since the white picket fence syndrome was a foreign concept for me. I am so not the right person to be giving relationship advice, so here goes nothing.
“Karen, if you two really feel that it may lead somewhere than that is more important than a job. There are a number of Administrative Assistant positions at Jacobson’s. All it would take would be a switch or transfer with another Department and you and Karl could pursue your relationship. If you truly think you’ve got a shot to be happy with him, don’t waste it.” She actually had the most grateful look on her face as tears welled up in her eyes. I guess I can be insightful when it’s called for; I just can’t practice what I preach.
“You don’t think it’s crazy to feel this way after only a few days?” Who am I to judge, not three days ago, I pushed Brian against a wall and would have torn the clothes of his back in The Lasso were it not for the bartender’s timely interruption.
“You can’t change your feelings. You two obviously talked about this at some level. Talk some more and if you are both serious about a relationship, take the steps you need to make it happen.” She flashed a huge smile and gave me a quick hug as we arrived at the second building. To my surprise it was one of the mysterious buildings that were not indicated on the orientation map.
“This is one of our Research and Development buildings. It houses most of our engineers and technicians and is off limits to most staff. We can tour the front offices but we cannot go in the labs and testing simulation areas.” Interesting, maybe I can get the lay of the land as we do our modified walk through. As Sherri was busy asking her usual insightful questions, I noticed a door at the end of a small hallway on my right which indicated restricted access. May as well check to see the type of security I may have to deal with if I come back after hours. Using the excuse that I needed to use the little girls’ room, I quickly made my way to the door careful to avoid being seen. As I bent over the key code device the door quickly opened and had me jumping back.
“Well, well, fancy meeting you here. Let me guess, you can’t get thoughts of me out of your head and wanted to pay me a visit.” Brian was standing before me dressed in full military gear, sweaty and sexy as hell. My back was to the wall and that was a good thing because I think it was the only thing holding me up.
“Not likely, I am touring the facility and was looking for the ladies room.” The look on his face showed his scepticism and a glimmer of suspicion as he placed both hands on wall on either side of my head and leaned in. 
“Oh come on Mikayla, don’t tell me I am the only one who can’t concentrate because of Friday night flashbacks?” He definitely isn’t the only one who has that particular memory on a rewind and play cycle although I would rather forget the humiliating event.
“Like I told you, that never happened. I must have had too much to drink because I have never done anything like that before.”
“I know for a fact that you had one drink all evening so the booze definitely wasn’t a factor. Maybe it was my irresistible animal magnetism?” And once again I am face to face with his sensuous and teasing smile as his face kept getting closer to mine. That smile should be classified as a lethal weapon and it is just not fair to have it paired up with a uniform.
“Animal may fit but magnetism not so much. Like I said, losing my good sense is not something that has happened to me before and it will definitely never happen again.” He was looking me straight in the eye, lips only an inch away from mine.
“That’s too bad. It was the sexiest thing I have ever experienced. You may be a kitten with claws on any given day but Friday night I saw the hellcat you could be. You should not be ashamed of that, it was sexy as hell. Anytime you want to let loose, let me know because I definitely want to be on the receiving end of those emotions.”
“Oh come on, it wasn’t that memorable; we danced and we kissed.” I am definitely going to hell for such a bold lie; it’s all I have thought about since that evening.
“Honey, it was more than memorable and I have the scratches to prove it.” As he said it he slowly released the top two buttons and moved the military fatigues aside to show the scratch marks on his chest. Holy shit! I couldn’t have done that. “You look surprised? Is it the first time you ever lost control?”
“I told you I had never acted like that before.” I could feel my face burning up at my utter embarrassment. His hand cupped my flaming red face.
“Don’t ever be ashamed to let go...as long as it’s with me. I don’t know what I would do if I saw you so passionate with another man.” Woah! Who does he think he is?
“You don’t own me, I...” His lips took possession of mine and his body pressed closer. One hand still firmly holding my face and the other in my hair, he turned my head to get a better angle and deepened the kiss. I heard myself moan and just as abruptly as it had begun, he ended it.
“I know I don’t own you Mikayla nor would I want that, but a part of me wants to be the only one who can bring out the hellcat in you. Just give me a chance.” I was still reeling from the kiss and probably looked like a fish out of water trying to catch my breath.
“Think about it Mikayla.” With that he gave me a soft kiss, took his sexy self and walked to what seemed like a small side room. Well that turned out to be a more serious side of Brian. I can definitely admit to being scared spitless now. He is bringing up emotions that I didn’t even know I had and I have to admit that my state of arousal is like nothing I have ever felt before. Since the day I met Brian and we exchanged words, I have been humming with some kind of pent up energy that keeps coursing through my body. The tingling sensation is driving me crazy and it’s all his fault. The problem is...it feels so damned good I am not sure I want it to stop. In fact, a small part of me is actually considering visiting the wild side...just once. What harm could it do? Who am I kidding, it may just break my heart, that’s the harm it could do. I’m not sure I could handle that.
Enough, I’m going to drive myself crazy and I need to get back to the group and finish the tour. Who knows, maybe I’ll get some more tidbits that will help me with my investigation.
*****
Chapter 11
I need another cold shower. This is getting ridiculous. I’m chasing someone who so obviously doesn’t want anything to do with me. Then again, her words say one thing but her body language is definitely showing some interest.
“Brian, how is the testing going?” Leave it to my boss to get me back on track.
“So far so good. The preliminary testing is successful but I still need to do environmental testing in the field to document manoeuvrability and weight impact.
“Are we on target with the timeline?”
“Yeah, I will have the final report completed by the target date.” A nice hike in the woods to test out the armour may be just what the doctor ordered to get a reprieve from thoughts of Mikayla.
“I knew I made a good choice when I hired you. Just don’t disappoint me Brian.” Well, no pressure there.
“Wouldn’t dream of it, sir.” My dreams certainly aren’t focused on disappointing my boss since meeting Mikayla.
I finished changing and headed to the store to pick up some groceries. It was close to supper time and the store was practically deserted which is why when I turned the corner and bumped into Karen, I was genuinely surprised.
“Karen, how are you doing?” She seemed preoccupied.
“Hi Brian, are you picking up groceries?” She definitely has something on her mind. She’s usually a little quicker on the uptake than that.
“Yup, that would be why I am in the grocery store.” I spread my arms to bring her attention to where we were standing. That seemed to get her thought process back on track. She chuckled wearily.
“I’m sorry; obviously that’s what we are both doing here. I have some stuff on my mind.” Her basket held one item; a container of chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream in it. In my experience, that is not a sign of good cheer in any woman.
“Planning on drowning your sorrows? I may have to join you after being crushed by the likes of Mikayla.”
“You are more than welcome to join me. You can be my guy sounding board.” That sounded ominous.
“You’ve only been here a week and you already have man troubles?”
“You’re one to talk! Aren’t you the one who just offered to join me on account of a woman you just met?” Score one for Karen.
“Touché, let’s get out of here before the ice cream melts.”
“Weren’t you here to pick up groceries?”
“A damsel in distress and free ice cream take precedence. Lead the way, my lady.”
“Oooh, are you going to turn the knight and shining armour routine on me again? I’m not sure I could handle that but feel free to give it a try.” I like Karen; she is easy to talk to, smart, quick witted and neither one of us was interested in the other romantically or otherwise. It was nice to have someone to hang with that was free of tension or expectations.
I grabbed two plastic spoons off the counter as Karen paid for the ice cream and we made our way to a picnic table not too far from the store but isolated enough to provide us with some privacy.
 “So Karen, what’s up with the ice cream supper?” She opened the container as I handed her one of the spoons. We both dug in and scooped a spoonful of chunky ice cream before she answered.
“Have you ever fallen for someone that you know you shouldn’t have?” More than she would ever know but I wasn’t going there; this was about her. I may as well try to keep it light.
“Yeah, there was that married woman once...you should have seen the size of her husband. Big mistake.” She almost choked on her ice cream and gave me a little punch on the arm.
“Brian, I’m being serious.” I am so not good at this serious relationship stuff. The conversation I had with Mikayla in the hallway earlier was as serious as I have ever been. I’m still not exactly sure where that came from.
“Sorry, no I don’t think that I have. I take it your interested in a guy that is off limits?”
“He’s my boss.” It was my turn to choke on my ice cream.
“You’ve fallen for your boss? I hate to say it Karen but that falls in the category of a career limiting move.”
“Mikayla said the same thing when she initially talked to me.”
“And just what did Lady Mikayla advise you to do?” This should be good.
“She actually surprised me and told me to go for it. She said there are other Administrative Assistant positions here and that I could put in for a transfer. That way Karl would no longer be my boss and we could give this thing a shot.”
“Mikayla actually told you to go for it? Will wonders never cease; that just shocks the hell out of me.”
“Brian, what happened between the two of you last Friday? When we first got to your table at the Lasso she gave you a definite ice cold reception, we’re talking deep freeze. What was the whole client thing you referred to? You must have pissed her off if she threw something at you.”
“Holy inquisition Karen! Gentlemen don’t kiss and tell.”
“You kissed her? And since when do you claim to be a gentleman anyways?”
“I guess my knight in shining armour routine needs some work. Forget it Karen, I am not going down that road. If you want details then they will have to come from Mikayla.” She leaned the ice cream container in my direction so I could take another scoop.
“You know what Brian, for all of your flirting ways; you are actually a really great guy. Don’t give up on Mikayla just yet; I think she may be worth pursuing even if she doesn’t show her interest. I think this may be new and scary territory for her.” She’s not the only one.
“Well, why don’t I walk you home?” We made our way to her apartment in a comfortable silence. As we approached her door I figured I owed her my two cents on her dilemma considering I was her designated guy sounding board.
“For what it is worth Karen, I agree with Mikayla. If you and Karl want to see where it goes, why the hell not? Worst case scenario, you have a new boss to flirt with and Karl will be another employee you wave at as you pass by.”
“Brian! I do not make a habit of flirting with my boss. You must not think very highly of me.”
“Just kidding Karen, I know this is a big decision. I will even leave you the lion’s share of the ice cream so you can build up your courage and talk to Karl about your upcoming resignation as his administrative assistant.” I gave her a wink and a quick brotherly hug and started down the hallway.
“Brian, I almost forgot, Sherri was part of our facility tour group today and she told us that since you and Mikayla were so obviously taken with each other that she had set her sights on your friend Greg. Do you think he would be interested in her?” Oh, now this I would pay to see; Greg and Sherri. They are perfect for each other.
“Are you actually asking me to be a matchmaker?”
“Well maybe I should tell Sherri you are on the market. I think you would still be her first choice!” Karen has such a sweet and innocent voice yet she is able to deliver a really nasty threat without blinking an eye.
“That’s not nice Karen; especially after I agreed to be your sounding board. Not five minutes later you’re willing to through me to the wolves.” We both laughed good naturedly. “I’ll ask Greg. Actually, he would probably kick my ass if he found out she was interested and I chose not to inform him.” I wonder what Sherri saw Friday night. “What made Sherri think Mikayla and I were an item?”
“You tell me, she said she saw you two dance Friday night. Care to share?” Not bloody likely.
“Have a good night Karen and thanks for the ice cream.” I smiled as I turned and walked away. I heard her chuckle and close the door behind her.
*****
Chapter 12
I have to get back to my assignment. Brian is a distraction that I can’t afford right now. Although I want to know what it’s like to lose myself in someone and shatter that tight control, it also scares the hell out of me to relinquish that power to somebody else. That person would have the power to break me.
Karen and I have had many discussions over the last few days. We mostly talked about her and Karl. She was happier than I had seen her over the past two weeks.
“Mikayla, I took your advice and spoke to Karl about our options. I told him that I would love working with him but that I felt that my feelings would only grow if we spent time together and that would end in an awkward working relationship.”
“Wow! Talk about taking the bull by the horns. How did he react?”
“He was actually relieved that we were discussing it and felt the same way. He said that he had someone internally that had applied for the position from the Department of Human Resources and would have been hired if I had not applied. He is going to talk to the Human Resources Manager to see if a transfer is possible. If they are satisfied with my qualifications and the person is still interested in the position, everything should work out.”
“I am so glad for the both of you. Karl seems like a nice guy and based on the smile you’re sporting, he makes you happy.”
“We’ll soon find out. It hasn’t progressed passed the talking stage since we weren’t sure where things would end up but it gave us a chance to really get to know each other without the physical aspect clouding our judgement. Speaking of relationships, how is it going with Brian?”
“Unlike you and Karl, we have not had much on the conversational front unless you count our lovely back and forth bantering.”
“Maybe, but it is so obvious that there is something there. Are you going to give him a chance?”
“Believe it or not I have been considering it. He is a pain in the ass but when I am with him it’s like nobody else exists and there is this energy that keeps building between the two of us. I honestly feel like I am going to explode if we keep bumping into each other.”
“What do you mean by bumping into each other?” Mischievous smile firmly in place, Karen was eagerly awaiting my answer.
“Nothing that interesting so wipe that smirk of your face. We had a couple of encounters over the last two weeks.”
“Girlfriend, you have been holding out on me. Here I am an open book and you are keeping secrets.” More than she will ever know. I like Karen. In another lifetime and in different circumstances I could see us being best friends. “Spill it, I want details.”
“Well you know about the Friday at The Lasso. We saw each other there.”
“Speaking of, I am curious about Brian’s comment. What was he talking about when he said you were his favourite client and did I hear you say you threw a bottle at him? I got so caught up with Karl and me that I didn’t even question you on this. There’s no time like the present so share the details." 
“I had scheduled a massage at the spa and Brian replaced the massage therapist.” I didn’t think her eyes could get that big.
“Shut up! Did you know it was him?”
“No! I would never have let him massage me if I had known.”
“Never mind, that’s not important. What happened? Was he good, did you enjoy it?” I am sure she could read it all over my face so I may as well fess up.
“Are you kidding me, it was…” 
“Oh my God, you’re speechless! Was it that good?”
“It was…” I hung my head in resignation “…absolutely amazing.” That wasn’t so hard to say. Definitely a tribute to how our friendship has grown. It felt good to have a confident. I don’t think I have ever spoken to anyone about this kind of thing. My brother wouldn’t have let me finish my sentence that he would have hunted Brian down.
“I knew it would be! I am so jealous! So why did you end up throwing a bottle at him?”
“What can I say, he had his hands all over me and my body responded. I was so embarrassed by my reactions and when I found out it was him I was mortified.”
“I can just imagine considering how many times you had pushed him away. So back to the bottle; what did he do that was so terrible?”
“He said something to the affect that he liked having the opportunity of putting his hands on me and making me moan. It was all a little fuzzy but you know Brian, he was being his arrogant self.”
“Did he really make you moan?” Begrudgingly, I had to admit it to her and to myself.
“Yeah, he definitely made me moan, not that I would ever admit that to him. What can I say, it was the best damned massage I ever had. He’s now ruined me for any other massage I will ever get.”
“Hot damn! You’ll just have to book him for your future massages. So what happened at The Lasso when I left?”
“I was holding my own with a grabby dance partner at the end of the evening when Brian tried the knight in shining armour act. We ended up dancing to a slow song as the club emptied.” This part is going to be so embarrassing to share.
“Then what? What did Sherri see that had her looking for other prey?”
“I don’t really know what she saw; I don’t recall anyone else being in the room. That’s a first for me, I’m usually always aware of my surroundings.” It could mean life or death in my line of work. ”We danced, it was a slow song and we got a little close. I’m not sure I can even explain it; I still had the leftover sensation from the earlier massage. He started rubbing my back and then lower...I think I actually pushed him against the wall and kissed him.”
“Holy cow! He must have been in shock! All of this happened and you didn’t tell me? I am so pissed right now!” It was a pouty ‘I can’t believe it’ versus an ‘I’m really angry’ comment. 
“I am not usually the sharing type so count yourself lucky you got this much out of me. It’s a tribute to your tenacity and friendship.”
“What do you mean ‘this much’? What else happened that I don’t know about?” That’s Karen, a brief interlude of incredulity and we are back to the inquisition.
“Nothing much, when we did the tour of the facility and ended up in the Research and Development building, I ran into Brian.”
“Was it when you went to the ladies room?” It was more like when I went snooping but the ladies room works for me.
“Yeah, we met up in the hall. He must have been running some tests or something because he was in full military gear.”
“Oooh, lucky girl, he must have looked hot in a uniform.”
“I hadn’t noticed.” I couldn’t hold back the smile when I said that. Karen and I both laughed at that one. “He basically told me he didn’t want me seeing anyone else. You know, the whole jealousy bit.”
“He admitted that he wanted you to see each other exclusively?”
“I guess so.”
“So what happened next?”
“Nothing really; he kissed me and left. I joined the tour and we carried on.”
“Don’t be a powder puff, it doesn’t become you. I meant, what happened since then?”
“Sorry to disappoint but we haven’t really spoken since then.”
“Girl, what are you waiting for? You have got a hot, intelligent and funny guy interested in you. They are practically an extinct species! Move your ass and make the next move. God knows he’s made enough of them and you’ve shot him down so many times I’m surprised he’s still standing!”
“I guess it’s a good thing he wears armour then. All joking aside, I am scared to lose the little control I have over my emotions when I’m with Brian. I can’t seem to keep my reactions under wraps.”
“Sweetie, ride the wave. True, if you wipe out it may hurt but Mikayla; I think Brian is worth the ride if you can pull this one off with your heart in one piece. Follow the advice you gave me and take the risk.”
“I’m not sure I am as brave as you are on that front but I’ll consider it.”
“Don’t wait too long. You wouldn’t want to lose him without ever really having him.”
*****
Chapter 13
I’ve lost count of the cold showers I have taken since meeting Mikayla. Although it has not happened frequently, when someone has expressed their disinterest in me I usually move on to more willing partners. There is something about Mikayla that has me thinking only of her. She is definitely a strong woman but there is a side of her that she keeps under wraps. That’s what I find intriguing. Most women I have met are more than willing to lose themselves in the moment but for some reason Mikayla holds back and wants to be in control at all times.
I haven’t spoken to her since our encounter at the testing area. I wanted to give her time to consider a possible relationship. I have to admit I have never invested much time or energy in chasing a woman but for whatever reason I want to break down her barriers. I want to be the one who brings her pleasure that has her moaning and purring for release. I want to see the hellcat I saw glimpses of the other night.
After Karen and I spoke, I was relieved to hear that Sherri was interested in meeting Greg. I am certain Greg would welcome her attention and it saves me from having to rebuff her advances. I promised Karen I would talk to Greg. I can’t believe I got roped into doing the matchmaker thing but I have to admit, Sherri may be the one to put Greg in his place. The boys usually hang out at the gym around this time so I can probably break the good news to Greg there. 
Sure enough they were there.
“Hey Greg, are you free tomorrow?”
“Brian, how are you man? What did you have in mind? You know my calendar is usually pretty full if you know what I mean.” Yup, there’s the arrogance but sometimes I wonder if it’s more for show. 
“Actually, for some unknown reason, a person of the female persuasion is interested in meeting you. I on the other hand, am not sure I want to set her up with a hound dog like you.” Although I think Sherri can hold her own, that doesn’t mean anyone deserves to be set up with a player like Greg. If his stories are fact versus fiction, he is quite the Casanova.
“Hey, I work hard for that hound dog reputation man.” His words were direct but his face showed some doubt.
“I hear you but you may need to grow up one day and get serious.” Jessie piped up to give his two cents.
“Listen to the man Greg, you’re going to fall into the dirty old man category before you know it.” Dan was nodding in agreement.
“I don’t see any of you with a wife, two point five kids and a white picket fence.”
“You’re right but the difference is I am open to finding that. I don’t need to keep score or announce to everyone who I’ve been with. No offense man, but take it from me that can get old pretty quick.”
“What are you my shrink? Maybe I’m happy with dating and a little variety in my life.” Again the words were there but they were said with some hesitation. “Who’s the lucky lady that wants to spend some quality time with me and is she hot?” And we’re back to the old Greg. “Is it your friend from Friday night, Mikayla?” That comment almost got him punched out. If he even went near her, I would have to kill him. On second thought, I think Mikayla would probably do it herself. I don’t think Greg is her type.
“Her name is Sherri, she is a tall blonde and I am sure her looks would meet your high standards. As for Mikayla, don’t even think about it if you want to live.” 
“Don’t worry man; I don’t poach from my friends. Sherri is it; well then, you have my permission to set me up my friend.”
Greg was at a table in the Greek restaurant and I was waiting for Sherri out front. I was only staying long enough to introduce them and then I was out of there. They’re both capable of entertaining themselves and I don’t need the details; although I am sure Greg will be sharing everything in his customary blow by blow report the next time I see him at the gym. Sherri made the corner wearing a short green dress that showed off all her attributes. Even though I am not interested, I can certainly appreciate that she was a beautiful woman.
“Hi Sherri, you look great.” That brought a smile to her face.
“Hi Brian, thanks for doing this. I know you and Mikayla probably have better things to do on a Friday night.”
“What makes you think Mikayla and I are together?” May as well find from the source how much she saw that evening.
“I saw you dancing with her last Friday night and I assumed you were an item. When I spoke to her about it, she didn’t deny it. Was I wrong to assume something is going on between the two of you?” Well, well interesting to know. First she pretends to have spent the night with me when Becca served us at the Café and now she lets Sherri assume we are in a relationship. I think I have given her enough time to think it over.
“Yes, there is something going on with Mikayla and me.”
“It’s obvious, you guys practically light up a room with the sexual energy that sparks when you are together. I was all hot and bothered just watching you dance.” It may be obvious to everyone but Mikayla. Sherri winked at me and smiled knowingly. I hope she didn’t tell Mikayla how much she had seen of our little public display. For some reason, I think Mikayla would be mortified to know that Sherri witnessed the more intimate aspects of our dance.
“Well, it isn’t hard to do with someone like Mikayla.”
“Don’t sell yourself short Brian, you are one fine man and it takes two to create that kind of chemistry. Now let’s go see if I can create the same kind of chemical reaction with Greg.”
“Please allow me to escort you to your table and introduce you to your date.” Sherri might not be as bad as I first thought. She may give Greg a run for his money after all. She looped her hand on my arm and we made our way to the table. It was definitely worth playing matchmaker just to see Greg’s reaction. His eyes were glued on Sherri as we made our way to the table.
“Hey Greg, I would like to introduce you to Sherri Clancy, Sherri this is Greg MacLeary.” Greg actually seemed at a loss for words. Now there’s a first.
“Hi Greg, it’s a pleasure to meet you. I hope this blind date isn’t too weird for you?” Greg’s verbal abilities seemed to have deserted him for the moment. As Sherri moved toward her seat, I leaned to talk to Greg.
“Dude, you are going to have to hold up your end of the conversation here or this will be your first and last date with her.” That seemed to get him out of his fog as he stood while Sherri took her seat.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you too Sherri and may I say you look fantastic.” Sherri smiled shyly at the compliment. “As for the blind date, I trust my man Brian here so I have no doubt we will get along just fine.” That was my cue to leave.
“You two have fun and behave yourselves, I have to head out.” As Sherri turned around to say thanks, Greg gave me two big thumbs up.
Well my work here is done, besides I need to get back to testing the armour. The two week deadline is up and they had to tweak a few things on the protective gear. There were some snags with a few latches which were used to carry weapons. I can’t believe I will be spending a perfectly good Friday night working on this but once the testing is complete we can put this project to bed and move on to the next…and hopefully some quality time with Mikayla.
*****
Chapter 14
Friday night and the area around the office buildings is pretty much deserted. I was counting on staff being at the clubs or calling it quits fairly early to get a jump start on the weekend. Another half hour and I should be good to go as the darkness was surrounding the facility. I had two planned stops for the evening; the sales office were the Government liaisons worked and the Research and Development building where I last saw Brian.
I already have the tools of my trade in my black bag to get through security and the gun that had been left for me on the facility through CIA contacts in my ankle holster. The Human Resources and Sales building is my first stop since the security there is fairly straightforward compared to the other building. I slipped out of my apartment; I didn’t hear any noise coming from Brian’s apartment so he must be out at the club like most of the other staff. A part of me wondered if he was there with another woman but I shook off that thought and moved outside. The grounds had plenty of coverage with trees and shrubs as I made my way across the landscape.
It was easy to bypass the electronic key swipe since I had borrowed a key card from housekeeping. I disconnected the feed to the two surveillance cameras careful to stay out of range. I figure I had about 10 minutes before security would notice there was an issue and come to investigate. I hoped to have the cameras back up and running before they got here.
Thanks to the facility tour, I was able to quickly make my way to the Government Liaisons offices. I opened the drawers to quickly scan the files for anything that could be helpful in identifying the traitor and targeted prototype. The CIA and other agencies had heard chatter about something called Stealth Star. I did not find anything in the physical files which isn’t surprising considering everything is electronic nowadays. I booted the computer and open the top desk drawer to search for the password. People aren’t very good at remembering and often write their password down near the computer. There was nothing in the desk and time was running out. I looked around the office and then I thought to check under the keyboard. Ta da! I typed in the password and waited for user information to upload. There were a few files of interest that I copied on my stick to review later when time was not as much of a concern. I checked my watch and I was coming up on eight minutes. Time to move my butt and get out of there. I reconnected the cameras and slipped out the side doors just as security was entering the building through the front.
All in all that went smoothly but now came the tough one. Research and Development had a perimeter alarm system with infrared sensors that needed to be deactivated. After a few minutes of accessing the electronics panel and disabling the system, I was moving to the doors with my handy dandy housekeeping swipe card. Once this assignment is done, I will need to give their security team a report on their weak spots.  
The surveillance cameras taken care of, I made my way to the restricted area that Brian had exited the other day. As I started working on the door’s key code system, I heard what must have been security approaching.
“I am telling you that I saw some kind of light flickering like a flashlight near the front door. Bob, go check the perimeter, Tony you and I will split up and search inside. The cameras are down just like those at the Human Resources and Sales building. That is too much of a coincidence for me.” It is safe to say that maybe security wasn’t as inept as I first thought. Panic started setting in as I turned my mini flashlight off. There was nowhere to hide in the narrow hallway and I wasn’t even close to getting the key code combination. Shit, this is not good. Just as I was thinking of a possible cover story for my being there, the door opened behind me and an arm grabbed me by the waist and pulled me through the door as the other hand covered my mouth.
“Be quiet.” I would recognize Brian’s smell and feel anywhere as I relaxed a little. He quickly stepped back into the hallway closing the door behind him. I could hear faint voices as Brian was talking to the security guards. 
“Hey guys, what’s up?” 
“Can we see some ID?” That did not sound good. I could hear Brian put the good old boy charm to work.
“Sure, anything wrong?” 
“We saw what looked like a flashlight and wanted to make sure everything was secure. What are you doing here on a Friday evening?”
“You know how it is, the boss wants something yesterday and I end up working the weekend. You are welcome to check with him, he is aware that I am working this evening to meet our deadline.”
“Did you see or hear anything out of the ordinary this evening?”
“No, I haven’t seen any strangers lurking about.”
“Alright, thanks. If you see or hear anything unusual let us know.”
“You got it.” There was utter silence for what seemed like a lifetime when the door opened and Brian stepped through.
“Mind telling me what you are doing here?” Fair question considering he just saved my butt. I better come up with a decent reason for being here.
“I’ve been doing some thinking and I couldn’t wait to see you again.” It may be a cover but it was closer to the truth than anything I had said lately.
Brian seemed sceptical of my explanation. I can’t say that I blame him considering I have been giving him the brush off for the better part of our acquaintance. Only one way to remedy that. I grabbed the front of his shirt and pulled him down for a passionate kiss. He didn’t react at first as if he was shocked by my boldness but it didn’t take him long to return the kiss. While he was with the guards I had put my bag aside which now included my gun. I had removed my lightweight jacket and only sported a black tank top and black pants. Brian’s hands felt like a second skin as my tight fitting outfit was not much of a barrier. I could barely catch my breath at the sensations running through my body. The pent up sexual energy that has been building between us was getting near impossible to resist. The kiss was more erotic than anything I had ever experienced in my life. Brian was definitely going with the moment his breathing was just as laboured as mine.
“God you are sexy! You make me lose my mind!” His hands were cupping my ass as he lifted me on a desk without breaking the kiss.
“I don’t understand it either Brian, I can’t think when I’m around you.” It might have started as a cover story but in a matter of seconds it shifted to unchartered territory for me.
“At this point thinking is definitely overrated, just go with it.” His hand slowly moved up my side hovering just below my breast, gently teasing. I wanted to scream for him to move his hand higher but I was too embarrassed to say anything.
Brian’s breathless voice made its way to my fog induced brain. 
“What do you want me to do to you?” The hell if I know! All I know is that I don’t want him to stop.
“Tongue tied kitten? Why don’t I try a few things and you let me know what you like?” All I could do was moan and nod my agreement as his hand finally covered my breast and pinched at my nipple. He slowly lowered the tank top straps giving me a chance to stop him if I wanted to... for once I didn’t. As his mouth left a trail of kisses down my throat, he lowered the straps until my breasts were bare. There was no hiding my arousal as my nipples hardened in anticipation and, if everything was right in the world, in preparation of the attention they were about to receive from Brian. He made his way closer as he took one nipple in his mouth and his hand was massaging the other.
“Oh God, that feels so good!” I braced my hands on the desk and could not believe I had said that out loud.
“We are only getting started. I am going to make you beg me for release.” I tensed at the passion and determination in his voice. He must have sensed it.
“Mikayla, I only want to give you pleasure. At any time if you want to stop, we will.” He sounded so sincere and I was tired of ignoring the need he brought in me. I didn’t know what to say so as we looked each other in the eyes, I grabbed the top part of his dress shirt and ripped it apart, buttons popped and flew every which way. We stared at each other as Brian growled.
“You owe me a shirt” and grabbed my hair to pull me in for the hottest kiss I had ever received...and I thought the first kiss was amazing. As he tugged my hair back to end the kiss, he once again made his way down my throat but much to my surprise he kept going until he was feathering kisses on my stomach. His hands lowered to my waist as he lifted me from the desk to a standing position. He quickly pulled down my black spandex leaving me standing there in a black thong and a tank top pooled at the waist.
“I love the fact that you wear G-strings.” He touched my silky underwear with his finger and looped it under the minuscule string while he followed the edge to the tiny triangle in the front which barely covered me. He kneeled in front of me, his finger continuing its exploration of the contour of the tiny piece of damp black silk; the smell of my arousal filling the air. He pressed his lips against the wisp of material applying pressure that felt indescribably good. I leaned against the desk as it was now the only thing holding me somewhat upright.
“What are you doing to me Brian? I can’t even stand up, my legs are like jelly.” I was holding myself up against the desk with one hand as the other found its way in Brian’s thick dark hair.
“I am going to make you lose control.” With that statement he hooked his finger across the triangular material and pulled it aside to expose my lips. As he parted them with his fingers, I felt his tongue lick me in a slow up and downward motion.
“Nobody’s ever gone down on me like this before.” That breathless statement was to his liking as he moaned and pushed me up onto the desk while he grabbed the back of my thong and tugged burying the material deeper between my cheeks and touching unknown sensitive areas. I could hear myself moaning, putting my legs on his shoulders and begging his tongue closer when he pulled away for a moment; scared he would not finish what he started.
“Brian, please don’t stop! Don’t stop! God it feels so good!” My hips were moving involuntarily as Brian’s tongue started flicking my clit his hands grabbing my ass to lift me closer to the wicked tongue lashing. As my grip tightened in his hair, I literally lost control.
“God yes, I am almost there! Don’t stop!” As my hips lifted off the desk and I grabbed Brian’s hair with both hands and urged him closer, I had the best orgasm of my life. In fact, I am not sure past orgasms even count as they were nowhere near as intense or pleasurable. Brian was slowly getting up as my body was wracked with aftershocks. He just held me as my body convulsed in sheer pleasure. Soon enough, reality set in and there I was practically naked and Brian was fully dressed with the exception of a ripped shirt. What was I thinking! I had never been so vocal and out of control. True to his word, Brian made me lose all sense of reality and although it was amazing, fear and uncertainty were slowly creeping in. My body must have betrayed my thoughts.
“Mikayla, don’t be embarrassed, this is the best sexual experience I have ever had.” Oh please, we didn’t even have intercourse.
“Thanks for that but you are still dressed and based on the bulge in your pants you did not find pleasure or release.”
“Believe it or not, I get more out of giving pleasure to a woman than anything else and to be the first to taste you that way is an honour.” I guess I did let that slip earlier. As I started putting the straps of the tank top in place, Brian handed me my pants. 
“You must be upset that I didn’t reciprocate.” I felt terrible leaving him in this state after the pleasure he gave me but I had to process what had just happened.
His hands cupped my face as he looked at me. “Mikayla, I want us to continue seeing each other, whether it is to talk, laugh, share experiences and yes the physical side as well, when you’re ready to take it further. In the meantime, I will continue with cold showers.” His sensuous smile reassured me more than anything. Normally I would have run away a long time ago but Brian was willing to let me set the pace and let’s face it, I started this whole situation tonight, regardless of the reason.
It’s only hours later that I remembered that I did not get the information I was looking for. I hope there is something useful from the Sales computer files I copied.
*****
Chapter 15
It was Monday morning and my weekend was spent reliving my times with Mikayla over the last two weeks. I can’t get Mikayla’s voice and, since Friday, the sweet smell of her out of my head. The sound of her moaning and begging for me to bring her release was more arousing than anything I had ever experienced. I can’t believe she had not experienced a man going down on her which makes me wonder what else she hasn’t experienced. Thoughts of what we could try next had me heading into yet another cold shower.
When I walked her to her apartment, we kissed and said goodnight but not before I asked her to join me for a movie Tuesday night at the little make shift Theatre on the facility. It was small but usually showed fairly current movies. Mikayla shyly accepted which was not her style. Although I’m concerned she’ll change her mind or put her guard back up, I am hoping we are both up to seeing where this goes.
I headed to work eager to start on a new project since the last one was completed and my boss was pleased with both the results and the respected timeline. As I walked in the restricted area, I heard raised voices coming from around the corner. I could make out my boss and John, the Chief Engineer, in a heated discussion. 
“Mike, we need to go to the Executive Team and inform them of the breach.”
“Wait a minute John, we need to make sure it wasn’t misplaced or that someone took it to do additional work on it.”
“I’ve already checked with the team and nobody knows where it is. Every minute we delay a full out search, we risk someone making their way off the compound with it. We need to inform them now.” Mike seemed torn as he took a moment to consider John’s request.
“All right, do one more complete search of the building and I will contact the Vice-President of Research and Development. I’ll recommend we establish full security measure to shut down the facility. No more deliveries or departures will be permitted and a thorough search of the grounds completed.” John seemed relieved that Mike was going to take what seemed like extreme measures in my book. Whatever is missing, it can’t be good. I moved closer as the discussion seemed to have come to an end.
“Hi Mike, John, I couldn’t help but overhear that something seems to be missing. Is there anything that I can do to help?” Mike was visibly preoccupied as he ran his hand through his hair.
“We have a new product we were working on that seems to have been misplaced.” John grunted as if misplaced was the wrong term and a serious understatement.
“Do you need me to do anything?”
“This technology was the next project you were going to be working on. It is a top secret prototype for the Department of Defence and in the wrong hands, a dangerous weapon. Only myself and the Engineers that worked on it are aware of its existence apart from the Vice-President of Research and Development and CEO of Jacobson’s.”
“Have you established when and from where it was taken?” John was the first to speak up with a response.
“It was placed in a secure location in a separate building so that nobody but a select few could access it. We always go in pairs to secure these types of items. Tom and I placed it there at end of day Friday and when we went to prepare it for the testing phase this morning it was gone. The security system is still intact and I don’t understand how this could possibly happen.”
“So we are talking about a window of two days and three nights and we have no idea when it was taken within that timeframe?” This time Mike responded.
“Based on Security’s report there were some malfunctioning cameras on Friday evening in the Human Resources and Sales Department but it only lasted a few minutes. There was another report of some commotion in this building.” 
“Yeah, I spoke with security Friday evening. They thought they had seen a flashlight in the building.” They were probably right about that.
“Other than those two buildings, Security has reported no anomalies. The secured facility where the prototype was, for all intents and purposes, not breached over the weekend. We need to locate it ASAP. John, show Brian the specs sheet so he knows what we’re looking for.” John seemed hesitant to share any information with me but Mike was adamant.
“John, we were going to trust him with the testing, we can sure as hell trust him to help us locate it.” John seemed to consider it and then come to the same conclusion as Mike. He pulled the schematics and explained in broad strokes what I was looking for.
“This piece of technology was developed for the Department of Defence’s special operations teams. We have been able to perfect a powder that contains a tracking device. Once applied to the skin, we can trace the targets whereabouts anywhere with the prototype.” That is definitely an interesting invention.
“Kind of like a GPS system using satellites?”
“It is much more than that. Within the powder we have also imbedded a beacon which in combination with this weapon is as accurate as a point blank shot. Once targeted and the gun fired, the modified bullet will contour any objects in its way until it zeros in on the beacon. Once it hits its target a poison is instantly delivered into the nervous system and the target is eliminated.” Woah! That seems more like an assassin’s weapon than something special operations uses. It is a miniature guided missile.
“What is the range on the beacon?” 
“The range is 5 miles and the beacon remains in effect for 24 hours.” I can see why they are concerned about it falling in the wrong hands. It would not take much too potentially bribe someone to brush up against Presidents or people of interest and apply the powder for them to then take out their target from a safe distance. I could also see drug lords wanting to use it to take out the competition or politicians and law enforcement who may get in their way.
“Is it the only prototype in existence? Do they have the beacon powder or just the weapon?”
“They have the weapon and one small sample of the powder. We had stored most of the powder and formula in another location as a safety precaution.” I am starting to have a new appreciation for John’s way of thinking and security precautions.
“Is there any way we can track the powder that was taken without the prototype?”
“No, we need the weapon to track the beacon. The sample of the beacon powder used on the target is placed in the weapon. This allows for multiple targets to be acquired. Every beacon powder has its own code, once the small vial is inserted in the prototype, the weapon tracks for that particular beacon.”
“So it would require building a new prototype and inserting the same beacon powder in the weapon to track the stolen one?”
“Yes, but to build another prototype would take days. Engineers have been working on this for a year and just recently perfected it. We don’t have the luxury of time if this falls in the wrong hands. Our only salvation is that they only have enough beacon powder for a one time use. Whoever took it would need the formula to create more. The weapon is useless without it.” True, but one possible murder is one too many and if this is an inside job, who’s to say that person doesn’t already have the formula. Mike was quiet during John’s explanation and my questions. I turned to him to offer my assistance; he is my boss after all.
“I have some experience with testing security systems; perhaps it would be best if I take a look at the security in the building where the prototype was taken. I might pick up on something that Security has missed.” Mike was nodding his head in agreement.
“John, you take him there personally. You have a better understanding of the security features than anyone else and can give Brian a run down. Maybe together you two can figure out what happened.” John and I both left to investigate the ‘scene of the crime’ leaving Mike to make the dreaded call to the Executive Team.
*****
Chapter 16
A date with Brian on Tuesday for God’s sake! What was I thinking when I agreed to that? Here we are Monday evening and I am nervous about seeing a simple movie with a man, although in my defence not just any man, tall, dark, handsome and sexy Brian. You would think I was sixteen and awkward again. I have been on plenty of dates although most of them weren’t very serious. Brian is obviously letting me set the pace which is probably not the best idea since so far I have literally attacked him leaving scratch marks in my wake. I also owe him a dress shirt for the one I tore the other night. The movie was a good idea, maybe that will slow things down since there will be other people there...then again that didn’t stop me from mauling him at The Lasso. It’s probably a good thing that Karen and Karl are so wrapped up in their own situation because Karen would have been after me for more details.
I decided to do a little more snooping since there were a few other buildings that were not identified on my original map. It stands to reason that some of the top secret stuff is either developed or stored there. There is a building on the far edge of the facility that is bordered by woods and easy to get to under the coverage of night without detection. It has already been two weeks and so far I don’t have much.
As I made my way through the edge of the forest, I was able to move fairly quickly with only the moonlight as a guide. I learned my lesson last time when my small flashlight attracted attention. Just as I was thanking the full moon, I tripped over a large piece of wood, my hands braking my fall. I reassessed my first impression of it being a log as my landing was softer than I anticipated. I heard a moan and quickly scurried to the side of a nearby tree. I pulled out my flashlight and drew my gun to see what or who I had fallen on. Brian had blood running down the side of his face and had obviously been unconscious before I so gracefully landed on him. I quickly put my gun away before he noticed it and hoped my fall didn’t cause or aggravate any injuries.
“Brian! Brian are you OK?” As I ran to him, I did a cursory check to make sure nothing was broken. 
“Mikayla?” He tried to sit up a bit too quickly and cursed. “Son of a bitch! That hurts like hell!” His hands went to his head as he moved a little more slowly to a sitting position. 
“Take it easy; from the looks of it you have a nasty bump on your head. What were you doing? A little late night jogging by moonlight?”
“No, we had a security breach earlier and I was looking into it. I thought I saw someone as I was checking around the building.” 
“Did you see who hit you?”
“No, I didn’t even get a chance to react. The blow came out of nowhere.” Interesting, I will have to dig a little deeper into the security breach later. Right now I had to get Brian checked out in better lighting than this. As I helped him stand, he leaned heavily on me.
“Are you okay to walk back to my apartment if I help you, or do you want me to get security?”
“I am fine, other than a whopping headache.” The blood had dried so I knew there was no risk of more blood loss but I wasn’t sure how long he had been unconscious when I found him.
As we entered my apartment, I sat him on the couch.
“Let me get my first aid kit and I’ll clean the wound. We may have to take you to the Facility Doctor if you need stitches. Actually you should probably go anyway to get checked out. You probably have a concussion and you were out cold when I found you.”
“You mean landed on me and by the way, anytime you want to wake me up with your body on mine, you are more than welcome to do so.” Barely conscious and all he can think of is cracking jokes about my being on top of him. I shouldn’t be flattered but I am. 
“I think I should call the Doctor since you are definitely delusional.” 
“No need, it’s just a bump on the head. Do your Florence Nightingale thing and I am sure I’ll be as good as new.” He was already feeling better and his sexy smile was back in place, not full wattage but there. As I went to get the kit, I took a moment to change and wash my hands as I had mud and dirt from my fall in the woods. When I made my way to the living room, Brian was a little more alert.
“What no nurse’s uniform? What kind of medical facility is this?” Injured and still his mind goes to the gutter.
“Sorry to disappoint, that is not one of the outfits in my arsenal.”
“You have an arsenal of outfits? I’m not fussy; do you have a French Maid outfit, or maybe a sexy Police Officer? I think I see you more in a law enforcement uniform.” He is hitting a little too close to home on that suggestion. “Does the uniform have handcuffs?” Never mind, he was just thinking about handcuffs. Men! Flashes of Brian and me using handcuffs started going off in my head. My face must have shown what I was thinking as I got the full wattage of his sexy grin. I shook my head. What is it with me lately? Karen and Brian are both able to read me like an open book.
“Once again sorry to disappoint, I may have exaggerated when I said arsenal. My Halloween costumes include a witch, a clown and a genie.” As I leaned in to take a better look at his wound our faces were only an inch apart.
“A genie outfit sounds promising, why don’t you put that on? You could wrinkle your nose and grant me three wishes.” As he said it, he pulled me closer so that I was straddling him on the couch.
“Brian, you’re injured. Let me clean this up.”
“You do your thing Mikayla.” The words may have come out of his mouth but his actions were a definite distraction. As I cleaned the dried blood off the side of his face, Brian’s hands were gently stroking my back, and brushing up my sides. His thumbs were feathering the outside of my breasts sending my body in a state of awareness and anticipation.
“Cut it out, you’re distracting me.”
“I’m just checking to make sure you don’t have any injuries. After all, I am the cause of your fall in the woods and I wouldn’t want you to go untreated on my watch.” I had just put a butterfly bandage on his head wound when he lifted me off him and laid me on the couch.
“My turn to play Doctor, you have a few scraps that need some attention.” As he cleaned some scratches on my arms and legs, his gaze was definitely taking in what I was wearing. Maybe I should have taken more time in my selection of attire since I grabbed what was on the bed in my rush to get his injury looked after.
“Brian, I’m fine. It’s nothing.” He wasn’t listening to me as his fingers started at my feet and were gently running over my skin and making their way up my legs pausing to clean a few scratches on their journey.
“Oh, it’s definitely something and you are fine. Is this what you wear to bed?” He was staring at my tank top that left a fair amount of mid drift uncovered and my short shorts exposed a lot of leg. Thank goodness he hadn’t seen that the backside of my shorts which had Sexy written on it or I wouldn’t hear the end of it.
“Yes, I don’t like bulky clothing when I sleep.”
“Amen to that!” His hands continued their journey up my body carefully avoiding any intimate areas which didn’t do anything to stop my body’s heated reaction to his touch. 
“Your skin is so soft.” His hands had stilled just above my midriff at the edge of my short tank top which, when lying down, barely covered my breasts. His fingers ran the edge of the material, touching bare skin. I couldn’t help my reaction and my nipples beaded, a shiver ran through my body.
“Your body is so responsive to my touch, I love that about you.” Who wouldn’t be responsive with this kind of torture? I spoke to soon as the torture escalated. Brian flipped me over on the couch, laying me on my stomach. For a second he didn’t say anything and then I realized why.
“Yes it is a ‘sexy’ ass” as he gave my ass a light tap. I had forgotten the writing on my shorts for a second.
“You didn’t just slap my ass?”
“Yeah, I did. What are you going to do about it?” I was able to move fast enough to surprise him as I flipped around and pushed him back on the couch. I straddle him and his look of surprise quickly turned sensual as I felt how aroused he was.
“Do you like being on top Mikayla? Because that definitely works for me too.” He held my hips to him so that I felt the full extent of how much he liked having me on top.
“I want you to kiss me Mikayla.” His hand was in my hair and he gently pulled my mouth to his as he leaned in, holding me so that we were both sitting with me straddling him.
“You’re injured and should be resting.”
“Trust me; I will be in more pain if we stop.” With that our lips found each other and a storm of passion took over. We parted long enough to remove my tank and his shirt. I managed to keep this one intact rather than having to buy him a new wardrobe. His upper body was amazing, sculpted and smooth. Although, he had one hand in my hair and the other found my breast sending wicked sensations coursing through my body, I managed to make my way down his throat, feathering kisses. As I kissed his chest, I took his nipple into my mouth alternating between flicking it with my tongue and giving it a little nip with my teeth. Brian groaned and his hand tightened its grip in my hair and my breast.
“Do you like that Brian?”
“Hell yeah I like that!” His guttural reply had me wanting to give him more pleasure. As I gave his other nipple the same attention, I moved my hips and started grinding his bulging erection. His hands went to my waist as he pulled me to him rocking his hips against me as his lips found mine and tongues battled it out. I ended the kiss and slowly slid down his body so that I was kneeling on the floor between his legs. As I undid his belt buckle we locked gazes and the look he gave me was one of desire that fuelled me on. I was a little hesitant at my brazenness but after the selfless pleasure he gave me the other night I wanted to return the favour.
I unzipped his jeans and he lifted his hips to help me remove them. To my surprise he had been going commando so no need to bother with removing underwear. His erection was huge and drops of pre-cum glisten at the tip. I kept eye contact as I moved my mouth closer and my tongue eagerly sneaked out to touch the tip and lick the moisture pooling there. Brian’s head dropped back on the couch for a second as he grunted.
“God, yes!” That was all the encouragement I needed. My hand gripped the base of his erection as the other cupped his balls, massaging them firmly. I could see Brian fisting his hands at his side fighting the urge to guide my mouth back to his straining arousal. I slowly licked the underside of his erection, flicking my tongue at the sensitive spot there.
“Ah yeah!” I took him in my mouth and continued flicking my tongue as I could feel him losing control and his hips starting rocking back and forth. I moved my hands to his inner thighs and dug in my nails inflicting a little pain as Brian couldn’t hold back much longer. His hands went to my head as he finally let go and I took his release. As I removed my nails from his thighs, I could see that I had left more scratches. Brian obviously felt the damage I had inflicted when he commented.
“My little hellcat.” He smiled, satiated and pulled me up as we both lied down on the couch. The head injury must have taken more out of him than I had thought or he was willing to admit as he was quickly fading. “I may have to give you a rain check to reciprocate. I want to do it right and I don’t seem to have the energy right now.” His voice was fading as he started nodding off. “Definitely a rain check hellcat...” Although still aroused and a little frustrated, I couldn’t blame Brian. He probably should not have overexerted himself to begin with. As he found sleep, I got up and covered him in a blanket admiring his restful face, lump on his head and all.
How did he get injured and what was the security breach he was looking into?
*****
Chapter 17
The smell of coffee and bacon filled the air. As I sat up and took in my surroundings, I noticed Mikayla in the kitchen sipping her coffee and cooking breakfast. I could definitely see myself waking up to this scene every morning. She is tough but there is something about her that is mysterious and innocent at the same time. Mikayla must have sensed me staring.
“Good morning, how’s your head feeling?” She had donned a short silk robe to cover up the nearly there tank top and ‘sexy’ shorts but it was still sexy.
“Good as new, do you want to come over and check to make sure?” I could definitely go a round with Mikayla first thing in the morning. 
“Our bacon would burn and you don’t want to come between me and my bacon.”
“I thought it was the caffeine that you had an unbreakable bond with?”
“Definitely but bacon is a very close second. You have a few minutes before breakfast is ready if you want to go across the hall and clean up.” I suppose I probably should shower and take off the leftover mud from last night’s little incident in the woods.
“Save me some coffee; I will be back in a five minutes.” I kissed her neck and lightly tapped her ass as I exited the apartment before she could retaliate. The shower felt good and the throbbing in my head was now a dull headache. I will be one hundred percent in no time and then Mikayla and I will finish what we started over the last few weeks. At least she wasn’t running scared this morning.
As I walked through Mikayla’s door, she was placing the plates on the table. Her appetite still amazed me, especially considering how fit she is.
“I hope you are good with bacon, eggs and toasts...and coffee of course.”
“Everything looks great but you didn’t have to go to all this trouble.” Although, I have to admit it is quite flattering that she took the time to make me breakfast.
“No worries, I always make myself a big breakfast so I just made extra.” Man, she is good at ego blows whether intentional or not. So much for thinking she went the extra mile for me. Then again I left her aroused and unsatisfied last night so I deserve whatever she dishes out today or at least until we fix that situation.
“So you mentioned that you were out last night looking into a break in; what’s that about?” I must have been more out of it than I thought; I don’t even remember mentioning anything about the break in to her. “This facility is supposed to be renowned for its security.”
“I can’t get into too much detail but there was a security breach and we are trying to figure out how it occurred.”
“Was anything taken?” Although, her demeanour was casual interest, there was something intense about her questions.
“Before I get into that, I have a few questions for you Mikayla. How did you get a gun into a secure facility and why do you have one?” Mikayla physically withdrew and returned to the kitchen to refill her coffee cup. She couldn’t hide the tremor in her hand when she poured.
“What are you talking about Brian?” Well this is not going to be a pleasant conversation.
“I saw it last night Mikayla. You tried to hide it but I saw you put the gun in an ankle holster. How were you able to by-pass security?”
“You had just received a blow to the head Brian, you’re mistaken, I didn’t have a gun.” Now that just pisses me off. She won’t even trust me with the truth.
“Mikayla, at this point you better level with me. I know what I saw and we have a serious security breach. I don’t believe in coincidences and the only reason I haven’t reported you is because I don’t believe you are capable of something criminal but lying to me is definitely not the way to go. Not to mention the theft could have taken place on the night I found you in the Research and Development Building.” Mikayla seemed to be having an internal debate before resignation finally set in.
“Let’s go in the living room.” We made our way to the couch where last night’s encounter took place. Distracted by the memories of Mikayla’s full lips on me I hadn’t even notice she had started talking.
“I don’t even know where to start; I have never blown my cover before.” What is she talking about a cover? “This is all your fault, you make me crazy and I can’t think straight around you!” I grabbed her hand as she stood and pulled her back down to the couch so she was sitting next to me.
“Whoa! Hold up! You’re the one with the gun and all of a sudden this is my fault! Don’t walk away, we are having this conversation.”
“You don’t understand Brian, I am good at my job and whatever is going on between us is jeopardizing it.”
“How does what is happening between us jeopardize your position as a Business Analyst?” This isn’t making any sense.
“I am qualified to be a Business Analyst but that is not why I am here. I need your help, you have access to information that I need to...”
“Hang on, is that why you are more open to getting close to me now? You need to pump me for information?”
“Oh, get off it Brian, if you actually think back, you would realize that you were the one doing the pursuing.”
“Maybe you were playing hard to get so I would chase you.”
“Obviously I suck at that considering our last few encounters. If that is what you think of me then this conversation is pointless.” She’s right; she did everything to push me away in the beginning.
“You’re right. I was the one who tried to get you to admit that something was going on between us.” She hesitated and seemed to consider whether or not she should continue. “I want to help you but I need to know what you are doing here?”
“I am working undercover for the CIA. I was given this assignment after some chatter about Jacobson’s was overheard by a few agencies including the CIA.”
“What kind of chatter are you talking about?”
“I can’t believe I am trusting you with my career by sharing this information not to mention national security. You better not disappoint me Brian.”
“I’ve never been accused of disappointing a woman.” That statement got me an eye roll. “Hey, like you said, maybe we can work together to deal with whatever it is you are here for.” She seemed to be considering it; that’s a good sign.
“The chatter mentions that a top secret prototype is going to be obtained from Jacobson’s Technologies and put for sale on the black market. I was sent in to find out who the inside person is and put a stop to it. So far I haven’t had much luck.”
“Is that what you were doing in my building the other night?” I knew it was too good to be true to think that she couldn’t resist being away from me; there’s nothing like being used to deflate the ego. At least she had the decency to look remorseful.
“Yes, initially, but don’t think for a second that what happened between us was all part of a cover up.”
“Why shouldn’t I? You continually push me away and then all of a sudden I catch you in a compromising situation and you’re all over me.”
“Excuse me? I’m all over you? Get your head out of your ass Brian because that was definitely not a one sided encounter. The kiss may have started out to prevent you from questioning me further on my presence there, but what followed had nothing to do with a cover. I would never use sex to manipulate a situation.”
“Oh I know that, it wasn’t sex. We always seem to stop short before sealing that deal. Is that part of your assignment? Playing the tease to get information?”
“Oh that’s rich! What happened to ‘that was the best sexual experience I ever had.’ You hypocrite, I guess that was just a line since now you think I’m a tease! Besides, you’re the one who passed out last night asking for a rain check, not me. So who’s using who?” 
“Wait a minute, how did this turn into my fault!” This conversation was deteriorating fast, I was pissed at being duped but she didn’t deserve being called a tease. “Listen, bottom line is we have a dangerous weapon missing and if what you’re telling me is true, we are on the same side. Let’s focus on that for now.”
“That’s what I’ve been trying to do since we started this conversation but you make me lose my focus.” As she ran her hand through her hair, the frustration in that statement spoke volumes. She did not feel in control of her emotions and I think I like being the cause of that...yeah, I like that a lot. We called a truce and started from the beginning comparing notes and mapping out a plan to get to the bottom of this. Mikayla is not only a beautiful woman but an undercover agent sporting a gun. There is not a man in the world who doesn’t think that is hot. I am definitely not an exception, focusing is going to be a definite challenge...not that it wasn’t before.
*****
Chapter 18
Two hours had passed since Brian had found out I was on an undercover assignment. For a while there, I thought he would blow my cover but we were able to focus on the big picture. The missing prototype is definitely priority number one. Our relationship took a beating and I am not sure where we stand with it right now but that will have to wait. Besides, I was never sure where it stood from the beginning. Brian was drawing a chart as he started recapping what we had discussed.
“So far we have made a list of people who are aware of the prototype’s existence. I’ve filled in the years of service for the engineers I’ve worked with and any other relevant information I could think of.” Good thing Brian is a sociable kind of guy since he was able to add comments about a lot of our suspects. “We know that it is likely an inside job since the security measures did not kick in and they were not disabled which means that the person who took the prototype had access.”
“Do we know if any of the staff are disgruntled or having money problems?”
“Most of the staff here are single since they are isolated within the facility. I know that one of the six Engineers is married and his wife works in the Marketing Department. Two of the six are divorced so there may be some financial burden there. The other three are bachelors, one of them being a woman; so technically two bachelors and one bachelorette.”
“What’s your take on your boss?”
“He did try to stall John from informing the Executive Team and shutting down the facility but I don’t see him being involved. He seemed genuinely concerned with the theft of the prototype.”
“If the chatter is any indication, someone had to have contact with the outside world to coordinate with potential buyers. Do you think they have been able to get the prototype off site?”
“They had a few days to do it before the theft was even noticed but it would have been pretty bold. They must know that security would look at anyone who had contact with the outside world during that time frame. My guess is that it is still within the compound awaiting transport.” I like the way Brian thought. He was a good sounding board and had insight on possible scenarios. If I actually took time to analyse this, I would probably conclude that we worked well together. I may as well come clean about my other snooping activities.
“I had gotten copies of some documents from the sales department in the hopes of identifying the weapon that was going to be sold but there wasn’t much there and since we now know which prototype was targeted, it would seem that my snooping brought a big goose egg in the results department.”
“Wait a minute that was you? Security registered a break in at the Human Resources and Sales building the same night that you made your appearance at my building. My, my you were a busy little kitten.” He actually seemed impressed. I guess that’s better than the alternative.
“Guilty, I wasn’t getting anywhere and I knew time was running out. Turns out I was right. I am going to have to get in touch with my boss and let him know the prototype has been stolen.”
“We may still be able to get it back. I am convinced that it is still on the facility grounds. It’s the only thing that makes sense considering security is so tight and after a review of the security tapes they did not find any outside communications or exchanges during the weekend. Whoever is involved must have an escape plan in place to get off the facility. They must have known that we would find out the prototype was missing after the weekend. ”
“Either way, the situation has escalated and we are going to need some background information on our possible suspects.”
“And just how are you planning to get in touch with your boss? Security is even tighter than usual.”
“Are you questioning my abilities?” He had every right to considering I just blew my cover.
“Although you almost got caught snooping in my office, which was a memorable experience by the way, I am sure when you set your mind to something, you get it done.” The problem is figuring out what my mind and my heart want. This job is taking its toll. “I am just curious on the how. Maybe it could give me some insight on how our thief might have done the same.”
“The Agency has some nifty little gadgets and the latest and greatest in technologies, one of which allows me to bypass the Jacobson firewall and send an encrypted email to the outside world.”
“Well then let’s make a list of the things we want them to check out.”
Thirty minutes later, we compiled our list which included financials, family, friends and acquaintances, ties to terrorists, any trips in the last few years, employment history and anything else that may be relevant. Brian stretched and stood up as I was sending the email to Jake. Our heated conversation about my being undercover seemed like weeks ago but it was really only a few short hours. I wasn’t sure where we stood or how Brian felt but I was definitely not going to ask and look needy. Besides it is what it is, he can either accept it or not.
“I’ve got to get back and report into my boss. Whoever gave me this lump on the head obviously didn’t want me snooping.” He made his way to the door.
“Okay, I’m going to review what we’ve got and see if there is anyone else we may have missed.” I wasn’t sure what else to say and all of a sudden my feet were the most interesting thing in the room. I couldn’t seem to keep eye contact with him. He must have sensed my awkwardness but all I heard was the click of the door closing as I looked up and he was gone. I guess our current relationship is one of working together to find the weapon and the person who took it. Logically that worked for me, that’s what I was sent here to do...but it didn’t feel like it was anywhere near enough.
After an hour of reviewing what Brian and I had come up with and checking my emails 10 times hoping to get something on our possible suspects from Jake, I decided I needed to get out of the apartment for a while. I changed into some exercise clothes and grabbed my sneakers intent on burning off some nervous energy with a jog on one of the many trails. I was just about to leave when I thought of leaving Brian a note so he would know where I was in case he got some more information. I was so used to working alone that it was an odd feeling to think of keeping someone else in the loop. I kind of liked the idea that someone had my back.
My injured leg was burning but it felt so good jogging through the woods with only the sounds of nature to interrupt my thoughts. I had finally made my decision. I was getting out of the CIA. I loved what I did and the difference I was able to make with every successful assignment but I wasn’t as driven anymore and I kept wondering if I would have regrets later on if I stayed. Brian probably helped me admit what I had been thinking all along. I want to buy a house and actually live in it instead of a suitcase. I want a family and some sense of normalcy. Not that I don’t want a little action to keep me on my toes, but I need more of a balance. After seeing my reaction to Brian and how difficult it would be to maintain my cover, I want a relationship that is open and honest.
As I turned to head back, I decided to cut across and go off trail. I knew it would save me a good twenty minutes and exhaustion was starting to set in. I just wanted to get back, take a shower, check my emails and see if Brian had any additional information. I liked being around him and I wanted to see if we can salvage any semblance of a relationship when this is said and done. He made me laugh but more importantly it was the closest thing to a comfortable relationship where I am able to let go…even if it is just a little for now. The fact that he knew what I did for a living and didn’t run for the hills was a bonus. As I headed downhill, I noticed movement from the corner of my eye. My first thought was an animal but my gut was telling me to take a closer look. As I trotted over, I noticed what looked like a long black bag protruding from the leaves. Looking around for any signs of life, I knelt and brushed the leaves off. As I was opening the zipper to look at the content excitement at having potentially found the prototype coursed through my body. I caught the quick movement on my left a little too late. A man with a dark mask had me in a choke hold and I was quickly losing my battle with consciousness as the oxygen was cut off. I tried to kick back and distract him so he would loosen his grip but it wasn’t working. I tried to flip him to the side but he readjusted his stance. As everything went black, I wondered if anyone would find me this far off the path or if it would even matter if I was dead.
“Mikayla! Mikayla! Answer me!” I could hear what sounded like a buzzing noise but couldn’t quite make it out. My body felt cold and a sharp pain in my throat when I tried to swallow brought me back to my surroundings. I was lying on the ground in a pile of leaves and my throat burned like crazy. I sat up as I heard that unmistakable voice.
“Mikayla! Please answer me!” There was an edge of panic in Brian’s voice and I wondered how long I had been out cold. He must have gotten the note I had slipped under his door but I was surprised he had found me considering the number of trails. 
“Bri..” I tried to answer but I had no voice and the attempt only brought on fits of coughing which had me wincing. I tried to stand and leaned heavily on trees as I made my way back to the trail. Thank goodness for my bright yellow T-shirt, Brian must have heard the noise I was making and spotted me through the trees.
“Mikayla! Thank God! What happened? Why didn’t you answer me! I have been looking for you for hours!” As he came at a run, I noticed that he was sweating and his face showed his exertion and concern. I had obviously been out for a few hours.
“I think...” It was no use, my voice was hoarse and it was too painful to talk.
“Mikayla, what’s wrong, why can’t you...” I know the exact moment he saw my throat and what must have been the beginnings of some nasty bruises on my neck. “Who did this to you?” He was quick to look around and see if someone was lurking but I am pretty sure they were long gone as well as the bag.
“I didn’t see his...” Brian saw my struggle to speak and stand upright. He quickly picked me up and cradled me to him as he carried me back to the trail and headed to our apartments. As we passed a few people Brian explained why he was carrying me.
“She took a spill and has a slight sprain. A little ice and she will be good as new in the morning.” Yeah, all it will take is a scarf to hide bruises that will be a beautiful shade of green, yellow, black and blue by tomorrow. I can always say I have laryngitis if my voice is still rusty. He brought me to his apartment and set me on the bed as he paced back and forth clenching and unclenching his fists. He stalked out of the room and came back with a glass of water. I took a few sips, the cool water feeling wonderful as it went down my raw throat.
“Thanks” It was only a whisper but it was audible.
“Do you need anything else before I take a shower?” 
“We should check under my nails to see if I scratched him. We may be able to match up some DNA if we find our suspect.”
“I’ll get something to scrap under your nails and bag it. Can you get it to Jake?”
“Yeah, I can make that happen.” Brian got the DNA under my nails and sealed the bag. 
“Thanks.” I didn’t even recognize my own voice. Brian seemed to be hanging on to his anger by a thread as he stalked to the bathroom and I heard the shower start up. I went to his mirror and saw what probably fuelled his anger. There was a big red mark across my throat, my cheek had a small cut and my T-shirt had a tear at the neck. I don’t even remember that happening but I may have been the one to tear the shirt as I tried to pry at the arm cutting off my air supply. My hair had seen better days and I was all sweaty and stiff. Brian wasn’t the only one in need of a shower. I debated whether or not to join him but I thought better of it. The way things ended this morning left me unsure if he would welcome my presence. I could see that he cared about me but maybe it was more general concern or protective instinct that he would have had for any woman that had gone through an ordeal. I was still lost in thought as I felt Brian come up behind me. I looked in the mirror and our eyes locked.
“What happened Mikayla.” His voice was low and he lifted his hand to my hair and moved it away from my neck. The tenderness in his eyes and his touch was more than I could stand at the moment. I prided myself on being strong but the reality that I had almost died seemed to sink in and I could feel the tears coming. What the hell! I never cry and I certainly wasn’t going to do it for the first time in front of an audience even if it was Brian.
“I need to take a shower.” I moved away and headed for the door. Brian gave me my space but he quietly followed me into my apartment across the hall. We didn’t speak as I grabbed some clothes and headed to the bathroom. As I let the water run over me, I leaned against the wall and slid to the ground, the silent tears mingling with the water running down my face. I don’t know how long I sat there but I didn’t hear the knock on the door or Brian asking if I was all right. He slid the glass shower door open, took one look at me sitting in the corner and stepped in fully clothed.
“Come here Mikayla.” He gathered me up and turned me around so I had my back to him. He started gently washing my hair and then proceeded to wash the rest of my body careful of my neck and scratches as I stood there. It was as if I was in shock and nothing seemed to register other than I could have died. As an agent you know it’s a possibility and part of the hazards of the job but having the air choked out of you really brings it into perspective.
Brian wrapped me in a towel and sat me on the bed. He disappeared for a few minutes and came back in a dry pair of faded jeans. I must really be out of it because the sight of his naked torso would normally do wicked things to me.
“Mikayla you’re scaring me. Are you able to talk about what happened?” He had grabbed the brush on the side table, leaned against the bed’s headboard and pulled my back to him as he started working out the tangles from my wet hair.
“I think so.” Although a little rusty sounding, my throat and voice seemed to be faring better than an hour ago. “I decided to jog on the trails because I had some things to sort out. I wanted to cut across and save some time because I was curious to find out if you had any news or if the Agency had responded to my email. As I headed back, I thought I saw movement in the woods so I went to check it out. Brian, I think you were right about the prototype still being on the grounds. I found what looked like a long black gun case hidden in the leaves.” I couldn’t keep the excitement from my rusty voice.
“Based on the specs and pictures Mike and John showed me, the prototype was stored in a black case about 4 feet in length.”
“That must have been it! I was just about to open it when I felt something move next to me and the next thing I knew I was in a choke hold. Brian, I tried to get out of it but I couldn’t.” The defeated tone in my voice was not lost on me. I should have gotten out of that hold. Tears welled up again and I struggled to keep them in check.
“I know my little hellcat and I am sure he is sporting a few bruises too.”
“I honestly don’t remember if I connected any blows. It happened so fast. I know I tried to kick him and get him to loosen his grip but other than that it’s a little foggy.”
“All the same, we’ll pay close attention to our list of suspects and see if they have some bruises or scratches.” I really did like the way he thought. He had started massaging my shoulders, careful to stay well clear of my bruised throat. It felt so good as the adrenaline of the whole situation was wearing off. It felt good to be able to confide in Brian and share what happened. Normally I would have kept things to myself or had an impersonal debrief at the end of my assignment. 
“Sounds like a plan.” My voice sounded half asleep, even to me. “Thank you Brian…thank you for finding me.” Brian moved to pull back the sheets. He lied down and pulled me to his chest. My towel had loosened and was closer to my waist. The feel of skin on skin was so comforting that I was asleep in no time.
*****
Chapter 19
Mikayla had fallen into a deep sleep almost immediately, the ordeal of the day having taken its toll on her. I wanted to check her emails and see if she had received any information from her contact. I had watched her access her emails earlier so it would be easy to take a quick look. I slid out of bed even though it was difficult to let her go. I never thought I would feel like this about a woman especially in such a short period of time. Holding her was natural and although she is as tough as they come and I love that about her, she needed a shoulder this evening and it felt good to be there for her. It took everything I had to keep it from getting sexual but I knew she needed a different kind of physical closeness after her attack. If I get my hands on the son of a bitch that did this to her, he is going to wish he had never met her. Knowing Mikayla, if she got her hands on him, he would likely be wishing the same. I wouldn’t want her as my enemy.
I made my way to her laptop and checked the emails. She had received an email from her contact, Jake. There was an attachment for each of our suspects but it was the message that caught my attention.
“Hey Baby girl! I’ve attached the information you requested. I hope you’re taking care of your many attributes and come back to me in one piece. Jake” There was no doubt that this was more than a merely professional relationship. What was he to her and did she return the affection that seemed present in the message. The timing of the information was excellent as I was scheduled to contact my employer in less than a minute. I checked on Mikayla to make sure she was still sleeping and made the call.
“Hello Director Stillman, its Braydan, we have had some developments.”
“You better have Braydan; I am paying you good money for results.” I’m not sure I’d go as far as saying good money.
“Well you could have told me there was a CIA Agent working undercover; that could have gotten dicey.”
“Need to know Braydan and I guess I underestimated your abilities since you were able to ascertain that there was an agent on site. I couldn’t put all my eggs in one basket with an ex-cop now turned Private Investigator could I? On the other hand, I was concerned that the CIA would keep everything close to their vest. What have you got? The other Jacobson Board members are getting wind that something is going on since security has gone on full lockdown.” I gave him a rundown of events that happened over the last few days.
“I believe we are narrowing down the suspect list. From what we can tell the weapon is still on the grounds and has not made its way to the market.”
“I trusted you with my identity!” Uh oh, busted. I turned to find Mikayla with her gun levelled at my head.
“Director I have to go. Hopefully I will be in touch soon.” I disconnected the call without waiting for a response.
“Who are you Brian...or is it Braydan? Who did you just blow my cover to?”
“My name is Braydan and it’s not what you think Mikayla, we are on the same side. Please put the gun down so we can talk about this.”
“There’s nothing to talk about, you lied to me.”
“Oh, that’s rich coming from you, Ms. Secret Agent. We obviously both have jobs that require us to keep some aspects of our life hidden.” Okay antagonizing her while she’s pointing a gun at my head was not one of my stellar moves.
“Well you know about my job, would you care to reciprocate and tell me whose team you’re playing on and why I wasn’t informed?”
“I think Mr. Mark Stillman, he is ex-military and a member of the Jacobson Board of Directors, wanted to be kept in the loop and thought the CIA might freeze him out. I didn’t know there was an undercover agent on the case just like you didn’t know that I was working for him as well.”
“I don’t work for him, I work for the Agency. So what is your part in this little play?” I wish she would put the gun away.
“I’m a private investigator. I worked as a cop with the LAPD for ten years and decided to hang it up while I was still in one piece. I needed a change of scenery, moved to Colorado and got my PI licence. I’ve been making a living doing something I love for two years.” Something seemed to change in her eyes as I explained my life history in 60 words or less. She lowered the gun seemingly resigned to believing me. She made her way to the couch and dropped to a sitting position, covering her face with her hands.
“Mikayla, we’re on the same team. We need to locate the prototype and put the thief away for a very long time. I know I’m not your favourite person right now but let’s finish this together.”
“Was it all about the case for you?” She turned to look at me and the look of weariness and innocence struck me. That’s what I loved about her, she was claws and fire one minute and innocent the next.
“I didn’t know who you were at first and I was attracted to you and your smart ass mouth from day one.” That brought a little smile to her face. “Mikayla, who’s Jake and what does he mean to you?”
“You know who Jake is, he’s my contact.” 
“Why does he call you Baby Girl? It sounds like more than a professional relationship.”
“How do you know about that?” Man I‘m not batting a hundred today, first the call and now her email. Her thoughts seem to follow mine as she turned to her laptop and stared back at me. She was pissed.
“Would you believe I was playing solitaire on your laptop and just happened to see an email from him?”
“Are you forgetting I am a trained agent and as far as lying goes, you suck!” Now that was uncalled for. 
“Well, I can’t be that bad since I was working undercover and you never clued in.” Open mouth and insert foot. You could see the claws coming out. Before she came at me full force, I needed to disarm her. Not that I think she would shoot me but accidents do happen. “How about we finish the conversation without weapon in hand?”
“Well since you think you’re so good, why don’t you take it from me. Safety’s on big guy, give it your best shot.” A challenge, she asked for it. We were standing near the bedroom door and before I could even make a move, she swiped my leg out from under me. I hit the floor on my ass, hard.
“Brian, I mean Braydan, you are going to have to stand on your own two feet if you have any chance of disarming me.”
“Not necessarily.” Her eyes widened as she realized she was too close to me. At over six feet, I have a significant reach which can be a definite advantage on a shorter opponent. I grabbed her ankle and pulled as she landed on her sexy derriere as I stood up and kicked the gun away in a fluid motion. “You were saying about standing on your feet?” I didn’t even have time to react as she launched herself at me. We both toppled onto the bed each of us trying to get the upper hand.
“Considering my email is password protected, I highly doubt you were able to access the account by playing solitaire.” Knowing Mikayla, she is not going to like the fact that I was able to get the password while her guard was down. We were jockeying for position on the bed as we breathlessly spoke.
“I’m a very observant person and I noticed your password when you logged on earlier. By the way who is Mia? It’s a pretty name.”
“None of your business and that confirms it; I am losing my edge if I let my guard down for anyone to get my password.” Mikayla is strong but my height and weight advantage allowed me to pin her on her stomach while lying on her so she couldn’t kick me in the family jewels. She was trying to get out from under me with no success.
“First of all, I don’t think I’m just anyone and secondly, we are working together on this aren’t we?” Her squirming was starting to get to me. She had exchanged the towel for a small silk robe and I couldn’t help but wonder if she had taken the time to put underwear and a bra on. My thoughts must have distracted me giving her the advantage as she tried to manoeuvre out from under me. In a flash she reached into the open drawer of the bedside table and took out a pair of handcuffs. In two seconds flat I was shackled to the bed post. Mikayla was on the side of the bed looking at me as I pulled on the restraints.
“Very funny Mikayla, unlock the handcuffs.” I struggled against the cuffs knowing it wouldn’t do any good as she crawled to me making her way across the bed in her silk robe. The look in her eyes mirrored the change in tension in the room as her anger seemed to change to the hellcat from the other night. Her slow movements provided me with glimpses of cleavage and silky skin. “Wasn’t it you who not very long ago wondered what I had in my arsenal? I believe you mentioned something about handcuffs.” Her rusty voice was lower and sexier than ever as she crawled towards me.
“That depends, are you about to have your way with me? For the record, my thoughts were more along the lines of you sporting these lovely bracelets.” Mikayla straddled me placing her hands on my abs just above my jeans. The look she gave me definitely wasn’t that of a kitten, the claws were going to come out. Bring it on, sweetheart.
“Do you want me to have my way with you?”
“Hell, yes!”
“You’re not concerned about what I might do to you in this vulnerable state?” She had started tugging at the button on my jeans her fingertips running across the inside edge.
“I’m more afraid that you decide not to do anything.” As I strained against the handcuffs my state of arousal could not be missed as Mikayla’s breathing hitched, her nipples pushing against the gapping material of her silk robe. The air in the bedroom was thick with sexual tension.
“You are beautiful Mikayla. I love your wild side.” We are finally going to finish what we started or I may not survive.
“Mia, my name is Mia.”
*****
Chapter 20
Oh my God! How did things get so out of control! I actually have a man handcuffed to my bed, I’m barely dressed and I’m straddling a half naked man. Not just any man but Braydan. 
“You make me crazy Braydan. I’ve never done anything like this but I think I may just enjoy torturing you.” My nails dug into his abs as he strained against the handcuffs.
“Works for me as long as you put me out of my misery in the end.” That sexy smile did amazing things to me. Unfortunately as soon as I caught a glimpse of it, it disappeared and his face was stripped of emotion.
“Who’s Jake to you Mikayla?” 
“Seriously, you’re handcuffed to the bed half dressed with a barely clothed woman straddling you and you want to talk about Jake.” 
“I need to know before we go any further that he isn’t someone important to you.” 
“He is someone important to me but not in the way you may think.” His body stilled and his gaze was locked on mine as if my answer would determine the outcome of our relationship. The fact that he cared meant that I was more to him than a short term fling. That felt better than it should.
“Spit it out, I’m dying here.” Good to know I’m not alone in my sexual frustration.
“Jake is a friend of my brother’s. He’s known me since I was a little girl. Yes I care about him but only as a big brother figure.”
“What about him? How do you know he doesn’t care for you more than just a little sister? I know I couldn’t keep my distance.”
“He is happily married and besides, my brother would kill him if he ever had any designs on me. In fact if my brother knew I was here with a smart ass gigolo like you, he would kill you too.”
“Somehow that seems extremely unfair considering I’m the one helpless and handcuffed to the bed. For the record, I may flirt but I’m far from being a gigolo.” I actually snorted at that.
“Helpless, not likely! Gigolo, probably.”
“Mia, innocent flirting is one thing but I take my relationships seriously. We’ve gotten to know each other over the last few weeks, don’t you trust me?” I took the time to pause and think through everything that has happened since my arrival at Jacobson’s and asked myself: ‘Would I trust him to have my back’ and the resounding answer was yes.
“After everything that’s happened, yeah I do trust you Braydan.”
“Good because I’m hoping we are going to finish what we started.” The look he gave me cut any further conversation short. I leaned in to gently kiss his lips. My breathing was already ragged in anticipation when he deepened the kiss. As I started pulling away, he tried to pull me back forgetting that he was handcuffed to the bed. He groaned in frustration at being restrained.
“I want to be able to touch you.”
“You will...eventually.” I continued to tease him with kisses feathering down his throat; my hands moved to his jeans cupping his hardness. “Wasn’t this one of your little fantasies? A sexy police officer with handcuffs? I’m not sure about the sexy but I’ve got the handcuffs.” He looked at my gapping silk robe which was revealing more skin than was ever intended and then returned his gaze to my eyes.
“You are the sexiest woman I have ever met; you’re my hellcat.” Braydan’s possessive words eliminated the remnants of any insecurity I may have had. I leaned in and let my tongue circle the hard tip of his nipple and roughly nipping with my teeth from time to time. It had him writhing and pulling against the handcuffs. His deep growl turned me on as I applied more pressure with the hand still cupping his hardness which surprisingly was getting even harder. I could feel my own arousal getting out of control as the heat pooled between my legs and my nipples were visible through the silk. Braydan had obviously noticed my lack of clothing beneath the silk.
“Please Mia, let me touch you, pleasure you.” He pulled so hard against the restraints; I was worried the bed post wouldn’t hold up under the pressure.
“Not yet, I want to have my way with you first.” Holy crap! Did I actually say that? So much for my typical shyness when it comes to physical encounters. Braydan has definitely corrupted me...and I was surprisingly okay with that.
“Only if I can return the favour after.”
“At this point, you’re not in a position to negotiate.” His breath hissed out as I moved to strip him of his jeans; he was definitely aroused as I touched my lips to the tip and circled it with my tongue. I could feel his body stiffen as he tried to hold back; the rattling of the handcuffs on the iron bed frame a reminder that he was helpless to move.
“Don’t tease Mia or this will be over before it begins.”
“We have a few hours and I have never had a man at my mercy in bed. I intend to make the best of it.” With that I straddled him once again and rubbed his hardness against my already sensitive clit. We were both ready as I slowly lowered myself on him. I could tell Braydan was struggling to let me set the pace by his tense muscles and clenched jaw. I could barely take him all in as I raised myself up just leaving the tip of his erection covered and then lowering myself. This time Braydan raised his hips to fully complete our joining.
“God Mia, you feel so good. Take off you robe so I can see you.” I slowly undid the silk sash as the look in Braydan’s eyes burned through me. As the robe slipped off my shoulders I could feel my nipples harden even further. All thought of slow torture left me as I moved over Braydan my hands and nails gripping his chest to keep my balance and the harrowing pace I was setting. The sounds of our lovemaking were pushing us over the edge. The sight of Braydan handcuffed and me having my way with him was not lost on us. Our eyes locked and I went over the edge, Braydan losing control seconds later as I convulsed over him.
All you could hear was our laboured breathing. As I struggled to move, I saw the scratch marks on his chest and even though I had just had the best sexual experience in my life, I wanted him again. I turned to the bedside table for the keys to the handcuffs. As I leaned over to unlock them, Braydan took my nipple into his mouth as my breath caught.
“Unlock the handcuffs Mia.” The order was gruff and promised of retaliation for my little stunt. I hesitated but then I was still aroused and a little curious about what he would do. As the click of the handcuffs releasing was heard, I barely had time to react that Braydan had turned the tables. 
“My turn to play Mia.” He whispered the promise in my ear as he turned me over on the bed so that I was on my knees, hands gripping the bed frame. Braydan positioned himself behind me as his hands cupped my breasts and I was vaguely aware of a hand making its way down my body. He paused just laying his hand between my legs and applying a little pressure. I turned my head to look back, our eyes locked and he parted the folds and gently inserted his finger. After our lovemaking, I was definitely ready for him but he continued to tease until I decided to quicken the pace by moving my hips faster and faster. I didn’t care if it was brazen, I just didn’t want this feeling to end.
“That feels so good!” I felt a second finger join the first and I could feel his hardness against me. My whole body was humming with the building tension for the second time this evening. As he moved away from me, I couldn’t help but protest.
“Don’t stop!” He leaned over me positioning himself to take me from behind and whispered in my ear.
“Never, not as long as you want me. I promise.” He was entering me as he wrapped his arm around my waist lifting me to him while he buried himself inside me. His other hand grabbing hold of my hair creating indescribable sensations coursing through my body. 
“I want you! I have never felt anything like this before.” Braydan picked up the pace as I completely lost control my body convulsing as I screamed in release and tightened my grip on the bed frame. I felt Braydan tense behind me as he groaned and for the second time this evening we both found pleasure. Sweaty and satiated, Braydan pulled me to him as we got under the covers.
“That was absolutely amazing! You are a sexy, complex woman and I have wanted to be with you since the day we met. This thing between us is way beyond anything I ever expected.”
“I know what you mean. I’ve never felt this way about anyone before.” Although we may not be using the L word, I think we both know that what’s going on between us was special. We just fit together in every possible way but we had to focus on the job before we could discuss a future. He must have been thinking the same thing.
“We need to get to the bottom of this. If the prototype is still here, it won’t be for long. I went through the information on each of our suspects and based on the data, I think we have two main suspects.”
“I want to go through it and make my own determination and then we can compare notes and see if we end up with the same three.”
“Absolutely, a double check is always a good thing.” He kissed me and gave me a hug as we both got dressed and headed to the living room to go over the information.
*****
Chapter 21
I went back to my apartment for a shower while Mia went over the information Jake had sent. The sooner we can get this case solved the sooner we can talk about us. There is a definite wild side to her that would keep things interesting. She enjoyed the excitement of our lovemaking and trusted that we would give each other pleasure. That meant more to me than I thought it would. I know it was a big step for her, for us.
As I knocked on the door, I was actually nervous about how she would react after having time to think about what had just happened.
“I’m glad you’re here, I went through the documents and I’m ready to compare notes.” She gave me a quick kiss on the lips and literally skipped back to the living room.
“Okay...have you had coffee, chocolate or sugar?”
“None of the above, why do you ask?” 
“No reason, you seem to have a lot of energy.”
“What can I say, I am ready for round three of lovemaking and that won’t happen until we solve this case.” Well then, no need to worry about her reaction to our intense encounter. “In fact maybe I can finally kick my caffeine addiction with you around so get your cute butt over here so we can get this case solved.” That sounds even better considering how much she needs and consumes coffee.
“Yes, Mam.” I saluted her as I made my way to the couch to sit next to her. She actually grabbed my ass on the way by. I like this flirty side of her; yet another intriguing quality of Mia to explore.
“So tell me who stood out for you from our original suspect list.” She turned the laptop so I could see the names of the possible suspects on screen and comment on those I felt were worthy of a second look.
“I think we should focus on these two.” I pointed to the names. “Terry Falker, divorced and a Senior Engineer; he has some gambling debts and owes some pretty shady people. They could certainly have connections to some potential buyers. Maybe they are threatening him if he doesn’t deliver the weapon. He has access to the weapon’s security system and motive. The next person I have is Mike Jacob, my boss. Although I don’t think he’s capable of this, his wife’s family does have ties with the Middle East where at least one of the potential buyers are rumoured to be from based on your information. They have also travelled there on a few occasions.” Mia was nodding her head in agreement as she started explaining her take on it.
“I have both Terry and Mike on my list for the same reasons as you but I also have a third suspect that I think we should consider. I had considered him initially but somehow got distracted.” She looked at me pointedly and gave me a little jab in the shoulder.
“Hey, you’re not the only one who got distracted and by the way I don’t regret having you as a distraction. In fact, distract away, you are much more interesting than this case.”
“You may find me more interesting but if the case isn’t solved it has the potential to be lethal. I, on the other hand, am just a sweet innocent woman.” She gave me what could pass as puppy dog eyes but the intelligence in her eyes still shined through.
“I think we have established that you could be lethal earlier. I distinctly recall having a gun pointed at my head, not to mention getting dropped on my ass and then handcuffed.” She looked sheepish for a moment.
“Yeah, sorry about the gun thing; I was pissed.”
“Remind me to disarm you before we get into an argument.”
“Better yet just agree with me on everything and there won’t be any arguments.”
“What would be the fun in that? I like seeing the hellcat in you once in a while. Besides, after a fight there is always make up sex and why would I deprive us of that?” She squeezed my thigh as she gave me a light kiss on the cheek.
“You’ve got a valid point but we need to focus on the case right now.” I guess I will have to agree this time but once this is over we are going to lock ourselves in some cabin for a week and only come up for air to eat.
“I think Tom Fowler could be worth looking into.”
“I have to admit the guy has the personality of a gnat but why do you suspect him?”
“The timing of his arrival and subsequent chatter is pretty coincidental. He is the only person on our suspect list that was hired within the last two years.”
“That’s a bit of a stretch. We can’t pin this on him for being hired around the right time. I am sure other staff were hired around then as well.”
“Other staff don’t have access to the top security buildings. He also had contact with the outside world while he was here.”
“How do you know that?”
“Karl had mentioned it when he took Karen and me to lunch when we first started. Rumour has it that Tom had a medical emergency that required surgery for which he was airlifted to the Hospital about a year ago. He was on the outside for a month supposedly recuperating before returning to work.”
“What do you say we check in with your ‘big brother’ Jake and find out if a surgery actually took place or if the widely spread rumour was just that.”
“That works for me. I should have done that when he first popped up on my radar.”
“Well if I was the cause of the delay, I’m OK with that.” I cupped her face with both hands and slowly pulled her closer for a soft kiss. I pulled back before it got out of hand. “We better focus on the job or were liable not to surface for another few hours.” Mia’s eyes widened.
“You could go a third round in the same day?” Her innocent question held genuine curiosity.
“With you next to me, absolutely. If you changed into your Genie outfit I may even be persuaded to go a few extra rounds.” The thoughtful look on her face had me wondering if she was actually going to test my theory. She seemed to shake off her thoughts.
“We’ll have to see about that after we solve this case.”
“I will definitely keep you to that when we’re done.” Mia sent the email requesting the information on Tom and any possible contact he may have had while outside the compound to Jake.
“Do you think Tom has the resources to transport the weapon off site?” She had a good point.
“It is next to impossible with the level of security.”
“Maybe we should consider if there is another player in this game. Is there anyone who can come and go as they please at Jacobson’s?” I like the way she thinks.
“I think that is only possible for the most senior positions such as Vice Presidents, CEO and Board Members. Even then they are checked at the security gate.” Mia smiled at my last statement. “What is it about the security gate that made you smile?”
“Oh, just my fond memories of my arrival at Jacobson’s. I think I made an impression on the Security guard.”
“What kind of impression?”
“The same impression I probably made on you with my smart ass mouth.”
“I seriously doubt that because the guard would have been chasing you to ask you out on a date if that was the case.” Her face turned red as she blushed at my comment.
“Oh trust me; he was definitely not interested in a date. He may have wanted to put his hands on me but it would have been to strangle me.”
“I could see you having that effect on a man.” My statement was followed with Mia throwing a pillow at me.
“Smart ass! Let’s get back to work. We hadn’t considered an accomplice within Senior Management. Maybe someone high up is pulling the strings but they have Tom doing all the dirty work to keep their hands clean. They could pave the way to help without anyone thinking twice about their involvement.”
“I say we have a little chat with Tom once we get confirmation from Jake that his trip may have been a non-health related leave.”
“Sounds good to me. I’m sure it won’t be long before Jake gets back to us.” Her stomach made an unladylike growl.
“How could I be so thoughtless? I forgot to feed your insatiable appetite...for food.”
“Shut up! I can satisfy my own appetite.”
“I’m sure you can but it’s so much more pleasant with another person.”
“You’re incorrigible! I meant for food.” 
“Mia, get your mind out of the gutter, I was referring to food. I don’t like eating alone. Why don’t we go get a bite to eat and check the email when we get back?” 
“We need to make sure we keep our covers intact so it’s Mikayla and Brian with other people.” Her hands went to her stomach as it growled in agreement to getting some food. “I guess I could do with a good meal. We must have burned some serious calories earlier.”
“Yeah, but if you’re going to burn calories, that is the most enjoyable way.”
*****
Chapter 22
We made our way to the Greek restaurant only to get flagged down by Karl and Karen.
“Mikayla, Brian, over here!” They were making their way to the restaurant doors from the other direction. Things must have worked out because they were holding hands and almost skipping along like teenagers.
“Karen, how have you been? I haven’t seen you in a few days; not since you went to work at the Human Resources Department.” Which is probably a good thing because I would not have had time to socialise considering all that has happened.
Karen looked up at Karl and the emotions on both their faces were obvious.
“Yeah, I’ve been meaning to talk to you but I...we’ve been kind of busy.” I’m guessing they’ve gotten past the talking phase of their relationship as Karl put his arm around her shoulders and gave a little squeeze. Braydan and I hadn’t gotten to the stage where I would be comfortable showing that kind of affection in public but I am starting to get my head around the idea. Braydan extended a hand to introduce himself.
“Hey Karl, I’m Brian, nice to finally meet you.” In all that had been going on, it completely slipped my mind that they had not formally met.
“I’ve heard a lot about you too Brian. Karen is definitely a fan of yours. I appreciate both of you supporting and encouraging Karen to pursue our relationship. If she hadn’t, I think we both would have been miserable working together and trying to ignore how we felt.” I must have missed something. I knew Karen liked Braydan but when did they talk about her feelings for Karl?
“I’m sure I speak for Mikayla when I say we are very happy that it seems to have been good advice.” Karen seemed to be having a hard time containing her joy and I am impressed that Braydan thought to keep both our covers.
“You have no idea! It’s amazing how we fit together. Were you headed to the restaurant for supper? Maybe we can sit together and catch up?” Uh oh, I’m not sure I’m ready to share any details around our relationship. It’s so new to me; I kind of want to process it before I share it with others. If it was just Karen, I may open up but not in front of Karl. I barely know him. I didn’t get a chance to comment when Braydan answered for the both of us.
“That sounds nice, why don’t we see if we can get a table for four.” Well that’s settled I guess.
The restaurant was crowded but there were a few booths left in the corner that allowed for some privacy. The waiter took our drink orders and left us with the menus. My stomach let out another unladylike growl which was loud enough for the whole table to hear. I think a few of the other customers even turned to look our way. It was so embarrassing. Braydan was laughing and Karl just looked shocked. Karen was the one to comment.
“Brian, I thought we agreed that you were going to make sure she stayed fed?”
“I know, we were...busy and we just forgot to grab a bite to eat. I promise in future that I will make sure to provide her with the necessary nourishment.” Karl seemed a little baffled at the inside joke but I’m sure he put two and two together. After all, he was there when I ordered the large dinner so I’m sure he can understand the reference to my appetite.
“Excuse me; I can take care of feeding myself thank you very much. I’ve been doing it for years and Brian won’t always be around.” Karen sat back and leaned into Karl as she gave Braydan what looked like a pitying look. I turned to Braydan and I could see his jaw muscles tighten. I tried to think about what I had just said that would evoke such a response. 
“I may not always be around Mikayla but I am here now and for however long that may be, I will try to make sure your basic needs are met.” There was no doubt in my mind he was referring to more than food and I obviously hurt his feelings with my comment. The waiter made his appearance and gave us our drinks which thankfully put an end to the awkward silence that had followed Braydan’s statement.
“Have you decided on this evening’s selection?” The waiter looked to Karen.
“I will have a Greek chicken salad with a pita and tzatziki sauce.” The waiter was obviously taking the women’s orders first as he turned to me pen poised. After the whole awkward discussion, everyone was waiting on me to place my order and the fact that the whole discussion was around my appetite made it worse.
“I’ll have the souvlaki platter with an extra pita.” Nobody is going to make me feel bad about stating a fact. Braydan and Karl put in their orders and the waiter made his way to the kitchen. It was time for a little trip to the ladies room. Karen wasn’t far behind me.
“Mikayla, what are you doing?”
“What does it look like I’m doing? I’m going to the little girls’ room.”
“You know what I mean. What’s happening between the two of you?”
“I thought we were going in the right direction but my comment at the table obviously hit a sore spot for Brian. For pity’s sake as if he is always going to be stuck to me like glue.” I entered the stall as nature called but that didn’t stop Karen as she spoke through the door. 
“Mikayla, you both care for each other. You’ll work it out you’ll see.”
“You don’t understand Karen, it’s so complicated.”
“Work through it, it’s worth it in the end. Karl and I are so happy and I know people would call it the honeymoon stage but we both know what we want and found it in each other.” I made my way to the sink to wash my hands.
“Maybe that’s my problem; I need to figure out what I want.” I know that the CIA was not what I wanted, at least not anymore, but I had not really thought past that.
“Do you want Brian?” There’s the million dollar question.
“I think I do but it’s not that simple. There are other things going on.”
“It is that easy. If you want him, let him know how you feel. He obviously cares for you.”
“He may not after his reaction to my comment.”
“One comment will not make or break the way he feels about you. To tell you the truth I think he wants more than you seem willing to give…or admit to and he is frustrated. Just talk to him.” We made our way back to the table where Karl and Braydan were talking about the security lockdown that had been implemented at the facility.
“I wonder what has them putting us on lockdown. It’s the first time since I’ve been here that they have taken these kinds of measures.” May as well get in on this conversation; it’s definitely better than awkward silence.
“Have you heard any details on what’s going on?” I was expecting Karl to comment but Karen was the one with additional information.
“There was a lot of buzz around the Human Resources Department when I started. I guess there was a security breach there.” Karl added his take.
“That may be true but that wouldn’t warrant a full lockdown. Something more serious must have happened.” Well at least our covers aren’t blown. It would seem that the missing weapon is still under wraps. 
“It’s probably the most excitement that people here have seen in a while.” Lame comment but I had to make some type of remark. The rest of the meal was uneventful and I managed to keep my foot out of my mouth since we stayed away from relationship talk and my appetite. Braydan even seemed to have relaxed a little as we stood after paying for our meals.
“I guess it’s time to head out. It was nice meeting you Karl. Take care of Karen, she’s quite the catch.” Braydan gave Karen a quick hug and whispered something in her ear. Karen smiled and nodded at him as Karl guided her out the door.
*****
Chapter 23
“When did you talk to Karen about Karl and what was that moment you just had with her? She’s with Karl or hadn’t you noticed?” I think Mikayla may be a little jealous of her friend. Good, after her comment about how temporary my presence may be, she could do with a little discomfort. 
“Well since my time with you seems to be limited, I need to keep my options open.” There’s the Mikayla that I know and love. Yes, love. She’s not ready to hear it judging by the look on her face but I can at least admit it to myself. I better take this conversation outside since we are already starting to attract attention. 
“You know damn well I didn’t mean anything by it!” It’s a good thing we exited the restaurant because her voice rose to a level that would have been inappropriate within closed walls. We were actually attracting some looks from people walking outside. I gently guided her toward the deserted gazebo across the way. Then again, if she decides to take me out, there would no longer be any witnesses; maybe I should rethink the deserted location bit because she definitely looks like she wants me dead. Here goes nothing…
“I have to admit Mikayla that I am getting tired of being the only one who seems invested in this relationship. It certainly sounded like you’re not considering anything long term.”
“We won’t always be attached at the hip and I will obviously have some meals without you being present. I’m an independent person and this whole notion of a serious relationship is new to me. If you can’t be patient and understand that I have to work through some things then maybe we should quit while we are ahead. Besides that’s no reason to flirt with Karen right in front of Karl.”
“I was not flirting with Karen. We are friends.”
“You spent one breakfast with us and all of a sudden you’re cosy enough to hug and whisper in her ear? Aren’t you the sociable type!” Anger and jealousy aren’t quite the emotions I was looking for but it’s better than nothing at this point.
“If you must know, we shared some ice cream in the park one day when she was trying to decide what to do about her feelings for Karl.” It took her a second to register what I said.
“She talked to you about Karl?”
“Yes, and to my surprise we both gave her the same advice. To go for it.” Now if only Mia could practice what she preached our relationship may stand a chance. 
“What did you whisper in her ear?”
“I told her that if she ever needed a guy sounding board or to share some ice cream to give me a call. Mia, I am only interested in being her friend.  Besides you and I can both see that she is head over heels for Karl.”
“I guess I overreacted. This whole thing between us is such a foreign concept to me.” At least she could admit that much.
“It’s called a relationship Mia. Hopefully you can get used to the idea because I want to see where this goes.” She lowered her head and there was a long pause.
“I want to try Brian but I have some things to figure out.” Well it’s not a no but it certainly isn’t a resounding yes either. I’m not sure I want to know what requires ‘figuring out’ to the point where it has her so confused. 
“Is there someone else?” God, I hope that’s not the case.
“No! That’s not it at all!” 
“Good thing because I would definitely be having words with him if there was.” She clued in that I was just joking with her and couldn’t hide her smile. 
“In fact, I may still have words with Jake just to make sure he knows you are not available.” I moved in closer and the fact that she didn’t move away was encouraging.
“Braydan, I’m not saying no but I need, we need, to focus on this case before I can consider this...us.” Fair enough.
“I just don’t want you to shut the door on us. Just to be clear, I am not interested in anyone else and I want to see this through, wherever that may leads us.”
“I can’t make any promises Braydan but the door is definitely ajar.” Not quite what I was hoping for but at least it was something.
“I’ll take it.” I opened my arms and she walked in. We stood there for a while before anyone spoke. Mikayla was the first to break the silence.
“Let’s head back to my apartment and we can check my emails. Jake may have something for us to go on.”
“Ah yes, Jake to the rescue.” Mikayla playfully slapped my arm at my teasing. That was a good sign since she seemed to be more relaxed and comfortable with the idea of us; even if it was only a little. 
“I have to admit I’m really happy for Karen and Karl. Karen lost the love of her life and she’s getting a second chance.” 
“What do you mean she lost the love of her life?”
“She lost her husband and High School sweetheart a couple of years ago. He passed away from an inoperable brain tumour.”
“She hadn’t mentioned that but I’m glad she found what she was looking for in Karl and vice versa.”
“Me too, she deserves it. In the short time I have known her, I’ve come to consider her a friend. Believe it or not, I think she is my only friend and that is a pathetic testament to my social life. To make things worse, I am lying to her to keep my cover.” 
“I know what you mean but Mikayla, she’ll understand when we explain why we couldn’t be completely truthful. Once we are able to come clean, we can do it together with both Karen and Karl.”
“I’d like that. I’m tired of this undercover crap.” That didn’t sound like a happy CIA Agent, especially considering that her job mostly requires undercover work.
“I have to admit, I enjoy it once in a while but most of my cases as a PI are straightforward surveillance. Let’s face it, if it wasn’t for this undercover assignment, we wouldn’t have met and that would have been a travesty.” That got me a smile.
“Braydan, you say the sweetest things.” We made our way to her apartment to check if Jake’s email had come in. 
*****
Chapter 24
Braydan and I headed straight to my computer to check if we received any response from Jake. He read the message over my shoulder.
“Hey Baby girl,
I think you’re on the right track. This Tom guy left the compound complaining of acute pain but he was fine when he got to the Hospital. No surgery took place and he had a clean bill of health. Definitely suspicious behaviour.
I hope you have time to take advantage of restaurants, the gym and the spa...maybe a massage. I did pull you off R&R. I promise you some quality time off once this assignment is over.
See you soon
Jake”
“I am definitely having a conversation with that guy when this is over. The only person that’s going to ensure you have quality R&R is me.”
“Down boy! He just meant he would authorize some R&R. He has nothing to say in how I spend my down time.”
“Will I have something to say about how you spend your leisure time?”
“Let’s get this assignment wrapped up and we’ll talk.”
“Just talk?” That sexy smile spoke volumes. It would be much easier to just enjoy a physical relationship but based on what Braydan has shared with me in our last conversations, he wants more than that. I think I may want more as well but I’ve got too much going on to make any kind of commitment to him. I need to get my head around getting my stuff together before bringing someone else into the mix.
“I admire your tenacity Braydan and I appreciate your patience, we’ll talk later.” 
“Okay, Okay, I can take a hint. I think it’s time to have a little chat with my buddy Tom.” Braydan made a call to Director Stillman and informed him that we would need to have a secure location to interrogate Tom. Within half an hour Braydan and I were in a meeting room across from Tom Fowler. Braydan took the first run at him.
“Tom, buddy you are in a whole world of trouble. What were you thinking stealing a top secret prototype?” While Braydan asked his questions, I was looking at Tom for any physical signs that might indicate surprise or deceit.
“I don’t know who you both think you are but I have no idea what you’re talking about.” Well, that was easy enough, he was nervous, wringing his hands and beads of sweat were popping up across his forehead. Liar, liar pants on fire; it was time for me to make myself known.
“Well allow us to introduce ourselves, I’m Mia McLean, Special Agent with the CIA and this is Braydan Westen, Private Investigator.”
“You’re a PI?” I guess my being CIA didn’t register with him. I suppose his focus on Braydan makes sense since they worked together.
“Yeah and like I said we know that you took the prototype and design.” Tom looked everywhere but in our direction, his nerves getting the best of him. I don’t think he is really cut out for a life of crime.
“You have nothing to support that accusation and I am out of here.” As Tom stood to leave, I decided it was time to play my bluff. I already knew he was lying so I grabbed his arm and lifted his sleeve.
“Where did you get the scratch marks Tom? How much do you want to bet that when we get the DNA results from the skin under my finger nails it belongs to you?” He was definitely the bastard that tried to choke me to death. It’s a good thing I didn’t bring my gun in the room because Braydan would have had to try to disarm me again.
“You had stashed the prototype in the woods and you were in the process of retrieving it when I surprised you.” My hand involuntary went to my throat at the memory of being strangled. Brian was looking at me to see if I was okay to continue. The concern on his face was evident. “Your best bet is to cooperate with us Tom. We know that someone else within Jacobson is involved. Who is it? Who are the potential buyers or have you already narrowed it down to one? When is the exchange taking place?” Elbows on the table, Tom covered his face with his hands and didn’t say a word.
“Hey!” Braydan slammed his fist on the table with enough force that I thought it may break. “You almost killed her and I assume you’re the bastard that knocked me out the other night! Don’t make us ask you twice or I may just give you a taste of what you put her through!” I have to admit, seeing this side of Braydan was exciting. He was in full cop mode and Tom looked a little frazzled at his interrogation technique. He finally looked up, resignation evident in his features, and reluctantly shared what he knew.
“I was not trying to kill her, she surprised me and I just wanted to get away. I don’t know who the person is within Jacobson’s. We never met in person and he always contacted me by phone. All I know is that arrangements were made for me to get by security tonight to deliver the weapon at a specific address where the potential buyers will be bidding.” I gave him a pen and paper and asked him to write down what he told us and include the location of the meeting this evening.
“Where’s the prototype hidden Tom?”
“I moved it to another location in the woods off one of the hiking trails and buried it.” Obviously he’s a creature of habit.
“While you are writing your confession, draw us a map to where the weapon is buried.” Hopefully he has more artistic skills than me.
“Why did you do it Tom?”
“I grew up with nothing. My parents could barely put enough food on the table. I worked three jobs to put myself through university. When they approached me and offered me two million dollars and a new identity, I jumped at it.” Braydan’s jaw muscle clenched at the whiny explanation that Tom gave.
“You little weasel, some people had a worse childhood than that and made something of themselves. They certainly didn’t resort to steeling incredibly dangerous top secret prototypes for the highest bidder. You had a good job and the possibility of a great career and now you are looking at a lengthy jail sentence. Way to go genius, your greed got the best of you.” Braydan was really pissed; I’m sure as a beat cop he probably saw a lot of people in need trying to make ends meet. Tom using similar circumstances as an excuse for his lack of morals obviously hit home for him. Let’s see if Tom can provide us with any more information before we leave him to wallow in his predicament.
“Have you ever met the person you are to contact on the outside?”
“No, I only had telephone contact with the man within Jacobson.” I guess asking to have this wrapped up with a nice tidy bow was too much to ask for. Braydan took over questioning the jerk.
“How was this mysterious inside man going to get you out with the facility on lockdown?” I was curious about that myself.
“Only crates with a verified sticker and sign off can leave the facility on lockdown. I was given instructions to go to shipping and locate the crate with the red label. It has a false facing that can be bolted shut from the inside.”
“Is the delivery person in on this little scam?”
“I don’t think so. They are just going to deliver the crate to the address near where tonight’s meeting is taking place. I was to wait until dark before opening the crate and making my way to the meet.” Braydan and I looked at each other as I grabbed the sheet Tom had been writing on and we exited the room leaving Tom behind to worry about his sorry fate. We made sure security was aware that he was not to leave the room.
“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?” Yeah, I’m pretty sure our thought process brought us to the same conclusion.
“You could take his place and we could set a trap for the lot of them.” Once I voiced the potential course of action, I immediately thought better of it. This would put Braydan in the middle of people who wouldn’t think twice about purchasing and using a weapon to target and kill people who piss them off.
“You got it. We don’t have much time, our best bet would be to both get off the facility grounds in the crate so as not to arouse suspicion and then meet up with Jake on the outside.” I nodded my agreement and he continued. “Let’s get Jake and Director Stillman on Board. This is going down fast.” He seemed excited at the prospect of getting in there and mixing it up.
“What if the person on the inside from Jacobson is at the meet? Tom may not have seen him but he certainly knows what Tom looks like.”
“He hasn’t made himself known and has made arrangements for Tom to deliver the prototype. My guess is he’s keeping a strictly hands off approach or he would be the one bringing the prototype in person this evening instead of Tom.” His logic is sound but so many things could go wrong.
“I don’t like it Braydan. We don’t know the players and this has the definite possibility of going to hell in a hand basket.”
“Do you have any other suggestions? Our timeline is short.” I didn’t have any other options to offer and resigned myself to Braydan going into a dangerous situation as Tom.
“I need to inform Jake of the meeting tonight and get a team together to back you up.”
“Agreed, we will need all the help we can get. I will get in touch with Director Stillman and see what he can do to identify the other inside man. He has to be a top executive to be able to come and go as he pleases; not to mention the ability to tag a crate as verified with the appropriate approvals. Stillman has got a full Security detail at his disposal. He can put them to work to find the other inside man.” I called Jake to tell him the situation and timeline.
“Jake, we have the location were the bidding on the weapon will take place. There’s only one problem; its tonight.” I had to hold the telephone away from my ear as Jake let a few choice words fly before he asked where the meet is and what the plan was. “We got the inside guy that stole the prototype. Braydan and I will be taking his planned escape route to get off the facility. Since they have never met the drop person, Tom, once we get to our destination Braydan is going in under cover to deliver the weapon.” After explaining to Jake that Braydan is a PI who was hired by Director Stillman to find the inside person, a few more choice words were coming through the phone. “We will hide in the designated crate which will be delivered near the meet location. Once there, we will join up with you to go over the plan. Based on Tom’s information, the meet is in the back room of a private club. They are using the cover of a poker game to do the bidding on the prototype. Top bid leaves with the prototype and sample powder. Tom was also to provide them with the recipe to make additional powder once he is away safely.” Jake continued our conversation and worked out the details for the surveillance and backup. Braydan had already finished his conversation with Stillman and was waiting on me.
“Everything good with Jake?”
“Yes, he will be waiting for us with backup and surveillance equipment. What about Stillman?”
“Yeah, he is good to go. I think he already suspected someone in senior management which is why he has been so secretive. He is going to look more closely into a few people now that we know how they were helping Tom.”
“We better find the prototype and get ready for our lovely trip in a crate. Can I just say that that is definitely not my preferred mode of transportation.”
“Wuss…think of it as an adventure.”
“I am not a wuss and I have had more adventure in this job than anybody would wish on themselves.” I looked at Tom’s make shift map and headed in the direction of the buried prototype. 
“Braydan, I think this is the spot.” Braydan and I started removing the dirt and quickly found the black prototype case. Braydan grabbed the case and looped it around his shoulder as he stood.
“Let’s get back to our apartments and change into some dark clothing. We still need to get by the security at central shipping to locate the crate.” We headed back in silence; both of us thinking of the importance of the evening ahead. At least we have the prototype in hand.
Braydan signalled the all clear as we made our way in the shipping bay. The crate was in the right hand corner which was probably planned to assist Tom in making his way undetected.
“This seems too good to be true.”
“Don’t knock it Mia. We could use some luck right about now.” Yeah, he’s probably right. Hopefully the luck will hold out for the rest of the evening’s event.
The false panel on the crate was exactly how Tom described it. Braydan squeezed in first with the prototype and I did my best to fit my body in the very small space remaining.
“Come on Mia, get your butt in here before the guard comes.”
“Shut up Braydan, you are already taking up most of the space in here.”
“Well I am certainly not opposed to close quarters as long as it’s with you.” Good to know, considering I am going to be sitting in his lap if I’m going to close the false panel and latch it shut. Braydan must have come to the same conclusion.
“I promise, I won’t bite…hard.”
“Aren’t you just the comedian.”
“I try.” He grabbed my hips and had me facing him, his lips only a few inches away. My breath caught in my throat as he leaned closer and I heard the latch catch as he bolted it in place. The darkness was absolute and my senses seemed heightened. All I could hear was our breathing as Braydan’s hand came to rest on the back of my neck.
“Mia, are you okay?” 
“Aside from feeling like a sardine stuffed in a tin can, I’m just peachy.” His hand slowly massaged my neck while we waited in the darkness as I finally felt some tension leave my body. We where there for about twenty minutes when I heard the sound of an engine. Braydan obviously heard the same thing.
“I think our little trip is about to get bumpy. The forklift is on its way to bring the crate to the delivery truck.”
“At this point the holes they put in this crate for air are feeling a little inadequate. I am looking forward to some fresh air.” The forklift lifted the crate and made its jerky way to the truck. If I thought that I couldn’t get any closer to Braydan, I was mistaken as I slammed into him when the forklift turned unexpectedly.
“Sorry.”
“Never apologize for wanting to get close to me. I know I am irresistible.” Oh please, you have got to be kidding me.
“Braydan, this crate is small enough and your ego is about to take up what precious space we have left.” His deep chuckle sent chills down my body. He must have felt my tremor as the sexual tension ramped up in our make shift box. The forklift placed the crate on the delivery truck as we heard the door close. The truck pulled out onto the road and we were one step closer to finishing this assignment. 
“Do you miss being a cop?” The silence was getting to me.
“I loved what I did but I made a decision to leave that I don’t regret for a second. I needed a change of pace and the freedom to choose my cases and be my own boss.”
“That sounds like you’ve got it all figured out.”
“I do now but it was a tough call at the time. What about you? How’s the CIA treating you?” There’s the question of the day.
“The CIA has treated me well. Like you I enjoyed what I did.”
“You are talking in the past tense. Are you saying that you don’t like it anymore?”
“That’s the problem, I don’t know what I want and it’s very confusing. I feel like I can’t move forward until I sort some things out.”
“Are you talking about us?”
“Us, the job, friends, future…the whole enchilada.” I leaned against his shoulder and took in his male scent. I have gotten used to having him around and that could be a good or bad thing.
He cupped my face in the dark and guided my lips to his for a light kiss. A few light touches turned into long steamy kisses. I was already plastered all over him and his mouth was doing wicked things as he angled my head to kiss my neck as our laboured breathing was all I could hear. I plunged my hands in his thick hair urging him closer if that was even possible. In my hurry to reposition and increase the intimacy, my head hit the top of the crate with a big whack.”
“Are you okay?” No, that friggin hurt!
“I’ll be fine.”
“Hellcat, I heard that hit and you have to be feeling some pain.”
“Guilty, I may have a lump to rival the one you got at Tom’s hands.” We both chuckled softly as he gently pulled me against him so that my head was resting against his chest. I could feel his heart beating strong and a little fast.
The truck finally came to stop and we heard the driver talk to another man who must be the one who would be unloading the truck. Sure enough the roar of yet another forklift came to life as the crate was finally place on solid ground again. Braydan whispered in my ear to avoid being heard, not that the likelihood of someone hearing us was high.
“Let’s wait a few minutes to make sure the coast is clear before we crack open the panel.” I was itching to get some fresh air but Braydan was right; better safe than sorry.
The panel latch was opened and I cracked the door open to take a look around and make sure we were alone. 
“I don’t see or hear anything.” I slowly open the panel and stepped out. Just as I was leaning over to crawl out, Braydan smacked my ass. I turned around to rip him a new one when he put his finger to his lips urging me to be quiet. I was resigned to voice my disapproval in a whisper which somehow took a lot away from the impact of my words.
“I can’t believe you did that!”
“I couldn’t resist, I promised I wouldn’t bite and it was so cute and sexy, I couldn’t resist a little love tap.”
“I’ll give you a love tap!”
“Promises, promises.” He is without a doubt the most infuriating, arrogant, sexy, brave and I may as well stop there because my thoughts are headed in a direction that we don’t have time for.
We made our way across the warehouse and headed to the established rendez-vous point to meet up Jake.
The last few hours had gone by in a flash. We found the prototype and powder in the woods where Tom had said he had hidden it the second time after my brush with death. Jake pulled a team together and had the meeting location under surveillance and Director Stillman was looking into the mysterious second inside person. Braydan and I met up with Jake a mile away from the club. Jake watched our approach with interest, or more to the point, sized up Braydan. Jake kept his eyes on Braydan as he greeted me with a hug. I could feel the energy rolling off the both of them as Jake put his arms around me.
“Hey Baby Girl, good job on identifying the inside man and the meet location.” The tension in Braydan was palpable when he heard Jake call me Baby Girl. He hadn’t known it was Jake until those words were said.
“You must be Braydan?” He extended his hand to Braydan who waited long enough to let Jake know he was not a fan.
“Yeah, you must be the adoptive big brother Jake.”
“Gee Mia, is Jake here that good at interrogation, or did you forget everything I taught you?”
“I didn’t have a choice Jake, he knew something was up and he was about to blow my cover. I couldn’t have done it without him. We’ve been working together for some time.” Braydan had moved closer to me and taken a protective stance, his hand at the small of my back. Jake didn’t miss the message.
“I can see that you’ve been spending time together.” Jake’s voice had the disapproving big brother tone.
“We don’t have time for this Jake.” Hopefully, we’ll never have time for a conversation like this. It isn’t any of Jake’s business how much time I spend with Braydan.
“You’re right Mia. We’ll discuss this later.” His tone held no room for negotiation and Braydan decided to join in this little power play.
“Yeah, you can count on it.” Jake nodded at him in agreement and proceeded with showing us the layout of the location.
“We have backup surrounding the building and sharpshooters located in these four strategic places.” Jake pointed out the position of each sharpshooter on the map. “Braydan, we’ll have you wired for audio and video. We’ll try to identify the players as they arrive but in the event that some are already on site be sure to get all of them on video. We don’t think the top dogs will be there but they would likely send their number one or two trusted men. We could put a good dent in terrorist cells and organized crime families.” Sounds pretty damn good to me.
“Not bad considering the alternative.” The weapon could have been disastrous in the wrong hands. A CIA agent was heading toward us.
“Braydan, this is Rick. He’s going to get you set up and wired before you go in.” As Braydan made his way to the van with Rick, Jake moved in beside me.
“Is there anything I should know about Braydan?”
“He used to be LAPD until he resigned and became a PI.”
“I already know the background information, Mia. I looked him up the minute we spoke on the phone. I meant is there something going on between the two of you that I should be aware of? Do I need to call Aidan?”
“Don’t be ridiculous, we’ve only known each other a few weeks and either way it isn’t any of your business or my brother’s.” I wasn’t going there with Jake now or ever.
“Sometimes, “a few days” is all it takes.” He stopped talking as we saw Braydan making his way back to us prototype in hand. Braydan had disabled the prototype removing the key component that allows for tracking just in case things didn’t go as planned. I moved away from Jake to meet Braydan before he and Jake started another testosterone filled conversation.
“You better not get yourself killed. I’m getting used to having you around. I mean it Braydan, be careful and come back in one piece.”  Jake was only thirty feet away so I held back what I really wanted to say or do. I realized that I had strong emotions for him but we had a lot of things to work out, for one we lived in different States and our jobs are not really conducive to relationships. His thumb was discreetly caressing my cheek, he leaned in close.
“No worries hellcat, we have some unfinished business that we need to address.” He grabbed my hands and brought them to his mouth. “I promise.” Famous last words, I hope he brings his “Bad Boy self” back safe and sound. As I made my way toward the van where we would be able to listen and watch the event, Braydan headed toward the rendez-vous. Jake was already in the van watching the players in this little poker game make their arrival.
“Jake, do we know who the players are?” 
“We identified three of the four players. Braydan just needs to get them on tape bidding for the weapon and we’ve got them.”
“Do we know who they’re working for?”
“These are some pretty seasoned players. We’ve got the cream of the crop from the Italian and Russian mob as well as a rebel group from the Middle East. The fourth player is an unknown.
“We just sent Braydan into that shark tank alone?” My stomach was in knots and can’t help but feel responsible for putting Braydan in this mess. I know he was hired to do a job but this seems like more than he probably bargained for. He should asked Director Stillman for a bonus when this is said and done.
“Hey Mia, he’s a professional and has been around the block a few times. You’re stressing quite a bit over this guy. I’ll ask again, is there something going on?”
I didn’t know what to say, I guess the look on my face said it all.
“You’ve fallen for this guy haven’t you? No answer required; it’s obvious. He’ll be back because he and I have a conversation waiting for us. I’m not sure he’s good enough for you.” 
“I don’t need your approval! Braydan and I are none of your business.”
“Baby girl, I’ve watched you over the years. You’ve sacrificed a lot for your job; it’s the first time I have ever seen you show any serious interest for a guy. It’s obvious by the way you two interact that you both have feelings for each other. Your brother isn’t here so I’m stepping in.” Who does he think he is?
“I’ll say it again, whatever happens or doesn’t happen between Braydan and I is none of your business or my brother’s so back off.”
“We’re just looking out for you, Baby Girl.”
“I can’t deal with this right now. I want to know what’s going on in there.” Jake turned to the screens and audio equipment; the technicians had obviously been trying to ignore our discussion without much success considering we were in the close confines of a van.
“Braydan is in and they’ve started discussions. Rick, make sure you’re recording all of this.” The unknown was supposedly representing the head of some European group. He was tall, gruff and looked to be in his early thirties. 
“Jake, something about that guy bothers me.” I pointed to the unknown player on the screen.
“He can’t be as bad as the others; we don’t have any record or history on him.”
“Or he is good at covering his tracks.” Braydan gave the agreed upon signal for the backup team to move in. We had what we needed on tape to put them away.
“Where is he going?” Jake was looking at the screen to the unknown man while the team was getting into position for the insertion.
“It looks like he senses something is up.” He was making his way to the far end of the room. You could tell by the video that Braydan noticed the movement as well since he was tracking the unknown. Braydan seemed distracted by his focus on the stranger making his way to the back of the building; so much so that he lost site of the fact that the team was about to enter the building. He was supposed to take cover as the team swarmed in to round up the buyers. A shot was fired and all hell broke loose. The last thing I saw was Braydan go down and I was out of the van and running toward the building. I heard Jake yelling at me but I couldn’t make out what he was saying, I just needed to get to Braydan. I couldn’t lose him, not now. We had unfinished business.
*****
Chapter 25
It was complete and utter confusion as I ran in gun drawn. It took a few precious seconds to locate Braydan. He was lying motionless on the ground.
“Braydan! Braydan!” There was blood running down his face and blood was pooling on the ground. I heard Jake calling my name as the back-up was rounding up the bad guys.
“Mia! Where the hell are you!”
“Jake! Get the medics in here! Braydan is down and he’s losing a lot of blood!” I turned back to Braydan and cupped his pale face in mine as blood covered my hands. He was so still.
“Braydan, you promised me, you promised me you would come back. Please, stay with me! You can’t die!” The medics arrived as Jake tried to pull me away. “Let me go! I’m going with him!” 
“Mia, you have to let him go so they can get him to the hospital.”
“I’m going with him in the ambulance, Jake. Don’t even think of stopping me. I’m armed and I will use it if someone gets in my way. Let me go!” Jake looked shocked as he let me go and I ran to the ambulance where Braydan was being lifted. The medics were closing ranks as I approached; prepared to stop me. I saw one of them look over my shoulder as he moved aside. I turn to see Jake wave them off allowing me access to the ambulance. I jumped in next to a medic who was taking Braydan’s vitals.
“How is he?”
“He’s lost a lot of blood and his breathing is shallow.” The ambulance was speeding towards the hospital sirens blazing as I closed my eyes and tried to gather myself. I need to keep it together so I can be strong for Braydan. Falling apart now is not going to do anyone any good. The ambulance pulled into the emergency bay as he was rushed into a room where I was denied access.
I was so alone and I needed a friend before I lost it. Normally I would call my brother but after going a few rounds with Jake, I don’t think I have the energy to go through that again. So I called the only person I could think of for some morale support.
“Director Stillman, it’s Mia. I am assuming you have been briefed by Jake on this evening’s events?” He confirmed that he was informed of the results of our operation. “I have a favour to ask of you.”
An hour later I felt a hesitant hand on my shoulder.
“Karen! I think I might lose him!” She hugged me as tears ran down my face.
“Mikayla, it’s going to be alright. Brian is strong; he’ll fight his way back to you.”
“You didn’t see him; he lost so much blood and was so pale.” The blood on my hands was a reminder of when I found his motionless body.
“What happened? What were you doing off the facility grounds?” Braydan and I were going to do this together but I had to come clean with Karen.
“Karen, my name is Mia and Brian is actually Braydan. I am so sorry we had to deceive you but we were working undercover. Braydan is a private investigator and I'm a CIA agent.” The look on her face reflected her surprise.
“Undercover? What where you looking into? Does it have anything to do with the security lockdown and the break in?” Trust Karen to get into inquisition mode at the flip of a switch.
“I was the one who broke in. I was trying to get information on a potential threat to national security. I’m sorry I can’t get into too much detail but I want you to know that your friendship means a lot and I hope that you will understand why I had to lie.” She turned to Karl who was standing behind her. I hadn’t even noticed him until they exchanged a look and Karen turned back to me. I was nervous while awaiting the verdict.
“Mikay...Mia, I admit that I’m a little miffed that you couldn’t trust me but I understand why you couldn’t.”
“Thank you so much Karen and you too Karl. Your friendship has come to mean a lot. This job doesn’t allow much room for relationships and I cherish the one I have with you.”
“Good, because I have more questions and I am playing the friendship card so you have to answer. I promise I’ll stay away from the secret stuff.”
“I wish I could tell you everything but it’s best if I didn’t for everyone’s sake.” She waved off my explanation.
“Did you and Braydan know each other before you got here? If that’s the case, you both deserve an Oscar award because I swear that Orientation seemed like the first time you both laid eyes on each other.” She actually got a smile out of me with that comment.
“No, we actually didn’t know each other was under cover until the last few days when we were working together.”
“I would have loved to be a fly on the wall when that little revelation took place.”
“I actually fessed up first because he had suspicions and was about to blow my cover. I found out about him when I overheard a conversation with the person that hired him. We teamed up after that.” I skipped the argument and making up parts of this twisted tale.
“Wow, I thought I had a lot going on. When I told you to enjoy the ride, I wasn’t expecting the mother of all roller coasters!”
“You don’t know the half of it. I wish I could tell you everything but my job won’t allow it.”
“Don’t worry Mia. I will be here for as long as you need me.”
“You don’t know how much that means to me. When I found him lying there, I thought I had lost him. I may have already lost him.”
“Sweetie, he cares about you and he is going to fight to come back to you; you watch.” On cue after that particular comment, the doctor was headed in our direction.
“Is one of you, Mia?” I stood on shaky legs to face the fact that I may never see Braydan’s sexy smile again. “Are you Mia? The one who came in with Braydan?”
“Yes, I’m Mia. How is he?”
“He’s going to make it.” I couldn’t help myself; I nearly tackled the Doctor to the ground as I hugged him and thanked him. “He has regained consciousness and is asking for you.” Karen, Karl and I all hugged and breathed a sigh of relief.
“What are you waiting for, go to him.” Karen urged me to follow the doctor down the hall.
“Thank you both for being here.” I turned to catch up with the Doctor and see Braydan.
“Anytime.” Karl and Karen both waved for me to go. As I entered Braydan’s room his eyes were closed and he was still quite pale. I took his hand in mine and his eyes fluttered open. He seemed confused and he was trying to speak.
“Mia...Mia...”
“I’m here Braydan. Thank God! You are going to be okay. You scared the hell out of me, you jerk! You were supposed to take cover.” He smiled weakly at my comment.
“Only my hellcat would thank God I’m alive and call me a jerk in the same sentence. I didn’t mean to scare you. I promised I would come back to you and I did. We have some unfinished business.”
“You just take care of yourself and we’ll deal with that later.” He squeezed my hand and drifted off to sleep.
I couldn’t stay here any longer. My emotions were so raw; I was losing it.
*****
Chapter 26
“He’s going to be okay, really.” Jake had checked on him since that first night as Braydan regained his strength. I hadn’t been back to the hospital. It had turned out to be a bullet that had grazed his head. You can’t get much closer than that.
“He was supposed to take cover when the team went in, why didn’t he?”
“That was the plan but he wanted to make sure we got everyone and the unknown man seemed to have figured out it was a trap and was making his way out. We’re still looking for him.”
“Did we get the other inside person at Jacobson?”
“Director Stillman was able to identify the inside person. Once he found out how Tom was going to be smuggled out of the facility, Stillman checked the logs. They actually keep track of who prints what when it comes to deliveries. The extra verified sticker came from the Vice President of Research and Development. 
“What was his motive? He was at the executive level of the organization. It is unlikely that he was hurting financially although I suppose there could be some bad investments or gambling debts.” 
“It was more an ego thing than a financial one. I guess he felt like he should have been higher up on the corporate ladder. He was passed over as CEO and was looking to hurt the company publicly by creating a situation where the Department of Defence would pull their contracts. That would be a huge hit for Jacobson’s. The cash for the prototype just secured him a lucrative early retirement.” What is the world coming to when someone is willing to sell a piece of technology that, in the wrong hands, could kill hundreds of innocent people with little chance of catching the culprit? At least we caught the bad guys…except one.
“Our mystery guy must have come to the party prepared with a secondary escape route. He knew the building inside and out. This guy didn’t leave anything to chance.” Jake nodded his jaw muscles tensed at the thought of one of them getting through the perimeter he had set up around the meeting place.
“Mia, Braydan is asking for you and I’m not sure how long I can stall him.” 
“I’ve got some things I need to work out first.” 
“Is everything okay Mia?” No of course not, I’m about to flush my career down the toilet with no plan B. Somehow Business Analyst sounds way to boring after a decade of undercover work and challenging assignments but the CIA is not the answer either. I can’t in good conscience make any other decisions until I find out what I want do to with my life. I wouldn’t want to start a relationship with someone who doesn’t have their stuff together so why should I put Braydan in that position.
“Fine...everything is fine. I’m heading home.”
“I hope you know what you’re doing.” Not really but I guess I will figure it out as I go.
I got back to my apartment and everything seemed so foreign. I had not spent much time there but the loneliness that I felt seemed to resonate in my surroundings. I sat on the couch for hours before taking out my laptop. I finally wrote my resignation letter and hit send. I sat there staring at the screen for a few minutes and I suddenly felt as if a huge weight was lifted off my shoulders. That confirmed to me that it was the right decision. I had sent it to Jake since he was my last team lead and waited for the aftermath of that little bit of news.
The knock at my door two hours later didn’t surprise me in the least. I opened the door to find my big brother filling the doorway and Jake standing a few feet behind him. Go figure Jake would bring along reinforcements.
“Come on in, Aidan, Jake. I’ve been expecting you.” Aidan barged in like he owned the place.
“What has this guy done to you?”
“Braydan hasn’t done anything. I’ve been thinking about leaving the agency for some time.” Jake was unusually quiet as he looked at me and I could see guilt in his face.
“Mia, are you leaving because I had you back in the field to soon? I know getting injured in the line of work can be traumatizing. Maybe I pushed too hard too fast for you to take this assignment.”
“Trust me Jake, getting stabbed has nothing on getting the life choked out of you.” Aidan moved so quickly that I jumped back as he came to stand a few inches in front of me.
“What the hell are you talking about? When did that happen! I swear to God if Braydan did anything to hurt you, I’ll kill the son of a bitch!” I already have a knight in shining armor; I certainly don’t need another even if he is my brother.
“Will you please take it down a notch? Before you go off half cocked, I will have you know that Braydan is the one who found me and took care of me. He actually saved my ass a few times so if you want to take it out on somebody go find that twerp Tom Fowler.” Jake still looked a little sheepish.
“Are you saying that it has nothing to do with taking you off your R&R time?”
“There’s no need for you to feel guilty Jake, my decision had nothing to do with your request for me to take the assignment.” 
“Then why are you resigning?”
“I want more than undercover assignments and action filled days. I want to have friends, I want a relationship, children...hell I want the white picket fence!” Aidan was quick to comment.
“I knew it! This guy has messed with you head; or is it your heart.”
“How is he?” I had purposefully stayed away because I knew if I got to close I wouldn’t be able to step back and deal with the choices I had to make before making any type of commitment. I knew the next time we saw each other Braydan would want answers about us.
“Why don’t you go see him and find out for yourself? I’m tired of playing the buffer between the two of you.” My brother is suggesting that I go see Braydan? The world must have tilted on its axles.
“What do you mean ‘playing the buffer’? You haven’t even met him.”
“You’ve got to be kidding! You threaten to pull your gun on Jake if he didn’t let you go with this guy in the ambulance. Then you play a Houdini act and disappear from the Hospital before I get there. Of course I went to see him. I wanted to know who had the ability to twist my baby sister’s heart in knots.”
“Did you give him the third degree and scare him off?” Not that I think for one second that Braydan would be scared of Aidan. Those two are probably more alike than I would like to admit.
“Why should I when you seem to be avoiding him on your own. I actually talked to him for some time and Mia; I have to tell you that I actually respect the guy. He seems to genuinely care about you. He’s going out of his skin trying to figure out where he screwed up with you.”
“He didn’t screw up! It’s me! I’m the one who’s scarred to put my heart on the line. I just quit my job with no prospective career in mind. I’m messed up and that’s not fair to him.” There I said it.
“I never pegged you for a coward, Mia.”
“I am not a coward you ass! This conversation is over. Both of you leave and don’t let the door hit you in the butt on the way out.”
“Okay, Okay, but at least Braydan was willing to take a risk on you. He knows what he wants and you better figure out what you want before it’s too late.” Aidan couldn’t help but get in a last piece of advice.
“I can’t believe you’re taking his side!”
“Don’t be naive; I’m taking your side. I want what’s best for you and I think he just might be it.” They left without uttering another word.
My brother was actually encouraging me to be with Braydan and Jake seemed to support it as well. I guess Braydan’s charms aren’t limited to woman. Okay, that statement was not fair; I’ve constantly given him a bad rap because of his effect on women but he has not given me any reason to think he was interested in someone else. In fact, he’s put himself out there to me time and time again and I have not had the courage to admit how I feel. I pushed him away and now it may be too late. It was time to step up and take a chance. The first step was my resignation; the next step takes a lot more courage. First things first, I need to finish the debriefing and paperwork on this case so I can walk away with a clear conscious. The next step will determine if the risk I was about to take will break my heart.
*****
Chapter 27
One month...it’s been one month since that night in the hospital when I last spoke to Mia. I came home to Colorado but my mind is still at the Jacobson facility and my time with her. I keep replaying that last night and wonder if I said something to scare her off. Her brother said she needed time and I respected that but four weeks is long enough. I can’t get her out of my mind. Aidan was actually pretty good about the whole thing. I was straight with him and told him what my intentions were concerning Mia. He seemed to appreciate and respect that although he did make some threat to do me bodily harm if I ever hurt her. After Mia’s comments I expected the third degree but I think he actually took pity on me considering he didn’t have to beat me off her with a stick. She stayed away from me of her own accord and that hurt more than anything. That’s it, she’s had enough time; I’m going to grab her kicking and screaming if I have to but we are going to talk this out. I grabbed my coat and opened the door to head out and find her.
“Hi Braydan.” Mia was standing there in her trench coat just out of reach of the rain. “Am I coming at a bad time?”
I just stood there like an idiot, speechless.
“I understand if you want me to leave.”
“No! Please come in, I was just on my way to find you.” She came in and walked around the living room taking in the beautiful view from the wall of windows overlooking the mountains. Even the rain can’t take away from the land that went on for miles.
“Braydan, your home is beautiful and the view is breathtaking.” The only view I was interested in was one with her in it.
“Thank you, I like it. After living in Los Angeles for years, I needed a change of pace. When I saw this place it felt right.” I was inexplicably happy that she liked my home.
“I can see why, it’s peaceful. Why were you coming to find me?”
“Aidan told me you needed time and I wanted to respect your wishes but I couldn’t wait anymore. I can’t stop thinking about you.”
“It took a little time to get things worked out.”
“What was so important that you had to stay away from me for so long? I would have been happy to help you with anything you were facing.”
“I made a decision during the last assignment at Jacobson’s. Actually, I had been thinking about it for some time. I’ve resigned from the CIA but I had to stay in Washington to wrap things up. You know the drill; debrief, paperwork and wrapping up a few other cases.”
“Wow! That’s a big decision. You could have talked to me about it.” 
“It was something I needed to do before we talked. I needed to figure out what I wanted out of life before I could talk about our future.” I liked that she said our future; that sounded promising.
“What are you going to do now?” She seemed to hesitate as her face was quickly turning a nice shade of red.
“I guess that depends on you. What were you planning on telling me when you found me?”
“Mia, I want us to work things out. I realize we haven’t known each other for very long but I think we are perfect for each other and it’s worth a shot to make it work.” Mia seemed relieved as she started unbuckling the belt on her trench which meant I hadn’t scared her off completely.
“Well, I guess we’re on the same page then.” She dropped the coat to the ground and was dressed in the skimpiest pink genie outfit I had ever seen. It took everything I had not to carry her to the bedroom.
“Does that mean I have three wishes?” Please, please, please let me have three wishes. Actually, I would settle for just one.
“Your wish is my command master.” She put her hands together in front of her and bowed slightly. As she bowed her eyes lifted to make contact with mine, the strength in those clear blue eyes was the witty Mia look. “By the way don’t get used to being called master because this is a one-time deal.” Yup, that’s the hellcat I know and love.
“My first wish is for you to move in with me.” I was more nervous than I thought I would be awaiting her answer. She wiggled her nose and nodded her head before answering.
“Granted. I was hoping you would say that. My bags are in the car.” Her smile was so genuine, I’m sure I was sporting one that matched. So far so good; I may as well go for a second wish and let the chips fall.
“Since you are currently unemployed, my second wish is for you to join my private investigating business. I love the way you think and I know that together we could help a lot of people. I figure if we were able to thwart the sale of a top secret prototype, we should be able to tackle any case that’s thrown our way.” Once again, the nose wiggle and a nod preceded her response.
“Granted. That’s the best job offer I’ve had since resigning from the Agency.” Since I’m batting one hundred, I may as well go all the way and put all the cards on the table. I had thought about it over the month we were apart and I knew, given the chance, I wanted this to be a permanent relationship. Since I had made that decision, I have been carrying the ring I had purchased for the occasion for the last few weeks.
“My third and final wish is for you to be my wife.” I went down on one knee as I opened the velvet lid of the jewellery box. Mia was just starring at the ring; silence was her only reaction. Maybe I had pushed too hard too fast. Well, there’s no point in turning back now. “I love you Mia, the witty conversations, you’re tough as nails attitude, your thought process when you’re on a case and those rare moments of innocence and let’s not forget the hellcat that I hope to bring out in you...often.” That got me a tearful smile as she joined me on her knees in front of me. Her trembling hand reached for the ring so I asked for her hand again. “Will you marry me Mia?” The nose wiggle and nod was shaky.
“Granted. I love you too Braydan.” More tears welled up in her eyes and her smile lit up the room. I took the ring from the box and slipped it on her finger.
“It’s perfect Braydan!” I picked her up and carried her to our bedroom.
“Well my lady, allow me to escort you to our quarters where your every wish is my command.”
“I like the sound of that Mr. Westen. Am I limited to three wishes?”
“Hell no! These wishes are unlimited.” I proceeded to meet my genie’s every wish and desire.
*****
Epilogue
I am so glad I came to my senses and made my way to Colorado and Braydan. I never thought I could be this happy. I hadn’t realized how much I was holding back and settling for mediocre when I could have had this feeling of fulfillment. We not only threw ourselves wholeheartedly in our relationship but also in our Private Investigation business as well. Braydan had a good base clientele and with the messages he had waiting for him from prospective clients upon his return, we were quite busy. We both reached out to our contacts and made a few calls. There were potential leads that if they came to be would have us working our butts off; although we always make some time for us. I have to admit that having a business in your home has its advantages. The bedroom is never far away. 
With the business steadily growing Braydan and I came to a point where we felt it was time to hire an Office Manager. The decision made to proceed with the expansion; we knew exactly who we wanted. 
“What do you say Karen? There are opportunities in Colorado for Karl in a number of organizations. Will you both consider it? We miss you and I want my best friend a little closer.”
“Wow, I wasn’t expecting that offer. I have to admit Karl and I have been talking about leaving Jacobson’s. We want to buy a house and start a family and although we like our current jobs, the location isn’t really conducive to raising little ones.”
“There are beautiful homes in nice safe neighbourhoods here and most homes have large lots with plenty of room for kids to play. Why don’t you both come for a visit to see if it is an area that you would like to live in and we can talk about the position?”
“You could have been a salesperson Mia.” Her laughter was a familiar sound that I had missed these last few weeks. “I’ll talk to Karl and we’ll plan a visit and look at our options. I’ve missed you and Braydan. It would be nice to catch up.”
A week later we were welcoming Karl and Karen into our home. Karen was glowing; I had never seen someone so happy, well, except maybe myself as of late.
“Karen, Karl, it’s so great to see you both!” I hugged Karen while Braydan and Karl shook hands. Something caught my eye as Karen pulled away.
“Wow! Did you guys get engaged?” Karen’s smile and Karl’s shy nod answered that question.
“Congratulations!” Another round of hugs ensued as Braydan and Karl made their way to the kitchen to get some champagne for a well deserved toast.
“I am so excited for you! When did this happen?”
“Mia, I am so happy. It just happened before we left to come to Colorado. We had just finished dinner and went out for a late night stroll to the gazebo. Karl took my hands and got down on one knee right then and there. What about you and Braydan? I can’t believe you got engaged before I did. I have to admit I was a little jealous when you called to tell me. Man, you may be slow to commit but once you do it’s full steam ahead! You look so relaxed.”
“I took your advice this time and opened myself up to my feelings. See, that’s why we should live in the same area; we give each other great advice.”
“I agree and I want the godparents of our child to be nearby.” Did I just hear that right?
“Are you pregnant?”
“Yeah, and when we get married, I would love for you to be my Maid of Honour.”
“Absolutely!” Braydan and Karl made their appearance in the living room, glasses and bottle in hand. Braydan looked baffled at our tear stained smiling faces.
“What did I miss?”
“Karen and Karl are getting married!” Braydan looked puzzled.
“Yeah, we’ve established that with the engagement ring; that’s why we are about to have a toast.”
“No, I mean they are getting married soon and they are expecting a baby! How do you feel about being a godparent?”
“Boys, when you two make an entrance you make an entrance! I would love to be a godparent. So does that mean you will be moving to Colorado or are we going to be doing the job at a distance?” Karen looked at Karl and he nodded.
“Yes, Karl has made some calls and has a few solid leads for a job and I would love to work with the both of you. Of course I will need a little time off when the little one is born.”
Karl, Braydan and I toasted to the engaged couple and expectant parents with champagne while Karen happily drank her milk.
Karen will definitely make a great Office Manager. She is so organized.
“Come on you guys this is my favourite based on the pictures.” Karen had set up appointments with a real estate agent prior to leaving Jacobson’s for the day after their arrival. I guess I am not the only one who makes a decision and jumps in with both feet.
“Jeeez Karen, you’re pregnant, aren’t you supposed to be tired and taking it easy?”
“I am so excited to have things settled; I feel like I could go on for hours.” That brought on a collective groan from Karl, Braydan and me.
“What do you think?” We all looked at the house she had been talking about. Braydan was the first to pipe up.
“It’s great Karen! It’s got a great yard on a dead end street. It is close to our place which I am sure Mia will love.” He smiled at me as he said it. Karen was obviously on cloud nine as she turned to Karl.
“What do you think?”
“I think if the inside is as impressive as the outside, I’m sold.”
Within a week everything was finalized and Karen and Karl were proud homeowners. Now we only had the wedding to plan.
The ceremony was to be simple and elegant just as Karen had described her dream for the wedding when we had spoken. 
The Wedding March began playing in the small church as I started down the aisle with my small bouquet of roses. Braydan looked absolutely amazing in his tuxedo standing next to Karl. Karen and Karl had asked us to be a part of their wedding and we were honoured by their request. Once I reached my assigned spot at the front of the church, I turned to see Karen making her way down the aisle with her parents escorting her on either side. She was wearing a simple white wedding gown, her smile contagious. Her eyes never lost contact with Karl’s and Karl was beaming as he showed no signs of nerves he took Karen’s hand and they turned to the Minister. 
“I Karen, take you Karl, as my husband. You are the half that makes me whole, I feel so blessed that we have found each other. I will cherish every moment of our lives as we begin this journey together.” Her voice cracked and emotions threatened to take over as she continued. “No matter the road ahead, we’ll travel it together...” She put her hand to her stomach before she finished her sentence. “...all three of us.” 
“I Karl, take you Karen, as my wife. I had given up on finding my soul mate until you walked into my life. Your strength, your courage to follow your heart brought us together. I love everything about you and I am humbled that you chose me as your partner in life. I promise to be the best husband and father for you and our family. I love you.” Karl barely held it together while Karen had tears streaming down her face as her smiled trembled with emotion. The minister invited the newlyweds to kiss and seal the deal.
The wedding was wonderful; I can’t believe we pulled everything off so quickly. The reception was in full swing and the happy couple were cutting the cake. They would be welcoming a new life into the world in a few months. We were so happy for Karen and Karl. Braydan and I made our way onto the balcony to get some air and a few minutes of quiet away from the hustle and bustle of the reception.
“It’s a beautiful night.” Braydan commented as he walked up behind me and put his arms around my waist.
“It certainly is. Karl and Karen seem really happy.”
“They have a lot to be happy about; a great wedding and a baby on the way. Not to mention some pretty awesome friends.” I could feel him smiling behind me. “What else could they want?”
“We are lucky to have them as friends as well. I never thought I would have a best friend, a home, a new career, a fiancé...are you sure about starting a family too?”
“There is nothing I want more than to marry you and raise a family.”
“Good because we may have to up the date of the wedding.” His hands stilled on my stomach before turning me to face him.
“Are we going to have...” He stopped mid sentence.
“Yes, we’re going to have a baby. You’re going to be a father.”
“Hot damn!” He lifted me up and twirled me around before setting me back down on the ground.
“I love you Braydan.”
“I love you Mia. You are going to be the greatest mom ever!”
My life feels complete. All that is left is to wrap up the case that has been haunting us since Jacobson’s. We were still working with Jake to track down the elusive fifth man who got away.
###
About the author:
MJ LeBlanc is a mother and wife who enjoys reading, dancing, kayaking and motorcycling. She worked in various human resources management positions during the past several years. She received a Bachelor's Degree in Recreology as well as a Diploma in Adult Education and Masters in Business Administration. She has taught Bachelor level University courses off and on for several years. Writing a book was a personal goal and she hopes that you enjoyed it as much as she enjoyed putting her ideas to paper.
