


December Sunshine

Copyright 2015 Evida Suntoyo 
Published by Evida Suntoyo at Smashwords



Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty One
Chapter Twenty Two
Chapter Twenty Three
Chapter Twenty Four
Chapter Twenty Five
Chapter Twenty Six
Glossary



Chapter One


Endang dabbed a shy layer of pink lipstick on her lips. She observed herself and fixed her hair a little bit more. The reflection of her in the full body mirror was to her satisfaction. She pulled out her shirt a little bit from her trousers to cover her waistline. Riski her roommate was lying around lazily in her bed listening to the trendy music on the radio. The DJ’s deep soothing voice made her sigh dreamily.
“I love men with a deep voice.” Riski exclaimed.
“I know that by now, you keep repeating it over and over again during Pak[1] Guntoro’s classes.”
“Isn’t his voice so beautiful? So masculine and fatherly. Besides he’s so handsome. I wonder how a man, who looks and sounds like him, could work as a lecturer in our Campus. He should be an actor or model.”
 “Well, maybe he gets stage fright and freezes in front of an audience,” Endang replied nonchalantly.
“Don’t be silly, if he gets stage fright, how can he teach in front of the whole class?” Riski refuted.
“You got a point there.” Endang thought for a while, “He is very stingy in giving scores though, and not to mention the quizzes, that he gives, are student killers.”
“Speaking of quizzes, don’t we have one tomorrow? How could you so easily go out on a date today?”
“I’m not going on a date. I’m going to the library with Mas[2] Widodo, he’s going to tutor me on statistics. I feel that I’m one of the many students who’s been getting the evil eye from The Gun man because of my grades, so Mas Widodo will help me study today.” She replied coyly.
“Ah…, a study date?” Riski, “But I don’t understand how he can help you that much, he is after all studying finance and we’re studying agriculture.”
“According to Mas Widodo, the principles are the same. So, we’ll see.” She turned around and picked up her backpack. “I’ll see you later.”
“Okay, behave properly now, don’t do things that you’ll regret later.”
“I know. Thanks.”
They kissed each other on the cheeks. Riski snuggled herself back into her bed as Endang walked out the door. The cold Malang[3] the weather was perfect for one to stay in bed doing nothing. Riski mumbled to herself.
Endang walked out of the boarding house, she peeped at her watch it was just 9 AM. She smiled, she was early her study date was at 10 AM at the library. She walked over to her favorite food stall to buy some fried snacks. She picked several pieces, the auntie selling the snacks handed it to her in a clean small plastic bag and she received it then sat on a bench to eat.
She was half way through her greasy breakfast when she heard a familiar voice from behind her. She didn’t dare to turn around. She knew very well who it was. Endang sat still, looking for an opportunity to escape the food stall. Suddenly she felt the long bench she was sitting on gently thumped as if somebody sat down beside her. She glanced through the corner of her eye. It was him, her biggest nightmare.
“Good morning, Dik[4] Gun.” She smiled hypocritically as he turned around to see who was sitting next to him.
“Bu Lik[5] Endang, what are you doing loitering about at this hour of the morning?” He asked coolly.
“Dik Gun, it’s a little over 9 AM right now, and I’m not loitering about. In fact, I’m heading over to the library in a few more minutes to study for the Statistic quiz, my horrid lecturer is going to give us tomorrow.” She replied feistily.
“Ugh, thank goodness nobody in campus knows that I have to respect you as my auntie, otherwise I can’t imagine the level of embarrassment that I have to go through. Not only do I have to call Auntie to a person fifteen years younger than me, but that person happens to be one of the dumbest students in my class.”
“Hey, that’s not fair. I happen to have an average score of 2.89, which cannot be considered as one of the lower performers. I’m not the smartest, but certainly not the dumbest. It’s just that your subject is the one that hits me the hardest.”
“Huh, maybe if you try focusing in class and not chat with your friends, you’ll do better.”
“Enough! I’m late for my date…I mean to study at the library.” She stood up and stomped away.
Guntoro looked at her from behind and shook his head while smiling. He took a deep breath and frowned. He always knew that she was dotted by everybody and most of the time her parents would let her get away with everything she wanted.  Of course, it was common knowledge that she was adopted, and even she knew about it. His grandparents had been waiting for years for another baby that never came into their lives. Finally in their old age, they decided to adopt a child of a distant relative who was left widowed at a very young age.
He smiled remembering how his ex-wife Dini hated Endang with all her might.  She hated the fact that she had to respect a little girl who was stubborn, dirty and obnoxious. Every time Endang would come back from the river with his grandfather, she would be covered in mud and stinking of fish. Something Dini with all her high-class elegance could never tolerate.
Endang ran as fast as she could. She wanted to put a large distance between herself and Guntoro. As always he liked picking on her so much. She felt that the heavens had punished her the day she found out that he was the lecturer in her Statistic class. Being family, she thought that he would cut her a little more slack, but apparently he thought it would be a better idea to tighten the rope around her neck. People, who don't respect their elders, will definitely suffer life’s punishment. She consoled herself.
She arrived at the library, there weren’t many students who came to study. Perhaps many people had the same idea as Riski, to just stay in bed enjoying their Sunday.
She scanned the reading room in the library to see if Widodo had arrived. She smiled when she saw him, sitting at a corner table with his nose buried inside a thick book. His thick glasses dropped down to the bridge of his nose, and his curly hair looked like a birds nest on a tree branch. But those were the qualities that drew her to him. He was simple, serious and soft-spoken. Not like that peacock of a nephew she has. He was in his last semester of university. She was a little bit sad that she only had a few months left to see him frequently around campus. Once he graduates, they would need to re-plan their relationship.
“Mas Wid,” She whispered, “Have you been here long?”
“Oh nDang, you’ve arrived. I wanted to catch up on some reading, so I didn’t really feel as if I was waiting.”
“Okay, I have my books, should we start?” She said while taking out her textbooks from her bag.
“So tell me what are you finding difficult?”
They immersed into the topic of statistics. Endang felt great, because of the way he explained to her, it was easier for her to understand and digest compared to the lectures she received in class. She never could understand how her friends would praise Guntoro for being such a good lecturer and making even the hardest subject very easy to understand. In her opinion, his teaching style is boring and his voice seem to lullaby her to sleep in class.
“So, what do you think? Learning statistics is not a nightmare after all, right?” Widodo smiled.
“Not at all, I finally got the idea behind it and can comprehend the formulas you showed me.”
“I don’t know, according to the guys that took Pak Guntoro’s classes, his a very good lecturer, he has the way to make even the thickest student understand his lesson, while my friends always criticize me for my lack of ability to re-explain things to them.”
“I don’t know. Maybe I’m just not a peacock person.”
“Huh?”
“Never mind, do you want to grab something to eat? My treat.” She offered.
“Sure, do you want to stop by my dorm room later?” He asked her helpfully.
“Umm, I don’t think I can.” Her voice was trembling, “I still have some papers to finish.”
“Ah, okay, very well, let’s go and eat some bakso[6], and then I’ll walk you back home.”
“Okay.”
Endang felt on top of the world reading the quiz, and her nose felt it grew wider answering them. She had never felt a satisfaction like this before, being able to conquer with ease problems written on a piece of paper.
She finished ten minutes before the end of the session and stood up to hand over her answers to Guntoro. Riski looked at her with disbelief. Usually, her best friend had to stay a few minutes after just to finish the one last problem.
Guntoro looked at her, “Wait.” He said softly, “Let’s see if you did well or just closed your eyes and scribbled down anything that crossed your mind.”
“Fine, go ahead!” She retorted.
Guntoro examined closely her paper closely. She could see his eyebrows arching in surprise. He looked up at her, then back down again to the quiz sheet. “Let me see your hands.” He said.
“What?” She asked in disbelief.
“I want to see if you cheated and have something written down on your hands.” He repeated.
She lifted her hand and pushed it forward as hard as she could, there was a loud sound as her right palm slammed against his left cheek.
An awkward silence filled the room as everybody looked towards them. The students’ eyes were wide opened with shock seeing a fellow student slap a lecturer.
Guntoro was quiet with shock, his only reaction was to sit on his chair with his hand on his cheek and look at Endang. She couldn’t believe her own reaction either, finally realizing that they were still in the class. She looked around at her friends, then turned and ran out the door, having mixed feelings of anger, shame, and confusion.
“I can’t believe you dared to do that!” Riski exclaimed when she and a group of friends saw Endang sitting on the bench in front of the faculty building, “You are going to get into so much trouble. You should go to Pak Guntoro and tell him that you’re sorry.”
“Endang, you’re bound to be suspended,” Syaiful added. “I agree with Riski, you should find him and apologize.”
“No, I won’t,” Endang replied stubbornly. “He was the one who unjustly accused me of cheating in the quiz.”
“nDang, the problem is, you never finished that quickly in a quiz, and I bet you scored pretty well, that’s why he thought you were cheating.”
“What? Does that stupid man think it’s impossible that I actually made the effort to study during the weekend? He should show more respect to me, he had absolutely no right to accuse me like that, more so without a single shred of evidence.”
“nDang, the problem is you should have talked it over like a civilized human being instead of going around and slapping the lecturer.” Mita tried to talk some sense into her. “Besides my poor Arjuna[7] his face was all red, partially from the slap and partially from embarrassment.”
“Well, there’s no way on earth that I’m going to apologize. He is the one who has to come, kneel down to me and beg for my forgiveness. He should learn to respect his elder.” She mumbled.
“Well, now you’re just talking crazy.” Riski commented. “I know that you went out to study yesterday. Maybe that shook your brain somehow.”
“I heard that you were hit by one of your students,” Nunik fumed. “I’m not going to let her get away with it. I’m not going to rest until she gets expelled from this University. “She paused for a few minutes, took a handkerchief and caressed his cheek with it. “Does it hurt?”
“Bu[8] Nunik.” He answered while awkwardly moving his face away from her hand. “No, I was more shocked than anything else. But please don’t do anything to her. I was out of the line when I accused her of cheating on the test, despite knowing that she went very early to study in the library just the day before.”
“Why are you defending her?” Nunik looked at him feeling unhappy at his words. “An insolent girl like that deserves to be punished as hard as possible.”
Guntoro smiled. “I’m alright, really I am.”
The next few days Endang walked through campus with a sensation as though she had a bull’s eye stuck to her back. She had been promoted from a nobody to the most hated by the majority of girls in her faculty. Riski was the only one at her side. “Be patient, nDang.” She said. “If you weren’t my best friend and roommate, I would hate you too, for slapping the most popular and desired man in our campus.”
“Thanks for your hard work in consoling me.” Endang responded.
Suddenly a faculty staff member came up to them, “Which one of you is Endang?” He asked.
Endang could feel her heart skip a beat. “M..me…” She replied. Did the peacock squeal on her to the Dean? She asked herself.
“You have a phone call from your house. You can go to the administration office to take it.” He explained.
“A call from home?” She had a very bad feeling.
She quickly followed him through the hallway to the administration office. He showed her to the phone that was off the hook. “Hello….” She gingerly said.
“Endang is that you?” She heard her sister on the other side.
“mBak[9] Yuni, this is me.” She answered, “What’s wrong, mBak?”
“nDang, you have to come home immediately, it’s Bapak[10]. Bapak has been hospitalized, his condition is very bad.”
“What? mBak, tell me what happened to him?” Endang could feel the world spinning. She almost fell to the ground when she felt firm hands supporting her up by holding her by the shoulder. She felt someone take the phone away from her.
“Ibu,” Guntoro spoke into the handset. “What’s wrong with mBah Kakung[11]?”
Endang couldn’t hear anything else, the next thing she knew, he whispered, “Bu Lik, don’t worry he’s going to be alright, don’t worry. Let’s head home to Jember.” She felt him leading her out of the Administration Office.
In between consciousness she could feel people looking at them with bewilderment as he held her in his arm and walked her to his car.

Chapter Two

Endang leaned her head against the car window, looking out to Guntoro who was talking to the administration staff in the parkway, she couldn’t hear what they were talking about, but by Guntoro’s hand movement, she suspected she was part of the conversation subject. She saw Guntoro and man shaking hands then he walked back to the car and sat at the driver’s side.
“I had to explain to him why I was hugging you by the shoulder back there, he was rebuking me for inappropriate behavior towards a student.” Guntoro volunteered an explanation.
“What did you tell him?”
“The truth, that you’re my aunt and that the person who called just now was your sister who happens to also be my mother.”
“Oh well, there’s nothing we can do, I suppose. The truth will have to come out sooner or later.” She said softly.
“Let’s go.” He whispered.
Endang felt that the drive so far was the longest hour of her life. She glanced at Guntoro who was driving in silence, they didn’t really have anything to talk about. Guntoro glanced at her also sensing her anxiety he said, “You know, you pack a pretty hard slap for a girl.”
“Only to those who deserve it.” She replied.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to offend you. I was just playing around. I knew that you studied hard on Sunday, I shouldn’t have said that you cheated on the quiz.”
“I’m sorry too. Not about slapping you. I’m sorry that all your lady fans began to look at me as if I was a piece of dirty rag.”
Guntoro started to laugh, “My lady fans?”
“Yes, oh dear nephew. You are quite popular with the girls in campus, and even with more than one academic and administrative staff I presume.”
“Listen, Bu Lik. I know that we have a big age gap, and we hardly know each other. Maybe that’s why even though you came to study in Malang and I work there, not only in the same city but also in the same institution, you didn’t want to come and live at my house. So let’s take advantage of the next two hours to get to know each other better. What would you like to know about me?”
“You don’t teach so many classes, so how could you afford to buy a car? Do you take bribes from students? Is that why you give me bad scores?”
“You have such an evil tongue! No! I do not take bribes from students. My teaching job at your University, is not a full-time job, like you said so yourself, I only teach a few classes. I have another job, one that pays better.”
“Oh yeah? What would that be?”
“Have you heard of Dimas Dharmawan?”
“The bestselling suspense novel author? Of course, I’m a big fan.”
“I’ll take that as a complement to my work. Thank you!”
“No! You’re lying, you can’t be him.”
“If you are willing to stop by my house someday I can show you my manuscripts and submittals, also the correspondence with the publishing company. But keep this to yourself, if I wanted everybody to know that I am an author, I wouldn’t have used a pen name.”
“Oh wow!” She paused, “So why do you teach? I mean if you earn well as an author. Do you spend all your money at once and are broke most of the time or something?”
“Gosh no! I have my savings. I hope that I can take an early retirement and go traveling in the future. Maybe I can get better writing materials if I visit places and see how people from other cultures live.” He paused, “But anyway, I teach because I like to. It’s a life calling for me. I want to share my knowledge and make a difference in other people’s lives.”
“Wow, nephew. You’re really something else. I want to be just like you when I grow up.” She smiled.
“What about you? What do you like to do in your free time?”
“I draw. I like to draw, in fact, that’s how I earn some additional pocket money. My friends ask me to draw a sketch of them or their family and they pay for it.”
“So you’re an artist?”
“I’d like to be. I want to learn to use oil paint, so far I’ve only worked with charcoal and water paint.”
“Interesting.”
“May I ask you something else?” She asked with doubt.
“Go ahead, we do want to get to know each other.”
“I remember that you used to bring your wife to our house when you visited and for a while now you never bring her there anymore. Why is that?”
He was silent for a while, “We are divorced.” He finally said.
“Oh, I’m sorry to hear that.”
“Things like that happen in the world of adults.”
“Do you keep in touch with her?”
“Not really, we don’t have any kids between us so there is actually no valid reason to talk. Besides, she’s already remarried with a foreigner and is living overseas.”
“Ah…okay. Well, I guess that would make it awkward if you tried to communicate with her.”
“What about you? When we met last Sunday you said you were going out on a date, at the library was it?”
“Well, I am seeing someone.” She blushed. “His from a different faculty and he is almost in the last semester.”
“And how serious are you with him?”
“Well, we’ve only been going out for six months, so we are just getting to know each other. But he is very smart, and he helps me to study whenever he can, especially if it has something to do with math, he’s very good at it.”
“Do you like him a lot?”
She blushed and just nodded.
“So he was the one who helped you study for my quiz?”
“That’s right.”
“Hmm, he must be very good if he can make a dense person like you understand.” He mumbled.
“I’m not dense. I just have a bad teacher.”
They were silent for a few minutes, each lost in their own thoughts. Endang sighed when she remembered her father’s condition. It felt as though a razor blade had cut through her heart.
“I’m sure he will be alright,” Guntoro said, “Mbah Putri[12], always takes good care of him.”
“I know. But mBak Yuni’s voice sounded urgent on the phone.”
“Ibu always sounds urgent over the phone. Even if it’s to remind me to eat lunch.”
She smiled. “Thanks for cheering me up. Don’t you think it’s strange that mBak Yuni called the Faculty office instead of my cell phone?” She asked.
“Ibu? I don’t think it’s strange. She always calls me either at home or to the faculty. She never calls my cell phone, she read somewhere that the electromagnetic waves can induce cancer, so she doesn’t believe in cell phones.”
“Ah…no wonder she was upset when Bapak bought me one before I left to Malang.”
“She means well.”
“I know she does. She’s the best sister in the world.”
“Speaking about cell phone, could you call my parents’ house and ask them what hospital is Mbah Kakung in? Here, use my cell phone.” He said while handing the cell phone to her.
She called, the phone rang several minutes, and then somebody answered. “Hello…” Said a familiar voice.
“Mbak Yuni? Mbak, this is Endang, I’m in Dik Gun’s car right now, and we are a few minutes away, what hospital is Bapak in?” She asked.
“nDang, can the two of you come to my house and pick me up so we can go together?” She said.
“One moment.” She turned to Guntoro, “Dik, your mother asked if we can stop at her house and pick her up.”
“Of course.”
“Mbak Yuni, we’re going straight to your house.”
“Okay, I’ll be waiting.”
It took them thirty minutes to arrive at her house. Once they arrived outside the gate, Guntoro and ending came down from the car and rang the bell at the gate.  Guntoro’s mother was a heavy woman in her early fifties. She had a friendly disposition and is very energetic. Guntoro and Endang looked at each other with surprise when they saw that she was dressed up in er best clothes, wearing jewelry and some makeup.
“Guntoro, Endang, how are you?” She asked cheerfully.
“Ibu, we’re fine. Uhh, why are you dressed like that?” He asked her.
“Oh? Like what?” She pretended to not understand what he was saying.
“Mbak, you’re dressed like you’re going to kondangan[13], and not to the hospital to visit a sick person.”
“Is that so?” She asked. “Well, it’s too late to change now. Let’s go.” She said while opening the back door to the car and sitting on the back seat.
“Ibu, isn’t Bapak going to come with us?” Guntoro asked.
“Your father is already at the K eh, hospital.” She answered. “Gun, let me borrow your cell phone, so I can tell Ibu that we’re on our way.”
“Cellphone? You?” Guntoro asked surprised.
“Why are you questioning your mother so much? Are you such a big successful man right now that you think your mother is such a dumb woman who doesn’t know what she’s doing?” She asked in an angry voice.
Endang quietly snuck into the car, sat down and very gently closed the door. She knew very well, that her sister was a very great and easy going person, but it is a bad idea to cross her, because she can turn into a lioness at times.
Guntoro nervously handed his cell phone to his mother. She pushed his hand away, and then handed him a small piece of paper, “Are you trying to make fun of me? You know that I don’t know how to use that thing. Here dial this number and give me the phone when somebody answers.”
He dialed the number written on the paper, he heard a man answering, “Hello.”
“Bapak?” Recognizing his father’s voice.
“Ah, Gun how are you?”
“Bapak I’m fine, let me pass the phone to Ibu,” Guntoro answered seeing that his mother was becoming impatient.
“Bapake Gun[14], we’re heading there right now. Make sure you tell everybody.” She said in a bossy voice. “Is everything ready? Okay, okay, I’ll see you in a few minutes.”
Neither Guntoro nor Endang could hear what Guntoro’s father was saying on the other side of the line. Guntoro’s mother ended the call and gave the phone back to him. “You just drive and I will guide you.” She said. “First go straight and in the next intersection, make the right turn.”
Both Guntoro and Endang felt that she was acting strange, but neither of them dared to question her any further. Guntoro obeyed his mother and drove to the direction she gave him.
“Gun, park your car over there, under that tree. Let’s go down here and walk to the err… the hospital.” She said assertively.
Guntoro parked the car as she told him to. All three of them went down. Endang waited for her sister to lead the way walking behind Guntoro, just in case her sister felt like hitting her son, she would be clear out of the way.
They walked a few meters, when she caught sight of a familiar figure in the distance standing on the road side leaning against the gate of a building, he wasn’t alone, and there were others with him
“That’s Bapak.” She said almost to herself. “What is he doing there? Why isn’t he resting in bed? And Ibu is there too. What’s going on?” She said her tone was obviously full of worry and anxiety, she wanted to run towards her father, but her sister had moved directly in front of her and was in her way. She didn’t want to be rude and push pass her. So she walked slowly behind her.
When they arrived at the front of the building Endang could hear Guntoro’s voice saying in a weird tone “But this is not the hospital this is the KUA[15].”
She looked up at the building and was rendered speechless, why would her father be here?
The people, that were with her father and mother, exclaimed with joy, “Oh, here are the groom and bride, they finally arrived.’
Guntoro shouted, “What’s going on here?”
Endang was so confused she could only manage to let out, “Wh…ha…ha…ha..t???”
Suddenly Pak Bakrie, her father, clutched his chest, grinned in pain and fell to the ground while saying, “Oh no, my grandson and adopted daughter don’t love me enough to fulfill my wishes.”
Everything felt like a slow motion video for Endang, as people started running to catch her father who almost hit the ground, she could hear people screaming and panicking all around her. She tried to move, but her feet seemed cemented to the ground.

Chapter Three

It took her several minutes to finally snap back to reality. When she came to, her father was lying on top of a pandanus leaf mat with his head on her mother’s lap. His eyes were tightly closed and his breath was short. As she leaped forward and ran towards him, her eyes were filled with tears.
“Bapak, Bapak!” She screamed, “What’s wrong?”
“We need to bring him to my car, quickly we have to take him to the hospital,” Guntoro shouted, getting ready to stand up and run to his car to bring it closer.
Pak Bakrie’s eyes opened slightly, he reached out and grabbed Guntoro’s arm. “Guntoro, my grandson.” He whispered, “I don’t have much time left in this world, you have to promise me something.”
“Mbah, calm down, you shouldn’t talk, you need to conserve your strength you…” He was left silent when he felt someone hitting his head from behind.
“Be quiet, you silly boy.” He heard his mother’s voice, “Give him a chance to speak, listen to your Mbah Kakung.”
Pak Bakrie threw a look of disapproval at his eldest daughter before continuing his words, “Guntoro, please promise me that you will take my place to take care of my little Endang. You know that she is a fatherless child, and her mother is very poor. I’m worried about her fate after I’m gone.”“Bapak, please don’t say things like that.” Endang cried, “Bapak, you’re going to be alright. Why don’t we go to the hospital so the doctors can take a look at you?”
“Guntoro, please give me your word that you are willing to be responsible for Endang from now on.” He whispered to Guntoro.
“But, Mbah, of course, she’s my aunt, of course, I will take care of her until she comes of age and I will make sure that she finishes her studies and marry a good man, I will….”
Pak Bakrie started coughing, Endang started to cry uncontrollably seeing her adopted father’s condition. The old man who had been her hero and idol all her life was now lying weakly on the side of the street.
“Guntoro, I want you to marry Endang right now. That’s why we’re here at the KUA, I have told your mother to do all the processes and submit all the documents necessary for the marriage registration. Everything is ready, all, that's left, is for the two of you to enter the office and go through the marriage contract and registration.”
“Bapak, what are you saying?” Endang cut in, “How can I marry the son of my own sister, that’s disgusting. Ouch”, This time her sister’s slap fell on her head.
“Endang, don’t be stubborn. I want to see you married to a good and responsible man before I meet my maker. I want to rest in peace knowing that your life will be a good one, with someone who can give you dignity in the eyes of society and a good status. A man who can be a responsible head of the family for you and your children. Or do you have someone already?”
“Well, not really, but…”
“Then I don’t want to hear anymore, will the two of you fulfill my last wish, Guntoro, Endang?”
Guntoro and Endang looked at each other, “Bu Lik, let’s talk over there for a little bit.” He whispered.
“Why do you need to talk? It’s yes or no. Don’t you feel bad seeing Bapak like this?” Bu Nining, Endang’s mother who was quiet all this time said sharply. “Are the two of you ungrateful children who're not willing to make him happy at a moment like this?”
“Mbah Putri, it’s not like that. I’m not ungrateful.” Guntoro protested
Pak Bakrie started to cough out loud, his wife cried and held his head closely to her chest, “Look at what you’re doing to him.” She cried.
“Okay, I’ll agree to it. Mbah Kakung, please calm down, if you stress yourself, you’ll get worse.”
“Dik Gun!” Endang shrieked.
He looked at her sharply, feeling that everybody was looking at her and waiting for her answer, she finally nodded.
“Excellent!” Guntoro’s father exclaimed. “It’s almost your turn, we should quickly go inside, come on the two of you.”
Guntoro felt his body being pulled up and several hands pushing him forward towards the building. He could see Endang trying to fight off the women who were surrounding her, she was trying to get back to where her father was lying on the ground, but she was overwhelmed by the women and ended up being dragged towards the KUA building, his mother being the person who was pulling her by the arm.
It all felt like an out of body experience for Endang, everything surrealistic and blurry, one minute she was pushed down onto a chair, the next minute she could here Guntoro being forced to rehearse the marriage contract, there were people talking and laughing, she couldn’t make out what they were saying. Suddenly without her realizing it, the Penghulu[16] sat in front of them.
She heard the sound of a chair being pulled beside her and someone sat at her side. She turned around to see who it was, to her surprise it was her father.
He had a big smile and sat up straight, he also was breathing easily and not coughing anymore. She wanted to open her mouth to protest, but the Penghulu started his sermon, so she held back. She glanced at Guntoro, his face was tense and he was fully concentrated, somehow she just knew that he was not aware of Pak Bakrie’s presence in the room. She tried signaling him by pinching his arm softly, but he kept brushing her fingers off.
Out of despair she whispered, “Psst, Dik Gun, psst...”
“Shhht……” Her mother silenced her and pinched her shoulder. She grinned in pain. She felt all hope had gone. The peacock wasn’t paying attention to her, and she didn’t have the nerve to try and stop the marriage registration ceremony. He was her only hope for that.
Even in her confused state of mind she was aware that she was merely an adopted child of the family, while he was their direct family member. She didn’t want to act unfilially to the people who had kindly taken her in since she was a baby, the people who had nurtured, loved and educated her for nineteen years.
To her horror Guntoro was too focused on his hand that was holding the Penghulu’s and trying to remember his line that he didn’t realize it was his own grandfather who gave the Ijab[17] despite just minutes before he was lying on the ground claiming to be dying. Guntoro quickly said the Kabul[18] accepting her as his bride. Just as he finished reciting, he realized what had happened, he quickly turned his head to Pak Bakrie while letting go of the hand he was shaking. He was surprised to see his grandfather there, smiling happily.
The Penghulu declared the marriage contract valid.
Guntoro stood up in protest when they put a pen in his hand so he could sign the marriage book. Endang was happy to see that he had finally realized how they had been tricked. Now he can stand up against them.
“This is not right,” He said. ”I won’t sign the marriage book!”
Endang smiled and nodded her head in agreement.
Seeing his behavior, the Penghulu became upset, “What’s going on?” He bellowed.
Pak Bakrie suddenly cough followed by a wheezing sound.
“Bapak..!” His wife and daughters cried.
This scared Guntoro, he feared that his behavior was causing his grandfather’s condition to worsen. He quickly sat down and signed.
Now that the pen was given to her, Endang fell into dismay, she signed her name into the book and handed the pen to her sister.
The Penghulu stamped the book and handed it to them respectively. “Congratulations!” He smiled. “We’re finished here.” He said as he stood up and walked away.
“Now we have to go back to our house, I’ve prepared the feast.” Guntoro’s mother declared. “I have everything ready to welcome my new daughter in law into our family.”
“Mbak Yuni…” Endang tried to speak up.
“Not Mbak Yuni, you have to call me Ibu now. I’m officially and legally your mother in law. You can’t call me mBak anymore, and you can’t refer to your husband as a junior either, you have to call him Mas from now on!” She ranted with her bossy attitude.
Endang cringed at the idea. But she smiled anyway.
“Ibu, Bapak, Mbah, I want to talk privately with Bu Lik, I mean this wife of mine. Can you please excuse us?”
“Don’t take too long.” His father said.
Guntoro dragged Endang a few meters away from everyone. “Why didn’t you say anything?” He chided. “Looking at his condition now, I’m seriously beginning to doubt that Mbah Kakung is really as sick as he claimed to be.”
“Excuse me?” She rebuked, “I was the one who was pinching your arm, remember, the fingers that you just brushed off?”
“I didn’t realize it was you.”
“What do we do now?” She asked.
“Nothing. Not until we know for sure how Mbah Kakung’s condition is and that we aren’t going to put his health in any danger.”
“I guess you’re right about that.” She paused for a while then began to wipe her eyes.
“Are you alright?” He asked with concern.
“No! I don’t understand what’s going on, I was told one thing earlier on the phone and then when we arrived here, all this happened. I’m confused and exasperated, but I’m afraid to say anything.”
He sighed, “Well, it’s not like it’s the end of the world. It’s just a marriage, I can personally say, I’ve been there and done that.” He then held both of her shoulders and looked into her eyes while saying, “But most importantly you should understand one thing.”
“What’s that?” She asked.
“They did this because they love you and think that they have made the best choice for you. Remember what Mbah Kakung said, he is very old, and if God forbids, anything were to happen to him, he wants to be sure that somebody will take care of you. Although I think forcing us to get married is a little bit on the extreme side, but the intentions were all good.”
“You think so?”
“I know so!” He let go of her shoulder, “Come on. Let’s go back before they think that we’ve escaped.”
“Wait a minute, isn’t that a good idea? Why don’t we do that?”
“And what if Mbah Kakung is really as sick as he claims to be? Do you want to risk making him worse?”
“You’re right. Let’s go back.”
The car ride back to Guntoro’s parents’ house was a noisy one. Since Guntoro’s mother opted to ride with her husband and her parents, they had to take back the extended family members in the car.
The back seat was filled with two couples, the two elderly men were brothers of Pak Bakrie. Endang sat in silence all the way, she felt strange that her position in the family hierarchy had shifted from daughter to granddaughter in law. These were her uncles and aunts who she grew up with, but now she felt like an outsider.
She pondered on Guntoro’s words regarding her family’s good intentions for her though she couldn’t help but feel angry and frustrated that they decided to marry her to him. In her mind, she felt as if they didn’t seriously consider her as a real daughter. If they did, then they wouldn’t have made her marry someone who she had considered her own nephew, her whole life.
Remembering that she was now married, another pain grasped hold of her heart. “Mas Widodo.” She said to herself. What would happen to them and their budding love for each other? How would she tell him about her situation? What does Guntoro think about this matrimony? Does he intend to abide his family expectation and start a family with her? Or is he planning to end everything soon before anybody else besides their family knows about it? All those thoughts haunted her mind.
Seeing her sitting in the front passenger seat with anxiety, he whispered softly so the elders won’t hear what he was saying. “Don’t worry, we will talk about it later. I’m anxious too, but we should solve this situation slowly.”
She turned to him and smiled, “Thanks for your comforting words, Dik, errr Mas Gun.”
Hearing her call him that, struck him by surprise. So much so, that he involuntarily stepped on the break causing the car to jump to a halt. The elders sitting on the back passenger seat started to complain about the abrupt stop.
Endang couldn’t understand why he stopped the car and looked at her with a blushing face.

It took her several minutes to finally snap back to reality. When she came to, her father was lying on top of a pandanus leaf mat with his head on her mother’s lap. His eyes were tightly closed and his breath was short. As she leapt forward and ran towards him, her eyes were filled with tears.
“Bapak, Bapak!” She screamed, “What’s wrong?”
“We need to bring him to my car, quickly we have to take him to the hospital.” Guntoro shouted, getting ready to stand up and run to his car to bring it closer.
Pak Bakrie’s eyes opened slightly, he reached out and grabbed Guntoro’s arm. “Guntoro, my grandson.” He whispered, “I don’t have much time left in this world, you have to promise me something.”
“Mbah, calm down, you shouldn’t talk, you need to conserve your strength you…” He was left silent when he felt someone hitting his head from behind.
“Be quiet, you silly boy.” He heard his mother’s voice, “Give him a chance to speak, listen to your Mbah Kakung.”
Pak Bakrie threw a look of disapproval at his eldest daughter before continuing his words, “Guntoro, please promise me that you will take my place to take care of my little Endang. You know that she is a fatherless child, and her mother is very poor. I’m worried about her fate after I’m gone.”
“Bapak, please don’t say things like that.” Endang cried, “Bapak, you’re going to be alright. Why don’t we go to the hospital so the doctors can take a look at you?”
“Guntoro, please give me your word that you are willing to be responsible for Endang from now on.” He whispered to Guntoro.
“But, Mbah, of course, she’s my aunt, of course I will take care of her until she’s comes of age and I will make sure that she finishes her studies and marry a good man, I will….”
Pak Bakrie started coughing, Endang started to cry uncontrollably seeing her adopted father’s condition. The old man who had been her hero and idol all her life, was now lying weak on the side of the street.
“Guntoro, I want you to marry Endang right now. That’s why we’re here at the KUA, I have told your mother to do all the processes and submit all the documents necessary for the marriage registration. Everything is ready, all that’s left is for the two of you to enter the office and go through the marriage contract and registration.”
“Bapak, what are you saying?” Endang cut in, “How can I marry the son of my own sister, that’s disgusting. Ouch” This time her sister’s slap fell on her head.
“Endang, don’t be stubborn. I want to see you married to a good and responsible man before I meet my maker. I want to rest in peace knowing that your life will be a good one, with someone who can give you dignity in the eyes of society and a good status. A man who can be a responsible head of the family for you and your children. Or do you have someone already?”
“Well not really, but…”
“Then I don’t want to hear anymore, will the two of you fulfill my last wish, Guntoro, Endang?”
Guntoro and Endang looked at each other, “Bu Lik, let’s talk over there for a little bit.” He whispered.
“Why do you need to talk? It’s yes or no. Don’t you feel bad seeing Bapak like this?” Bu Nining, Endang’s mother who was quiet all this time said sharply. “Are the two of you ungrateful children who’s not willing to make him happy at a moment like this?”
“Mbah Putri, it’s not like that. I’m not ungrateful.” Guntoro protested
Pak Bakrie started to cough out loud, his wife cried and held his head closely to her chest, “Look at what you’re doing to him.” She cried.
“Okay, I’ll agree to it. Mbah Kakung, please calm down, if you stress yourself, you’ll get worse.”
“Dik Gun!” Endang shrieked.
He looked at her sharply, feeling that everybody was looking at her and waiting for her answer, she finally nodded.
“Excellent!” Guntoro’s father exclaimed. “It’s almost your turn, we should quickly go inside, come on the two of you.”
Guntoro felt his body being pulled up and several hands pushing him forward towards the building. He could see Endang trying to fight off the women who were surrounding her, she was trying to get back to where her father was lying on the ground, but she was overwhelmed by the women and ended up being dragged towards the KUA building, his mother being the person who was pulling her by the arm.

Chapter Four

“Does it hurt?” He asked her.
“What? I don’t understand what you’re asking.” She replied.
“I want to know if you are aching or bruised.”
“What in the world are you talking about? Are you drunk? Did you take the wrong medicine this morning?” She asked harshly.
“I want to know, when you fell off your high horse. Did it hurt you?” He asked again, “You were always so happy rubbing it in my face that you are my elder, my aunt, and now that you were forced to become my wife, everybody in the family is obligating you  to call me “Mas”, Ha…ha…ha…oh, karma has a subtle way to slap people in the face….” He chuckled.
“Oh, give it up! You fine feathered jerk!” She replied feistily.
“Guntoro, stop teasing Nak[19] Endang!” His grand-aunt said from the back seat. “Why don’t we continue already? It’s uncomfortable here! Besides we don’t want the guests to arrive before the bride and groom, do we?”
“Guest?” Guntoro and Endang asked simultaneously, they looked at each other for a few minutes. Guntoro shrug his shoulder, then he started the car again and began to drive.
They reached the house about the same time as the other group. Upon entering, Endang could see that the owner of the house took the time and effort to decorate it.
“Endang, you have to go with Bu Lik Karmi and Bu Lik Narti, they’ll dress you up, I have a kebaya ready for you in the back room, it’s not a proper wedding kebaya[20], but it’s made of white lace and it’s beautiful, I supervised the tailor myself,” Bu Nining said.
Endang doubted for a while, but seeing her adoptive parents’ expression she finally succumbed and followed the grandaunts to the back room, as she walked she could hear her mother continue, “Guntoro, your grandfather bought you a very nice batik shirt, it’s in your room, you can go and put it on.”
Luckily it wasn’t a real wedding reception, but just a Selamatan[21], most of the invitees were men and Endang’s presence was only required for a couple of hours. She escaped to the back room as soon as the prayers were finished and lied down on the bed. She had lost all her appetite in the face of all the uncertainty that surrounded her.
“What are you doing here?” A voice echoed through the door, it was her “ex” sister if such a word even existed. “You have to come out, we’re going to take photos of the two of you.” Bu Yuni came in and observed her from head to toe. “Luckily you didn’t mess up your hair and makeup.” She said while dragging her out of the room.
What Endang dreaded the most in her life, was to look ugly in photos. That’s why she forced herself to pose and smile for the camera.
After everybody had left, the family gathered in the living room to talk.
“Endang I know you and Guntoro might feel tricked into this arrangement,” Pak Bakrie said, “I am doing this for the both of you. Endang, I’m already over seventy years old, and your mother is too. You need to have a family of your own to belong to and to take responsibility for you. I don’t want that after I pass and your mother passes, you would be left all alone in this world. And also Guntoro, you’re already thirty-four years old, almost thirty-five. I know you failed once in a marriage before, but it’s been five years already, its time for you start again. You’re my only grandchild, my only decedent left in this world, how can you not give me great grandchildren.”
“You could have forced him to marry somebody else, and not involve me in this,” Endang said under her breath.
“Well, let’s just say I’m killing two birds with one stone.” Her father replied while looking at her sharply. “I’m very tired now. I think I’m going to rest for the night.”
“Bapak, Ibu, the two of you can use the back room,” Bu Yuni said.
“mBak Yun, eh…, Ibu, is the spare mattress still in the usual place?” Endang asked feeling exhausted herself, she was more than ready to dive into bed she stood up to follow her adoptive parents to the back room.
“Yeah, let me help you bring it down from the top of the closet.” Guntoro volunteered.
“Where are you going?” Bu Yuni said sharply.
“To sleep, in the back room,” Endang replied.
“You sleep with your husband! There’s the room there!” She pointed to Guntoro’s room.
Endang searched her mind for the best way to reject her, “How could you expect me to sleep in a room and in a bed that my husband had used with his ex-wife.” She said with victory in her eyes.
“Nice try! Dini always stayed in a hotel every time she came to visit us. This house is too humble for her taste.”
“Why? Was she afraid that our poverty might stain her feathers?” Endang snarled.
“She taught that poverty is a contagious decease,” Bu Yuni replied with the same tone. The two women let out an evil giggle at the thought.
“You two, enough about Dini.” Guntoro’s father reprimanded, “Your conversation is making Guntoro uncomfortable.”
“What did I do to deserve this?” Guntoro sighed while shaking his head.
He entered the bedroom and ending doubtfully entered behind him. “I trust you wouldn’t try to take advantage of me tonight.” He said to her.
“What do you mean by that?” She genuinely didn’t understand.
“Never mind. You’re too dense to understand that joke.” He replied while taking off his shirt and pants off.
“Hey, how could you do such a thing in front of me?” Endang reproached him while turning around to face the closed door.
“I’m only taking off my shirt and trousers, I still have my singlet and shorts on. It’s you who has a dirty mind. It’s not like you’ve never seen me like this before. I always do this when we go swimming in the river.” He replied nonchalantly.
“Well, it’s just that….” She stopped
“Here, you can use my clothes, go and change in the bathroom.” He threw a shirt and a pair of shorts at her, “Then you can sleep on the other side of the bed and don’t go acting all high and mighty about it, how many times have you crawled into my bed when you had nightmares? Anyway, we have to go back to Malang very early tomorrow, so you better go to sleep and not think about anything else, it’s been a long day.”
“For your information, that was different, I was a child back then, and you used to be my favorite nephew. Besides you weren’t such a stuck up peacock back then.” She poked her tongue at him and ran out to the bathroom.
When she returned to the room, she could hear his rhythmic breathing. She peeked at his face, he was obviously sleeping profoundly. “Huh, strange, he doesn’t look so snobbish when he’s sleeping.” She said to herself.
She lied down on her side of the bed, turned off the desk lamp. Before long she was fast asleep.
“Endang’s tuition will still be my responsibility.” Said Pak Bakrie, “But since she’s married now, I don’t need to send the monthly payment for the boarding house. And I imagine you can afford to feed her.”
“Yes, Mbah,” Guntoro replied.
“Okay then, you two be careful on the drive back, don’t go speeding or anything.” He told them.
They said their goodbyes to the elders. Before getting into the car and driving off.
“What am I going to do? Endang complained, “The month is almost over. How can I come up with the money to pay for my room?”
“You don’t need to, just come and live with me. I have a spare room you can use.” He said without taking his eyes off the road.
“Well, I suppose that will be the most sensible thing to do.” She said pensively. “So what are you planning to do about our marriage?”
“Why do I have to do anything?”
“Well, unlike you, who was a divorcee before we got married, I was single, a maiden.”
“Then feel free to consider yourself a future janda kembang[22].” He grinned.
“Very funny.”
“Listen, I propose that we continue our lives and forget that yesterday ever happened. We’ll act like a couple in front of our family, but once we get to Malang, we’ll just go back to the way we were.”
“Okay, I’m on board with that.”
He dropped her off in front of her boarding house, “You better start packing your belongings.” He advised, “In two days you’ll have to move out, I’ll be here to help you bring your things over to the house.”
“Okay, I’ll see you tomorrow then.” She waved. She looked at her wristwatch, it was just seven o’clock, she had enough time to change and go to her first class.
“Welcome home, Tante[23] Endang.” Riski greeted her, “How’s your father?”
“Tante Endang? What did your father offer to adopt me as his sister?” She asked.
“I’m practicing. So when I marry Pak Guntoro, it won’t feel weird. You’re so mean, how come you never told me that the two of you are related and that in fact you’re his aunt.” Riski smiled.
“Ugh…, please don’t put those two words in one sentence. It makes me want to puke.”
“What two words?”
“Marry and Guntoro.”
“Why?”
“Never mind, I’m going to change. How did you know about my relationship with him?”
“Everybody knows about it. Since yesterday, it has been the hottest topic in the faculty.”
“I can imagine. What are people saying?”
“Well at first some people were saying that you had a romantic relationship with him, because he was hugging you in campus, and the two of you left in his car, but Pak Komar from admin explained that you are his aunt and the two of you heard some upsetting news about your father who happened to be Pak Guntoro’s grandfather, and that’s why the two of you seemed so close.”
“Ah…, I see.”
“Although I’m angry at you. I thought that I was your best friend and your roommate, but how could you keep this secret from me.”
“Well, I didn’t intend to keep it as a secret, I just didn’t see the necessity in shouting it out to the world.” Endang explained.
“So can you put in a good word for me?” Riski begged.
“I can, don’t know if it will do any good. It’s not like we’re that close. We have a family relationship and everything, but that’s just about it. Besides, I don’t think you’re his type.”
“How is his type?” Riski chased.
“Well, Dini, his ex-wife. Oh yes, he had been married before. She’s the glamorous type, and when I mean glamorous think fashion model. Tall, thin, long straight hair, high cheekbones, designer perfume, designer clothes, and shoes. Her parents own a factory in Surabaya.”
“Wow, that’s kind of difficult to compete with.” Riski said.
“Oh, but I should tell you one thing. My parents don’t want to pay for my room anymore so I have to go and live with my nephew. “
“How can that be? You won’t be living here anymore?” Riski looked with surprise.
“Nope. I can’t afford it anymore. But the good news for you is that you’ll be able to visit me at my nephew’s house.”
“Hmm, Endang, you know I love you so much. Let me help you pack, so you can move out as soon as possible.”
“Thank you for all the love you show me.” She said sarcastically, “Okay, I’ve finished changing, let’s go to class.”
The two girls walked together to their class. Endang felt strange that the girls in her class were exceptionally friendly to her. It seems that everybody had a reason to say good morning to her. One girl even gave her a chocolate bar.
“Ndang, what do you plan to do for lunch today?” Anies asked her.
“I don’t know yet, probably to the usual place.” She replied while scratching her head.
“Do you like Siomay[24]?” She asked, “I’ll pay for it.”
“I do like Siomay, but you don’t have to pay for it, really,” Endang replied with an embarrassed smile. Anies never cared to talk to her before, so an invitation for lunch felt somewhat fishy.
“But I insist. You know I think we can be good friends. It’s a shame that we’ve never tried to get to know each other better.”
“Uh….Anies. Thanks for your invitation, but I just remembered that I promised Riski to go with her to the library and look up a book for her report.” She quickly said while escaping from the pretty girl.
She exhaled with relief, these two days had been crazy. She looked around her, as she saw  the coast was clear, she continued to walk down the hall. She thought it would be a good idea to spend the next ten minutes hiding in the bathroom. Anies had separated her from her “soul mate” Riski and she felt vulnerable to greeting attacks.
“Mbak[25] Endang….. You look so lovely today.” A loud woman’s voice echoed through the hallway.
She turned around in terror, seeing Bu Nunik walking up to her with a bright smile. Her big breast swinging left to right as she walked towards her.
“Mbak Endang, how is your father? I heard he fell ill and I was very worried about him.” She continued.
“Oh, Bu Nunik, thank you for asking. My father is fine, his health had greatly improved since yesterday.” Endang fibbed.
“Mbak Endang, you know, you are doing very well in my class. You are scoring a B average. But if you feel that you are having any difficulty in the subjects I teach, you should feel free to find me and ask anything you want.”
“Why thank you, Bu Nunik.” She replied earnestly.
“Then say hello to your uncle…no, your nephew for me.”
Ah so is that what it’s all about? She thought. Suddenly it dawned on her. Maybe this situation was actually a blessing in disguise. Maybe moving in with the peacock might not be such a bad idea after all. She smiled and her eyes shined. She has to map out her plan carefully to reap every benefit possible from this. First, she needs to find Anies and take her up on her lunch invitation. She turned around to walk back to the landing of the second floor where she left Anies, she walked merrily while whistling a happy little tune.



Chapter Five
“Mas Wid, how are you?” Endang ran up to her boyfriend and greeted him.
As usual Widodo came to find her to her faculty building to spend some time in the afternoon together. “nDang, do you want to go and grab something to drink?” he asked.
“Unfortunately I can’t, I have to move out of my dorm room today, I’m going to live with a relative of mine.”
“I didn’t know you had relatives here in Malang. Are you moving far from campus?” He hesitated waiting for her to continue.
“No, my relative, nephew actually, lives just a few blocks away from here. I don’t know if you heard the latest new yet, but the truth is Pak Guntoro my Statistic lecturer is my nephew.” “So I heard. My housemates, who go to this faculty, told me about it. I couldn’t believe it at first, but since now it’s coming from you, it must be true. So are you moving in with him?”
“Yes I am.”
“You know, he is a very charismatic and good looking man, and even though he is your nephew, he is way older than you. I feel a little worried.” Widodo stated.
His words made Endang feel guilty, “Well, you should know that my nephew is a married man.” She said to him. Although the truth was that he was married to her, but their matrimony was just on paper, she didn’t feel the need to worry Widodo with minor details.  “Let’s sit down on the bench over there. I’m waiting for Riski to finish her last class for today, before heading back to our room. She promised to help me with my move. We can use the next half an hour to chat.”
“Wow, isn't that your aunt? Is that her boyfriend?” Bu Nunik said in a gossipy tone while peering out the window. “My oh my, she does have a strange taste in men, doesn’t she?”
Guntoro looked through the blinds to the bench where Endang and Widodo are sitting and chatting. Suddenly there was a loud crashing noise as the blind fell and hit the side of his desk, followed by a female voice squealing in surprise.
“I better call Gatot the handyman,” He said while standing up calmly, “Maybe the screws of the blinds were loose.”
One of Guntoro’s colleagues whispered to another, “The stucco on the wall fell off too, it doesn’t look like it was caused by a loose screw.”
His friend just lifted his shoulder “As long as he pays for the damages.”
“Well, knowing that he’s not a bachelor does make me feel a whole lot better. I’m sure he has a high taste in women, so my worries were just ridiculous.”
“Are you saying that I’m ugly?” She couldn’t believe her ears.
“No, of course not. I think you’re very cute.” He lowered his head and blushed, “But what I’m trying to say is, just by looking at Pak Guntoro, it’s obvious that he has refined taste.”
“Okay, so, I’m cute by a reek of low class, is that it?”
He quickly held her hands in his, “Endang, please don’t try to pick a fight with me. To me you’re the prettiest girl in the campus. The idea of you living in the same house as him made me jealous, but now that I know he is married, I feel a lot better.”
She smiled uneasily, “You don’t have to worry. He’s my nephew. He’s family.”
They were disturbed by the sound of a car honking, “Bu Lik, why are you sitting around here? Have you packed your things already?” Guntoro shouted from inside the car through the opened window.
“Umm..Dik Gun, this is my friend, Mas Widodo.” Endang presented while the two of them walked to the car.
“It’s nice to meet you Pak Guntoro, my name is Widodo.” Widodo introduced himself while extending his hand.
Guntoro reciprocated and the two shook hands. “Hello, nice to meet you, I need to borrow my auntie for now, would you mind?”
“Not at all sir, not at all….” Widodo replied while bowing as a gesture to show his respect.
“Get in,” Guntoro said to Endang.
“I was waiting for my roommate, she said that she would help me carry my luggage to the first floor,” Endang said while entering the car.
“Why? Do you have that many things?”
“Well, no. It’s just two suitcases.”
“Then you can carry them down by yourself, you have enough meat on your body, I don’t think you’ll break a bone lifting your own suitcases.  Don’t be such a princess.”
“Look, it’s not about carrying the suitcases down or what not, it’s about saying goodbye to a friend who shared a room with me for more than a year. If you’re in a hurry to another appointment, you can write down your address, and give me your keys, I’m sure I can find your house. If you need to supervise me so I don’t touch your things, I’ll even wait in the living room until you arrive.”
“I’m sure you will be more than happy to wait in my living room, do you plan to invite your boyfriend so you can be alone in my house?”
Endang was appalled hearing those words from him. She stared at him intensely, her voice was emotional when she said, “Just what kind of person do you think I am? Why are you disrespecting the people who raised me and educated me? If you’re going to humiliate me like this because I’m a poor orphan who’s going to live in your house for free, then I’ll try to find a way to stand on my own.” She opened the door and put on foot on the ground, gesturing that she was going to get out of the car.
“Wait…” He stopped her, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry…I was out of line, again. I apologize. Of course, you’re a proper young lady and you would never do something like I just said right now.”
“I don’t know, this is the second time you’ve said something offensive to me.” She said while pulling her leg back inside and strapping the seat belt. “You should make it up to me.”
“Okay fine, how do you want me to make it up to you?”
“I want to have a housewarming gathering, with my girlfriends at your house, and I want you to be there, so you can’t accuse me of letting some man in your house.”
“Do I have to? I hate having people at my house.”
“I’m going to tell Bapak that he made me marry a jerk who does nothing but humiliate me all the time.”
“Don’t do that! Okay, you win. You can arrange your little party for this weekend, but not more than five people, and no loud noise or anything like that. And you have to arrange the food that you’re going to serve by yourself, I’ll give you the money of course.”
“No problem there. You know that I’m an excellent cook!” She replied while hiding her smile.
“I have to admit, that you are a good cook.” He paused for a few minutes, “I want you to stop seeing yourself as an orphan, you have parents, Mbah Kakung and Mbah Putri, and my parents are now your parents, and you have me also.”
“Thank you, Dik Gun.” Her heart felt warm.
“Dik Gun?” He raised his voice.
“What else should I call my nephew? Aren’t you my nephew while we’re in Malang? You were the one who said it.”
“You can call me that, but just when we’re in front of other people.”
“Sure.” She said while texting Riski. Her mind was already planning who to invite to her housewarming gathering, definitely girls who can give her sizable tributes to go and see Guntoro in his natural habitat.
His house was quite big for a single man, “I suppose a bestselling author does earn a good income.” She thought.
“The main bedrooms are on the second floor.” He explained. “You can use the room that’s across the hall from mine, there’s actually a guest room on the first floor, just before the kitchen, I plan to keep it empty just in case my parents come and visit, so that way they don’t need to go up and down the stairs. We have to share the bathroom, I don’t mind if you keep your toiletries in the cupboard that’s in there.”
“Okay, thanks.”
“You’ll be in charge of preparing the meals, and making sure that the house is clean, I have a washing machine back there, you can use it for your clothes, and you can wash mine too while you’re at it, it’s to save electricity and water. I’ll give you a daily shopping allowance, if you can manage it well, whatever is left, is yours. But of course I want decent meals every day.”
“Understood, Boss.”
“Boss?”
“What else should the cooking and cleaning lady call the owner of the house?”
“Those are normal duties for a housewife, you know.”
“Cleaning lady is more in my comfort zone.”
“Have it your way.”
“Since Mbah Kakung trusted me completely with you, I want you to study in the living room, that way if he asks me about your studies I can give him an honest answer.” He continued, “Do you have any questions?”
“You wouldn’t mind if I put some feminine touch to the house would you?” She asked.
“Feminine touch?”
“I have water paintings that I think will look nice on that boring and empty wall over there, and there, and there.” She said while pointing around the house.
“Suite yourself, my house your house.”
“Great!”
“Okay then, let me help you bring your things upstairs.” He said while walking in front of her carrying her suitcase in each hand.
They went up to the second floor. The room was a big surprise for Endang, it was large and comfortable. There was a desk with a computer on it. She could see that Guntoro had bought new flower motif sheets for her bed.
“Wow, I never thought that it would be this nice.” She exclaimed.
“Do you like it?”
“Very much. Umm, may I use this computer?”
“That’s what it’s there for.” He paused, “Why don’t you organize your clothes in the closet first, then take a shower and dress up nicely. Today I’ll take you out for dinner.”
“Wow! You’re awesome.”
“I know I am.” He left her in the room.
She organized her clothes neatly in the closet, a lapse of minutes had passed by when through the closed door she could hear the sound of a guitar. She smiled recognizing the old songs that he used to play for her in the past, when he would come and visit her parent’s house in the countryside. Those were good times, she was ten and he was twenty-five. He hadn’t married his ex-wife yet at the time. He was simple and humble, just like any young man who grew up and lived most of his life in a small town. Although in the family structure he was her nephew, but she always saw him like a big brother. The big brother that had been snatched away from her by a big city woman. Tears inadvertently rolled down her cheeks. She wiped her eyes then quickly finished what she was doing and grabbed a towel and a fresh change of clothes.
It was a pleasant surprise for her to go eat at a nice restaurant and not some street side food tent. This was certainly out of her range, she made sure that she behaved properly and not embarrass him. Luckily she had put on a nice dress, otherwise, she would look like a fish out of water here.
They sat across each other on the table, feeling embarrassed that she might order something out of his budget, she asked him to order for her. He smiled understanding her self-consciousness.
“So, what do you like about…What was his name? Widodo?” Guntoro asked.
“Oh about Mas Wid? I don’t know, a lot of things. His personality, his seriousness, his humility, and simplicity. Comes from Lumajang, so he is a small town person like me, when we’re together, we can talk about many things that we have in common.”
“And is that the type of man you’re looking for? Simple, humble, from a small town?”
She shrugged, “I don’t know if that is the kind of man I prefer, but it is the kind of man who in my current state of mind makes me feel comfortable to be around.”
“So you’re saying that in the future, you might change preferences?”
“I don’t know. Maybe.” She paused and took a sip at her drink, “What about you? Well, I know what your type of woman is. Why haven’t you remarried yet?”
“I have remarried, remember?”
“Ah…right.” She nodded, “No seriously. Why haven’t you remarried for real? Are you still in love with her? With Dik Dini?”
He smiled, “How do you know when you’re in love or not in love with someone?”
“I don’t know, well in my opinion, if you want to be close with that person, you want to hear their voice when you’re far away, something like that?”
“Is that how you feel for your boyfriend?”
“Well yes.”
“How childish!” He laughed.
“Maybe, but that’s the type of falling in love that I know of.”
After they finished eating, he took her for a drive around the city.
“Have you been to Batu[26]?” He asked
She shook her head.
“Then let’s go there to Paralayang[27], it’s beautiful at night.”
Endang shrieked to see the city lights from the height of the mountain, she pulled out her cell phone and took several photos.
“Let’s take a photo of us here.” She said to him taking a side by side selfie.
“Do you like the view?” He asked.
“Eh-he.” Suddenly she had an idea “Mas, mas can you please help take a photo of us?” Endang said to a young man who was there with a group of friends.
“Sure.” He replied
Endang dragged Guntoro to the side of the mountain, to pose against the night lights.
“Mister, why don’t you hug your daughter around the shoulder?” The young man said to Guntoro.
Seeing him pout and fume to be mistaken as her father, she laughed out loud. Causing the photo to turn out funny.
They arrived home a little late that night. With Endang still laughing remembering what the young man said.
“Does it make you that happy?” He asked.
“Yes it does, it’s a good change for once.” She caught her breath, “Ever since I’ve moved here, I here girls praising you like some kind of Adonis, that was a fresh point of view, don’t you think?”
“Hurry up go brush your teeth and go to bed! You have classes early tomorrow morning, don’t you?” He scolded.
“Sure, father……” She giggled and ran up the stairs.
A few minutes later she came back down holding a book in her hand, “Mas Gun,” she called out gently. “Hmm?” He replied while turning to her.
“M..Mas Gun." She stuttered still not used to using those honorifics on him, "You know that I’m a big fan of your work, can you please sign this copy for me?”
“You’re weird!” He looked at her puzzled but took the book from her anyway.
“You don’t need to write "To Endang" or "For Endang". Just write umm…let’s see….Okay, write; “I hope you enjoy this book” and then sign it. And make sure that your signature is identical to the one printed in the book.” She directed while handing him a pen.
He took a deep breath and shook his head, but complied with her wish.
“Thank you, you’re the best.” She smiled and ran upstairs again.
Guntoro walked towards the academic staffs’ office space, several students had gathered in the hallway immersed in a conversation. When he passed by them, he heard a young man’s voice say. “Yeah, I saw it myself, it’s authentic. She said she’ll sell it to the highest bidder.”
“But nobody has ever seen what Dimas Dharmawan looks like, he’s very elusive. How can we be sure that’s it's his real signature?”
“Well, you know how his books always have a forward page that has his signature printed in it. Well, this is exactly the same but in blue ink.”
Guntoro stopped approached them and asked, “Who is selling a book with the original signature of Dimas Dharmawan?”
“Oh, Pak Guntoro. The one selling it is Endang from the second year. Ah, she’s your aunt, isn’t she?”
“Ah….okay…” He nodded then walked away. “Why that little weasel…………” He muffled under his breath.


Chapter Six

Endang carefully put down the garnish as the final touches on the serving tray of the dish she just finished cooking. She gently picked up the tray and put it into the oven. She had recently learned this trick, keeping the plate inside the oven will keep the dish warm a little bit longer.
Guntoro entered the kitchen in his singlet and sweat pants with a small towel wrapped around his neck. “That smells so good!” He announced.
“Of course it does!” Endang replied without looking at him.
She slapped his hand when she saw that he was about to pick up a piece of fried mashed potato patty from one of her serving tray. “Keep your hands off my food!” She warned him.
“Don’t be so stingy.” He complained.
She turned around and picked up a plate from the kitchen counter, “Here, I saved some for you, see? Why don’t you sit down over at that side and eat? When you’ve finished go upstairs and shower. I’ve already laid out the clothes for you to wear!”
He looked at her with surprise, “Amazing, you act and sound exact like my mother!”
“What’s so strange about that? We were raised by the same parents.”
“Oh, right…..” He nodded in agreement.
“So do you go running every weekend?” She asked while moving around the kitchen finishing her chores.
“Yes I do, I try to maintain an active lifestyle, but today I had to double my route. These past few days since you’ve been living here, I’ve been eating so much, I don’t want my waistline to expand.”
“My goodness, aren’t you a vain one.” She commented, “But I suppose at your age, it gets harder to maintain your weight in check.”
“Don’t worry, you’ll reach my age one day, and let’s see if you can act as cocky.”  He sat down and took a bite.
She stopped her activity and said, “Say, I need your permission for something.”
“What is it?” He asked, uninterested.
“Would it be okay for….for Mas Widodo to come and visit me here? When you’re at home of course.” Seeing his frozen expression she doubted for a while, but continued anyway, “When I was living in the boarding house, he usually comes and visits me every Saturday night.”
Guntoro was silent for a while, “I suppose…..if you’re going to see him, it is better here under my supervision. I have conditions though…”
“What condition?” She asked.
“He can only come on Sunday afternoons between two to four.”
“What is this, prison visiting hours?”
“Take it or leave it!”
“I will tell him that he can come tomorrow between two and four.” She exclaimed while texting, too happy to notice him clutching his fist tightly.
Riski clicked her tongue when she saw the house, “How can your nephew afford to buy such a house on an honorary lecturer’s salary?” She asked.
“He wiles people into buying a bunch of paper filled with his nonsense.” She replied casually.
“You lost me.”
“He has another job. Come on, let’s go up to my room.” She pulled her best friends hands.
“Make sure that you do your job properly later when the guests arrive. You have to cross check the gifts they bring me with this list. Whoever doesn’t bring me the right tribute, gets blacklisted and can’t speak with or sit anywhere near my nephew.”
“I get it.”
“So you need to do it fast! Remember it’s the green marker for yes and the pink for no.”
“I got it, green for yes, pink for no. Just don’t forget my cut of the prize.”
“Of course.” Endang smiled brightly.
“Hey so, I need to tell you that after what you told me about your nephew’s ex-wife, I’ve decided to move on from my unrequited love for him.”
“Really? Unrequited love? You actually love him?” Endang looked straight at her.
“Well, unrequited crush.”
“That’s more like it,” Endang replied with a smile.
“And there’s another reason why I decided to give up on him.” She paused and smile, “It was because Syaiful, my second in the line crush, confessed to me.”
Endang threw opened her arms and hugged her best friend tightly. The two girls cheered happily, hugging each other and while jumping up and down.
“How did that happen? Tell me all about it.” Endang pulled Riski down to sit on the bed.
“It just did. You know how he is, all awkward and stiff. But yesterday he came to visit me at the boarding house, he was twitching nervously all the time, I was annoyed that I yelled at him to stop shaking his legs. Then suddenly out of nowhere he confessed.” Riski recalled.
“And you must be so happy…”
“I am, now you’re not the only one with a boyfriend.” She paused, “Speaking of boyfriends, how is your relationship with Mas Widodo, now that you’re living here?”
“Well, I definitely don’t get to see him much anymore, but I’ve been busy between school, studying and taking care of this house, I barely have time to miss him. My nephew is bossy and a slave driver, in the mornings I have to prepare his breakfast and make his coffee, then prepare his clothes for the day, luckily he eats out for lunch. But at night I have to cook his dinner and he likes to drink tea before he goes to bed.”
“Ah, so you’re practically taking the role of a wife?”
“What? Heavens, no! How can I be his wife? I’m his aunt!” Endang lets out a nervous laugh.
“You’re acting strange! Hmm….confess! What aren’t you telling me? You’re an untrustworthy friend, we’ve lived in the same room for more than a year, and you never told me that Pak Guntoro was your nephew. You know I can sense that there’s something else you’re hiding from me!” Riski interrogated her.
“How would you feel if you were in my shoes? Having a nephew who’s fifteen years older, it’s embarrassing!”
“Well, yeah….that part is true. But still as your best friend, you should have trusted me with that secret……Now what is it that you’re still not telling me?”
“Noth…” Endang stopped when she heard the buzz of the doorbell. She never felt as happy as now to hear it. “Saved by the bell.” She thought.
The group of girls arrived looking beautiful and smelling like the cosmetic aisle of a department store.  As the hostess, Endang greeted them with false friendliness and floating kisses on the cheeks. Using her right hand to receive the packages and handing it over to Riski. As they planned, Riski quickly brought it upstairs to check the goods, while Endang stayed to entertain them. She kept looking to the landing of the second floor to see if Riski had finished sorting the gifts, finally Riski came out and quickly flashed the sheet of paper towards her. It was all green. Endang circled her right index finger and thumb and winked, as a sign of okay.
“Ladies, how rude of me, please sit down, while I get the owner of the house.” She smiled politely.
Endang quickly ran up to the second floor while Riski dashed down to help serve the drinks. Endang knocked on Guntoro’s door. He opened from the inside, he had changed into the clothes she prepared and smelled subtly of cologne.
“The guest is here, why don’t you go downstairs and greet them.” She said.
“Okay, be patient.” He said while stepping out of his room and closing the door behind him. “I don’t know how you talked me into this.” He sighed.
They both came downstairs, “Dik Gun, let me introduce you to my closest friends. This is Anies from my faculty, this is Diana and Maya from Medicine, and this is Nita from Mathematics and Shirley from Finance.”
Guntoro shook their hands respectively.
“I’m Shirley from Mathematics and this is Nita from Finance.” One girl said correcting Endang as she got the names and faculty wrong.
“Bu Lik, what kind of a person are you forgetting the names of your ‘closest friends’?” He looked at her suspiciously.
“Oh, don’t be silly, I did it on purpose, isn’t that right girls!” She smiled intimidatingly.
They nodded and smiled, “Yes Endang likes to joke around all the time.” Anies replied.
Endang quietly snuck away and walked to Riski who was standing in front of the dining room, “Behold, the wooing ritual of fine fowls. Observe how the peahens flutter their feathers and strive to attract the attention of the peacock.” She joked.
They through a high five at each other before they entered the dining room to set the table.
“It’s strange that today was your house warming party, but I was the one who had to entertain your closest friends, while you were hardly around,” Guntoro said as Endang cleaned the house after the guests had left.
“Well, it’s because they are my closest friend, that’s why we can talk any other time while they hardly get a chance to talk to you. Maybe that’s why.” She responded flatly.
“I don’t know, something doesn’t feel right to me.” He walked closer to her.
“Oh? Could it be that you ate too many mashed potato patties? Let me go to the kitchen and fix you some ginger tea.” She turned to run into the kitchen.
He quickly moved sideways to block her way, Endang stepped backward to distance herself from him. But he moved forward getting closer and closer to her.
“You have that look on you.” He said again.
“What look?
“The look that you always have when you do something mischievous.”
She continued to move backward until her back hit the wall, “I have no idea what you’re talking about.” She answered while trying to move sideways to get away from him.
Guntoro quickly blocked her with both arms so she couldn’t escape to either side. She felt her face becoming very hot as she felt his warm breath on her face. She trembled uncontrollably and felt that her knees became weak. Her heart beat became faster and faster.  She leaned all her weight against the wall to avoid falling limp to the floor.
Guntoro’s face also reddened, he quickly dropped his arm and stepped back. He walked slowly to the couch and dropped his body on it. “I think ginger tea would be a good idea.” His voice barely a whisper.
“Yeah, I’ll go and make some.” She tried to walk but couldn’t seem to move her leg. Her shaky hands reached out for the table and she forced herself to walk to the kitchen, using the furniture to support her body.
She threw herself to a chair and tried to calm herself. From the time she could remember, she had many close contacts with him, but this is the first time she ever felt this way.
Endang stayed in her room the whole day, she wanted to avoid coming close with Guntoro, and luckily he seemed to feel the same way. She only went out and downstairs to prepare his breakfast and lunch, leaving it served on the table before quickly entering her bedroom again. Every time she remembered what happened last night, her heart would beat out of control, and she would blush.
The door bell rung across the quiet house, she checked her wrist watch, it was two o’clock. She straightened her clothes and combed her hair. She quickly went downstairs to open the door for Widodo.
“Mas Wid, was it difficult to find the house?” She asked while welcoming him in.
“No, it was quite easy.” He replied.
“Why don’t you take a seat?”
She ran upstairs to inform Guntoro that her guest had arrived. Trying to calm her beating heart, she knocked at his bedroom door. She could hear him telling her to open it, she turned the knob and opened the door. He was sitting at his desk observing a piece of wood formed like a square, he was only clad in his sarong and a t-shirt.
“Mas Gun, Mas Widodo is here to visit me, do you mind coming downstairs so he can greet you.” She said softly.
“Sure, I was meaning to go downstairs, I have something to do in the garden.” He replied. He stood up holding his piece of wood, grabbed his strong with both hands and quickly fixed the knot around his waist then walked to the door.
“You’re not going out in that, are you?” She snapped.
“Why can’t I? I’m in my house, and this is how I feel most.” He replied with a smile. “And is he such a grand and important guest that I have to dress up in a suit and tie to comfortable welcome him into my house?
“I’m not asking you to dress up, but at least you shouldn’t go out looking like a hobo!” She shrieked, “Get back here and change, right now!” She tried to hold him back, but she was too late, he was already at the top of the stairs.
She quickly ran behind him and stretched out her arm to grab him.
Widodo looked up to the top of the stairs case, seeing the owner of the house appearing, he stood up and put on a smile to greet him.
Guntoro extended his hand and touched the railing when unexpectedly his body was pulled backward, he tried to keep his balance but couldn’t stop himself from falling back. He quickly pivoted his body hoping to stop himself from falling. Reflexively he grabbed the closest thing to him.
Widodo’s smile turned into a frown seeing Endang fall backward and Guntoro tumble and almost landed on top of her.



Chapter Seven

“Are you alright?” Guntoro asked in alarm as he heaved himself up. “Are you hurt anywhere?”
He reached out to help her get up seeing her grimacing in pain he asked again, “Where did you hit yourself?”
“On my ‘none of your business’.” She answered hoarsely while rubbing her buttock then limped down the stairs.
“Oh well, from that response, I can guess you’re just fine,” Guntoro said. “That’s what you get for being an overbearing control freak.”
“Oh, do be quiet.” She sassed. Now arriving at the first floor, she headed directly to the couch and sat down a little bit to the side so she can continue rubbing her behind.
“nDang, are you alright?” Widodo asked gently, “Do you need anything? Maybe we need to put some ointment on your injury.”
“You are not going to put anything on her ‘none of YOUR business’! Do you understand?” Guntoro articulated.
Widodo shrank in his seat, feeling awkward with the situation.
Guntoro opened a draws on of the cupboards in the living room. He took out a medicine bottle and handed some pills to Endang. He then walked into the kitchen to get her some water. “You should be alright.” He said again, “Tell me immediately if the pain increases. The two of you can sit here and talk, I have some other things to do around the house.” He said while walking away.
He passed in front of them one more time holding the piece of wood in his hand.
After making sure that Guntoro was out of sight, Widodo sweetly asked Endang, “nDang, are you sure you’re alright?”
She smiled, ‘Yes, I am just a little ache.”
“Be careful with those falls on your behind, I read somewhere that it can affect your nervous system.”
“That’s comforting, thank you.” She replied cynically.
“You know, we haven’t had a chance to see each other very much late……” As Widodo was speaking, suddenly from the outside there was a high pitch sound of drilling overcoming Widodo’s voice.
Widodo patiently waited until the drilling sound stopped before continuing, “I missed you a lot….” The drilling started again.
At the first chance she got, Endang quickly said, “I know, it’s that I’ve…” The drilling started again.
Once it stopped, Endang signal Widodo to wait before saying anything, only to have the drilling begin again and again.
Annoyed, she stood up and limped towards the front door peeping out towards the terrace where Guntoro is immersed in his activity. He was drilling holes in the piece of wood he had been carrying around.
She approached him, and tapped his back, “What are you doing?” She asked.
He turned around not surprised at all to see her there, “Oh this? This is my little project. You see I found a cricket this morning when I was running, so I decided to pick it up and keep it as a pet, that’s why I’m making a little wooden box for its home.” He paused for a while, “Don’t mind me, you two go ahead and chat.”
"Well, the thing is, we can’t really hear anything with the sound of the drill and all.”
“Ah, well then, maybe it’s a good idea to wait a while. Look! I still have twenty-five more holes to make.”
She smiled to hide her annoyance, “Fine!”
She went back to the living room, “It looks like he’s a little busy with something, it may take some time.”
“nDang, you know, maybe today is not a good time.” Widodo hesitated, “I think I should go home now. Besides, you just hurt yourself, maybe it’s a good idea if you get some rest.”
"Mas Wid, I’m sorry.”
“No, it’s okay. We’ll text each other.” He said while standing up.
Endang accompanied him to the door. “Pak Guntoro,” Widodo called out, “I’m going home now.”
“Oh? But you just got here! Why are you in a hurry to go home?” He asked acting innocent.
“It’s getting late, I have to study for tomorrow,” Widodo replied being cordial.
“Ah, that’s good. Do you he that, Bu Lik? You have to take him as an example. He’s very diligent and studies hard.”
“Of course.” Endang smiled.
Widodo shook his hand then let himself out of the gate.
Endang’s smile melted away as soon as he disappeared. “You did that on purpose, didn’t you?” She accused.
“Me? Why in the world would I do something like that?”
“Because you’re jealous, you’re jealous that I have someone and you don’t! I don’t understand why you have to ruin it for me. I thought we were supposed to be a family. But you’re acting worst than an enemy!”She rebuked him.
“But I’ve supported you all along! Yesterday when your friends were here, I acted like a proper host and entertained them. You wantedDid you want your boyfriend to visit, I permitted him to visit you here! How could you say that I’m acting like your enemy?”
“You permitted him to visit me, alright. But you made it impossible for us to even speak to each other. And look at you! When have you ever dressed up like this? You’re intentionally showing your disrespect!” She grinned as the pain in her behind began to attack again, “I’m going inside to rest.” She turned around and entered the house.
Guntoro observed her back, he took a deep breath. He had to admit that she was right, feeling guilty seeing her in pain, he then followed her inside the house, “Hey! Are you alright? Does it hurt a lot?”
“I’ll be alright!” She replied.
“Do you need to see a doctor?”
She shook her head.
"Let me help you to your room then.” He offered.
She wanted to reject, but then decided not to, “Okay, thanks.”
He helped her up the stairway until the front of her room, then handed her a small pot, “I’m sure you can manage to rub this ointment on yourself, can’t you?”
She nodded and entered her room, closing the door behind her.
"What's wrong with you?" Syaiful asked while popping up behind Riski, "You're walking like a grandma. "
"I fell on my rear yesterday," Endang replied. "It's annoyingly aching, but at least it bought me a free ride to campus. And I was saved from cooking in the afternoon."
"How nice it must be to have a well-off relative who you can count on." Riski commented.
"Yeah, it must be nice. Then again I wouldn't know how that feels, my relative is not that good of a person."
"What is it now?" Riski rolled her eyes.
"He totally ruined my date with Mas Wid.” Endang began to tell her friends what had happened yesterday.
“Oh well, that’s normal,” Syaiful commented, “Even though he’s your nephew, but he’s still older than you. He probably sees you as his little sister that's why he is jealous and protective. I know I’m like that with mine. Whoever wants to date her, has to get my approval.”
“Brotherly love, huh?” Endang couldn’t understand why the thought of that slightly disappointed her. She quickly shook the thought off, “Hey look what I brought.” She took out a box from her bag, “Imported Swiss chocolate, courtesy of my dear friend whoever her name was who goes to Medicine.”
“So this was you so call tribute?” Syaiful asked, “You should have asked for something better, a new cell phone, or a 90 inch TV.”
“Hey, I’m not a madam, okay?” Endang firmly replied. “It’s one thing to play around like this at my nephew’s expense, it’s another thing to actually sell him for money or expensive goods.”
“Okay, you guys, we should dig in before the chocolate melts….” Riski mediated.
“Guys, did you hear what happened?” Benny ran up to the trio as they were waiting for the next class while sitting in the garden and announced with excitement.
“Benny, breath first, otherwise you’ll get a heart attack.” Syaiful replied.
“Everybody’s talking about it. Mas Toni from the third year, he got suspended.”
“The good-looking guy who was part of the student orientation team, when we just entered?” Endang asked with surprise.
“Yeah, that one.” Benny made a long pause to provoke curiosity from the others, “They suspended him, because they found out that last week he got caught by the community alone late at night with his girlfriend in her house when her parents were away.”
“Oh wow, he looked like somebody with high moral standards. How could he do such a thing?” Riski asked.
“Well, according to his friends, it had just turned 9 PM, and he was getting ready to leave. But the neighborhood security patrol didn’t believe him, so he got detained at the local police station overnight.”
“But still, to be alone in a house with a girl, I mean, who can vouch that nothing happened between them, you know? I can’t imagine what impact this will have on her reputation. I mean if she and her family don’t move to another city where nobody knows them, it’s going to be hard for her to marry any other guy either than Mas Toni.” Syaiful said.
“But why do they have to suspend him?” Endang asked.
“To maintain the University’s reputation I suppose.” Riski replied.
“But that’s not the saddest part.” Benny continued, “The girl also goes to this university. She studies finance. I heard talk that she had to resign from studying here because she couldn’t handle the stress of people gossiping about her.”
Endang was lethargic that afternoon walking home from the library, she regretted that she waited until the last minute to do her paper that was due tomorrow. She promised to herself that she would stop procrastinating doing homework till Sunday. She was surprised after entering the gate to see the front door of the house opened. This wasn’t usual, Guntoro is always picky about closing the door, because he’s a person who tends to be fussy about his privacy.
She poked her head through the doorway to see if there was anything strange in the house, any unexpected visitors or intruders, but there was only Guntoro sitting in the living room, reading a manuscript with a box of chocolate opened in front of him.
“A box of chocolate?” Endang wondered to herself. “Aren’t those mine?” She snarled.
“Ah, why are you peeping through the door? Are you planning to steal something from this house/” Guntoro asked without lifting his face from the manuscript.
“Not stealing something, observing a thief.” She replied, “Where did you get that box of chocolate?”
“Oh, this? This very delicious have you tried it before? I found this in your room!” He picked up a piece and unwrapped it, “Mint filled chocolate, exquisite…this is the last piece” He popped half in his mouth and the other half still outside.
“Give that to me….....” She screeched, running towards him then pounced on him.
He laughed out loud pushing the whole piece of chocolate in. Endang grabbed his jaw trying to pry open his mouth. “You cheat!” She said, then she used her finger to tickle his waist. He squirmed around attempting to pull away her finger. Finally, he managed to hold her wrists in each hand.
“I’m not cheating, let’s consider this my “commission” for letting you use me to get treats from your lady friends.” He laughed.
She pouted at him, “It’s not like I don’t give you “Commission” I serve you some with your morning coffee and afternoon tea!”
He moved his right hand towards his left to hold her two wrist in his other hand, then moved his hand behind his back and pulled out another piece of chocolate, “I know, I just wanted to teach you a lesson.” He said while waving the chocolate in front of her face.
He opened the wrap with his free hand then brought it close to her mouth, “Here, eat it.” He said.
She pouted and stubbornly shook her head, pulled her wrist from his grip and turned her body away, he laughed again and pulled on her wrists that was still in his hand, causing her to fall on his lap
“Here be a good girl and eat this piece of chocolate,” He teased again.
She glanced at him through the corner of her eye, opened her mouth and chomped at the piece he held in front of her, finger and all.
“Ouch, you little demon, you bit my finger!” He exclaimed, shaking his finger, now it was her turn to laugh.
“You know, if you wanted to eat these imported luxury snacks, you could’ve told me, I would have gladly bought them for you. You didn’t have to peddle me to those girls.”
“Thanks for your offer, but where’s the fun in that?” She replied cheekily.
“Are you so eager to see me find a girlfriend?” He asked.
She rubbed her chin imitating an old person, “My child, you’ve been all alone for a while now. This auntie thinks that you should forget about your ex and move on.”
He circled one arm around her waist and used the other hand to pull her ear towards his mouth, he whispered, “Wise old auntie, please stay out of my personal business!”
Unexpectedly there was a knock on the open door followed by someone saying, “Excuse me…”
Both Endang and Guntoro turned to the door at the same time. Widodo was standing there looking at them in disbelief. His eyes filled with hurt and feelings of betrayal.
“Mas Wid,” Endang said while quickly getting off of Guntoro’s lap.
“Endang, what….how….Endang how could you do something like this?” He finally managed to say.
“Mas Wid, it’s not what you’re thinking, I can explain.” She quickly walked to him.
Guntoro stayed in his seat not attempting to intervene.
Widodo’s eyes became red and moist, he clutched his fist, “You know, when you told me that you were moving to live with your nephew, I was so worried, but when you told me that he was married, I felt a little bit relieved. But you didn’t tell me the whole truth, did you? You didn’t mention that he was already divorced and that it’s only the two of you who’s living here.”
“Mas Wid, I’m sorry, I didn’t want you to worry that’s all,” Endang whispered.
“Not only did you lie to me, but now I caught you sitting on his lap, and God knows what the two of you were doing. What is it, do you have some kind of twisted incestuous relationship?”
She shook her head, “His grandparents took me in since I was a baby and raised me as their own. We are actually distant relatives.”
Widodo laughed sarcastically, “So you being his aunt was a lie too?”
“It’s not a lie, we were raised that way.”
“Endang, it’s over between us. Don’t call me or look for me anymore.” Widodo said.
“But Mas Wid…” She protested in between her tears.
“You’re not closely blood related, and you live in the same house, just the two of you. I’d be a fool to continue this relationship with you. Just how stupid do you think I am?” He stepped backwards, and just before turning around, he looked at her with hatred and continued, “Endang, you made a fool out of me, and played with my feelings, don’t think it’s going to end here. The two of you will pay dearly for this.”
“Mas Wid….” Endang called out, she dropped to the floor and wept uncontrollably.


Chapter Eight

“Here drink this water it would help calm you down.” Guntoro said while handing her a glass of water.
Endang couldn’t stop herself from sobbing, but she only had herself to blame, if only she had been honest to Widodo, if only she had maintained physical distance from Guntoro, if only………
Guntoro squatted in front of her, putting her hand into his, “If he loved you that much, he should have come and confronted me. Don’t you think? If a man really loves a woman, he would do anything necessary to get rid of the competition, and not give up and run away like that. Instead of winning you over, he let you go.”
“I don’t know, maybe I should have told him from the start about us. And also I should have been more considerate and careful, I mean today is Sunday, the day that he comes and visit me. With the front door open and the two of us…..” She stopped and looked at him, “Why was the front door opened?”
“That? Well, it was because I was feeling a little bit hot, that’s all. I thought maybe a little breeze would inspire me.” He replied.
“I feel very bad. I can’t help thinking that this is all my fault. I can’t believe that it’s all over between us because of my stupidity.” She hid her face in the palms of her hands and sobbed.
“Stop blaming yourself.” He got up then sat beside her, pulling her into a hug to console her. “There, there, now. If you want to cry, then just cry. But tomorrow you have to forget all about him and move on.”
She leaned her head against his shoulder, “If you were in his shoes, what would you do?”
“What? if I was skinny, with thick glasses, and had a head like a tree branch?” Guntoro joked.
“No…stop being so evil. You know what I mean.”
“I don’t have to pretend to be in his shoes, I can tell you exactly what I did when some guy was interested in the woman I love. I used my wits and cunningness to separate them.”
“Is that why you had a divorce with Dini? Because of another guy?”
“Dini? That was another story all together.” He took her hand and brought it to his face, holding it against his cheek, “Do you want to eat something to lift your spirit up?”
She shook her head, “I’m really not hungry. Could you play the guitar for me?”
“I could do anything for you!” He smiled, “You wait here while I bring down my guitar.”
Guntoro sat across her, Endang sat back and closed her eyes enjoying to the tune that filled the quiet house. As always the sound of his fingers strumming on the strings always has a soothing effect on her. She opened her eyes and looked at him, he is truly a beauty, if men could be called beautiful. Luckily he takes after his father, in avertedly the notion popped up in her mind. She quickly discarded the thought. “mBak Yuni, forgive me.” She said to herself.
That night she found it hard to sleep, tossing and turning in her bed. She sat up putting her head between her knees. Crying softly lamenting herself.
The door opened without a knock. “Are you okay?” Guntoro asked while entering.
She shook her head. “Did I wake you up?”
He smiled slightly, “Don’t worry about it. Move over!” He sat on the bed beside her. Then reclined on the mattress. “Come here!”
She doubted for a while, but then moved closer to him and placed her head on his shoulder. “Is it alright? For us to do this?”
“Why not, if it’s just lying in bed together, we’re married aren’t we? We’re just like an old married couple, caring for each other, but absolutely no action.” He said while hugging her tightly.
“Stop fooling around!” She sulked.
“Alright, close your eyes and go to sleep now.”
“Help……….attack of the gold fish monster!” Syaiful teased when he saw Endang the next morning. Both her eyes were swollen from crying.
“What happened to you?” Riski asked.
Endang held back her tears and shook her head. “Mas Wid broke up with me….” She spilled out.
“What, why?” Riski didn’t expect the news.
“He came to my house yesterday and saw me, playing around with Dik Gun, then he got jealous and told me it was over.”
“Oh. You poor thing.”
“So what happened, did he pick a fight with Pak Guntoro?” Syaiful asked her.
Endang shook her head, “No he told me that we were over and just left.”
“Just like that?” Riski’s voice was upset.
“nDang, you know, if I ever saw Riski fooling around with another guy, I would go up and punch him in the face. I wouldn’t just break it up with her, I’d ramble, get upset, ask for an explanation and make her swear not to do it again. If your boyfriend ended his relationship with you that easily, that means he thinks he can find your replacement in no time, and that he doesn’t need you.”
This comment made Endang cry louder. Riski glared at her boyfriend. “Go away!” She told him.
He shook his head and left, joining a group of young men who were walking towards the faculty building.
“I have a headache for crying so much.” Endang said.
“If you were just playing around with your nephew, why was he so upset to break up with you?” Riski asked not convinced.
“The truth is….My parents took me in when I was a baby, they’re not my biological parents.”
“Oh…., well that changes a lot of things.”
“What should I do? I don’t want my love life to end just like that.” She whispered.
“Endang, I don’t want to criticize you in this situation but you have so many hidden secrets, it’s just not funny anymore!”
“He’s my husband,” Endang confessed out of the blue while turning her head away.
“Who? Mas Wid?” Riski couldn’t grasp her context.
“No, Mas Gun. We’re married.”
Riski looked at her with eyes wide opened, “I have to sit down.” She said while stumbling backwards to a bench. “How did that happen?”
“I have no idea, one minute, I got a call telling me that my father was ill, and the next minute I was at the marriage registration office.” Endang shook her head. “This is very confusing for me too.”
“So if you’re married, why are you still dating Mas Wid, is your husband okay with that?”
“Ris, he was thrown into this just like me. I’m sure he already has someone he likes, or even if he still doesn’t it’s not like I’m his type. He gave me permission to see Mas Wid. Even though he and I are married, but there’s really nothing between us, the marriage is just on paper.” Endang explained
“nDang, even though your marriage is not a real one, but I don’t think you should insist in seeing Mas Widodo or any other man. It’s not right, no matter how you look at it. Coming from a friend who loves you, I think you should resolve your situation with Pak Gun before anything else. You should really talk it over with him.”
“I suppose you’re right,” Endang said softly. “You will keep this between us, won’t you? Don’t even mention this to Syaiful.”
“Of course I will. nDang, I wish you all the best and hope you’ll find a solution soon.”
The doorbell rang twice. Endang wiped her hands on her apron and walked passed the living room to open the door.
It was Dean Eni Suntoyo, the dean of her faculty. She was a stout woman in her late forties, she was standing in front of the door accompanied by Pak Cahyo the vice dean.
“Are you mBak Endang Suryati?” Bu Eni asked.
“Y..yes, Mam, I am,.” Endang replied nervously.
“Is Pak Guntoro at home?” She asked again.
“Yes he is, please have a seat while I call him.” Endang welcomed her in, then quickly went upstairs to call Guntoro.
“Mas Gun,” She whispered after opening the door, “Dean Eni is here to see you.
“Dean Eni?” He repeated and stood up “Serve them something to drink I’ll go downstairs and talk to them.”
“Okay.”
Guntoro walked down the stairs and greeted the guests. “Bu Eni, Pak Cahyo, to what do I owe this visit?” He opened the conversation.
“Pak Guntoro, I’ll go straight to the point.” Bu Eni said, “We’ve received complaint from a student regarding your living arrangements with mBak Endang Suryati. We heard talk in campus that the two of you are aunt and nephew, but according to our source, this is not exactly the case.”
“Bu Eni, Endang was taken in as a daughter by my grandparents, she is a child of a distant relative who was orphaned. Respecting their noble action, I do have to address her as Bu Lik.” He explained.
“Pak Guntoro, the problem is, the two of you are living here alone. I mean….., should your grandparents live here with the both of you or if you were married, it wouldn’t be a problem, but since there is nobody else in the house, it is an inappropriate arrangement. Two adults of the opposite gender who are not closely related cannot live in the same house just by themselves. Our society doesn’t accept that kind of behavior. Even if the two of you were actually aunt and nephew, some people might still see it in a bad way.” Bu Eni paused, “Pak Gun as an academic staff member, you should give a good example of proper moral behavior, this type of cohabitation is unacceptable.”
Guntoro smiled patiently and took a deep breath, “Bu Eni, the truth is, Endang and I are already married, I will show you the documents to prove it.” He walked to the cupboard and took out his briefcase. “This is my marriage license booklet, I’m sure Endang has hers kept somewhere.”
He handed the booklet to her. Bu Eni opened it and nodded, she handed the booklet to Pak Cahyo, “Well, then I think a congratulation is in order. Pak Gun, why didn’t you mention this to anyone, otherwise we would have given you a wedding gift.”
“That’s right,” Bu Eni smiled.
Endang came in with a tray in her hands full of refreshments. Guntoro signaled her to sit next to him.
“Bu Eni, Pak Cahyo, the reason why we haven’t made public our marriage, is because Endang is still very young, and she’s a student in our faculty. I’m just trying to protect her from any gossips or ill intentions.”
“Ah, that make sense.” Pak Cahyo nodded.
“Yes, I haven’t considered that.” The dean added.
They chatted a little bit longer, before the guests excused themselves.
“Do you think it will be okay to tell them about our marriage?” Endang asked.
“Why not? There’s no rule saying that students have to be single and it’s better than being accused of adultery.”
“Yeah, imagine that……” She said.
“I’m going out for a while, I’ll be back before dinner,” Guntoro said while taking the keys to his car.
“Ah, okay.” She replied.
He entered the car and made a phone call “Mat, can you please text me the address. No, that won’t be necessary, I’ll take care of him myself.”
He drove towards the direction that was in his cellphone. He parked the car a few meters away then hopped off. He headed to the boarding house at the end of the street. He knocked the door and a young man opened it.
“I’m looking for Widodo.” He said firmly.
The young man went back inside, soon Widodo came out to the terrace.
“Oh, it’s you.” He said crudely.
Guntoro grabbed him by the collar and threw him against the wall. “If you have any balls, come and face me man to man.” He said.
Widodo pushed himself up and supported his frail body against the wall. “I’m not going to lower myself to fight a man who takes advantage of younger girls.” He replied defiantly.
“Is that so? So you think it’s honorable to ruin a woman’s reputation and future by going behind her back and complaining about her to the dean? Or did you think that by doing what you did, it would be me that will get hurt? I can find another job easily, but Endang? People will scorn her.”
“She deserves it, she’s a shameless lose woman.”
Guntoro lifted his arm and punched Widodo a few times, Widodo fell backward, blood dripping from his mouth and nose, “If you dare do anything to hurt my woman or disrespect her again, I’ll break every bone in your body, and I’m going to make sure that you can’t utter a word ever again. Do you understand? Do you understand?” He took Widodo’s index finger and bent it backwards there was a cracking sound, Widodo shrieked in pain and quickly nodded.
Guntoro pushed Widodo’s head sideways, “You better keep your promise.” He hissed, “You don’t know what I’m capable of doing, and you don’t want to find out,”
Guntoro walked away, Widodo looked at him clutching his injured finger, “Crazy bastard.” He mumbled.
Guntoro turned around and looked at him. Widodo quickly ran inside the house and closed the door locking it.
Guntoro entered the house and closed the door behind him then entered the kitchen. “Where did you go?” Endang asked.
“I had to talk to someone.” He replied. He washed his hands in the sink.
She handed him a tea towel, “About Dean Eni, do you think it was Mas Wid who complained to the dean about me?”
“Don’t think about it anymore.” He said, “Let’s eat.”
After dinner, they sat together in the living room. Endang was behind her text book and Guntoro typing away in his laptop. She sighed several times. After a while, he looked up from the screen and turned to look at her. He stood from his chair, placed the laptop on the coffee table and walked towards her. He grabbed her book and threw it on the table.
“Hey, I was studying!” She protested.
“I believe you.” He replied, “And the subject was so difficult that you sighed like a locomotive.”
“How can someone sigh like a locomotive?” She asked almost laughing.
“You know, huh…huh….huh…huh…” He imitated her.
She laughed at his imitation. “Did I really sound like that?”
“Worse! I was beginning to get annoyed.” He dropped himself beside her. “Are you still feeling sad about that guy?”
She shook her head, “I feel kind of stupid.”
“Why stupid? Besides all the other obvious things”
“I’m going to ignore that! I know that it was Mas Wid who complained about us to the dean. It made me realize what kind of a person he is. I’m afraid that he will start to spread rumors about me, and then the whole campus will talk about me.”
“Don’t worry about it. That won’t happen, trust me!” He put his arm around her and smiled. “I’m glad it ended between you and that guy!”
“Hmmm, why? Because you can have your Sundays back?”
“And also because of this” He pulled her closer and swooped in to kiss her lips. She froze with astonishment not expecting him to do this, but her heart began to beat like crazy. She closed her eyes and responded in kind.

Chapter Nine

Endang could feel her blood rush to her head, this was an overwhelming new experience for her. She had never been this close to a man before let alone pressing lips like this.
She was shocked when his tongue pried open her lips and began exploring her mouth. She had a moment of hesitation whether to push him away or allow him to continue. Her heart told her to choose the latter. His strong hands gently pulled her closer towards him, pressing her body against his. Endang’s senses began to drift away, caught in the current of his passion.
Guntoro moved backwards, releasing her from her trance, he put his forehead against hers, holding her nape with both hands. “You can’t imagine how long I’ve waited for this.” He whispered while caressing her cheeks with his thumb, “I want to go all the way with you and make you mine. But I understand that maybe this all too sudden for you. I’ll wait until you fall completely in love with me and are ready to give yourself to me wholly.”
“Mas Gun….” She whispered.
“Let’s take it slowly, one step at a time.” He said.
She nodded, “Yes, let’s take it one step at a time.”
“Good morning.” Guntoro said while closing the door to his bedroom. “How did you sleep last night?”
“Good morning. I slept well.” Endang replied, her face was flushed, leaning against her door.
He smiled, “I’m going to take a shower now.” He said while pointing at the bathroom door.
“Go ahead, I’ve just finished. I’ve prepared your towel for you.” She looked down at her toes.
He entered the bathroom and closed the door. Endang felt relieved, unconsciously she lifted her finger and touched her lips. Feeling embarrassed with herself she quickly entered his room to prepare his clothes.
Guntoro finished his coffee. He looked at her who was standing in front of the kitchen sink washing the rest of the dishes. He stood up and walked behind her, he tapped her shoulder to get her attention. He sneaked a peck on her cheek as she turned around.
“Let’s go out tonight, do you like to watch movies?”
“Who doesn’t?” She replied, “Are you asking me out for a date?”
“Eh-he, since we’ve agreed to take our relationship slowly, one step at a time, I think this will be a good idea.”
She nodded, “Okay.”
“What time does your last class ends?”
“Five.”
“Mine is at three thirty, so I’ll wait until you’ve finished.” He continued, “Let’s go, I’ll take you campus.”
“But doesn’t your class start later?”
“Yeah, but there’s nothing wrong with taking my almost wife to school.”
“Almost wife?” He often comes up with strange terms that make her laugh. “Isn’t an almost wife a fiancée?”
“In most cases, you see the normal relationship starts out with dating, then engagement and then marriage.” He looked at her, “Our relationship is not like that. You’re married to me, but not exactly my wife….yet.”
“Hmm….”She didn’t want to give him an answer knowing what he was insinuating. “Let’s go then.”
“Wait” He pulled her arm, “Don’t think I’m not going to ask more of what you’ve already given me.” He said while attacking her lips with his.
 “Endang, you look different lately.”Anies said sitting in front of her in class.
“What do you mean by that?
“You look……I don’t know, fresh, radiant, did you change your makeup?”
“No, and no….” Endang replied rebutting Anies’s attempt to butter her up.
“But I haven’t said anything yet.”
“Whatever it is, I know that it has something to do with my…my nephew, and the answer is no.”
Anies pouted. “I’ll buy you lunch.”
Endang shook her head. “Look, Bu Nunik is here. Class is starting.”
“What did Anies want?” Riski asked while they were walking outside the faculty building during their break between classes.
“I didn’t give her a chance to ask. She was brown nosing me by telling me how beautiful I look.” Endang recalled.
“But you do look different, a few weeks ago, you were walking around campus like a zombie crying over Mas Wid, but now, you’re so bright and shiny, is there something you’re not telling me?”
Endang smiled shyly, “Well, Mas Gun and I have been, should I call it “dating” for the past two weeks now.”
“Ah……” Riski nodded, “But what do you mean by dating, aren’t the two of you married already?”
“We’re getting to know each other again, as two adults this time. Not as you know, family.”
“So was this your idea or his?”
“It was his. But also I needed time to get over my previous relationship before fully entering another one.” She smiled and lowered her head, “Mas Gun is so wonderful. He is understanding and very patient with me.”
“He’s wonderful now, is he? So he’s no longer an arrogant, stuck up peacock with a boring voice?”Riski teased.
Endang just smiled, “I was a little bit mean wasn’t I?”
They joined up with a group of friends who were gathering around in a circle chatting, joking and laughing. Endang was easily immersed in their anecdotes and conversations. Syaiful as always was the life of any group he was in. Endang smiled happily looking in turns at him and Riski. She was happy for her best friend. Syaiful was a good guy, decent and well behaved. Riski couldn’t have chosen a better boyfriend.
Endang didn’t understand why the crowd suddenly fell quiet and all eyes were looking at something behind her. Endang turned around, Guntoro was standing behind her with his hands behind his back. She quickly stood up and approached him.
“Did something happen?” She asked.
“Does something have to happen for me to find my aunt in campus?” He answered her with a question.
She smiled shaking her head.
“Bu Lik, this is for you. There was a gathering for the academic staff and they gave us some snacks. I want you to eat it.” He handed a small paper box to her.
“I’ll see you later.” He said after Endang had received the box. He turned around and left. Endang stood there for a while, dreamily looking at his back as he walked away.
“You’re so lucky!” One of the girls in the group said as soon as she sat back with them, “Pak Gun is handsome and kind. You have to be prepared, I’m going to become your niece in law someday.”
“Keep dreaming!” Riski replied, smiling meaningfully at Endang.
 “Come in Mat.” Guntoro said while opening the door for Rahmat, his private assistant.
“Thank you Pak Gun.” Rahmat replied.
“How is your mother doing?” He asked.
“She’s fine. She sends you her regards.”
“I was beginning to think that you wouldn’t come back to Malang, how long were you gone?”
“Three months. I’m sorry about taking so long, my mother was very upset that my sister eloped with her boyfriend, she is just eighteen.”
“No, don’t worry about it. Did you finally find your sister and bring her home?”
“I found her, but I didn’t bring her home, she was already two months pregnant when she eloped. We had no other choice than give them our blessing.”
“Mat, sometimes it’s better to be humble and accept the decision of the people we love, and not force our opinion on them.”
“I didn’t know that you had a guest.” Endang walked in the living room bringing Guntoro’s afternoon tea.
“nDang, this is Rahmat, my personal assistant. Rahmat, this is Endang.” Guntoro presented.
“mBak Endang, I finally get the chance to meet you.” Rahmat smiled widely.
“Finally get the chance to meet me?” Endang wondered, she turned to Guntoro who was looking sharply at Rahmat.
“Uh…what I mean is……..What I mean is that I heard about you from Pak Gun, you know that he has an aunt who is fifteen years younger than him.” Rahmat explained nervously.
“Ah…I see.” Endang replied, “I’m sorry I can’t say the same. Mas, eh Dik Gun, never said anything about a private assistant.”
“Rahmat was gone for two months, he had some private issues to deal with.”
“Ah…..okay. I’ll go and fetch you some refreshments.” Endang said while entering to the kitchen.
“Pak Gun, I’m sorry.” Rahmat said, “I almost spilled out that…”
“It’s better if we don’t talk about it,” Guntoro said, “Ever!”
“Y…yes, sir.” Rahmat replied.
“Here, take a look at this document, it’s an investment proposal that some colleagues of mine sent me, they asked me to invest in this private college. I want you to investigate how it’s doing, academic and financial wise. Also look into their potential growth, if it’s viable if I invest or not.”
“Are you planning to withdraw your investment from this University that you’re currently teaching in?” He asked.
“Not any time soon. Besides my investment is made through my corporate entity, so it’s good because nobody knows that I’m one of the owners.” He handed Rahmat a manila envelope. “Here, send my manuscript to my agent for editing, I just finished it last week.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Ah, and also book two flights and a hotel room in Yogyakarta, I want to take Endang there for the weekend.”
“Just one room?” Rahmat smirked.
“Mind your own business!”
“Oh my lord, look at that!” Endang shrieked with excitement while looking out of the rented car as they drove through Malioboro[28]. This was a pleasant surprise for her, she never imagined that Guntoro would plan a trip for them and taking her on her first plane ride.
“Let’s check-in to the hotel first.” Guntoro said, he had a wide smile seeing how happy she was. “After that we’ll go to the Sultan’s Palace and the Prambanan temple, then we can have dinner in Malioboro tonight. Tomorrow we’ll go to Borobudhur.”
Endang awed at the hotel they were staying in, especially after entering their room. She had never imagined such luxury could exist. “Isn’t all this expensive?” She asked feeling bad for Guntoro, “Aren’t you throwing away your money?”
“Not if I’m spending it on you!” He replied.
“Thank you.” She said to him lacking anything else to say.
“Come on, let’s not waste any more time, there’s a lot of places for us to visit.”
The Prambanan Temple Complex was built around the 9th Century CE started by Rakai Pikatan of the Sanjaya Dynasty who were devotees of the Hindu God Siwa[29] A dynasty that at the time controlled the Ancient Mataram Kingdom in Java. The construction of this temple was not only as a religious act of faith, but also as a political movement, as the previous ruling dynasty which were the Syailendra’s were Mahayana Budhist this was the dynasty that commissioned the construction of the great Borobudhur Temple. This Prambanan Temple Complex is an eternal monument to demonstrate that shift of power between dynasties and between official state religions. The temple complex originally consisted of 240 temples, with the temples of Siwa as the epicenter.
Endang went crazy snapping photos at the reliefs on the stone walls of the temple. Taking selfies and wefies with Guntoro.
“That’s the epic story Ramayana.” Guntoro said.
“Yes, the story of Rama and Shinta. It’s a romantic love story, isn’t it?” Endang commented with high spirit
“I don’t really like how the story ends though,” Guntoro replied.
“But why? If it’s a happy ending?” She pondered.
“After Rama succeeded in getting Shinta back from Rahwana, he shunned her away because she might have been “touched” by Rahwana. In my opinion, if a man really loves his woman, he would accept her no matter what. At the end of the day she’s the woman that he loves and who loves him with all her heart.” Guntoro said while touching the carvings.
Endang looked at him with admiration, “I never saw it that way.” She said.
“Come on, let’s go there to that side, there’s another story carved on the stone walls, it’s called the Bagawata Purana it contains the story of Kresna[30], the other incarnation of Wisnu[31] besides Sri Rama.”
The Sultan’s Palace also amazed Endang, although it had passed its glory days as the center of power of the independent Sultanate, but the palace still serves as a monument of tradition, with the Royal Family and palace staff as primary keepers. In fact the royal wedding of the Sultan’s daughter a few years ago was a genuine spectacle, as not many modern day wedding follow to the t all the ceremonial procedures.
Endang walked through the exquisite Javanese architecture in all its splendor. The building complex itself was built with highly spiritual and mysticism philosophy layout. Every single building, gate, door, trees and elements in the palace complex represents symbolisms to attract all that is good and ward off all that is evil (to say the least).
“Are you tired?” Guntoro asked, once they’ve finished the tour of the Palace.
“A little bit, but I’m so happy, that I don’t really feel it.” Endang replied happily.
“It’s still 4 PM. Let’s go back to the hotel to shower and change, then we’ll go to Malioboro to eat and buy some souvenirs.”
“Okay.”
Endang never used a bathtub before, when she insisted to Guntoro that this might be her one and only chance to try it, he only laughed and filled it out with warm water for her. He poured the whole miniature bottle of liquid soap to fill the tub with bubbles so she can have even more fun in it.
Endang soaked in the tub until the water turned cold, she opened the drain to let the water out, and wrapped herself with the big white fluffy bathrobe, which she loved so much. “I have to save up my money to buy one of these,” she took a mental note.
When she opened the door and stepped out of the bathroom Guntoro was watching TV while sitting on the bed.
“Look, now it’s my turn to lay out your clothes for you.” He said.
Her jaw dropped seeing the cute pink dress that he had bought her. “Mas Gun, I…..”She couldn’t think of anything to say.
“I’m going to shower, so you can go ahead and try it on.” He said.
She put on the new dress and found that it fitted her perfectly. She walked to the big mirror in the room, feeling happy and pleased with the reflection that she saw.
She had just finished putting her makeup and combing her hair when Guntoro came out of the bathroom. She stood up to show him the dress. “What do you think?” She asked.
“Like I’ve died and gone to heaven, seeing an angel before me.” He replied.
“Mas Gun…”She blushed. “Unfortunately I only bought sneakers with me, because I never dreamed that you would get me such a beautiful present, so it’s going to have to do.”
“Or you can wear this instead.” He said while taking a box out from inside the closet. He opened the box and took out a pair of shoes to match the dress.
Endang was speechless. She took them out and put them on. “Thank you.” She said, “I can’t thank you enough!”
He just smiled.
He took her to a simple restaurant that served typical food of Yogyakarta. The dishes were a little sweet for her taste, but it was delicious none the less. After the dinner, they walked hand in hand through the streets of Malioboro. Stopping at one souvenir store after another. He encouraged her to buy something for her friends. She took the time to choose items that were quite pricey to bring to her “friends” that came to her house-warming party. Something that was worth more or less equivalent to their gifts to her. She didn’t want any of them to feel that they had any claim to Guntoro because of what she received from them.
Endang dropped the bags and the floor and threw herself on the bed. Her back ached from all the walking, but her spirit was high. She kicked off the high heel shoes and put on the hotel slippers.
“Are you tired?” Guntoro asked.
She nodded, “But it was worth it. Thank you, this was a great surprise.” She said.
He sat beside her and lifted her feet to his lap, then began gently massaging them. “I’m glad that you’re happy.” He said.
He put her feet down and moved closer to her. Pulling her to him and kissed her passionately. This time she didn’t hesitate to respond to him, she circled her arms around his neck and met his tongue with hers.
“Endang, will you be my wife?” He whispered.
She nodded without hesitation. He lifted her from the bed, pulled open the covers and laid her down again before placing himself over her. He kissed her lips again, before moving his attention to her neck, tasting her skin with his tongue and gently biting on her soft flesh. Endang sighed as an alien sensation ran through her body. Before she knew it she could feel his warm skin against hers.
He stopped and looked deeply into her eyes, ”Endang, do you know that it’s midnight now, do you know what date it is?” He asked.
Not knowing why he was asking the question she answered, “December the 14th.”
“Happy birthday, my love!” He whispered then kissed her again and claiming her as his, completely.


Chapter Ten

“Are you only eating that?” Guntoro asked with disbelief looking at Endang’s plate at the breakfast buffet table.
“Well, the waiters and waitresses are standing around the table with a frowning face, I kind of feel embarrassed,” Endang asked.
He smiled. “Why don’t you sit at the table first, and I’ll bring you the food. Go on!”
Endang took her plate and walked to a table by the window with a view of the swimming pool. Guntoro arrived a few minutes later with two plates full of fruits and deli meat. “Eat up!” He said, “I know you love to eat meat.”
She happily stabbed a sausage with her fork and took a bit bite. She nodded her head happily and raised her thumb. “This is good, thanks!”
Guntoro smiled and shook his head, “I don’t see any reason for you to be embarrassed to those people, it’s not like we’ll ever see them again.”
“Good point.”
“Besides, this trip is your birthday present, you should enjoy yourself.”
Endang turned serious, “Mas Gun, now that we’ve, you know…..um…..been together, what’s your plan?”
“I think it would be wiser if we keep things as they are, I mean in the University. Don’t get me wrong, I’m happy that you’re my wife, I want to shout it out to the world. But, I don’t want your studies to be distracted by your young and gossipy friends, who I’m sure will bug you with questions.” He looked at her, seeing that she nodded in agreement he continued, “At home, it goes without saying, we’ll move your clothes immediately.”
Endang blushed but nodded anyway.
“Ah, and since you’ve been promoted from house maid to wife, we should share the chores at home too.”
“Promoted, huh?”
“It was you, who said that being the cleaning lady was more in your comfort zone.”
“Ah…so was that the reason why you dumped all the house chores on me?”
“Well, you asked for it! If you asked me to consider you as my aunt, I would have only asked you to help me with the cooking, just like when my mother comes to visit.”
“That’s just mean!”
He laughed, “Okay, let’s stop spurring nonsense, eat up and then let’s go, we’ll go to Borobudur and then we have to catch our flight back to Malang!”
“You went to Yogya?” Riski asked with eyes full of wonder, “How come you didn’t tell me?”
“I didn’t know. Mas Gun planned the trip as a surprise birthday present for me.” She explained.
“It must be nice to have an older and working boyfriend.” Riski commented.
“We’ve actually, you know, have already became real husband and wife,” Endang said timidly.
“Ah…so the two of you have…”
“Shhht! don’t say it!” Endang jumped on her and closed her mouth with her hands.
Riski laughed, “I want to be the first to know when my niece or nephew is on the way.”
“Shht! Look, give this key ring to your boyfriend. Speaking of which, why haven’t I seen him all day?”
“He’s sick today. His with the flu. Yesterday we went to Batu together on his motorbike, and it rained on us. He was drenched.”
“Huh, and here I thought someone as thick skinned as him, will never fall ill.”
“Hey! Don’t talk bad about my poor boyfriend.” They both giggled as they walked into the faculty building.
“Hey guys, wait for us!” Endang shouted out to a group of friends who were walking a few meters in front of them. As Endang and Riski caught up, they continued with their jokes and fooling around

Several male students turned their heads as she walked through the faculty building’s hall way. Most of them have never seen such a woman. Her tight A line dress clinging to her tall and beautiful body like plastic wrap, she had on black high heel shoes that echoed against the walls with every graceful step she takes.
She stopped turning her head left to right not knowing where to go, she was about to approach and ask one of the students who were watching her with an opened mouth, when suddenly she stumbled forward as someone bumped into her from behind.
“I’m sorry.” Endang said realizing that she was at fault for walking backwards, as she was chatting with her friends, Endang’s eyes open widely recognizing who the woman in front of her was, “Dik Dini….”She gasped.
Dini was also surprised to see Endang in the building, “It’s you? Why are you here?” She asked.
“I study here! Why are you here?” Endang asked her in return.
“I’m here to see Mas Guntoro, since I met you, I need you to take me to him.” She replied briskly.
“nDang…” Riski whispered wondering who this woman was, and how come she knew Endang.
“Ris, you guys head to class first. I’m going to take this lady to see Pak Guntoro.” Endang said to her friends.
Her heart beat restlessly, making her mouth dry and her stomach turn. She wanted nothing more to do than lean against the wall and curl herself up, but she knew she had to face the situation in front of her. Endang felt her eyes were beginning to get warm, she held back her tears, not wanting to look weak in front of Dini.
She tried to walk as naturally as possible, but she realized that her steps were as stiff as a robot. To dissimulate her stiffness, she decided to quicken her pace walking towards the academic staff area. Dini moved quickly behind her, not affected by her tight dress and high heels.
“Wait here!” Endang said as she knocked the door to the office. She didn’t wait for a response, instead pushed the door slightly opened enough to fit her body in, then closing it again. There were three lecturer sitting at their respective desk, she saw Guntoro at his, concentrated at his computer screen. She nodded to the other lecturers before walking up to Guntoro and then tapping his shoulder.
He looked up, surprise to see her there looking pale and almost crying. “What’s wrong?” He asked.
She shook her head, “Nothing, there’s someone outside to see you.” She said.
“Who?”
She swallowed her saliva, “You should go and find out for yourself.”
He stood from his chair, “You don’t look so well, why don’t you sit down. I’m going out to see who it is.”
Endang felt her head becoming lighter as she nodded. As Guntoro took a step to walk to the door, Endang reflexively grabbed his shirt, causing him to stop and turn around, “Are you alright?” he asked again.
Her tears began falling down her cheek, but she nodded and signaled him to go ahead. She fell to the chair, sobbing in silent.
Guntoro walked to the door and opened it gently, he stepped out surprised to see the person who was waiting there for him, “Dini?” He said almost inaudibly.
Dini turned around, “Mas Gun, I came here because I needed a favor.” As always, she wasn’t much for small talk.
“This is not a good place to talk, wait here while I get my jacket, there’s a coffee shop around the corner. We can go there.” He replied.
He went back into the office and walked to his desk, “Endang, don’t cry, okay!” He whispered while wiping her face. “Why don’t you go to class, I’m going to the shop nearby to talk to Dini. Don’t start imagining weird things, I’ll see at later at home.”
He reached out to take his jacket and quickly left. Endang felt a sharp pain stabbing through her heart seeing him leave. Realizing that she was in the staff office, she stood up and quickly walked to her class, Riski had saved a spot for her.
“Who was that? She was drop dead gorgeous.” Riski asked.
“That was Dini, Mas Gun’s ex-wife,” Endang replied.
“Why is she here? What does she want?”
Endang shook her head, “I don’t know, they went out to the shop near here, to talk. Ris, I have a bad feeling.” Endang tried hard to hold back her tears.
“nDang, you shouldn’t be hasty and jump to conclusions, be patient and wait to hear what Pak Guntoro has to say about their conversation. In the meantime, you should calm down. Class is almost starting.” Riski said as the lecturer entered the class room.
Endang found it hard to concentrate on the subject. Her mind kept drifting away, she was fighting the urge to stand up and run to the shop where Guntoro and Dini were talking. But she knew that she had to save her own dignity.
“How have you been doing, Din?” Guntoro asked.
“Not so good. I have been having problems with Brian my husband, we have decided to separate for a while to sort out our feelings.”
“So why are you here? What do you need from me?”
“My parents are upset because my second marriage is not working out. They are afraid that I’m going to have another divorce because that would affect their reputation.” She paused and looked at him sharply, “We both know that the reason our marriage failed and ended in a divorce was not my fault.”
“Dini, haven’t I apologized enough for that?’ Guntoro exclaimed
“You’ve apologized a lot, but not enough.”
Guntoro took a deep breath, “What do you need from me?” He asked.
“I need a place to stay for a few days. At least until I sort out my feelings. I don’t want to stay at my parents’ house because they keep nagging me and it’s making me feel uncomfortable.”
“Isn’t there any hotels in the country that you can go to?”
“Don’t talk to me like that! I don’t want to go to a hotel because my father can trace my credit card transactions and he could try to find me.”
“It’s just that End…Bu Lik Endang lives in my house. And maybe she’ll feel uncomfortable with your presence there.”
“She lives with you?” Dini looked at him in astonishment. “And your grandparents allowed that?”
“It’s a long story,” Guntoro replied.
“Mas Gun, I don’t want to resort to this, but what do you think will happen if I tell that little girl the real reason for our divorce?”
“Dini! Are you going to use blackmail to force me to let you stay at my house?”
“If that’s what it takes.” She replied while lifting her shoulders.
“You haven’t changed a bit!” He said.
“Neither have you, you’re still hanging on to that obsession of yours.” She said with disgust.
“It’s not just an obsession, it never was, and it never will be.” He said firmly.
“Think about it carefully, either you let me stay in your house or I’ll start singing to that little girl. Let’s see if she’d see you the same way again if she heard about…”
“Enough!” He interrupted, “Fine, you can stay in my house, but just for a few days. And you better behave around Bu Lik Endang.”
Dini smiled, ‘”I knew you would agree with me. Give me your address. I left my luggage at a friend’s house.”
“Why didn’t you stay with your friend instead?” He asked.
Dini leaned forward and whispered in his ear, “Because you’re not there.”
 “She’s what?” Endang almost yelled at the top of her lungs.
“It’s just for a few days, until she can sort out her feelings. She’s having problems with her husband, so she needs to re-capacitate.” He explained.
“And she decided that her ex-husband’s house is the best place to do it?” Endang pursued.
“My love, are you jealous?” He asked her softly while reaching out for her hand
“What do you think you bone head?” Endang shook his hand away.
He pulled her into a hug, “nDang, please understand me this once. There’s nothing left between Dini and myself, we both have moved on from each other. Besides, I have you now, I don’t have any space left in my heart and mind for anybody else.”
Endang stayed quiet, not convinced. She knew that since he had already decided there’s not really anything much she can do about it, she can only accept his decision. Her heart was filled with an overwhelming doubt. She was well aware if she had to compete with Dini, she would lose miserably. If she was to compare herself to Dini, she would be like a weed and a rose. “But this weed can strangle the rose and even a peacock if they tried anything funny.” She said to herself.
“nDang, there’s one other thing.” Guntoro continued, “It’s better if Dini doesn’t know about our relationship.”
“What?” Endang looked at him suspiciously.
“It’s not because of what you’re thinking. It’s just that Dini isn’t a person that can be trusted, she’s calculating and scheming. I don’t want her to use that information against us.”
“Fine!” Endang stood up, “Have it your way!” She ran upstairs into her room and locked the door. She threw herself onto the bed and cried her heart out. This was just her luck. They had just began to grasp their love for each other then something like this happened.
Her heart was about to explode. The last time she was crying of a broken heart, Guntoro was by her side consoling her, but now it was him who’s causing her this pain. She wanted to hate him, but she couldn’t take him out of her mind. If she had to compare how she felt when she broke up with Widodo and how she feels at this moment, the previous seemed insignificant and the latter felt as if her world was about to fall apart.
She heard the doorbell ring, it made her hurt even more. She grabbed her pillow and clasped it around her head, she didn’t want to hear anything that was going on outside. She pressed her head against the other pillow that was there and screamed as hard as she could, muffling the sound in the pillow filling. The thought of going out of the house and go to Riski’s place crossed her mind, but considering it again, maybe living Guntoro and Dini alone in the house wasn’t such a smart decision.
“Bu Lik, open the door, don’t you want to eat dinner?” Guntoro knocked on the door.
“Get lost!” She shouted.
“This house is too small for me to get lost in.” He replied, trying to lighten the situation.
“I’m not hungry!”
“I won’t take no for an answer, if you don’t open this door, I will.” He insisted.
Endang ignored him and covered her head with the pillow again. She heard the door being unlocked and opened, “What are you doing?” She angrily shouted at him.
“I told I won’t take no for an answer.” He replied. He was carrying a tray of food with him. “Come here, you should eat, otherwise you might get sick.”
She shook her head stubbornly.
He closed the door behind him and sat on the bed beside her. “My love, don’t be obstinate.” He whispered in her ear while caressing her hair.
She looked at him for a while, “I’m too sad to eat, I’m so stressed out that I feel like I want to puke. And there’s nothing I want more to do than leave this house and never come back.”
“nDang, you can leave, but wherever you go, I’ll find you and bring you back, even if I have drag you or tie you up. Don’t dream that I’m ever going to let you go that easily. Don’t forget that!” He’s tone changed becoming serious.
“Why? Your beauty has come back to you.” Endang retorted
“She might be a beauty, but she’s not the one I want. What good would that do me?”
Endang took a deep breath and exhaled, “Speaking of beauty, where is she? How come you came into my room, didn’t you say that you didn’t want her to know about us?”
“What’s wrong with me bringing food to my sick aunt?” He said.
“Ah, so you’re cursing me to fall ill are you?” She responded.
“Stop it with the nit picking!” He shook her hair, “Go ahead and eat, if you need me I’ll be in my room.”
Endang woke up to a rustling noise outside her room, she heard the sound of a door opening and whispers. She got up and got down from her bed, she quickly opened her door to see what was going on. To her surprise Dini was walking out from Guntoro’s room, only in a shirt.







Chapter Eleven

Endang felt her blood rush to her head, causing her to become dizzy with anger, she opened her eyes as wide as she could, she pointed at Guntoro and yelled, “You! How could you do this to me? How could you be so mean and inconsiderate? I can’t believe this! How many times do I have to tell you to take off your shoes at the front door when you return from community night-watchman duty? Look at my floor! It’s all dirty! Do you know how hard it is for me to maintain the house clean all day?”
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry” Guntoro said with his hand holding his arm, “Don’t be upset, I promise I’ll clean the floor first thing tomorrow morning!”
“I didn’t know that it was Mas Gun. I heard the door opening softly from my room, and when I peeked out, in the dark I saw a man walking quietly up the stairs. What was I supposed to think? That’s why I followed him here to surprise attack him.” Dini explained.
“Dik Dini, what do you think you’re doing? If it was really an intruder who broke into the house, besides robbing us, don’t you think you’ll be nice little bonus for him if you walked around half naked like that? Besides, if you really wanted to surprise attack a robber, next time get a broom or a kitchen knife, not a small scissors like that!” Endang pointed to Dini’s hand.
“Don’t give her any ideas, if I didn’t have good reflexes and blocked her with my arms, she could have poked my eye out,” Guntoro said. “Luckily I only suffered a scratch.”
“For your information, I’m not half naked, I’m wearing shorts. It’s just that Brian’s shirt is a little too long for me, that’s all.” Dini Retorted
“Okay, let’s just go back to our rooms and call it a day,” Endang said while waving her hands up. “Oh and Dik Dini, if you’re going to stay here, you can’t go around dressed like that, you should at least wear sweatpants under your t-shirt, if you don’t have any, then buy some! If you’re here to think things through, then reflect on this, how would your husband feel if he saw you walking around in a skimpy get up at your ex-husband’s house? No matter if you’re wearing his clothes or not, no husband will be happy to know that his wife’s ex is free to ogle over her body.”
“Hey, let’s be clear, I’m not ogling over anything here!” Guntoro protested.
“Okay, everybody back to your rooms!” Endang said bossily. She stood still with her arms crossed in front of her chest to make sure that everybody complied. Guntoro entered his room and closed the door behind him.
“You act and sound just like Bu Yuni.” Dini said to Endang as she turned around and walked down the stairs.
“That’s because we were raised by the same parents!” Endang almost shouting.
After hearing the sound of the door closing downstairs, Endang waited a few more minutes before she entered her own room. She closed the door behind her and leaned against the door. Today was a long day for her. She took a deep breath and paced back and forwards, stretching her arms and rolling her head to ease the tension. She stopped when the door to her room opened and Guntoro already in his pajamas casually walked in.
“How’s your arm?” Endang asked him.
“It’s okay, it’s just a little scratch, and the bleeding has stopped already.” He answered.
“Ah, okay.”
“So are you feeling better now? Are you done with your tantrums and jealousy rages?” He asked coquettishly.
“I’m done with my tantrums. I’m still as jealous as hell. And you can’t even imagine how upset I am.” She replied. “Why are you here at this hour? Didn’t you say that it’s better if your ex doesn’t find out about our relationship?”
“She’s downstairs in her room, so she’s not going to see us together in here.” He replied while pulling her to him, “You know, it was raining and cold outside, my hands and face are freezing. If you don’t help me raise my body temperature back to normal again, I might get sick.”
“Should I go downstairs and make you some hot tea?”
“I have a better idea. You know, I think that jealousy of yours is very sexy…..” He whispered.
She laid her head down on his bare chest, stroking it with her finger.
“What are you dying to ask me about?” Guntoro asked. “I know you’re anxious about something.”
“I want to know about your relationship with Dik Dini, how it started, how it ended, why it ended, everything.”
He took a deep breath, “You’re not going to let me get any sleep until I tell you, aren’t you?”
“No!”
“You’re pretty pushy for a much younger wife. I heard people say that having a wife many years younger is good because they tend to be more sweet and submissive in acknowledgment to their husband’s wisdom and life experience.”
“Are you trying to change the topic?” Endang asked bluntly.
“Okay, I met Dini when I just graduated University and started my first job which was at her father’s factory. I worked there as one of the QC person. I first met her by chance when she went there to visit her father. Naturally she was attracted to my incredibly handsome looks. Ouch…. Should I continue?”
“Go ahead!”
“Anyway, we started dating, at first her father didn’t approve of it, but as he got to know me more, he began to like me, and so he began to teach me more about business and about investments. He brought me to various social gatherings, refined and groomed me to be able to fit into their social circle.”
“Thus the peacock was born.” Endang commented under her breath.
“What was that?” Guntoro not quite hearing her.
“No, please continue…”
“Anyway Dini and I dated each other for about a year and a half before we got married. You were there at the wedding weren’t you? “
“Yeah, I remember that day, you guys went all out on the ceremony, very luxurious. I was only twelve back then but I can still remember the food and decoration, amazing.” She smiled thinking back to that day, “Oh, by the way, I remember that Dik Dini had a good looking cousin that was about my age, Agus was it? He accompanied me all day that day, and we were pen pals for a while afterwards, what ever happened to him?”
“He’s studying in the States and you’re already married! So forget him!” Guntoro continued, “Moving on, when I was younger, and in love with Dini, I thought that our wedding would be the beginning of our happily ever after. But in reality it wasn’t that way. It turns out that having a gorgeous wife, a rich father in law, a luxurious wedding party and a honeymoon in Europe didn’t guarantee that our lives together would be happy, or even peaceful for that matter.”
“Why” What happened?”
“She was very jealous of me, she saw every woman around me as a competition and we would always fight because of it.”
“Hang on, just now you said that you thought my jealousy was sexy.”
“Yours is, but hers was a nightmare. You have all the reason in the world to feel jealous, and I’m sorry to make you go through it, but Dini was crazy, she was jealous of her own shadow. She would smell my clothes every time I came back from work, check my pockets, search the car for traces of any other women, that and much more. If Dini had been in the situation that you were in a few hours ago, she wouldn’t have acted as calmly and as gracefully as you did. She would have immediately accused me of bringing another woman into my room, even though she knew that I have night rounds every Monday night. It became suffocating for me, I was afraid to do anything because my wife might get suspicious, there was even a time when I became afraid to laugh because I thought that it might bring me bad luck.”
“And so how did the two of you end up divorcing each other?”
“There was a young woman who I became infatuated with.”
“You finally cheated on Dik Dini for real?” She looked up at him suspiciously.
“No!” He affirmed, “It was a deep emotion on my part. This woman never knew how I felt about her. Besides it would have been creepy for her if I tried to approach her back then.”
Endang’s voice became sad she sat up and leaned herself against the bedroom wall, “Mas, hearing you’re side of the story, it must have been hard on you going through those times, I remember you came back to hide away in our house for a few months. But I have to admit I am very disappointed in you, after knowing that you fell for another woman while you were still married to your ex-wife. Even though you claim that nothing ever happened between you and this woman, but it must have reached to such an extent to have caused you and Dini to divorce. Could it be that you’re just like my biological father who died in the arms of his lover, even though he had a wife and baby? Do you know how much I suffered because of that? I never even knew my father, but the elders in our rural community talks about him when they see me pass by, pointing their fingers at me, and judging me because of his actions. Not to mention that my own mother hates me because I remind her of him. I hope that woman gets punished by God for what she did to me and my family.”
“Endang, come here,” He pulled her hand, she didn’t resist and laid herself in his arms again, allowing him to hold her tightly, “Please don’t see me that way. I’m nothing like your biological father. Although, I can’t and won’t apologize for feeling the way I felt for her, falling in love isn’t something people do intentionally. But I can promise you, now that I’m with you, I’ll never disappoint you, and I’ll never have anybody else besides you.”
“At least I have the peace of mind knowing that we started to have feelings for each other many years after you and Dik Dini separated.” She paused and then continued, “So tell me more about this woman, what kind of a woman was she and what super powers did she have to be able to make you fall into an unrequited love before you even separated from your beautiful fairylike wife? Be honest with me!”
Guntoro smiled and said in a dreamy voice, “She’s straight forward, bossy, she could be tough at times, but she isn’t afraid to show her vulnerability. She’s always willing to listen to people and see things from their point of view, never jumping to conclusions or judging them, but if she wants to be unreasonable nobody can beat her at the game. She’s very mature even at a young age, loving, caring and also maternal. She’s a woman and also a child, and she’s incredibly cute and adorable that makes me just want to hug her.”
“You pig!” Endang squealed pulling the pillow from under his head and using it to hit him, “You’re lying in bed with me but you’re singing praises to another woman? Get out of here! Go back to your own room, don’t even dream that I’ll let you lay a finger on me again!”
Guntoro laughed, sat up and pushed her to the mattress and held her hands down, “You told me to be honest.”
Endang asked him in a serious tone, “Should I be worried that you’ll meet her again and leave me? Are you going to end up in her arms while I suffer alone?”
“That’s never going to happen.” He replied.
Endang was too tired and sleepy to go to her classes today, she decided to call in sick. Obviously Riski called her worried that something had happened to her. She told her best friend that she was alright, and that she would update her later on everything. She was distracting herself by drawing on the terrace when from the corner of her eyes, she caught a glimpse of Dini sitting by the fish pond hugging the t-shirt that she wore last night.
Endang put down her paper and charcoal and walked to the fish pond, “You obviously miss him very much. So what are you doing here?” She asked.
“Leave me alone little girl!” Dini sassed.
“Dik Dini, you can have it two ways, suffer in silence, or talk about and get the weight off your chest. I might not have a lot of experience in life, but I can at least listen.”
Dini just sat there in silence.
“Oh well, whatever works for you then!” Endang said deciding to leave her alone.
“He went on a business trip, and he didn’t bother to tell me that his ex was with the group.” Dini finally spoke.
Endang turned around, and sat on the grass a few meters away, she didn’t say anything she just looked at Dini.
“They were on the trip for two weeks, who knows what could have happened between them. If his secretary didn’t accidently spill out that information, I would have never known.”
“Is that why you decided to stay here? He traveled with his ex for two weeks, so you’re going to stay at your ex’s for two weeks to get even with him? Is that it?” Endang finally asked.
Dini shrugged her shoulder, “Among other reasons.” She replied, “I also don’t want to listen to my parents’ nagging. I know I’m not perfect, and I have my temper, but this time I really tried to change. I tried to be patient and understanding. I never treated him the way I treated Mas Gun when we were married. I tried not to nag him, or question his where about….I tried…I tried…..” Dini said not making any real sense.
“Dik Dini, what’s your story? Why do you find it difficult to trust your husband or should I say any man who happens to be your husband? What’s with the jealousy?”
“So Mas Gun told you about me, did he?” Dini glared at her.
“No, he didn’t. mBak Yuni did.” Endang lied.
“She hates me, you all hated me, that’s why you talk about me like that.”
“Dik Dini, you’ve got it all wrong! I remember when Dik Gun brought you home for the first time, mBak Yuni was so happy and so proud that her son found himself a high class, highly educated angel. She would talk and talk about you night and day nonstop, until I had to hide behind the chicken coop to escape from her because I had had enough. I could recite every single word she would say backwards and forwards. When I saw you for the first time, I thought that you were a bidadari, a fairy from the heavens, I’ve never seen a woman as beautiful as you, and I have never seen one ever since.”
“What’s your point?”
“My point is if you are able to move even a woman’s heart with your beauty, why don’t you trust yourself enough to feel confident that your husband will be madly in love with you?”
Dini looked down to her feet but didn’t say anything.
Endang thought for a while then continued, “I don’t know your new husband, but when you were with Dik Gun, we all could see that he was mad about you. He changed everything about him to be a man that will be suitable for you. He used to be a humble small town man, then he turned into a sophisticated high class gentleman so you wouldn’t be embarrassed to have him by your side. If that’s not love then what is it?” Endang glanced at her, “Can you think of anything that Brian did for you out of love?”
“Well, he tried to each spicy food, and he learnt to speak our language to be able to speak with my parents.” Dini said almost to herself then smiled remembering her husband.
“There you have it!” Endang smiled also, “Learning a new language just to please your in laws is a big act of love.”
Dini raised her head and turned to Endang, “What about you, little girl? Do you have a boyfriend?”
Endang shook her head, “I recently broke up with him.” She replied shortly.
“Did Mas Gun have anything to do with it?” Dini fished
“Why would he?”
“No, just wondering. And how do your parents feel about you living here?”
“The last time I talked with my father by phone he had no problem with it.”
“Ah…I see.” She nodded. “I remember when I broke up with Mas Gun. I fell into depression. I thought my world had ended. I didn’t want to live anymore. I can’t even remember how many times I wanted to end my life.”
“I’m sorry to hear that, I never knew you had gone through such a thing.”
“You should be sorry! You should be! It was all your fault, if it wasn’t because of you, we would still be together!”

Chapter Twelve

“Stop blaming her for our failure!” Guntoro suddenly appeared behind them. “She has nothing to do with what happened, leave her out of it.”
“She has nothing to do? Can you really say that so easily?” Dini insisted.
“What are you guys talking about?” Endang was beginning to get confused.
“Don’t mind her, apparently she hasn’t changed a bit,” Guntoro said. “Bu Lik, why don’t you go inside, I have to talk to Dini for a while.”
Endang hesitated but complied. She walked away, occasionally turning her head to look at them. She picked up her drawing pad and entered the house, feeling uneasy leaving the two alone together.
“Leave her alone!” Guntoro said as soon as Endang left.
“It was she who approached me first,” Dini replied coolly.
“It was a mistake for me to let you come here in the first place. If you try to mess with her again, I’ll drag you out and throw your clothes on the street!”
“You can’t be serious.” Dini shocked at his disposition.
“Do I look like I’m joking? Try me!” He walked towards the house, passing Endang who was sitting in the living room, and entered Dini’s room.
Endang was surprised to see him go in there, so she followed behind him, he grabbed Dini’s suitcase opened the closet and started throwing her clothes into the suitcase.
“What are you doing?” Endang asked.
“Cleaning up the house!” He replied without even looking at her.
Dini pushed Endang away from the door and ran inside. “Stop that!” She screamed, “Don’t touch my things. You ungrateful bastard! You wouldn’t be where you are today if it wasn’t for my father! He was the first person to trust your talent, he was the one who opened the opportunity for you to get your first book published!”
Guntoro looked at her “I can’t deny that, and I am eternally grateful to him.”
“And how did you repay him? You betrayed his daughter! You became a philandering, cheating womanizer!”
“That’s not true! I’m not that kind of person! I never cheated on you when were still together!” Guntoro shouted back
“You did, you did! You did! And you even had the balls to say to my face that you fell in love with someone else, don’t deny it!”
“For heaven’s sakes that’s all in the past, why are you bringing it up now? It’s all over, we’re over, and we’ve been over for almost five years already.”
Unexpectedly a loud clanging sound overcame their shouting, silencing them both. They turned their heads towards the direction of the sound to see Endang holding a frying pan and wooden spoon in her hand. “Enough!” She said. “If you keep shouting, the neighbors will hear you, it’s embarrassing! How would they think about your demeanor? Dik Gun, please get out of Dik Dini’s room, even though this is your house, it’s not right to barge in here and start throwing her clothes like that. And Dik Dini, maybe you should find another place to stay, your presence here is disrupting the peace.”
“I’m not going anywhere! Who are you to tell me what to do?” Dini glared at her.
Endang took a deep breath and shook her head without saying a word.
“You’re right,” Guntoro said softly to Endang, “I don’t know what got into me. I’m sorry. Let’s go, come with me upstairs.”
“I’m sorry you had to see that.” Guntoro said when they got to his room, he sat on the chair by his desk “It was a bad idea for me to let her stay here.”
“Yes it was. A very bad idea!” She said while stepping closer to him and embracing his head, “You’re shaking all over.”
“I’m just so upset. You know this was how it used to be every day when we were together. She has a way to bring out the worst in me.” He buried his head in her chest and put his arms around her. “Thank you!” He said.
“For what?”
“For existing, for being who you are, and for coming into my life.”
She kissed his head gently then said, “Mas Gun, is there something that you’re not telling me?”
“Ndang, what are you talking about?”
“Mas, why did she say that it was my fault that the two of you separated?”
“It’s not your fault, you had nothing to do with it.” He tried to convince her.
“Mas, you know, sooner or later I’m going to hear about what happened. Don’t you think it will be better that I hear it from you rather than anyone else?”
“Endang, I’ll tell you everything, but please don’t hate me, okay? If there’s anything I fear in this life is to lose you.”
“Mas Gun, why would I hate you?” Endang asked, “What did you do?”
Guntoro took a deep breath, “I think it’s better if I start from the beginning. Do you remember the time when I came back to Jember after I got married…….”
“Take off your clothes! Take them off! Prove to me that you didn’t do anything with that receptionist!” She screamed viciously while pulling at his shirt and pants. The buttons flew off as Dini yanked her hand that gripped the front side of his shirt.
Guntoro’s mind went blank, he lifted his arm to prevent her from doing anything else, Dini screamed loudly and fell down sprawled on the floor, as she sat up while crying, a pang of self-loathing covered his soul, “Dini, I’m sorry…..” He whispered not having enough strength to speak louder.
“How dare you push me?” She cried, “You’ll be sorry for treating me this way. I’m going to tell my father! You wretched husband, do you think just because you earn some money by selling your book, you can act big in front of me?”
“Dini, why are you like this? Why do you humiliate me all the time? Even though I come from a humble family and can’t match up to your father, but as a husband I don’t think I’ve failed you in anyway, I work hard to give you everything you need and want, I come home on time, I never go out with friends or party, I buy you flowers and gifts, what more do you want?” Guntoro couldn’t control his emotions and began to cry, he sat on the bed and covered his nose and mouth with both hands. “I can stand all your verbal abuse and jealous accusations, but if you want to scrutinize my body, that’s too much! How low are you going to degrade me?”
“You, you’re trying to stop me from inspecting you because your guilty, aren’t you? I called the factory, the security guard told me that there was only the two of you there.” She insisted.
“I didn’t even know that she was there, I was in my office, she could have been there for many different reasons, why do you have to assume that she was with me?”
“Oh? Then why was she there?”
“Everybody knows that the security guard is her father.”
“Ah….so you’re that interested in her to even know who her parents are. So you admit that you’re sneaking around with her.” Dini grabbed his shirt and shook it harshly, “Confess, be a real man and admit your actions.”
Guntoro shook his head, “I’ve had enough, no more, please no more. I can’t live like this anymore….” He stood up jerked her hand away and walked to the door.
“Where are you going?” Dini yelled at him.
Guntoro ignored her and walked to the front door, he quickly opened it and went out, slamming the door behind him. He ran to the street, with his shirt torn and barefooted. He didn’t care about the eyes that were looking at him with curiosity.
He touched his back pocket and felt relieved when he found that his wallet was there, he checked the content of his wallet, but it wasn’t a lot, and he wasn’t in the mood to find an ATM machine.
He walked to the main road and halted a bus that went to the terminal, the bus was completely full, so he stood at the door, holding on to a pole to prevent himself from flying off and falling when the bus picked up speed. As they came closer to the terminal, many passengers had gone down, giving him space to sit. Guntoro was determined to go home.
At the terminal he looked for a nonstop bus to Jember, he paid the driver the ticket price, which was all the money he had left without any doubts, quickly going to his seat and sat down, even though the bus wasn’t due to leave for the next hour.
He spent the next four hours in a haze, he couldn’t manage to sleep, but his senses were not exactly in tune either.
The Bus driver shouted out for all the passengers to make sure that they don’t leave anything behind as they have arrived at the destination.
Guntoro got off the bus, he looked from left to right and walked to his parents’ house. When he reached the house fifteen minutes later, he found that the gate was locked and the house seemed empty. He knew that it wasn’t a good idea to wait, since he didn’t know when they would be coming back, so he decided to walk towards his grandparents’ home. A two-hour walk.
It was late when he finally reached the house, the streets were quiet with nobody in sight only big trucks occasionally passing by as drivers prefer to travel by night to deliver goods to other cities. He knocked hoping that they were at home to open the door. There was a sound of the door bolt being opened and a young girl’s head peeked out, she looked at him suspiciously at first, but then after a few seconds she seemed to recognize him.
“Dik Gun, what happened to you?” Her voice was full of concern, she opened the door a little bit more and came out, “Good God, why are you in this state?” She looked at him, he was covered in dirt, his shirt was torn and barely covering his body, and his bare feet were caked with mud and blood.
He didn’t answer, he just shook his head. She quickly helped him in, and then aided him sit on a chair. She ran to the well and filled a bucket with water and grabbed a towel, then hurried back to the living room.
He was still sitting there, but his mind seemed to be someplace else. She could see that he had been crying because the tears had left streaks on the dirt that covered his face. Endang took a deep breath and shook her head. She didn’t know what had happened to him, but she knew it was something serious. She dipped the towel in the water and squeezed it half dry. She gently used it to clean him, starting with his face.
“Excuse me, okay? I’m going to take off your shirt.” She said, he just nodded. She proceeded to clean his body. “This is going to hurt a little bit” She said as she lifted his leg and put it inside the bucket. She cleaned his feet one at a time, scrubbing the mud off and cleaning the wounds. Guntoro gasped in pain as she passed the towel over his open blisters.
She stood up and entered her room then came out with a small box, she tended to his wounds the best that she can. Then she went to her parents’ room and took out her father t-shirt and helped him put it on.
“I’m such a weak and shameful man, aren’t?” He asked out of the blue, “Men are not supposed to cry, but look at me.”
“I don’t know what happened to you, so I can’t really say if it justifies for your to cry or not.” She said in a low voice, “But it’s obviously something that is very tough, for you to arrive here looking like this.”
He didn’t answer, he just sat in silence.
“Do you want me to prepare something for you to eat?” She asked. He shook his head. “Then maybe it’s a good idea if you rest now. I’ll prepare the spare room for you. Bapak and Ibu went with Mbak Yuni and Mas Koes to Lumajang to attend a wedding. They will be back tomorrow afternoon.”
“Bu Lik…”He said while grabbing her hand, “Thank you.”
The young girl smiled and looked at him with sympathy then quickly closed the front door and took away the bucket of water. She disappeared to the back of the house for a few minutes before coming back again with a cup of tea, “Your room is ready, you should drink this sweet tea to help you sleep.” She said while handing him the cup.
He took a sip, the warm and sweet liquid felt good in his mouth. He put the cup on the coffee table in front of him, then tried to stand up, only to feel a cramp on his left leg. He dropped on the chair again, gasping in pain, “Bu Lik,” He tried to call out but his voice was hoarse, “Bu Liiiiik……………help me…………” He shouted at the top of his lungs.
Endang ran to the living room to see what was going on, Guntoro was still on his chair contorting and holding his leg. “A cramp…I have a cramp…..” He gasp.
Endang rushed to him and grabbed his leg, “Stop squirming!” She said while massaging it.
“Okay, okay, I think it’s alright now……” He said.
“Try to stand up!” She said.
He used his arm to push his body up “It still hurts a bit, but I can manage.” He limped to the room and closed the door. Maybe it was his tired body, the long journey, the cup of tea, the quiet rural ambient, or all of that, but that night he fell into a deep dreamless sleep.
Endang served the coffee on the table, then went inside. She knew that when the adults are talking, she had to stay clear away.
“Tell us what happen, Gun.” His grandfather said, “How could you arrive here from Surabaya with no clothes, no money and nothing on your feet?”
“I had an argument with my wife, Mbah. She accused me of having an affair with the receptionist at the factory. I left the house because I was tired, it’s not the first time this happened. She’s always suspecting me all the time, we fight almost every day. I need some time to rest and find peace.”
“I don’t think that leaving your home because of a fight is a good thing to do.” His grandmother said, “You should try to talk and resolve the problem with your wife.”
“I’ve tried it so many times, Mbah,” Guntoro explained, “She never listens, and she’s obsessive about the idea that I cheat on her.”
“Okay, okay, you can stay here for a few days until you feel ready to go back home,” Pak Bakrie said. “Its a good thing that your aunt is in her school holiday period, she can accompany you and entertain you, so at least it will help you forget about your problems.” He paused then called out, “nDang, Endang…….”
“Yes, Pak?” She replied walking from the back of the house.
“Guntoro is going to stay with us for a few days, I want you to keep him company. But I want you to behave properly and don’t be nosey! Don’t ask about anything that’s not your business. Remember that!”
“I understand, Pak.” She said. Her facial expression was kind of sour. “But can I start accompanying him from tomorrow? My friends and I have plans to make spicy fruit salad in the fields behind the house, and it’s a little bit embarrassing to bring an old man to our gathering.”
“Endang!” Her mother scolded.
“That’s okay. I don’t want to make anybody uncomfortable!” Guntoro said blushing.
“No..no…no…I would feel better if you go with her.” Pak Bakrie said, “This girl, she hasn’t fully realized yet that she’s a young woman now, and that she can’t go around acting any way she wants to anymore. If you’re with her, you can make sure that she behaves properly.”
“Perfect! I came here to rest, and they make me babysit a group of teenagers. Lucky me!” Guntoro thought.

Chapter Thirteen

From the wooden stool in the back yard where he was sitting, Guntoro could see how she was still pouting ever since she left the living room. She squatted near the well to wash the green mangoes that she had to bring to the gathering. After wiping them dry in the kitchen, she put them in a clean plastic bag and exited. When she arrived at the yard, she signaled him to follow her. He stood up, grimacing in pain when his body weight added pressure to the blisters on his feet. The flip flops he was wearing didn’t give him adequate protection against the ground.
Endang quickly rushed towards him, “Sit down, and let me see your feet.” She said.
He didn’t have the energy to argue with anybody, so he quickly obeyed her.
She lifted his feet up without hesitation, and saw that the bandages had become dirty, “Don’t you know that you have to change these after you take a bath?” She asked as if she was talking to a five-year-old. “I’m going to get my medicine box to clean your blisters and change the bandages before we go.”
Guntoro didn’t say anything, he watched her walk away then smiled and shook his head. She’s only half his age, but she treats him like a little boy or maybe it’s her that acts like an old woman.
She was back in no time, and quickly but gently cleaned and treated his feet. Guntoro didn’t understand why his heart stirred at the idea that there was someone who was caring for him with all sincerity, without being asked to do so.
“There, all done.” She said with a smile feeling good about herself. She put the little box in her plastic bag, “Just in case we need it.” She said.
“Let’s go then,” Guntoro answered.
It had been a while since he walked in a rice field, the smell, sight and sensation made him remember his younger days, when life was so carefree yet promising, always wondering what the future would be. Who would have thought that for him it would be this painful? He observed the young girl walking in front of him, in many ways she reminded him of his youth, these rice fields also used to be his playground.
“Look, over there,” She turned around and pointed to a hut, “My friends have already arrived.” She was about to run, but remember that he was walking with difficulty, so she decided to maintain the slow pace.
They were loud and rowdy joking, and laughing and teasing each other. “Hello, hello….” She greeted them as soon as they reached the hut.
“nDang, how come you just arrived?” One of the girls greeted her. When they saw Guntoro walking behind her, they fell quiet, bowing and smiling with respect towards him.
“Good afternoon, Pak Lik[32].” A boy greeted him politely, knowing that he wasn’t her father, but guessing from his age that he must be her uncle. “Please sit down.” He pointing to a space next to him with his thumb as a sign of respect.
All the other kids laughed and hooted, “Don’t be fooled Pak Lik, his being nice to you because he wants to get your approval to date your niece.” Another boy said out loud followed by loud noises of the others agreeing.
“Hey guys, this Pak Lik is my older sister’s son. So he’s actually my nephew. Dik Gun these are my friends. I’ll let them introduce themselves to you.” Endang said while putting her mangoes down and looking at the other ingredients her friends brought.
Guntoro couldn’t believe what was happening to him, he was actually caught in their merriment and began joking and laughing with the boys, forgetting the emotional weight that had gripped his heart this whole time.
“Tot, Gatot, why don’t you play the guitar.” One of the girls said.
Gatot was the boy who greeted Guntoro first, he was the boy who everyone said had a crush on Endang.
The boy raised his hand and picked up the guitar that was lying around behind him, “I want to play this song to the prettiest girl in school and in this field….” He said shamelessly, followed by the booing of his friends.
Endang’s face turned red and she turned away pretending to be busy peeling the fruits.
When his hand began to strum the guitar strings, Guntoro squinted as goose bumps ran down his skin, hearing how out of tune the instrument was, and the boy’s voice was like a cat meowing for food.
Out of nowhere a rose myrtle hit Gatot on the head, this caused his friends to laugh at him.
“That was worse than nails on a chalkboard,” Endang said to him, she had another rose myrtle in her hand, “If you sing again, I’ll hit you with another one of these.”
“Tot, no wonder people say that your house is haunted.” Another boy said, “Your neighbors probably heard you sing and thought you were a ghost!”
“Or maybe you should work here in the fields to help my father get rid of the rats with your voice,” Endang added.
“Of course I will, as soon as he acknowledges me as his son in law,” Gatot replied with a big smile.
Guntoro couldn’t help but laugh till his stomach hurt watching them interact with each other. “Here give that guitar to me, let me tune it.” He said.
“Look at him, he’s actually the only decent person here,” Gatot said to his friends, “Here, Mas. Thank you for being kind to your future uncle.”
The rest of the grouped booed and hooted at him, one guy even whistled out loud.
Guntoro just smiled as he received the guitar, he immersed himself in fine tuning it. Feeling happy that after a long time, he could finally play a guitar again. Dini wasn’t really fond of the idea, and he tended to avoid anything that might upset her.
Guntoro couldn’t remember the last time he laughed this much. They spent the afternoon singing to his guitar playing, many songs were made into parodies by the boys.
“NDang, your nephew is very handsome.” Siti whispered to her.
“Is he?” She said indifferently.
“Of course for Endang the most handsome guy here is Gatot.” Wati teased.
“Stop that!” She blushed, “He just one-sidedly proclaimed himself to be my boyfriend, I never said yes.”
“What are you waiting for? He’s one of the cutest guys in school. The two of you look good together.” Siti said.
“My father would kill me if I dared to get close to boys at this age.” She replied.
“He doesn’t have to know.”
“But still……” She involuntarily glanced at Guntoro. His facial expression had changed, he’s not melancholy anymore. He looked even more handsome now that he was able to laugh from the heart.
She scold herself and looked away. She chided her heart for beating so fast. She turned around again to look at the group of friends that was surrounding Guntoro. She looked at Gatot, he wasn’t that bad, as the girls said he was cute, and tall, with a cheerful disposition. His voice was pitched and sounded funny, unlike Guntoro’s deep soothing tone, and he had straight hair, while Guntoro’s locks were wavy. She wanted to slap herself in the face for suddenly comparing them to each other. She quickly got up, jumped down from the hut and walked a few meters away from the rest of the group.
Gatot perked up when he saw Endang walking alone, he moved to the edge of the hut, he jumped down and walked to where she was now standing and looking away from them.
“nDang, what are you doing here alone?” He asked.
She took a deep breath and forced a smile, “Nothing, I’m just enjoying the view.” She replied.
“nDang, I’ve been wanting to ask you something, I think it’s obvious how I feel about you. I always shout it out for everyone to hear. nDang would you be my girlfriend?”
“Tot, do I have to answer now? I….I need to think about it.” She replied looking firmly at the ground.
“Don’t worry I’ll wait for you.”
Some of the boys were about to tease them, when Siti shushed them. Signing them to look at Gatot’s expression that was not quite a happy one.
“What did the two of you talk about?” Guntoro asked after everybody had left, and only he and Endang remained in the hut. He was still holding the guitar, Gatot was more than happy to lend it to him, to gain extra points with Endang.
“Who?” She asked pretending not to know.
“You and Gatot, you walked away and he followed after you, what did you talk about?” He asked again.
“Nothing much, he asked me if I wanted to officially be his girlfriend.”
“And did you say yes?”
She shook her head, “I told him that I still need time to think about it.”
“He’s a good looking kid. And he has a great personality.” Guntoro said.
“That’s right…” She nodded
“But….?”
“But mind your own business…..” She replied sassily, “Let’s get back, look at that, the sky is red, it’s almost dusk. Bapak would be upset if I get home after dark. What do you think if we go to the river tomorrow?”
“The river? Sure…”
It wasn’t hard for Guntoro to find excuses to delay his return to Surabaya, a volleyball tournament where the boys from the community asked him to participate, a relatives Sunatan ceremony in the adjoining town, even the office of the town chief had asked him to be the master of ceremony in one of their events. Guntoro actually felt reborn. He filled his days helping with the house chores, of course there was a certain somebody there, who was more than happy to take advantage of him and make him do most of the chores, while she hides from her mother under the bed and takes a nap. The girl was even shameless enough to reproach him for not rinsing the rice properly and not putting the right seasoning in the fried bean cake. At night, he was inspired to scribble notes and even draft a new book.
Endang’s holiday had ended, and she was back in school again. He also took it on himself to take her to school every morning and pick her up in the afternoon on the bicycle. And on weekends, they’d go to his parents’ house to spend the night, Endang would always want to snuggle up with his mother, forcing his father to sleep in the guest room.
“Where are you going?” He asked as he saw her carrying a kite in her hands and sneaking out the back door.
“To the field, the wind is strong and steady, it’s perfect to fly a kite.” She replied. “But don’t make too much noise. Bapak hates it when I fly a kite, he said that it is a game for boys.”
“I’m coming with you.” He got up, put his flip flops on and ran after her.
“Okay, then you can carry this.” She handed the kite to him, “Let’s go!”
They rushed out to the field, running back and forwards trying to get the kite up in the air. Once it was airborne Endang insisted on holding the string, but apparently she wasn’t too good at it as the kite twisted and lost altitude.
“Here let me teach you how to do it.” He said standing behind her and putting his arm around her, holding her hands that was holding the string. He tugged the kite down then released the string again, pulling and releasing in turns to make it fly higher. She was happy and excited as the diamond shaped paper soared in the sky.
For some strange reason, her hair that was blown by the wind made his heart skip a beat as it gently landed on his face. The soft smell of her shampoo caused his face to turn hot. He nervously let go of her, and because she was leaning against him, she fell backward on the ground. Making the kite brake and fly away.
“Why are you so mean?” She complained picking herself up.
He extended his hand to help her, laughing fretfully, “I’m sorry, there was a sudden itch on my back, so I let go of you to scratch it.” He replied.
“Now my kite is gone.” She lamented.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry….” He said while putting his hand on her head and messing her hair around.
“I need to sit down for a while.” She said while walking towards the open hut.
He followed behind her, they sat side by side in the open hut. Guntoro looked towards the horizon, the trees rustle as their leaves were teased by the strong afternoon breeze, he could hear in the distance a farmer shooing away the birds that fly low above the tall rice plants. It was almost harvest season, a time when farmers must tend carefully to the field, safeguarding it against armies of little birds who are ready to attack for a bounty of rice seeds. In the distance, he could hear a clanging of several bells, followed by the sound of little wings fluttering in panic. He took a deep breath, it would be good if time could stop at this very moment, he felt that he had everything he needed, the beautiful view, fresh crisp air, his parents and grandparents who love him and the girl he loved by his side.
Guntoro froze as he realized his thoughts. The girl he loved? By his side? How could he suddenly think that way? He glanced at Endang who was nodding sleepily, the cool breeze brushing against her face had made her drowsy. As she fell asleep she fell sideward landing on his shoulder. Guntoro felt flustered and anxious at the same time. Since when did he see her more than just family? Since when did this girl invade his heart and his mind?
He moved his shoulder taking her head in his hand and laying it on his lap very gently. He wanted to see her better. He lightly stroke her cheek, seeing her sleeping like this, she didn’t look like the bossy girl who was always on his back about the house chores.
He couldn’t help but feel ashamed of himself. How could he a married man, have feelings for this girl who was half his age, a girl who hasn’t even reached adulthood yet.
His brain began a debate with his heart. Sure she was only fifteen and not a legal adult, but if he had to compare her with his wife, she was much more emotionally mature. This girl was able to understand him and sympathize with him, something that Dini even after an extended dating period and two years of marriage failed to do.
And Dini, suddenly it seemed that with every passing day, she began to be a burden on his life instead of a partner to bear the heavy load as promised on their wedding day. How strange that after a few months away from his beautiful wife, he hasn’t even missed her a single bit. In fact, he feels relieved and free from the ball and chain that had been weighing his soul down.
Guntoro caressed her nose softly with his finger, if only she were older, or he was younger and single, he wouldn’t hesitate one minute to confess to her. But the other problem was their family ties. Although they are not closely blood related, but she was still a child raised by his grandparents, he doubts that they will look fondly at his feelings for her. Especially considering his current condition.
Guntoro didn’t want to take his eyes off her, he knew that he has to go back to reality soon, to his life in Surabaya, and maybe even to Dini. So if this was a dream, he wanted to savor it as much as he can before he finally wakes up. Being by her side, talking to her and spending time with her was all that he wanted, all that he needed, nothing more. Surely if it’s only this much, it would be alright.
In the distance, Pak Bakrie was in his field, cleaning the invading weeds from his precious rice plants. His eyes beamed with concern as he caught sight of his grandson and adopted daughter. This can’t be, I can’t let this go on, he whispered to himself.


Chapter Fourteen

“Yun, we have to do something about those two, they are getting too close to each other, it’s not right. Ugh, it was my fault in the first place to tell Endang to accompany Guntoro while he is here.” Pak Bakrie said as soon as his daughter served his coffee, “Guntoro is thirty years old and already married, he’s been away from his wife for a couple of months now. It’s our duty as their elders to save them from temptation and sin, and prevent our family from falling into tragedy.”
“Pak, aren’t you exaggerating?” Pak Koes said calmly, “I trust Guntoro, he always acts as a gentleman, and he would never do anything irresponsible and disrespectful to a woman, especially not to Endang. She’s Dik Yuni’s sister, and even though she is his aunt, but due to their age difference, he sees her as a younger sister that’s all.”
“Pak, why do you think that Guntoro has other feeling for Endang?” Bu Yuni asked.
“The other day when I was in the field, by chance I saw the two of them together, I saw Endang asleep on Guntoro’s lap and he was touching her face.” Pak Bakrie explained.
“Pak, if that’s what you saw, I have to agree with Mas Koes, I think you’re misinterpreting Guntoro’s feelings for Endang.”
“I don’t know, I have a bad feeling, something in here tells me that something else is going on.” Pak Bakrie said while pointing to his chest, “Trust me, this is my white hair speaking. I’ve lived long enough to be able to sense these things.”
“Pak why don’t we do this, when they come here tomorrow, I will observe them and pay attention to what they do and how they interact with each other, I will let you know if I see anything that’s not right.”
“Okay, Yun, I will trust your judgment.”
“Don’t worry, Pak. When have I ever disappointed you?” Bu Yuni smiled assuring him.
Bu Yuni sat beside her son as he was lying down on the bed. “Be honest with me Gun, today all day I was watching you, I saw how you looked at Endang. What’s going on with you?”
Guntoro took a deep breath and stared at the ceiling, “I don’t know what’s going on with me, it’s just something that grew inside of me, and now I find it harder and harder to control. I feel embarrassed and bad for what I feel, I’m not a young man anymore, I should be able to control my emotions and prevent something like this from happening.”
“What is it that attracts you to her?” Bu Yuni asked wanting to understand her son more.
“I don’t know where to start, for me it’s something emotional, she moves my heart, Bu. At this moment, when I’m facing my most difficult situation, when I felt my life was entering a dark tunnel, she appeared. She was the person who was beside me, without asking, without judging, without giving an opinion. She doesn’t try to pull me out of my situation, but I know for sure that she’ll be there to help me if I fall.”
“So what you’re trying to say is that you don’t see her as a woman, but as a very good friend as family?” Bu Yuni tried to dig deeper.
“…..” Guntoro couldn’t find anything to say. He was confused, how can he make his mother understand something that he doesn’t quite understand himself. “She’s very young. Very young.” He whispered.
She touched his leg and began to massage it affectionately, “When I married your father, I was sixteen and he was twenty three. Although things were different back then…… Your grandfather is concerned about your closeness to Endang, which is understandable, you are married after all, he’s afraid that you will be tempted to eat the forbidden fruit.”
“Bu, I would never do something that would ruin her life like that.”
“I know,” She sighed, “As your mother I feel angry and offended by the way your wife treats you. You’re my only son, the son that I gave birth to and raised with all my love and devotion. I can’t accept a stranger coming into your life and hurting you that way. I didn’t see how you were when you arrived to your grandfather’s house, but Endang’s tears that she cried when she told me about your condition was more than enough to break my heart and it makes me dislike your wife.”
“She was crying for me?” Guntoro asked not expecting something like that had happened.
“Oh yes…..”His mother nodded.
Guntoro heart became warm, unconsciously he smiled.
Bu Yuni observed him quietly, “Any mother would want her son to be with a woman who truly and sincerely loves him, a woman who respects him and above all, wants to see him happy.”
Guntoro shook his head “Mbah Kakung is right to be worried about me and her getting closer, it’s not right for someone like me to feel something for her. She deserves better, she’s young, pretty, with a bright future ahead of her. I wouldn’t dare to dream….”
Bu Yuni took a deep breath, “I don’t like to see you like this……”
“The motorcycle is free, Gun, why don’t you take Endang for a ride?” Bu Yuni said in an ordering tone.
“Where should we go?” He asked.
“Around town, to another town, anywhere….Just use your imagination!”
“Do you want to go out?” Guntoro asked Endang.
She raised her shoulder, “Sure, I guess……..”
“Good! Hurry up, while it’s still early, that way you have more time to be together, I mean more time to go sight-seeing together.” She said while pulling Guntoro out of the chair and pushing him out of the door.
Endang got up also and walked out the door. She headed to Guntoro who was already mounted on the motorcycle, he handed her a helmet and then put one on himself. He kick-started the motorcycle, as soon as it started Endang saddled behind him, and he drove out of the driveway.
“You promised Bapak that you would make sure that nothing will happen between those two kids. Why did you send them out alone on the motorbike?” Pak Koes asked his wife.
“When did I promise that to Bapak? I promised him that if I saw anything that’s not right, I will tell him. I don’t see anything wrong, do you?”
“Dik Yun…..what are you trying to do?”
“Mas, I want my son to be happy, don’t you?”
“I do, but…”
“But nothing! Do you think that wife of his will make him happy?”
“No, but he is still married to her, I don’t think it is right for you to push him towards Endang, she’s still under-aged, and besides, she’s your little sister.”
“She was raised by my parents that means we know for sure that she’s a good woman!”
Pak Koes shook his head, if his wife has her mind on something, no power in this world could change it.
“Where should we go?” Guntoro asked.
“I don’t know, wherever you want to go is fine with ,” Endang replied.
Guntoro thought for a while, he looked at the fuel meter, “Let’s go to the ocean. To Papuma Beach” He said while adding more speed.
Endang fell slightly backward because of the impact of the velocity change, she quickly moved her hands to hold Guntoro around the waist to prevent herself from falling off the motorcycle. Guntoro smiled slightly, her arms were warm and soft, just like her heart.
The one-hour drive wasn’t so bad, they first had to pass the ticket counter, Guntoro paid the entry fee for both of them and also the motorcycle parking fee. Once entering the beach, he could hear Endang admire the amazing view of the cove.
“Are those fisherman boats?” She asked while pointing towards several boats tied to the bay.
“Yes they are.” He replied he continued to cruise around the vast area, looking for the best spot to enjoy the view. He made one round around the track, so they could see the whole forest area, and then he stopped the motorcycle and parked it.
Endang hopped off the motorcycle, he received the helmet from her and hooked it to the vehicle. He smiled as he watched her run to the sand and began kicking around with excitement. She waved towards him, “Come here!” She shouted.
He got off and walked calmly towards her, “Do you like it?”
She nodded happily, “It’s beautiful.” She exclaimed.
“Give me your shoes so you can feel the sand under your feet and play in the water.” He said while extending his hand.
She nodded and quickly took off her shoes and rolled up her pants. She handed her shoes over to him. She ran towards the water, screaming with joy when the water hit her feet. Guntoro got caught in her excitement just by watching her from a distance. He sat on a rock to avoid getting sand on his trousers, giving her time to enjoy herself. Seeing her trying to out run the waves made him laugh, it was quite an entertaining view.
After feeling satisfied and bored running up and down the beach edge, she walked back to where he was sitting. “Are you thirsty?” He asked.
She nodded, wiping her sweat from her forehead with her hand, leaving traces of sand on it. Guntoro reached out and cleaned the sand away from her face gently.
“Let’s go to one of the shops over there.” He pointed to a row of shops in the distance.
They entered one that Guntoro considered the cleanest. He ordered two young coconuts, “Do you want something to eat?” He asked her.
She shook her head, “Maybe later.” She said.
They drank the cold sweetened coconut water with gusto. “Let me scrape the fruit for you.” Endang said as she saw that Guntoro had drank all of his.
“Are you having fun?” He looked at her affectionately.
She nodded, “I am, this place is so wonderful, thank you for bringing me here.” She passed the coconut back to him.
“Let’s take a walk, that way.” He said while pointing towards the farther end of the beach.
Endang turned her head to the direction he was pointing, it was a hill, “Let’s go.”
As they walked towards the hill, Endang pointed out some monkeys that were refuging on the trees escaping the hot midday sun. Guntoro smiled “The crab eating macaque.” He explained, “They are called that way because they are often seen foraging the beach for food. Look, over there, a squirrel!”
“It moves so fast.” She gasped.
The road got steeper as they climbed up the hill, Guntoro took Endang’s hand to help her track up the path. They walked hand in hand until they reached the top of the hill. From there they could see the open ocean, a vast blue Indian Ocean landscape stretching out until the horizon. The waves that hit the shore line, resonated a natural rhythm, in tune with the breeze and the dance of the coconut trees on the coast.
“There are no words to describe how beautiful the view is.” Endang suspired while clearing her hair from her face.
“No there aren’t any…..” He said, his eyes only seeing her.
They went down the other side of the hill, the beach here had less sandy area and was more of a rocky shore, and the waves were a lot bigger than the other side. They walked around for a while before climbing the hill again to reach the previous side.
They walked towards the motorcycle, ready to head back to Jember. “I had a good time.” She said.
“Me too.” He agreed.
He started the motorcycle and after she had hopped on they drove away. They had reached the forest area when the engine started to cough a few times, then suddenly died.
“What happened now?” Guntoro wondered.
Endang got down so he could try to kick start it, but the engine just wouldn’t start. Guntoro tried turning the choke, but nothing happened. Guntoro shook the motorbike from side to side to quickly assess if the there was any fuel, from the sound of the tank, there seemed to be enough. He got off the vehicle and squatted beside it. He remove the fuel line, the smell of gasoline filled the air as the clear liquid dripped from it. He quickly fastened it back again and stood up.
“I’ll need to check the carburetor but I don’t have any tools here.” He said to her.
She looked worried, “What should we do?” She asked.
“Let’s just wait until somebody passes by and we can ask if they have any tools to lend us.”
“She nodded.”
Guntoro peeked at his wrist watch, it was four o’clock, in two hour it will start getting dark. He looked over at Endang with concern. “Hey, come over here. Don’t stand too far away.” He called out.
He pushed the stand with his feet and yank the motorcycle backwards to put it upright. He sat sideways on the saddle facing the street and gestured for her to do the same.
“Are you upset?” He asked seeing how quiet she was.
She shook her head, “Why would I be? I had one of the best days of my life.” She said while smiling. “I’m just worried about the people at home, it would be good if we can contact them some way.”
Guntoro nodded, at moments like this he wished that he hadn’t left his cellphone in Surabaya. “You know when we were on our way here, we passed so many cars and motorbikes, but now that we’re stuck here, there’s nobody in sight.”
Endang laughed, “There’s like a name for that, a foreign one. What is it? I’ve heard it on TV once.”
“Murphy’s Law.” Guntoro laughed, “Whatever can happen will happen.”
“Oh well, it could be worse. But at least I’m here with you, so I know that everything will be alright.” She declared.
“Do you really think so?” He asked, suppressing his stirring heart.
“I know so!” She smiled.
“Thank you for having faith in me.” He whispered, then said in a louder voice, “Here, why don’t you lean on my shoulder, you look tired.”
“Would it be okay?” She hesitated.
“Sure, why not?”
She put her head on his shoulder and he supported her back with his arm, his hand holding firmly to the motorcycle saddle so she can lean on him comfortably.
“I wonder what the monkeys are doing.” She said, “Now that the sun is not so hot, maybe they’ve climbed down from the trees to go and search for food.”
“Speaking about monkeys, it is sad how many people in the city want to keep them as pets. And even in some countries they use them as lab animals.”
“But they look so audacious, how do people catch them? I mean they move so fast and live in the trees.”
“Well when I was younger just after graduating high school, I came here to camp with a group of friends. We got to know this old man from a nearby town. He told us about how people around here catch the wild monkeys. You see they make a small hole in a pumpkin, just enough for a monkey’s empty hand to enter, and they hollow it out, and fill it with boiled peanuts. Monkeys love to eat boiled peanuts, and they are attracted to its sweet smell. So then they’ll leave the pumpkin under the tree where the monkeys live. When the little animals smell the peanuts, they would climb down and try to grab a handful. But since the animal’s hand is full of peanuts, they can’t take it out of the hole. And wild monkeys once they grab hold of food, they don’t let go. So it makes the easier for poachers to catch them on the ground, since with the pumpkin stuck to their hand, they can’t climb up a tree.” He explained.
“Ah, I see….” She nodded.
“There’s another even brutal way, some hunters find mother monkeys carrying their babies and shoot them. When the mother is dead, the baby is left orphaned, kidnapped and sold to the animal market.”
“Oh…..” She said softly. “I’m never going to watch Topeng monyet[33] again.”
“It’s incredible how humans love to entertain themselves on the suffering of others.” He commented.
Just then in the distance a grey truck drove up on the road. Guntoro jumped down from the motorcycle and waved to it. It was a Navy truck. Three men were riding in the front seat. They stopped in front of them and two soldiers came down.
“Do you need help?” The older one asked, he was in his forties and had a thick moustache. Guntoro read his name Made Oka.
“Good afternoon sir.” He said respectfully, “We are having trouble with our motorbike, it stopped and won’t start again.”
The other soldier a man in his early twenties walked over to the motor bike and shook it, “It has fuel in it!” He said. He looked at Endang who was standing by the motorcycle and smiled at her, “Good afternoon. My name is Bambang.” He said.
Endang smiled back, “Good afternoon. I’m Endang” She replied.
“Oh, so we’re a match made in heaven, aren’t we[34]?” The young man exclaimed
The older man shook his head and rolled his eyes up looking at his younger comrade, “Can I see an ID?” He said to Guntoro.
“Certainly.” Guntoro pulled out his wallet from his back pocket and showed him his ID.
Pak Made read it, and then looked at Guntoro and Endang strangely, taking a deep breath and shaking his head again. “mBang.” He said to the young soldier, as he handed the ID card back to Guntoro, “Help him lift his motorbike to the back of the truck. We’ll bring it to our post we have tools there, and Bambang here is a good mechanic. He can help you take a look at the motorbike.” He said while looking back at Guntoro.
Guntoro and Bambang heaved the motorcycle on the back of the truck. After they secured it Pak Made said to Guntoro, “Well since you’re travelling with your wife, I think it would be wiser if the two of you sit in the front passenger seat.?”[35]
“Heh…?” Endang was about to protest, but Guntoro quickly dragged her to the front of the truck and pushed her to the passenger seat.
Bambang shook his head in disappointment, “Tsk, why are the pretty ones always taken.” He said to Pak Made, “I want to be a sugar daddy too when I grow up.” He added with a wide smile and holding his thumbs up.


Chapter Fifteen

Endang climbed into the passenger seat of the truck. The driver was a slim man in his thirties, he smiled kindly at her and at Guntoro who climbed in after her.
“Guntoro, how did you get lost out here?” He said without turning around.
Guntoro surprised when the man called him by his name, he observed him carefully, “Wahyu?” He spurted, “Long time no see, I heard you enrolled in the navy, I never imagined that you would be stationed here.” Both men shook hands in a warm and friendly way.
“And who is this young lady?” He asked.
“This is my aunt. Bu Lik Endang.”
“Your aunt how could that be?”
“My grandparents took her in and raised her as their own. Bu Lik, this is my friend Wahyu, we went to high school together.” He presented.
“Aren’t you shameless, how could you claim your aunt as your wife in front of my colleagues?” He laughed.
Guntoro laughed out loud, “I didn’t claim anything, it was Pak Made who assumed that she was my wife, I just didn’t deny it because the young guy was already sending out wedding invitations.”
Wahyu continued laughing, “You know how it is to be young, I mean which young man wouldn’t want to get to know a pretty girl like your aunt here.”
“The more reason to make them believe that she’s my wife, a hormonal young man chasing her in a forestall area like this, is something I want to avoid.” He said assertively.
“Fine! Let’s play that game then.” Wahyu replied.
Endang only sat quietly, not knowing what to say.
“I heard you got married and live in Surabaya, are you here on vacation?” Wahyu asked.
“It’s a long story.” Guntoro replied, his face became dark.
“Ah…trouble in paradise huh?” Wahyu nodded understandingly.
They soon arrived at the post, it was actually a little house made to function as a post, it had a small living room with a two-way radio and a CDMA phone in the corner of a working desk. Wahyu showed them around, there was one bedroom made to function as a barrack, and at the back there was a small kitchen and bathroom.
“Yu, can I borrow the phone to call home? I’m sure my parents would be wondering what happened to us.” Guntoro asked.
“Of course! Send them my regards.”
Pak Koes answered the phone, Guntoro explained to him about their situation, and that they are now in a Navy out post. He also explained to his father that he met Wahyu. His best friend from high school, and that he had sent them his regards.
“It’s five o’clock already, if you think, it will take a long time to fix the motorbike, you should ask them if they will let you spend the night, I don’t think it will be a good idea for you to drive back on so late.” Pak Koes said to his son.
“Okay, Pak. Bye…”
Pak Koes hung up the phone, his wife was sitting behind him, observing. “Are they alright?” She asked.
“Yeah, luckily they met Wahyu. Remember him, he used to come here after school with Guntoro, those two once had a crazy idea to make a band together.”
“Ah yes, I remember him, he’s a nice young man.”
“Now he’s a sergeant in the Navy,” Pak Koes said.
“Oh wow, how things changed so much.”
“Hmm….we are getting old….”
“You know when Guntoro and Dini got married two years ago, I thought that by now we would be carrying our grandchildren. Now I’m just glad they don’t have any kids yet.” Bu Yuni exhaled, her husband nodding in agreement.
“You better call Bapak and makeup an excuse why Endang can’t come home tonight. If we tell him what really happened, he’s going to be so angry at you.”
“Yeah…” She got up and dialed a number.
“Thank Yu!” Guntoro said.
“Sergeant.” The young man called out, “The motorbike doesn’t have any real problems. I’ll have to clean the motor and it should work fine, it’ll probably take me an hour or two.”
“Thank you, I’ll help you…” Guntoro said while folding his sleeves
The young man looked at him with a disagreeing look.
“Bambang is jealous of his tools. They’re his babies, his never going to let anyone touch them. “He paused, “mBang, why don’t you fix the bike, I’ll take my friend and hi aun…wife to eat at the shop over there. We’ll bring back something for you as a thank you gift.”
“Works for me!” He said happily, putting on his signature wide smile with his thumbs up.
“Come to think of it he is kind of strange, I wouldn’t want him as an uncle either if I were in your place,” Wahyu whispered when they were on the streets. Guntoro laughed and Endang just blushed in silence.
The shop was a small one, typical of a small village. The old lady who tended it offered them grilled fish, and squid, those were the only two items offered, what’s left of the catch of the day.
“We’ll take that.” Guntoro said, “And can you please wrap some to take back.”
“So how long have you been back here in Jember?” Wahyu asked.
“Almost three months,” Guntoro replied.
“And you haven’t been to Surabaya?”
Guntoro shook his head.
“And your wife?”
“I haven’t spoken to her since.”
“I heard she was drop dead gorgeous, don’t you feel sorry for leaving her behind just like that?” Wahyu continued asking.
“Excuse me, I need to go to the toilet.” Endang stood up, the conversation was entering a subject that made her feel uncomfortable.
Guntoro looked at her without saying a word. Wahyu observed him carefully, trying to understand what was going on with his old friend.
“My relationship with Dini is complicated,” Guntoro explained, “She’s the only daughter of a rich and successful business man, I worked in their factory. Maybe that’s why she thinks she owns me.”
“Well, it’s normal for a wife to be possessive of her husband and vice versa.”
“But not her kind of possessiveness. She’s constantly jealous, spying on me, going through my cellphone, checking me up at work, nit-picking everything I say, she even goes so far as to strip me and sniff me, and not in the exciting way, I’m talking about the way that makes you shrink just by thinking about it.”
Wahyu laughed, “That bad?”
“And worse!”
“And where does she come in?”
“Who?”
“The one that you can’t take your eyes off, the one you won’t allow to talk to anyone else, the one that you call your aunt.”
“She’s…”
Just then Endang came back, Guntoro and Wahyu change their topic to lighter things, mostly about old friends and where they are now. When the food came, Endang showed how appreciative she was, she ate like there was no tomorrow. Seeing how she was eating, Guntoro kept piling her plate with fish and squid.
“I’m so full!” She said as they left the shop.
“You ate like the world was going to end tomorrow.” Guntoro teased.
“The world isn’t going to end tomorrow, but I most likely will never eat something that fresh and good again.” She replied poking her tongue out at him.
He laughed and messed her hair as Wahyu watched in silence. When they arrived back at the post, the sky was dark and Bambang had finished repairing the motorcycle. “When Guntoro handed the food to him, he received it with a big thank you, walking to the kitchen to get plates to share it with Pak Made.
“Let’s go and sit over there.” Wahyu said, “The guys built a divan so the team on duty at this post can use it to sit and night and chat or play cards.”
“How could you afford to not work for three months?” Wahyu asked once they sat down comfortably.
Guntoro explained, “I have a small but sufficient income from my published book.”
“Ah…..” Wahyu nodded, “So your income is small because you’re not working, but my income is small and insufficient even though I work hard. Consider yourself lucky.”
“Having a big income doesn’t mean you’ll automatically be happy,” Guntoro answered profoundly, “There are other, simpler things in life that are worth more than a big house, or a car, For example look at the natural scenery in front of us, having a lot of money can’t buy you this. People with money go on vacations to resorts or expensive hotels, where’s the joy in that?”
“Easy for you to say!” Endang said. “For people like me, who’s never been inside a fancy hotel, we would want to know how it looks and feels to stay in one of those.”
“Oh? And how would your dream vacation be?” Wahyu asked her.
“Let’s see…., maybe something that’s a surprise, an unexpected Saturday to Sunday outing. Hopefully, a plane ride, because it’s fast, and I’ve never been in one. In a five star hotel with all the upscale service they offer, I saw on TV that they have air conditioning, bathtubs in the room’s bathroom and big soft fluffy beds, how nice!”
“And where would you wish this surprise vacation to be in?” Guntoro questioned.
“Ummm….maybe Yogyakarta. Yeah, Yogya, where there’s a lot of cultural heritage to see. Prambanan, Borobudur, The Palace, and even the famous Jalan Malioboro.”She smiled.
Guntoro smiled also, “Thank goodness dreams don’t cost a thing.”
“But it’s never too late to go pursuing it!” Wahyu added.
Guntoro thought about what he said for a while, then nodded, “Agreed!”
As Guntoro and Wahyu catchup with each other’s lives Endang couldn’t help but feel bored. There was not enough beautiful scenery and fresh air in the area to keep her interested to sit still and tune into the boasting of men. She began yawning and her eyes were teary.
“If you’re sleepy, why don’t you go into the barrack and use one of the beds,” Wahyu said.
“Oh, thank you, ” Endang replied, “I think I’ll turn in for the day.”
“Hang on!” Guntoro held her back. “If you want to sleep, you should sleep here. You can use my lap as a pillow. I don’t feel comfortable with the idea of you in there alone in a public bedroom with opened doors while we’re out here talking.”
“It’ll be alright Pak Made and Bambang are good and decent people.” Wahyu assured him.
“I still don’t feel reassured.”
“Okay, I just want to rest, inside, out here, anyplace will do,” Endang said while lying her body down, folding her arms under her head as the two men kept on chatting.
Before long she felt pins and needles in her arm, and tried to relieve it by massaging it with her other hand.
“That’s why I told you to put your head here,” Guntoro said while patting his lap.
Endang doubted, she looked at Wahyu, who pretended to be busy observing the sky. She finally placed her head down and curled sideways with her face looking away from Guntoro. Before long her breathing became calm, and she was fast asleep.
“You know, a girl her age wouldn’t know the difference between love and admiration. It would be easy for them to confuse the two feelings.” Wahyu said in a philosophical tone.
“What are you getting at?” Guntoro understanding what he was trying to say, but tried to debate anyway.
“You know what I mean, for a young girl like her, she could easily feel admiration for men our age, with our experience and the things we know. After all she hasn’t been through much of life.”
“You’re right,” Guntoro replied, looking at her and his hand clearing the hair away from Endang’s face.
“And besides, right now, you’re confused and hurt. You just had a big fight with your wife and you’re still angry at her, but you’re still married to her which means you still haven’t let go of her. You’re smitten with this young girl who’s with you day in and day out, who you have innocent fun with, who takes your mind off your problems, but it doesn’t mean that you love her. How could you be so sure that you don’t feel the way you do because she’s at an arm’s length away from you?” Wahyu looked at him sharply, “You should put your feet on the ground and take action, instead of running away and hiding here, you should go and confront your problems. If things don’t work out between you and your wife, then end it, don’t let it drag along. And this is also a chance to define what you feel about Endang. If you still feel the same way as you do now, being far away from her, then maybe it’s love. But if it all turns into a sweet memory that you could put behind you, then do just that. Put it behind you, don’t drag her in to your confusion.”
“And what if it turns out that I do love her?” Guntoro thought out loud.
“Then wait, wait for her to at least become an adult, you should let her enjoy her youth, her friends, have fun, like we did when we were her age. And if turns out that in the future she doesn’t love you in return, then I’m sure a handsome and smart man like yourself could win her over, and make her fall in love with you, but for real this time.”
“Thanks! Thanks for being the voice of reason, my friend.” Guntoro nodded.
The next morning they said their thank you and goodbyes and headed back for Jember. On the drive back, he deliberately went slower, as if he was trying to prevent the drive from ending. He took his left hand off the handlebar and caressed her hand that was holding him around the waist, without saying a word. For some reason a mix of happiness and pain filled his heart as she responded by tightening her embrace and leaning her head against his back. He was afraid, afraid to assert his feelings for her, afraid to ask her how she felt about him. Did she see him as a man? Or were her feelings for him purely admiration. He thought about Wahyu’s words, and also thought about his current situation. Wahyu was right. At this moment he was in an emotional limbo, if he continued like this, it was her who’ll end up getting hurt the most.
Endang didn’t know why her tears started rolling down her face. She held him tighter as his hand caressed hers gently, she leaned her head on his back. Lately, the soft smell of his sweat had become familiar to her. She didn’t want to see him leave, but she knew that it was unavoidable. Was it because she grew up alone, that his presence filled the void of not having a sibling she could spend time with? Or was it more than that? She didn’t dare to even consider the latter. He was after all the son of her older sister. Besides he had someone waiting for him in Surabaya. Sure they have their problems, though she didn’t know what they were, but what man wouldn’t go back to his angel like wife with her high-class lifestyle. She couldn’t comprehend why the idea of him going back to his wife hurt her so much.
They were too lost in their respective thoughts to realize a car slowly following close behind them. Dini looked at them with rage from the back passenger seat. She felt her heart burning seeing her husband acting so lovingly with another woman, a younger one too. She couldn’t quite see who it was, but she didn’t care. Whoever wanted to mess with her man is her enemy, and she never forgives her enemy.
“Follow them, but put a little bit of distance so they won’t suspect us!” She ordered the driver, “I want to see where they go.”
Guntoro turned to the street of his parents’ house. He stopped the motorcycle in front of the gate, Endang climbed down to open the gate, she turned around to hand the helmet to him, which he accepted. He casually hung it on the handlebar, seeing that her eyes were red and her face wet with tears, he held her hand and pulled her closer. “What’s wrong?” He asked while wiping her cheeks lovingly.
“I…” Endang was about to speak, when suddenly a car stopped behind them and Dini climbed out.
“Mas Gun!” She screamed, “Is this why you didn’t come home all this time? You’re having a disgusting relationship with this little girl?”
They both turned around, “Dini!” Guntoro gasped, “Why are you here?”
“You cheap little harlot, how dare you mess with my husband!” Dini launched forward to slap Endang.
Guntoro quickly jumped off the motorcycle and pulled Endang behind him, a loud slapping sound echoed on the street as Dini’s hand landed hard on his face.
Chapter Sixteen

“Why don’t you go inside…” Guntoro said to Endang.
Endang didn’t hear what he said, instead of entering she moved closer to him and touched his cheek that was slapped by Dini, “Are you alright? Are you hurt?” She asked.
“Get your hands off him!” Dini yelled at her, grabbing Endang’s wrist and pulling her hand away from Guntoro’s face.
“You’re Dik Dini, aren’t you?” Endang said to her.
Hearing the girl call her that way, Dini was surprised, “You…are you….”
“Din, this is Bu Lik Endang….” Guntoro replied, “You remember my aunt, don’t you?”
Dini calmed down slightly, but looked at Endang suspiciously.
“Bu Lik, why don’t you go inside, while I talk to…to my wife…..” Guntoro said. Those words made Endang’s heart sting.
“Okay, yes, you two should talk…..” She whispered. She entered the house walking as if she was in a trance.
Endang entered the living room as Bu Yuni was walking out, “nDang what happened, what’s the ruckus?” She asked.
“Dik Dini is here, mBak.” She answered, she didn’t know why her voice seemed to not be able to come out.
“Let me see what’s going on…” Bu Yuni went outside.
“mBak, he got slapped………” Endang said, her eyes were wet again, “He got slapped instead of me, I hope it doesn’t hurt…..”
“I’ll take a look, wait here….” Bu Yuni said to her sister. She rushed out of the house to see what was going on.
“No! Dik Yuni, I´ll go out and talk to them, you stay here!” Pak Koed said while holding his wife back. “It´s time our son acts like a man and confront his situation.”
“What are you thinking?” His wife asked.
“He should go back to Surabaya to his wife.” Pak Koes said.
Endang felt something stuck in her throat, although it felt heavy in her heart, but deep down she knew that her brother in law was right.
“Din, why are you here?” Guntoro asked her.
“I came to pick you up, you’ve been gone for too long, my father has been asking for you, there’s work to be done at the factory, and I……..I miss you.” She explained.
“Couldn’t you find another way to show me? you said you miss me, but the first thing you do when we meet is slap my face.” Guntoro said.
“I didn’t intend to slap you, I was going to…”
“Slap my aunt?”
Dini looked to the ground.
"I didn't know that it was your aunt who was with you just now. When I saw you in the street, it looked like you were lovers. "
They heard a cough behind them, “Good morning, Pak.” Dini greeted her father in law.
“Good morning Nak Dini, have you been here long?” He asked as pleasantry.
“I just arrived, Pak.”
“Ah, okay….”
Guntoro took a deep breath, “Pak, I´m going back to Surabaya.” Guntoro said. “I´m going to sort it out with Dini.”
Pak Koes nodded, “That´s the right thing to do.”
“Pak, please say goodbye to...to everybody for me…” He said, knowing well that seeing her would make it harder for him to part.
Pak Koes understanding who he was referring to nodded, “I will.”
“Let´s go, Mas.”Dini put her arm around his and led him to the car.
Guntoro looked back towards the house, then followed her in. Pak Koes stood in front of the house as he waved goodbye to his son, he stayed there until the car disappeared in the distance, then walked back in.
“Where´s Guntoro?” Bu Yuni asked.
“He left, with his wife.” Pak Koes replied.
“Why didn’t he say goodbye?”
Pak Koes gestured towards his sister in law. Bu Yuni, understood and didn´t say anything else.
Endang stood up and smiled widely, “Well, I guess I have to head back home now, bapak must be worried about me.”
Bu Yuni glanced at her husband, although her sister was smiling, she knew that Endang was holding back her tears. “I told Bapak that you had a toothache last night, and it was quite bad, that´s why you couldn’t go back home and go to school today.”
“Then, I’ll let him know that it’s cured already.” She said again.
“nDang, I’ll take you home. Come on.” Pak Koes said.
“No, it’s okay. I’ll take a public transport.”
“Let your brother drive you home, nDang. Don’t be stubborn!” Her sister scold her.
“Okay, thank you for everything.” She kissed her sister on the cheek.
Endang didn’t say a word during the trip back to her house, as soon as she arrived, she excused herself claiming that her tooth still hurt and that she wanted to take a nap, then entered her bedroom. As she closed the door behind her, she laid on her bed. Just like any other visiting relatives, it was time for him to leave, there’s nothing to it. A man should be with his wife, and going back to Surabaya was the correct thing for him to do, it was irresponsible of her to hope otherwise. Looking at the ceiling she said to herself, “Goodbye……….my first love.”
Guntoro remained in silent, he didn’t feel like saying anything to his wife. He looked outside the window, even though the view was changing in front of him, all he could see was her teary face.
“Mas Gun, do you want to stop for a meal?” Dini asked breaking the ice.
“No” He replied.
“Mas, I apologize for making you angry at me. Could you forgive me? I’ve changed since you left the house.” She said in a smooth seductive voice.
Guntoro looked at her as if she had two noses, inadvertently touching his cheek that she slapped. “You’ve change have you?” He asked coldly.
“Mas, let’s try to improve our relationship, let’s start from the beginning, okay?”
“Dini, I’m going to divorce you.” He said out of the blue.
“What?” She looked at him with disbelief.
“I said that I’ll divorce you, as soon as we get to Surabaya, we’ll go through the legal proceedings.”
“I don’t accept! Don’t think you’re going to get your way so easily! I’ll do everything I can to make you stay with me as my husband.” She hissed.
“Why would you want that? Why would you want to be with somebody who doesn’t love you anymore?”
“You don’t love me anymore?” She stared at him, “Then who is it, who is it that you love? Who’s the other woman?”
“Why does it have to be another woman?” He denied. “I just don’t want to continue living a tormented life anymore.”
Dini began to cry, “Mas Gun, I’ll improve myself, I’ll really change to be the woman that will make you happy. But don’t leave me. You don’t know how hard these three months have been for me without you by myside. You know how much I love you. You know I can’t live without you. If you leave me, I’d rather die! If you dare leave me, I’ll kill myself! I swear I’ll do it!”
“Dini!” Guntoro held his forehead and massaged it, hoping to get rid of the headache that was attacking him mercilessly. “I’m going to close my eyes and try to sleep. Please don’t wake me up until we get to the house.” He said while closing his eyes.
Guntoro held his hand to his chest, for some strange reason, he could feel a sharp pain there, as if he had lost something very important. He realized that he actually did. With his eyes shut, all he could see were the happier moments he lived in Jember these past three months.
Guntoro had the maids move his clothes and belongings to the guest room. He couldn’t see himself sharing a room with his wife anymore. No matter how much she cried and pleaded for him to be with her, he had made up his mind. He developed a new habit, since Dini had insisted for him to go back to her father’s factory and resume his responsibility there, every day after he arrived from work, he would lock himself in the room and begin to write. He channeled all his anger and frustration towards developing his creativity. As soon as he finished rereading and editing it, he printed the manuscript and sent it to his publisher. Getting it printed wasn’t his first priority, but sharing his anger to the world was.
Guntoro’s head was pounding vigorously, he took some medicine then laid in his bed, his mind drifted to her, what is she doing? How is she feeling? Does she think about him? All these questions passed his mind. How long has it been since he last saw her? Too long. He quickly shook the thought away. This is wrong, very wrong.
There was a soft knock at the door, he tried to ignore it, closing his eyes and covering it with his arm. It didn’t stop. He drowsily got up and dragged himself to the door, opening it just a few centimeters. Dini was in front of his door, she was wearing the sexy pajamas that she had bought to wear on his birthday last year. She pushed the door and slowly walked into the bedroom, her eyes fixed on his.
Guntoro looked at her, she is truly a beautiful woman, her luscious lips were red and wet, her hair was flowing down her back, and like always, she smelt of floral perfume. Should he give her another chance? Should he pass this night with his wife to take the first step in patching up their differences? She walked closer to him, tiptoeing she put her arms around his neck and kissed the lobe of his ears. She removed her hand and began unbuttoning his shirt, then she slowly moved her lips to his and began kissing him passionately. Guntoro closed his eyes and kissed her back.
“I wonder how her lips taste like.” Guntoro thought, he jerked his eyes opened and pushed Dini sideways.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry…..” He said panicking, “I didn’t mean to have such indecent thoughts about you….”
“What?” She looked at him confused. “That’s kind of the point of it all.”
Guntoro turned around, “Dini…..this isn’t a good idea”
“What? Not a good…………who?” Dini looked at him furiously, “Were you imagining someone else? We were about to spend the night together and you were thinking about somebody else?”
“Go and cover yourself, if the maids see you, it would be very embarrassing!” He scolded.
“Embarrassing?” She repeated. She oened her eyes widely staring at him “Who is it? Who were you fantasizing about?”
“Fantasizing? I would never! I’m not that kind of person! I’m not a man who will ever disrespect a young maiden like that.” He denied, his heart beating fast and face became red.
“A young maiden?” Dini’s voice was becoming higher and higher. “What maiden? Who is she? Where did you meet her? She’s the reason why you’ve been indifferent to me lately, isn’t she?”
“Dini, I don’t want to fight! I have a headache, I want to get some sleep. Tomorrow I have to be at the factory very early.” He said.
Dini stood in silence for a moment, “So my worries were right all along, I've always feared that you would try to find another woman, a virgin, to re-compensate that you weren't the first man for me.”
Guntoro looked at her and sighed, “Dini, you know that I never held that against you! I’m not a chauvinistic man. When we got married, I loved you and accepted you just as you were. You were everything for me, all I cared for was our future together and not your past.”
“Then why are we growing apart now? Why have you changed?”
“And you haven’t? The woman I married didn’t see me as a useless womanizing man who could never make it without the help of her father.”
“You’re an expert at finding excuses! So you’re going to blame it all on me, are you? If you don’t smile to women left and right, I wouldn’t be like this.” She shouted.
“Keep your voice down! We don’t want the help to hear us fighting again.”
“If I see you as a useless man, it’s because you are! You just don’t admit it. Or are you going to deny that you could afford to buy all this because you work for my father? If it wasn’t for me, you’d be nothing! Just a small time factory worker. But look at you now, you’re a Director in a factory, you drive a nice car, have a big house. Who is this all thanks to? To me!”
“Yes, it’s all thanks to you. Thank you for constantly reminding me and making sure that everybody knows about it!” He said, rushing her to the door and closing it behind her, “Good night!”
Endang walked through the rice field, she kept count of the days he had left without even saying goodbye to her, a hundred and fifteen days. The rice field is now home to new plants as the harvest season had passed already. She walked to the hut and sat there, remembering how they used to spend time together talking and admiring the surrounding nature.
“nDang, let’s go! Volleyball practice is about to start soon!” Gatot shouted and waved at her in the distance.
She quickly dried her eyes and waved back “I’m coming!”
“This weekend is my parents’ wedding anniversary, I’m going back to Jember to celebrate with them.” Guntoro said as he put his briefcase down on the table.
Dini took her eyes off the magazine she was reading and looked at him sharply, “Then I’m going with you, if I let you go alone, you’ll be too happy with your young maiden and won’t come back.” She said.
“Suite yourself!” Guntoro replied indifferently.
“We’re going to stay in the usual hotel.”
“Whatever! Just make sure you reserve a separate room for me.”
He went inside his room to pack his clothes, he changed out of his work clothes and into something casual. He picked up his car keys and walked out, Dini was already waiting for him in the living room with her suitcase packed.
“I’m taking my own car, since you don’t like it, you are free to take the other car.” He said to her.
“I’ll ride that second hand junk with you.” She said.
“It may be a second hand junk, but it’s all I can afford with my book’s royalty.” He replied.
They walked to his five year old Toyota Corona, he didn’t bother to open the door for her like he did when they were dating, Dini noticed. She sat quietly in the passenger seat during the whole trip, as he didn’t try to speak to her either.
They arrived in front of his parent’s house. The house is exactly the same as when he was last here a few months ago. The motorcycle is parked in the front yard, with the two helmets hanging there. He looked at it sadly.
Guntoro opened the gate and entered followed by his wife. He knocked on the door. A few minutes later his mother opened the door. “Guntoro…..” She greeted him happily and kissed both his cheeks.
“Nak Dini, thank you for coming too.” She smiled kindly to her daughter in law.
“How are you, Ibu?” Dini asked. “Congratulations on your wedding anniversary.”
“Thank you….Come in, come in. How was the trip from Surabaya?”
“It was good, Bu.” Guntoro said, “Luckily my second hand junk performed well and got us here quick.” He said while glancing at Dini.
Bu Yuni pretended not to hear him, “Your father went to our mango plantation and hasn’t returned yet. My sister asked him to bring some mangoes when we go to their house this afternoon.”
Hearing Endang been mentioned, Guntoro’s heart started to beat faster, “Oh? You had plans to visit them?”
“Yes, Bapak has been having constipation lately, it’s because of his old age, very normal. And Endang thought that the fiber from the mangoes will help him feel a little better.”
“Ah, she’s very thoughtful as always.” Guntoro whispered.
“She is, she’s a very kind and thoughtful young woman.” Bu Yuni smiled. “I’m sure her boyfriend must be the happiest young man in this country.”
“Boyfriend………?” Guntoro’s voice sounded shaken.
“Well, I don’t know if they’re really boyfriend and girlfriend, but he comes to visit her every Saturday night, and also comes to pick her up for volleyball practice every afternoon, and takes her home afterwards. They look very good together, he’s quite a good looking young man. I hope they develop something serious in the future, I mean even though we’re at this day and age, but it’s still okay for a girl to get married as soon as she finishes high school. University is expensive, I don’t think Bapak can afford to pay for her tuition on his teacher’s pension. ” Bu Yuni took a deep breath, then turned her attention to Dini, “But enough about my sister, how are the two of you doing?”
“We are doing well, Bu” She replied.
“Excuse me for a minute, I’m going to the front yard.” Guntoro said. It was beginning to be hard for him to breath, and there was a sharp pain in his chest. He needed to get some fresh air to help him calm down.
So she has a boyfriend already. Apparently he’s feelings for her were just one sided. Well what could he expect? He was way older and married, while she was a teenager. It’s not strange that she would only see him as family. He walked to the motorcycle and punched the saddle.
“Eh Gun, when did you arrive?” Pak Koes walked in the gate holding a five gallon bucket in his hand. The bucket was full of ripe mangoes.
“Pak, just a few minutes ago.” Guntoro replied.
“How are things with you and your wife?” He asked again.
Guntoro shook his head, “Not so good.”
Pak Koes sighed and patted him on the shoulder. “I hope you find a solution soon.” He said to his son.
Guntoro nodded. He followed his father into the house.
“Nak Dini, how are you?” Pak Koes said seeing his daughter in law.
“Bapak, I’m fine thank you. That is a lot of mangoes.” She said while looking into the bucket.
“I picked some ripe ones and some half ripe. Endang said she will make some mango preserves for us.” He told them.
“We should head out now.” Bu Yuni said to her husband.
“I’ll take you in my car.” Guntoro said.
“Let’s go then, I’m sure Bapak, Ibu and Endang will be happy to see you. And together with your wife too.” She smiled at them.
Guntoro parked the car in the front yard of his grandparent’s house, he felt the palms of his hand sweating heavily and his throat was dry. He always sweats like this when nervous, and the thought of seeing her again made him nervous.
They got off the car and entered the house. Pak Bakrie greeted them happily, not expecting his grandson and wife to visit him. For him it was a very pleasant surprise. Bu Yuni went to the kitchen to make refreshments for them. Guntoro glanced left and right trying to get a glimpse of Endang, but she was nowhere to be seen.
They exchanged pleasantries, talking about light subjects. Bu Yuni came in with a tray in her hand filled with tea and mangoes already peeled and diced for her father to enjoy. As she finished putting the cups on the table, her eyes caught sight of something outside.
“Isn’t that Endang and Gatot?” She wondered, “What’s wrong with her? Why is she bleeding from her knee?” She murmured worriedly.
Guntoro turned around and looked outside. Gatot was helping Endang get off the bicycle. Her knee was bleeding and she was grinning in pain. Instinctively he stood up and rushed outside, “What happened?” He asked.
“She fell during volleyball practice, Mas.” Gatot replied.
Endang didn't expect to see him standing in front of her. Her head felt light because of the sudden clash of emotions in her heart, she almost fell backward. Guntoro quickly moved forward, he scooped her up in his arms and carried her towards the house.


Chapter Seventeen

“Why are you here?” She asked.
“It’s my parents’ anniversary, I thought I would give them a surprise visit.” He replied.
“Oh….” She looked down calming her heart that was about to explode.
Guntoro walked in the door and placed her gently on a chair.
“Endang what happened?” Her mother asked.
“I had an accident during volleyball practice, Bu.” She replied, “It’s nothing serious, nothing to be worried about.”
“Where is the medicine box?” Guntoro asked.
“It’s in Endang’s room, let me get it.” Bu Yuni quickly ran inside.
“It’s just a flesh wound, it’s not a big deal,” Dini said while looking at Endang from her seat.
Endang looked at her then at Guntoro, “You’re right, this wound isn’t what hurts.” She whispered.
Bu Yuni came back holding the small box in her hand. She gave the box to Guntoro, gesturing him to tend to the wound. Guntoro kneeled in front of Endang, he carefully cleaned it and applied the medicine. “You know as her boyfriend you should have taken better care of her.” He looked sharply at Gatot as soon as he finished putting on the bandage.
“Eh? Boyfriend?” The young boy’s eyes beamed. “Are you saying that you approve for us to date?”
“Gun, don’t give him any ideas.” His grandfather said, “This boy already doesn’t have any shame, showing up here every day to court your aunt. Don’t give him any encouragement.”
“So the two of them aren’t ….” He glanced at his mother.
“Tot, are you sure it’s okay for you to leave your bicycle outside, why don’t you park it on the terrace.” Bu Yuni pretended to be busy with other things.
“Mas Koes, I see that you brought some mangoes,” Endang said looking at the plate in front of her father.
“The guys from our volleyball team said that they will be coming here later to see how you’re doing, we could go the hut and make mango salad.” Gatot beamed cheerfully.
“You’re not going to bring my daughter to any hut, young man!” Pak Bakrie warned him off. Making Gatot shrink in distress.
“Bapak, Nak Gatot has nothing but good intentions to Endang, that’s why he is courting her up front in front of you.” Pak Koes intervened.
“Pak, this is not the first time I had a gathering with my friends in the rice field.” Endang pouted.
“But before I didn’t know that there was a young man in the group who was interested in you,” Pak Bakrie argued.
“How about this, since Gun and Dini are here, why don’t they go with them,” Bu Yuni suggested.
“But the sun is very hot…” Dini complained.
“You can stay here then, I’ll go with them.” Guntoro smiled at Gatot, “Do you have your guitar?”
“No, but I live nearby, and I can go quickly and get it. And I’m going to buy the other ingredients.” He replied. Ready to accommodate Guntoro as his only ally in succeeding to court Endang.
When Gatot left, Endang got up and went into the kitchen, the last thing she wanted was to see Guntoro and Dini together in front of her, even though she knew very well that was the natural order of things.
She packed the green mangoes quickly in a plastic bag, grabbed a knife and limped out to the rice field, she sat in the hut alone. These past few months she had been sensible and reasonable, making herself understand that he wasn’t for her and that it was wrong of her to keep her feelings for him. This hut had become her regular hideout when she wanted to count the days and try to forget him. She always succeeded in convincing herself that she had to focus her energy in studying and doing positive activities. She hardly cried, although the urge never faltered, but usually it was a tear drop or two down her face then she could compose herself. But today for some strange reason, her tears didn’t want to stop, they just kept flowing and flowing.
“Why do we have to go to the field with a bunch of country bumpkins?” Dini protested grabbing Guntoro as he stood in the front yard alone wondering where Endang disappeared to.
“Nobody said you have to go, you can head back to the hotel,” Guntoro said.
“Is she one of your aunt’s friends?” Dini interrogated.
“What in the world are you talking about?”
“The young girl you’re always thinking about. The one who stole you away from me.”
“Dini, enough with the paranoia!” Guntoro was beginning to feel impatient, “Even though we’re still legally husband and wife, but there’s nothing between us anymore, at least on my part. If it was up to me, we would have divorced as soon as I got back from Jember!”
“She must be one of the girls in the group.” Dini murmured to herself. “When I find her, I’ll teach her a lesson, she’ll never forget.”
“Mas and Mbak, why are you still here? Everybody is already at the hut.” Gatot said from his bicycle, “I’ll head over there first.”
Guntoro walked towards the back of the house, leaving his wife to follow behind him. He knew very well where the hut was, remembering that he spent many happy afternoons there.”
From the distance, he could see a group of people was already sitting in the hut, and a very familiar figure was among them, a figure that had filled his mind and dreams these past months.
He hurried towards them. “Good afternoon.” He greeted.
“Mas….Mas Guntoro, we didn’t know that you came here to visit.” They greeted him familiarly.
“How are you guys? It’s been some time since I’ve seen you.” He smiled.
“Mas, who is that fairy from heaven behind you?” A girl shouted out, seeing Dini who was standing behind him.
“That is Mas Guntoro’s wife, Mbak Dini.” Gatot presented.
“Wah, Mas, who would have guessed that you are a very lucky man.” She looked at Dini with admiration, followed by the loud chatter of agreement from her friends.
“Mas Gun.” Gatot called out, “Your wife might be a beautiful fairy from heaven and all, but for me, there’s nobody more beautiful than my Endang Pergiwa[36] here.” He said while pulling on Endang’s hand.
Guntoro didn’t like the way Endang smiled and blushed at the boy’s dimwitted and cheesy pick up phrase, “You need to grow some muscles and a mustache first before claiming to be Gatotkaca. ” He said.
The group booed and hooted at him, “Tot, aren’t you tired of chasing around a girl who’s never interested in you?” A girl said out loud.
“True love is not about possessing,” Gatot said.
“Okay, okay stop it with this stupid discussion about love.” Endang interrupted harshly. “We should dig into the salad before the air makes it insipid.”
“Bu Lik, do you know if there’s any of your friends who is close to mas Gun?” Dini said after she succeeded in sitting close to Endang.
“Well, there’s Gatot and Adi, they are close to him, they used to play volleyball together when Dik Gun stayed here for a few months,” Endang said while pointing at the two boys.
Dini looked at her in annoyance, “I mean girls, are there any girls, who were close to him….”
“Oh….girls….no, none.”
“Are you sure?” She asked again.
“Positive, Dik Gun was always with me when he stayed here, I don’t think that he had time to be close to any girls.” Endang answered positively.
Dini looked at her cuttingly, “He was with you all the time?” She asked.
“Yeah. My father told me to accompany him.”
Dini doubted for a while, there was a slight doubt and suspicion in her mind. Then she continued. “I hope you’re not trying to cover up for him. You should tell me honestly if he is close to anybody. For the sake of ….of the sake of this child, I’m carrying in my stomach.”
Endang’s heart dropped to the ground, “You are expecting child?” She asked.
“It’s only natural, isn’t it? Married couples will have children sooner or later.” Dini smiled.
“How….how far are you in the pregnancy?”
“Two months.”
“Congratulations, then.” Her voice quivered, “I guess I’m going to be called Mbah soon. I’ll have a grandson or granddaughter.”
“For the sake of this baby, you would help me by telling me if Mas Gun is really fooling around with one of your friends or not, wouldn’t you?" Dini's eyes shined cunningly.
“Of course,” Endang whispered. “Excuse me, I’m going to throw these mango peels away.”
She climbed down from the hut and ran to the edge of the rice field. The pain in her knee seemed to have melted away, concealed by the pain in her heart. She tossed the peel onto a pile of dried leaves that somebody had swept into a little mound in the corner of the small grass opening. She dropped to the ground and began to cry. She was angry at herself to feel sad and upset about this very good news. Isn’t this a cause for the whole family to rejoice? She’s sure that her sister had been waiting for a grandchild for so long. Her parents will also be extremely happy knowing that they will meet their great grandchild before they die. She hated herself for being selfish, for only thinking about herself and her own feelings.
Unexpectedly there was a rustling sound behind her, she tried to hide her tears, but they just wouldn’t stop falling. She froze when she felt that somebody kneel behind her and hug her from behind. “Why are you crying?” Guntoro whispered in her ear.
She shook her head. Not knowing what to say or what to do. She knew that she should push him away, but his embrace was warm and comfortable. She turned around halfway and buried her face in his shoulder.
Guntoro caressed her hair gently, “What happened?” He asked again.
“I feel embarrassed to talk about it, can you just let me cry for a while?” She asked without lifting her face.
“Of course.” He whispered.
“He actually loves me like a little sister,” she told herself. “He’s kind and warm and cares for me. I’m such an ungrateful and shameless person to betray him and the rest of my family like this.” Endang realized that she owed her life to his family. His grandparents had raised her like their own child, his parents had always cared for her since she could remember, and he had always been one of her best friends. And now, at the happiest moment of his life, she’s feeling angry and jealous, instead of being happy and celebrating with him.
She raised her head and forced a smile, “Thank you.” She said softly.
“Do you want to tell me what’s wrong, so I can …”
“Nothing’s wrong.”
“I saw you speak with Dini then headed off this way, that’s why I followed you here. Did she say anything to offend you?”
“No, no she didn’t.” She paused took a deep breath and smiled, “Dik Gun, Dik Dini told me the good news. I’m very happy for you. I’m sure that Mbak Yuni and Mas Koes will be very excited to hear about it. Also Bapak and Ibu. They have been worried about this, but now they don’t have to worry anymore.”
“What are you talking about?”
Endang sprang up from the ground, “You can count on me to help you with anything. Since everybody has almost left, I’m going back to the house to make some mango preserves and sweets. I think that would be good for Dik Dini. Yes, for someone in her condition, there’s nothing better than mangoes. When are you leaving?”
“Tomorrow afternoon.” He answered.
“Then there’s more than enough time, okay, I’ll get to work, I’ll see you later.”
Guntoro didn’t understand what she was rambling about. Before he knew it, she had already left and ran away towards the house.
“What the……” He said to himself.
For the rest of his stay Guntoro never caught sight of her again.
“Hello….” Guntoro said picking up his cellphone, “Oh Ibu…”
“Gun, why didn’t you tell us about it, why did I have to hear about it from Endang?” His mother scolded him.
“About what Bu?” Guntoro didn’t understand what his mother was talking about.
“About the baby, why didn’t you tell me that Dini is expecting?”
“What?” Guntoro gasped. “How did she get that idea?”
“Oh, she heard it from Dini herself. Dini told her about this news when you were in the rice field. Your wife gave her the good news that she was two months pregnant.”
“Bu, there’s no way Dini could be two months pregnant, we haven’t been together ever since I left the house.” Guntroro thought for a while, “Bu, do you think that’s why she made five big jars of mango preserves and other mango sweets for Dini?”
“Yes, it was. She was very upset that you supported Dini when she refused to take them. And it was also cruel what Dini did, telling her that country people’s food are disgusting and could make her sick. You should have said something, you should have scolded her for offending Endang, don't you know how much time and energy she dedicated to make those treats? Now the girl avoids any conversation that mentions your name, and if she does speak about you, she acts as if you were some kind of plague. She’s trying to make herself hate you, and sooner or later she’s going to succeed.”
“It was my fault, Bu. I was acting immature, I was angry at her for disappearing on me, while all I wanted was to see her and be near her. And also I just wanted to avoid an argument with Dini, Bu. You know how she is." Guntoro swallowed his saliva, "Bu, can you tell her that it isn’t true, that Dini can’t be pregnant with my baby?”
“I’ll tell try. I have to find the right opportunity. But you are aware that I can only say that Dini is not pregnant, about the reason why she isn’t pregnant that’s a taboo subject to talk about with a young maiden like her. Although I don’t think that it will make much difference. Gun, you know I love you, you’re my only son. And I’ve made it clear that I support your feelings for Endang. But from the bottom of my heart I have to tell you, as long as you’re still married, forget about her. You’re only going to hurt the poor girl.”
“Bu….”
“It’s for the best, Gun.”
Endang jumped up and hit the ball with her right hand. A loud whistle blew and a man’s voice called out, “Game Over!”
She jumped up and down happily, her friends gathered around her and gave her a big hug. “We should celebrate!” Siti said.
“Let’s see whose father can spare a few roosters for us to sacrifice,” Wati commented.
“Hey, Adi’s father! Let’s try to convince him to talk to his father.”
The group of girls walked to Adi and persuaded him with the sweetest voice they could make. “Fine, let’s see.” He said, “If he says no, then we’ll just kidnap one.”
They cheered and started walking behind him.
They gathered in front of a bonfire, the boys were roasting two whole birds while the girls were busy chatting with each other.
“Hey, the meat is ready!” Gatot shouted.
They cheered and attacked. “This thing is as hard as rubber!” Endang said while fiercely biting into the drumstick that she was holding in her hand.
“Careful not to break a tooth!” Someone shouted out.
“This is what you get for talking me into stealing two of my father’s rooster!” Adi said.
“Ndang, when’s Mas Gun coming back?” Gatot asked.
Endang shrugged her shoulder “I don’t know, and I don’t care.”
“What’s that about?” Siti asked
“He and his wife are arrogant jerks,” Endang said while looking to the distance.
“Well, his wife was arrogant, but Mas Gun never seemed to be.”
“They’re both the same, birds of a feather flock together!” Endang said, “And those two are just that, they’re birds of a feather, a pair of peacocks.”









Chapter Eighteen

Guntoro put his cell phone down, he leaned against his chair closing his eyes. Blaming himself for his indecisiveness. His cellphone rang again. “Hello,” He answered.
“Is this Guntoro?” A man’s voice was on the other side.
“Hey Wahyu, to what do I owe this miracle?” Guntoro answered.
“I was looking for your phone number, and I just found it a few days ago in my wallet. And because I decided to buy myself a cellphone, that’s why I’m testing it by calling you.”
“So, is this your number?”
“Yes, it is,” Wahyu replied. “Gun, I’ve been stationed here in Surabaya for two months now you know.”
“Oh really? Are you going to be stationed here permanently?”
“No, it’s a temporary, I’m going to be stationed in Malang!”
“You’re joking, right? Malang is in the middle of four mountains, how could there be a navy base there?”
“I’m serious, all cadets enter through the base in Malang, it’s the main entry hub for all naval soldiers.”
“Huh…I didn’t know that.”
“Gun, stop wasting my minutes on stupid questions, the reason why I called you is I wanted to know if we could meet up for some drinks. And read between the lines here, I’m asking you to treat me to a drink.”
“Of course, where should I pick you up?”
Both men entered into the bar, some girls came up to them offering to accompany them to drink. Guntoro shook his head and shooed them away, he ordered two bottles of beer for them and chose a place to sit.
“I can’t believe you made those girls go away,” Wahyu said.
“There’s nothing enjoyable about being in the company of women with x-ray vision.” He answered.
“What x-ray vision?”
“Their eyes can burn a hole through your pocket.”
Wahyu laughed. “I forgot, your taste now tends to go for the innocent country maiden type.”
Guntoro laughed, “It’s not a matter of taste or not. It’s about finding the right person, in the right place, and at the right moment.”
“So how’s the wife?” Wahyu asked while taking a gulp at his glass.
Guntoro shook his head. “The same old story.”
“Huh. I think the solution is up to you, you’re letting it drag on and on, you should man up and end it!”
“You’re right, but Dini said that if I dared to leave her, she’d kill herself.”
“Gun, dogs who bark don’t usually bite.”
“But I don’t know if I can take that risk. How can I live with myself if she does go through with her threat?”
“I understand where you’re coming from.”
“You know what happened this weekend? Dini told Endang that she was pregnant.”
“Man, aren’t you a crocodile? You’re in bad relationship, but you’re still eating from the same pond.”
“Are you crazy? I didn’t eat anything. Well, I almost did. But in the end I didn’t go through with it.”
“What happened?”
“I started thinking of someone else. But not in the sense that you’re thinking about.” He quickly added seeing his friend’s face.
“How would you know what I’m thinking about?”
“I know that grin.”
Wahyu laughed.
“But I’m sure you didn’t call me out to talk about my love life.” Guntoro glanced at him
“You’re right, I’m in a situation where I need a well-off friend.”
“What’s up?”
“My older sister, her husband just died last month. A heart attack.”
“My condolence.” Guntoro’s voice lowered.
“Her kids are still in high school and one in university. Her late husband was a lecturer in the state University in Malang, he was a big timer. Had a Ph.D. from overseas, held a dean position, they were well off.”
“So what’s the issue?
“Well, a few months before he died, he took out a loan to invest in a private university. Apparently a lot of the academic professional there do that. But now, since he died, my sister is left with the debt which obviously she can’t pay.”
“And what about his colleagues or the university he invested in? Can’t they take over his debts?”
“Well, business wise they told us that they are growing and getting good revenue, but they can’t afford to take over her debts, they’ve already used the money to expand, what they can do is give her the dividends every semester, which actually is a very good amount, but doesn’t help her cover the monthly overdue.”
“So you need me to take over the debts for your sister?”
“Yeah, consider it as taking over an investment, all my sister needs is to stop getting calls from debt collectors.”
“How much is the debt?”
Wahyu wrote it on the table with the condensation water from his beer glass.
Guntoro whistled lowly, “That’s quite a large amount of money.” He said.
“So?”
Guntoro took a deep breath, “I have some savings, but it doesn’t amount to that much, I suppose I can take a personal loan for the balance. The good thing is, if I suddenly died, Dini would be my widow and end up having to pay off my debts, so maybe that’s not such a bad thing.”
“Thanks, man…”
“What University is it?”
“It’s UUUU University.”
“Hey, that’s one of the biggest private Universities in the province.”
“Aren’t you glad to have me as a friend?”
“Where have you been? Why did you come home this late?” Dini was waiting for him in the living room. “You smell of alcohol.”
“I went out to have some drinks with my friend.”
“Ah, so you went to those places where you get sexy young girls to serve you drinks?”
“Yes I did,” Guntoro answered calmly.
“Mas Gun, you’re not even trying to deny it? How could you say that to my face?” She wailed.
“Dini, let me ask you something.” Guntoro paused, “Why did you tell my aunt that you were pregnant with my baby?”
“I just….I just wanted her to make sure that whoever her friend was who got involved with you, to know that you’re still my husband.”
“I don’t appreciate you using her like that. She has nothing to do with our relationship, don’t ever bother her again!”
“Mas Gun, why did you follow her to the other end of the field after I finished talking to her?” Dini fished. “And also, when I picked you up from Jember, I saw the two of you on the motorcycle, you weren’t acting like normal relatives.”
“Dini, I don’t feel like I need to answer anything to you. I can’t believe you still don’t understand till now that I’m here not because I want to be, but because you’re forcing me to stay.” Guntoro walked away heading towards his room.
“Mas Gun! I’m going to find out! If you won’t tell me, then I’ll make her tell me!”
Guntoro turned around and took several strides towards Dini and grabbed her by the arm, “Don’t you even think of going near her.”
“Let go! Let go you’re hurting me.” She tried to pry his finger off.
“She’s innocent in this, don’t try to drag her into the middle of our relationship.”
“So it is her. How can she be innocent, a decadent young woman who gets involved with her married nephew. How did she succeed in seducing you? Did she offer herself to you? In exchange for what? Clothes? Jewels? Trips? For what?”
Guntoro lifted his hand and was ready to swing it towards her face, but he held himself back.
“Dini, you can say all you want about me, you can humiliate me, degrade me and insult me. Do whatever makes you happy, but leave her out of this. Don’t mess with her. Or I won’t ever forgive you!” He stepped backward.
“Mas Gun! You don’t know what I’m capable of doing! I’ll never forgive you and her! I’ll never forgive the two of you!” Dini threatened.
“Pak Guntoro, Pak Winarto wants to see you in his office!” His father in law’s secretary said through the phone.
“I’ll be there in a few minutes.” He said finishing the data analysis in his computer. He stood up and walked to the big office at the end of the hall. He knocked on the door and entered. He was not surprised to see his wife sitting there.
“Guntoro, sitdown, I’ll be with you in a minute.” The big man sitting behind the desk said.
Guntoro sat down in one of the chairs in front of the desk. He waited, already able to guess what his father in law wanted to talk to him about.
“How are your parents?” Pak Winarto asked.
“They are fine, thank you for asking.” He replied.
“I have a meeting in half an hour, so I’ll just get to the point.” He said, “I’m concerned about your relationship with Dini. She came to tell me that you’re not putting enough effort to resolve the problems between the two of you. I hope you understand, that she’s my only daughter, and all I want is to see her happy. You should try to understand her and be more……. should I say…… compliant towards her. Do you understand?”
“I….I do….” Guntoro said softly.
“My daughter loves you very much, you know if it wasn’t for her who insisted that I pay more attention to your work, I would have never realized that you were such a talented person, and could one day even become the General Manager for this company.”
“…..”Guntoro remained indifferent.
“Try to complacent her more. And listen, as a man, I understand that sometimes we feel the need to find a little excitement outside of the house, younger girls are quite a fascinating experience with their fresh and tight young bodies……….”
“Papa…..!” Dini shrieked.
“I’m sorry, I don’t think I like what you’re getting at…” Guntoro feeling offended by his words.
Pak Winarto looked at his daughter, “Dini told me that you confessed to her that you’re involved with a younger woman. As her father, of course I’m very upset, I feel that you should show more respect towards my daughter and not put her at the same level as some immoral teenager who is willing to let an older man have his way with her for money.”
Guntoro stood up briskly and turned to Dini, “I’ve always allowed you to look down at me and treat me as a parasite for the sake of our marriage. I gave all of me and more to make this matrimony work, but enough is enough! I’m not going to take this anymore. Didn’t I tell you not to involve her in this, I won’t sit here and listen to you and your father humiliate her in front of me. I resign from this job! Dini, this is the end for us!” He walked to the door.
“Mas Gun!” Dini called hugging him from behind to prevent him from leaving.
“Dini, don’t lower yourself and chase after that …that…ungrateful peasant.”
Guntoro turned around, “You’re right, I’ve allowed myself become a beggar, now it’s time I earn back my dignity! Oh and Dini, for your information, Endang is not some immoral teenager like you said she is, she’s the woman who is my one true love!”
“I won’t let you go, you can’t leave me!” Dini tried to block the door with her body. “You’re going to her aren’t you? You’re going to run into her arms and be with her.”
“Are you crazy? I’m not a pervert like your father! I’m not a man who will sexually prey on teenage girls.”
Guntoro drove back to the house and headed straight to his room, he threw his clothes in his suitcase, packed his laptop and other personal belongings then loaded it all in his car. He drove around town looking for a room for rent, one that would fit his current budget. He wondered around for three hours, before he found one with all the amenities he needed. The landlords were an elderly couple who were very kind, and not nosey, just as he needed. And what he liked most was there were only two other rooms in the building, meaning that it wasn’t a crowded place.
As soon as he finished bringing his belongings inside the room, he called his parents to let him know his current condition.
“Leaving your house doesn’t mean that your problem is resolved, if you’ve decided to divorce your wife, then make sure you go through all the necessary legal processes.” His father advised him.
“I understand, Pak.” He replied.
“Gun, you have to remember, our doors are always opened for you.”
“Thank you, Pak.”
He didn’t want to go back to Jember for several different reasons. One of which was Endang, he was afraid that if he saw he again he wouldn’t be able to control his emotions. He had promised himself to let her live her youth and being by her side, he might unwillingly impede that.
The other person he remembered to call was Wahyu, “Yu, I have a new bachelor pad now.” He said.
“Did you run away from home again?” Wahyu mocked.
“I didn’t run this time, I drove, and I took out all my things.” He replied, “I need your help, I need a witness for my divorce process.”
“Sure, count on me.”
“Thanks.”
The next three months Guntoro learnt two valuable lessons: When you think you’ve seen the worst of your partner during cohabitation, try getting a divorce, and getting divorced is a process more trying and painstaking than getting married. He swore to himself if he ever got married again it would only be to her, and he would make it last forever. No matter how long he had to wait for her. If he couldn’t have her, then he would just stay alone, to avoid all this crap from happening again.
“Like I’m going to believe that.” Wahyu laughed. “And what about if she falls for someone else, don’t tell me you’re going to save up all your seeds until the day you die. Or do you plan to leave your future kids on the bathroom ceiling?”
Guntoro threw a punch at his best friend’s arm, “No wonder my soap disappears so fast whenever you’re around.”
As always, Wahyu invaded his room while he was busy typing up his new manuscript. He stroked it lucky with his last one, as the publisher only required a little edition and it was ready to be published. The public’s reception was also good, his book had the potential to hit number one best seller. Of course, because of his current marital process, he decided to use a pen name, just in case Dini or her father had any shady intensions towards him.
“I envy you, with all your talent, you get to work from your room and not having to clock in your time every day.”
“I don’t see you clock in every day either,” Guntoro replied with a joke. “But I really need to find another job. Although I have an income, but being cooped up in here with only seeing the likes of you once in a while, drives me crazy.”
“Maybe you should contact the University, maybe they would have a position for you.”
“How should I do it, make a recommendation letter for myself? Remember that the investment was made under a company name to avoid potential clawing from my soon to be ex-wife.”
“Man, I don’t understand how you got involved with a scary woman like that, she won’t be happy until she leaves you on the streets in your underwear.”
“That’s just goes to show that a beautiful face, rich parents, and high education doesn’t mean that a marriage will be a perfect one.”
“But the irony of everything was that she tried to take a bite out of your first book’s royalty and ended up having to put the house and car as part of the divorce settlement.”
“Yeah, it’s not like she needed any of that, I mean she’s the only daughter of a millionaire.” Guntoro thought for a while. “She can have all of that for all I care, the thing that I want most at this moment is to have her out of my life.”
“Hey, what about your little country maiden? How is she?”
“She’s good, she’s in the second year of high school already.”
“Have you ever spoken to her?”
Guntoro shook his head solemnly, “When I go to visit, she avoids me all the time, and she refuses to listen to anything that involves me. I don’t know if she knows that I’m separated yet, because when my grandparents or parents try to even hint a discussion that involves me, she’ll just stand up and leave.”
“Hmm, this is my point of view, if she keeps trying to avoid you, or avoid conversations concerning you, then she still thinks a lot about you. Do you know what the opposite of love is?”
“Hate?”
“No, indifference! If she is able to look you in the face without one drop of emotion, then you know for sure that she doesn’t care about you anymore, but as long as she still tries to avoid you, then trust me, she’s still as in love with you as you are with her.”
“It’s easy for you to say! Try being in my position and see if you can stay calm.”
Guntoro jumped at the sudden vibration on his desk. His Cellphone was ringing. “Hello….” He answered.
“Gun….Gun…..”His mother was calling, she was crying on the phone.
“Gun, it’s your grandfather, he’s in the hospital, he had a heart attack. It was because of that woman, she came here and told him about you and Endang.”

Chapter Nineteen

“Yu, I have to go back to Jember right now.” Guntoro said after he hung up the phone. “Where’s my car keys.”
“What’s wrong, I heard your mother crying?”
“It’s my grandfather, he’s in the hospital. He had a heart attack.”
“You shouldn’t drive, I‘ll come with you, give me the keys. I’ll drive.” Wahyu said firmly.
Guntoro threw him the keys and they both headed out to the car.
“Can’t you go faster?” Guntoro almost yelled at Wahyu.
“Gun, get a hold of yourself.” Wahyu said looking at his friend’s restlessness. “We don’t want to get into trouble for speeding, or get into an accident too.”
“I know, I’m sorry, I’m just….I can’t think straight….sorry.” He clutched his fist, “It’s that woman again, I swear if anything happened to my grandfather, I’ll make her pay.”
Guntoro rushed through the door of the intensive care unit, he jumped to the front desk and asked the nurse who was on duty where his grandfather was being treated. She directed him towards the back of the hospital. He walked as fast as he could, from a distance he could see his mother, father and Endang standing in front of one of the rooms, he hurried towards them.
“How is he?” He almost screamed.
“We don’t know yet, Ibu is inside with him.” His mother said while crying.
“Was it Di…”He was about to ask, when his father signaled him to be quiet, discretely pointing towards Endang.
Guntoro paced back and forwards. He caught sight of Endang sitting quietly in a chair, her eyes were swollen, and her breathing was heavy. He sat beside her silently.
“He is going to be alright, isn’t he?” She whispered
“Of course he is, he’s a very strong man.”Guntoro whispered.
“When I went to school this morning, he was alright, he was going to the field and he even scolded me for running back into the house to get my book that I left in my room. Then suddenly after lunch break, my teacher called me to the office and Mas Koes was there to tell me that Bapak was hospitalized.”
“The best thing for us to do now is pray that everything will be alright, we can’t lose hope.” Guntoro coaxed her.
“Pak, what did the doctor say?” He asked his father
Pak Koes shook his head, “They’re assessing him to see if he would need a surgery or not.”
Guntoro nodded, Wahyu appeared a few minutes later, “Pak Lik, Bu Lik, how are you?” He greeted them shaking their hands.
“Nak Wahyu, thank you for coming.” Pak Koes said softly. “Gun, why don’t you come with me to buy some coffee for your mother?”
He followed his father to the cafeteria, “Gun, we need to talk.” Pak Koes said while pointing to a table in the far corner of the cafeteria.
Guntoro nodded pulling out a chair and sat down. “Bapak, was it true that Dini came to speak with Mbah Kakung?”
Pak Koes nodded, “Yes, according to Ibu, she came this morning, she was angry and she was actually looking for Endang. Luckily Endang had already left for school. She made such a scandal that all the neighbors came to the house to see what had happened. She told everyone that you and Endang were having a relationship, and that she was the cause of your separation. She even alleged that the two of you have had intimate relations during the time you were here. Ibu tried to calm her down, but she became even more hysterical.”
“Pak, that’s not true…” Guntoro.
“Gun, you don’t have to explain to me. I’m your father, I raised you, and I know that you’re not someone who would do something like that.”
“Then how did Bapak end up getting a heart attack?”
“One of the neighbors went to the field to find him, he came running back home, and tried to calm your wife, but she was too hysterical. She started insulting Edang, insulting Bapak and Ibu, she said that they raised a loose and immoral girl. Bapak was angry and upset, defending our family’s honor, and because of the stress, he suddenly collapse.”
Guntoro covered his face with both palm of his hand. “I never thought that Dini would be so crazy to do something like that.”
“Gun, Endang doesn’t know about what happened in the house, she doesn’t know about Dini going there and saying all those things. The problem is her reputation in front of the neighbors has been ruined, you know how they always talk about what happened to her biological parents, now, I’m afraid the gossip about her will get worse.”
Guntoro nodded in silence.
“Your mother and I, we’ve watched her grow up ever since she was a baby, she’s very dear to us. We don’t want her to get hurt because of this situation. Before you arrived, your mother and I have talked, and we’ve decided to bring her to live with us. Tomorrow I’m going to start with the process to transfer her school to the one near our house. We’ve also decided that she shouldn’t go back to Bapak’s house to prevent her from hearing those mean rumors.”
“I understand, Pak.”
“Gun, after we have settled this problem, I want you to keep your distance from her. If you keep trying to be close to her, this problem might happen all over again.”
Guntoro looked at him with disbelief, he wanted to protest, but he knew that his father was right. He quietly nodded his head.
“Gun, I know it’s hard for you. But you have to understand, this is for her own good. It’s not fair if she has to go through this situation at her age. Gun, the truth is I don’t know what you think you feel for her. But from one man to another, I advise you not to rush things. After you’ve finished the process of separation with your wife, I think you should take the time to reorganize your own life. Look at Wahyu, he has a stable job, maybe he doesn’t earn much, but at least his family has something to depend on every month, a good health plan and not to mention that he will get a pension after he retires. You should start thinking about taking him as a good example.”
“You’re right, Pak.” Guntoro whispered.
“Gun, when you decide to build another family, you should be sure that you have the means to respond for them. Don’t let what happened with Dini repeat itself. Stand on your own two feet, don’t receive handouts from anyone. I’m sure that you can achieve great things if you put your mind to it.”
He stood up and patted his son on the shoulder. “About Endang, if she is meant for you, she won’t go anywhere. We should pick up that coffee now. I’m sure your mother is wondering where we are.”
They went back together to the ICU, everything was still the same. Guntoro handed a cup of coffee to his mother and another one to Endang. At this moment, he really wanted to hug her and comfort her, but his father’s words echoed in his ear. And he knew perfectly well that his father was right.
“Gun, I’m going home to my parent’s house, call me if anything.” Wahyu whispered to Guntoro.
“Thanks for driving me here, Yu.” He said.
“Everything will be alright, don’t worry.” He pated Guntoro on the shoulder.
Guntoro nodded.
The reality of life is, even in the most desperate and painful situation, life goes on. Pak Koes arranged for Endang’s school transfer, it wasn’t hard to persuade his mother in law that it would be better if they moved in with them. Not only will it help in Endang’s circumstances, but also for Pak Bakrie, living in his daughter’s house he would receive better care.
Pak Bakrie’s situation was not as dire as they had feared. He was soon moved to a bed in one of the pavilions. Once he had enough strength to speak, his son in law told him about their plan and he agreed, knowing well that it was the best option for everyone. The only condition that he had was that Pak Koes should find somebody to work for them tending the rice field.
“Pak, for your sake, I think the best option is to rent out the land. That way you don’t have to worry about the rice plants and just receive the annual rent fee.” He suggested.
“Koes, I think that’s a good idea. I’ll leave it in your hands to deal with this matter, and since we’ll be living with you, please use the money to pay for our living expenses.”
Pak Koes smiled, “Pak, don’t worry about your living expenses. Let’s just save up land rent money for Endang’s tuition fee. I want her to have a high education, so she can grow up to be a sophisticated lady.” He said.
Pak Bakrie nodded thanking his son in law. “I’m glad my daughter chose you as her husband.” He added, “Can you please call Guntoro, I need to talk to him in private.”
Pak Koes hesitated for a while, but nodded, “Of course, Pak. He’s still having lunch, as soon as he comes back, I’ll tell him that you want to talk to him in private.”
“Mbah, Bapak said that you wanted to talk to me.” Guntoro said while approaching his grandfather’s hospital bed, involuntarily his eyes wandered to the young girl standing beside the bed.
“Yes, Gun. Take that chair and bring it closer.” Pak Bakrie pointed to a metal chair in the corner then turned to his wife who was removing his plates. “Buk, I need to talk to Guntoro alone.”
“We’ll go and get some coffee,” She said while taking Endang by the hand and walking out together.
“Guntoro, I’m sure you’ve heard about what happened.”
“Yes, Mbah. My father told me about it. I’m sorry that you had to go through all this suffering because of me.”
Pak Bakrie laughed softly, “What are you talking about? You’re my only grandson, it’s my job to suffer for you.”
“Mbah….”
“Gun, I’m glad that you’ve divorce that woman. A wife who shouts out her husband’s shortcomings to the four winds is not a proper woman.” He said, “What she said about you and Endang…”
“Mbah, it’s not true. I never…..”
“I know, you don’t have to explain!” He patted Guntoro’s hand, “But I also know that you see her more than just family.” Guntoro didn’t answer.
“Are you sure about your feelings for her?” He asked.
Guntoro took a deep breath and nodded, “I’m sure.” He answered with conviction, “But I do agree with what my father said, that I’ve just recently left a very difficult relationship, and I should take some time before I start another one.”
“Your father is a very intelligent man, you should listen to him.” Pak Bakrie nodded, “Gun, this incident made me think about my mortality. I’m very old, and I could be called back any time….”
“Mbah, please don’t talk like that.”
“Death is going to come whether we talk about it or not. It’s the people who will go on living that we have to think about. In my case, the one I worry most about is Endang because she’s still so young, and she doesn’t have anybody in this world except us.”
“Mbah, I promise that I will stop from……”
“I want you to marry her when she’s old enough!”
“Huh?” Guntoro looked up.
“Why? Do you object to it?”
“No, not at all. I’m………” Guntoro couldn’t find what word to say.
Pak Bakried laughed softly, “Because I’m her father, it’s my responsibility to find a good husband for her, if she marries any other man, how could I be sure that after I die, she wouldn’t be mistreated and suffer, but you’re my own grandson, if she marries you, I know that you will take good care of her and make her happy.”
“Mbah, I promise that I won’t disappoint you,” Guntoro said.
“Good, so you have until she graduates, your father wants her to go to university which I think is a good idea. You’ll have more than enough time to sort out your life and make sure that you will be a husband who gives everything his wife needs and wants.”
“I understand, Mbah.”
“But don’t tell Endang about this, I don’t want to make her worry, thinking that I’m going to die anytime soon. I might be old, but I still have a lot of life in me….” He paused, “As long as I don’t meet your ex-wife ever again.”
“Why are you smiling all the time like an idiot?” Wahyu asked seeing Guntoro smiling to himself from time to time while drinking his beer.
“Why? Should I be crying? He responded sarcastically.
“Are you trying to make a move on a girl?” Wahyu looked around them, from left to right, in front of them and behind them. “No pretty girls in sight.”
“Who says, I’m making a move on a pretty girl?” Guntoro replied.
“You’re strange.”
“I’m leaving Surabaya soon, I’m going to try my luck in Malang. I’ve written to the university and they’ve agreed to give me a teaching job, part time.” Guntoro explained.
“Good for you. Have you found a place to live?”
“I’m thinking of renting a house, so I’ll be driving there this weekend to look for one.”
“I’ll get my nephew Rahmat to help you, his a smart kid. Since my sister moved back to Jember, he’s living in a boarding house there in Malang while he studies.”
“Great!”
“But your smile doesn’t say that you’re happy because you’re starting a new job.” Wahyu continued to interrogate him.
“What do you mean? How am I smiling?”
“I don’t know, it’s kind of perverted. Oh, I know! You’ve found a new girlfriend, haven’t you?”
“I’m not even looking for one. I have to save myself for my future wife.”
“How could you find a future wife, if you don’t look for a girlfriend first?”
Guntoro smiled again, annoying Wahyu even more.
“I suppose if I had to go fasting for so long I’d end up crazy like you too.”
Endang sat on the bed looking around the room. Her sister had told her to use Guntoro’s room. Traces of him was still there. His toys from when he was a boy, photos of him in high school with his friend, and even his high school note books, with his scribbly writing in it. She didn’t want to touch anything or make any changes. Perhaps only to the posters of scantly clothed girls on motorcycles which she tore off the wall, threw it on the floor, jumped on it and viscously burnt it in the yard. “Pervert!” She fumed.
While tidying up the closet she accidently found a lose photograph, her heart ponded at the image in the photo, Guntoro and Dini when they were still dating.
“They look good together,” she thought “His handsome and she’s beautiful.” Her heart was filled with jealousy and sadness.
She realized that she’s been acting like an owl longing for the moon[37]. She was just an adopted child to the family, how can she dare to fall in love with him. Besides, how can she think to compare herself to his beautiful high-class wife, and even though they had divorced like her sister said, it was obvious what type of women he preferred.
Endang crumpled the photograph and threw it to the rubbish bin. She sat quiet for a while thinking about her life. She was very fortunate that she was adopted by her parents and given a good education. They even promised to send her to college, she should show her gratitude by knowing her place and stop dreaming of impossible things. She promised herself that from now on, she would study extra hard to make her adoptive family happy. She made it her purpose to forget about Guntoro.
“One day I’ll meet someone who will suit me,” she thought. “That’s right, a simple, humble man for a simple and humble woman like me.”


Chapter Twenty

Guntoro loved living in Malang, it wasn’t as hot as Surabaya and definitely not as crowded. Things were looking up for him, the teaching job, his books, but not in love.
He could only settle with seeing her every now and then at his parents’ house, and most of the time she would disappear, hiding out in the kitchen or out in the mango plantation or any other place except around him. Guntoro told himself to be patient, he had promised his father that he would not do anything to disrupt her studies, and he was determined to keep it, telling himself to feel satisfied with seeing her from afar and looking at photos of her.
But he never got disheartened. Instead, he focused on his work and career. His books were a success and brought him a good income, but he always kept in mind the advice of his father. Sure being a bestselling author brought him money, but how sustainable would that be? New books get published every day, bringing forward new authors with different literature styles, he can never know when his star would dim out. When the opportunity came forward he added his investment to the University as it had proven to be a dependable income.
“Mat, I need your help to find me a house.” He said to Rahmat, who he had hired to be his personal assistant, the young man needed some income as he didn’t want to be a burden on his mother anymore. And Guntoro could use somebody to run his errands for him.
“Don’t you like the one you’re currently renting?” Rahmat asked.
“No, I want to buy one, look for some houses near the campus for me to look at. Make sure that they have a spacious kitchen, Endang likes to cook, so I’m sure she’ll appreciate the space. Oh, and also it should have a big garden, she would love it since it would remind her of her parents’ house in the country.”
“Is Mbak Endang going to decide which house you’re going to buy?” Rahmat asked.
“No, but I want to buy one that she would immediately fall in love with.”
“How many bedrooms should it have?”
“Two or three, I think we could renovate after we have children, to accommodate rooms for them.”
“Ah okay.”
“nDang, have you considered what you would want to study in University?” Pak Koes asked his sister in law.
The whole family gathered in the living room. Endang felt as if she was on trial with all the four elders sitting in front of her. “I want to study something within the natural sciences area, but I’m still not sure what it would be.” Endang responded.
“I think it would be a good idea if you studied agriculture, we come from a rural community and our family have been cultivating the land for generations. I think if you study agriculture, it would be like continuing our family’s tradition.” Pak Bakrie said.
Endang nodded her head. “Agriculture seems like an interesting subject,” She replied.
“I will talk to Guntoro about it, and see what he thinks,” Pak Koes said to his father in law.
“Yes, I think we have to do that, we can’t make any decisions on Endang’s future without consulting Guntoro first,” Pak Bakrie added.
Endang wondered why they had to bring him into the discussion, but she then she realized, their family is quite small and every single member’s opinion is important. Especially being the youngest, age wise, she had to listen to the opinion of the older and wiser.

“I think it’s great that she wants to study agriculture.” Guntoro beamed. “I will make a letter of recommendation for her to be accepted in UUUU University, and since I teach in the Agriculture University I can help keep an eye on her progress.”
“But a private university is expensive, Gun. The money from the land rent won’t be enough to cover the tuition. I was thinking that it’s better for her to apply to a state university. She still has time to study in cram school to prepare for the entrance exam.” Pak Koes said on the other side of the line.
“I’ll pay for her tuition until she graduates,” Guntoro replied.
“Are you sure? Pak Koes doubted.
“Of course, I’m sure.”
“Gun, if she does go to Malang to study, you are aware that she can’t live with you. The two of you aren’t married yet, even though she is your “aunt”, but we know that’s not how you see her. She will have to go to a boarding house.”
“I agree, Pak. I will find a boarding house for her and I’ll also cover the monthly rent.”
“Okay, then the land rent money could be used for her living cost.”
“Bapake Gun, why does Endang have to study in University, why can’t we have them marry as soon as she finishes high school?” Bu Yuni protested. “If we wait for a few more years, Guntoro might dry up and can’t have kids anymore. I want to hold my grandchildren already!”
“Yun, don’t be silly, men don’t dry up.” Pak Koes frowned.
“You know what I mean!” She pouted.
“Yun, when she graduates high school she’ll be eighteen, I don’t think she’d be ready to marry and have children, you have to have patience.”
“Mas Koes, I have a feeling that if we wait too long something will happen. Even if she doesn’t marry Guntoro right away, we should at least have them get engaged or something, I don’t see any sense in keeping this from her. I just don’t like it.”
“Yun, what can go wrong? Aren’t you exaggerating? Besides it is Bapak’s decision not to tell her about the marriage plans until she’s old enough, he doesn’t want her to be distracted from her studies.” Pak Koes scold his wife.
“Mas Koes, you mark my words, all your secrets will backfire on you. People should be upfront and straight forward.”
“University in Malang?” Endang was surprised. “But we don’t have any family in Malang.”
“Guntoro is one of the investors in that University, nDang. We have to take advantage of this situation.
Besides in case you haven’t been paying attention to what we’ve been saying about Guntoro, he lives in Malang now.” Bu Yuni explained.
Endang’s heart started to beat again. Hearing his name was always enough to stir her, and now they tell her that she’ll be living in the same city as him, she didn’t know whether to be happy or sad.
These past few years, she had put in all her effort to leave behind her feelings for him. Every time he came to town, she would go and hide away because the sight of him was enough to cause her distress. Distance has always been the comforting factor for her. And now he would only be a few steps away. How can she control herself to not go find him? And what happens if he has someone to replace Dini? How could she handle that?
“nDang, have you packed everything you’re going to need?” Bu Yuni asked.
Endang nodded while looking at the two suitcase on the bedroom floor. She didn’t have so many clothes, she had packed all the good one she owned.
“I’ll call Guntoro to help you carry your suitcase to the car.”
Endang nodded. Every single nerve cell in her body seemed to be on alert, just hearing movements at the door already made all her hair stand and her heart race. She turned around, he was standing at the doorway. She quickly turned her head to avid looking at him.
He entered, bent down and picked up her bag, “Are you ready?” He asked her kindly with his deep soothing voice.
Endang nodded without saying a word.
The boarding house that she would stay in was nice and clean. She liked it right away, everything was according to her taste. Her room also had a lot of sunlight, her roommate Riski goes to the same faculty as her, and was also a freshman. It all seemed perfect. As if everything had been arranged for her on purpose.
At first she would try to find Guntoro on campus, she would stand by the faculty window waiting for his car to pass by, or stand around in the hallway hoping to at least be able to catch a glimpse of him. But he never paid attention to her. To him it was as if she didn’t exist, he was too busy entertaining the girls who would flock around him.
Finally she realized that she was no different from all the other girls in the building who had a crush on him. She began to feel embarrassed of herself. To win back a little bit of pride and dignity, she began to act out. She’s pretended to dislike him in front of her friends and if she would have a chance to talk to him, she never missed the chance to remind him that in the family, she was his elder.
Guntoro couldn’t understand why she changed so much. The girl he was longing for and waiting for all these years is now so indifferent with him. Could it be that Wahyu was right? The opposite of love was indifference, and Endang in the end didn’t reciprocate his love. Guntoro didn’t lose hope, she was probably going through a phase, and if he had waited this long, he could wait a little bit longer to finally be with her.
Everything seemed to spiral downwards for Endang when she entered her second year. She took his class. Seeing him from a distance always took her back to their time together. Now he was right in front of her but out of reach. Every time he entered the classroom, she felt her soul being pulled down to a dark corner and chained there.
“nDang, I don’t understand why you’re always failing in statistics, Pak Gun is a good lecturer and he’s always ready to help everybody, why don’t you ask him if you don’t understand?” Riski asked while they were walking to the shop to buy something to drink
Endang shook her head, “It’s his voice that bores me, if I had to talk directly with him. I might fall asleep on the spot.” She claimed. She reached out for a bottle of soda on the wooden table but apparently somebody else had the same idea.
“Sorry.” He said. Endang looked at him. He was a tall slim young man, with thick glasses and curly hair.
"No problem.” She smiled kindly.
“Um…here, you can take it.” He handed her the bottle shyly.
“Thanks.” She accepted it, then walked away to pay the auntie who tended the shop.
She sat beside Riski to continue their talk, “I don’t know how anybody can dislike Pak Guntoro, his handsome, kind, and he has this deep voice that so dreamy.”
Endang secretly acknowledged her friends words but ended up saying, “I don’t see anything good about him! He’s stuck up, thinks he's the most handsome man in the world and smiles smugly at every girl who flocks around him. He's nothing but a peacock, he thinks he’s the prettiest bird in the jungle!”
Riski shook her head disapprovingly, “You’re so hateful.”
“Excuse me,” It was the young man again standing at Endang’s right-hand side. “My name is Widodo, may I know what your name is?”
“Me, I’m ending.” She said.
“I study finance, fourth year, what about you?” He asked her again.
“Agriculture, second.” She replied shortly.
“Endang would you mind if I came to talk to you, from time to time?”
“Eh? Sure, I guess.”
“Thanks.” He said while walking away.
“Oh, I think somebody has an admirer…..” Riski smiled at Endang mischievously.
“He was just being nice, that’s all.”
“No he wasn’t!” Riski insisted, “But I don’t approve, my best friend here is a very pretty young woman, and he’s not on the good looking side.”
“Ah, Ris, you should judge people by their heart, not by their looks.”
“Well, I prefer someone like Pak Guntoro, who is handsome inside and outside.” Riski smirked.
Endang took a deep breath, hearing his name always cuts her up inside.
Widodo would come by her faculty building to look for her every afternoon for three months. He was a very persistent young man. Before long it was clear to Endang and her friends that he had more than just friendly intentions towards her.
Endang was very reluctant to respond to his advances, but she didn’t want to seem rude. She strung him along, without rejecting or accepting.
Guntoro disliked the skinny guy who always haunting the faculty building looking for Endang. What hurt him the most, was that she seemed to respond kindly to that walking tree man. He tried everything he could do to get close to her without being too obvious about his intentions, but she just keeps running away from him. He peeked to the front of the faculty building from his desk. Here he was again, and she was talking to him, laughing and looking very comfortable.
Guntoro felt his heart boiling. He paced back and forwards, and finally decided to confront her. Guntoro
quickly walked out the door and headed to the front of the faculty building. He saw the two of them talking and headed straight to them, not paying attention to anything else. He was surprised to hear a little scream in front of him, he looked down and saw Bu Nunik on the floor.
“Pak Guntoro, why did you push me to the ground?” She whined.
“Bu Nunik, I’m sorry, I didn’t see you.” He apologized, “Here let me help you get up.” He extended his hand and helped her stand up.
“Ouch, my ankle, I think I sprained it.” She grimaced.
Guntoro took a deep breath, he glanced at Endang and Widodo who were standing a few meters away. He could see that she was looking at them. He wanted to go to her, but he couldn’t leave Bu Nunik alone after making her fall.
“I’ll help you to the office.” He said putting his arm around her shoulder to help her walk.
Endang felt like she had been hit by lightning on a bright sunny day, “I’m not feeling, well. I need to go home.” She said holding back her tears.
“I’ll walk you home.” Widodo offered.
“No!” She yelled. Realizing her inappropriate action, she quickly said, “I’m sorry, it won’t be necessary, excuse me.”
Endang didn’t wait for him to respond, she ran as fast as she could towards her boarding house. Her eyesight was blurry, her tears began to fall. When she arrived in her room, she dropped herself on the bed.
She suddenly jerked up, her eyes full of anger and resentment. How could she be so stupid? Enough already! She was well aware that all the feeling she had for him was one-sided, but she was such an idiot to keep longing for him.
She grabbed her cell phone and wrote a message, “I accept, let’s try to date.”
Guntoro sat alone in his room playing his guitar. She loved listening to him play. “I wonder if he plays the guitar for her.” He asked himself.
What did she see in him? Guntoro felt he was better in every way than that guy, but why would she fall for that skinny guy and not for him?
Guntoro thought for a while, he had enough of Endang running away from him and avoiding him. He had to put an end to all this stupidity and move on. He picked up his phone and called his father.
“She what?” Bu Yuni yelled at the top of her lungs. “I knew something like this would happen. I told you this would happen.” She yelled at her husband, “But did you listen to me? Did you? No! You men think you’re so smart, saying to yourselves, what would a housewife like me know?”
“Yun, calm down.” He coaxed. “Guntoro said that he will come back tomorrow to start the marriage registration process, he asked me to tell you to get Endang's documents ready, and he wants our help to make the preparations for the wedding.”
“Of course we have to help him, he waited for her patiently all these years and did everything for her. It would be stupid of him to let her go now.” Pak Bakrie agreed.
“So Bapak had a heart attack and had to leave the house was all because of me?” She asked sadly.
“No, it wasn’t because of you, it was because of me. I didn’t want you to know because I was afraid that you’d feel guilty over something that was out of your control. Dini used that to blackmail me to let her stay here.”
“Mas, I want to go to Jember, I want to tell everybody how much I love them and how much I’m grateful for everything they had done for me.”
“Of course, we can go home this weekend.” He hugged her tightly and caressed her hair.
“I can’t believe that it was you who was behind our sudden wedding,” Endang said without lifting her head from his chest.
Guntoro nodded and smiled slyly, “Of course, a man has to protect what's his, doesn't he? I'd be stupid if I just sat around doing nothing while somebody steals my woman right under my nose. Besides it should've been obvious, if neither the bride nor groom submitted the marriage registration documents, the marriage couldn’t happen, could it?”
“How can you say it so easily without a single trace of guilt?” She pouted.
“All is fair in love and war.” He replied, sitting her down on his lap and kissing her passionately. “I’m happy that you finally admit you felt the same way about me all this time.” He whispered.
"You tricked me and manipulated me, that wasn't very nice!" She said while pulling her head back.
"I won't apologize for it." He replied. "I'm not sorry that I did everything and anything necessary to marry my one true love!"
"You're a stupid jerk!” She pouted while turning away from him.
"I'm not a stupid jerk, I'm your stupid jerk! I'm the stupid jerk who only loves you and no one else!" He turned her body to face him and kissed her again.
"How did you get Bapak to do something as absurd as pretending to be sick in front of the office of religious affairs?” She asked.
“That was my mother’s doing.” He smiled.
Endang looked at the clock on the wall, and took a deep breath, “Well, it’s almost time for dinner, I’m going downstairs to prepare something for you.”
Guntoro held her down, “Later! Right now, there's something else that I want to eat. I’m going to make love to you like there’s no tomorrow.”
“Mas….” She sighed shyly as he laid her down on the bed.


Chapter Twenty One

Guntoro kissed her shoulder a few times, caressing her forearm lovingly he whispered, “I can’t say I regret anything that occurred, falling in love with you was the best thing that ever happened to me.”
Endang turned around touching his cheek, “Thank you for loving me.”
He smiled suddenly they heard a loud clanking sound coming from the kitchen, “Ah, she’s still here, isn’t she?” Guntoro grumbled.
Endang reached for her clothes on the floor, she fished something out of the pocket and gave Guntoro a piece of paper, “Here.” She said.
“What’s this?” He asked while looking at the paper.
“When you were busy having a shouting match with Dik Dini, I stole her cell phone and searched it for her husband’s contact information. I think the best thing to do is to call him and let him know that she’s here. They should sort out their problems, this afternoon I saw her crying while hugging his shirt, I’m sure she misses him, and she’s taking out her frustration on us.”
Guntoro nodded and smiled, “You’re resourceful, aren’t you?”
Endang handed him his cell phone that was on the nightstand, he dialed the first number on the paper. When a man’s voice replied, he introduced himself and explained the situation, after a few minutes he hung up.
“What did he say?” Endang asked.
“He’s going to book the first flight to here,” Guntoro explained. “You know, he admitted that he actually did cheat on her with his ex-girlfriend.”
“He did? So it wasn’t just her paranoia again? We shouldn’t be giving her ideas, should we?”
“What ideas?”
“Ideas of having an affair with her ex.”
Guntoro laughed, “You can’t compare us, and I’m sure that after marrying her, his ex-girlfriend seemed like an angel to him.”
“Mas, don’t be mean. I kind of feel bad for her. Looking at it from her point of view, it does seem that I stole her husband.”
“I never wanted you to feel this way…..”
“I said looking at it from her point of view, my point view is different altogether.” Endang replied in a feisty tone.
“What’s your point of view?” Guntoro toned down.
“She took for granted the love that she had, and then she lost him. And I’m not going to let her try to make me feel bad for loving you, or take you away from me.”
Something fell down in the kitchen followed by a woman whining.
“I think, I ‘m going to go and feed her before she destroys my kitchen,” Endang said while getting up.
Guntoro pulled her down to the bed, kissing her cheeks then her neck, “I’ll be in the living room, just in case she tries something funny.”
“Hmm….come on then,” She smiled.
Dini was holding her finger biting her lip in pain. Endang walked passed her towards the fridge and took out some eggs, some rice, and vegetables.
“You should put oil on that, oil will lessen the burning sensation,” Endang said while taking out her stone mortar and peeling onions and garlic.
“I was going to fry myself an egg,” Dini mumbled while rubbing oil on her finger.
“You should’ve taken the egg out first before putting the frying pan on the stove. Sit down, I’ll prepare something to eat.” She paused washed her hand quickly and poured some ice tea from the fridge and put it in front of Dini, “Drink! That will make you feel refreshed.”
“Why are you being nice to me?” Dini asked while looking at her sharply.
“Why not? You’re a guest here, it’s my duty to be a good hostess.” Ending smiled kindly, “I’m going to make fried rice. You do like fried rice, right?”
Dini stared at her, “You and Mas Gun, there is something going on between you, isn’t there?”
Endang took a deep breath, “What if there is? What’s it to you? It’s not like you’re still married to him. Wouldn’t it better to concentrate on your current matrimony?”
“I can’t accept that Brian cheated on me, just like Mas Gun. I don’t know why it keeps happening to me.”
“I don’t have too much experience in love so I can’t comment on your situation. I in my opinion the key to a happy marriage is peace in the home, and to have peace, we need to know how to understand and love our partner, but not the selfish kind of love, not the love that wants to possess and dominate. But the kind of love that teaches us to trust and have faith, to provide companionship and support, to forgive and comprehend. At the end of the day, the idea of marrying someone is to have somebody to be by our side to face the challenges in life, and not somebody who becomes it.”
“But I’m not lucky enough to find a man who understands me, in both my marriages, they never understood me.”
“Understanding is a mutual thing, people will understand us if we put an effort to understand them first. I’ve made that mistake recently, and it caused me so much pain and angst. But I’ve also learned that it’s impossible to understand the person we love if we don’t try to converse with them. I let myself make assumptions and jump into conclusions without understanding the facts, and I hurt the person I loved the most.”
“You’re good at talking aren’t you little girl? Is that how you succeeded in seducing him? Playing the innocent and understanding other woman, what did you do? Offer to be by his side unconditionally? To comfort him? To be his shoulder to cry on? ” Dini snapped at Endang.
“What is wrong with you? Why are you still making a problem over something that happened a long time ago? Haven’t you already moved on? Haven’t you re-married already?” Endang snapped back, “I’ve been polite and friendly to you ever since you’ve arrived here, but why are you being so aggressive towards me all the time?”
“I didn’t come here to make friends with you, I came here to look for my ex-husband. You can’t begin to imagine how surprised I was when I found out that he was living with you. I won’t feel peace if the two of you are happy. You ruined my marriage, do you think I’ll let you live together happily?”
“That’s enough!” Endang was beginning to lose her patience, “There’s your plate of rice, eat it or not, it’s up to you!”
Endang left the kitchen with two plates, leaving the one for Dini behind. She didn’t set it down in the dining room as usual but brought it into the living room. “Mas, let’s eat upstairs, that woman is getting on my nerves.” She said to Guntoro who was working on his laptop.
Endang walked directly up the stairs and entered his room, placing the plates on his desk. She sat on the bed waiting for him to arrive at the room.
"What happened?” He asked while walking in and closing the door.
“I can’t understand how you could have married someone like that. What did you see in her? Or are you just one of those shallow men who look at women’s face and body and don’t care about anything else.”
He sat beside her on the bed, putting his arm around her waist, “She finally got to you too, Huh? So now you know, what I had to go through. Turns out I’m not so mean after all.”
“Oh my goodness, I can’t believe a person like that exists. I tried to be nice to her, to be friendly and to try make peace with her, but she’s just so…so…annoying.”
“You’re cute when you’re angry.” He said to her ear, “What did she do this time?”
“She….., I don’t know if it was a threat or a promise or what, but she told me that she wouldn’t be in peace as long as we are happy. And she doesn’t even know that we’re married yet.”
“She might not know that we’re married, but I think she can guess that there is something between us. We’re living together here alone, and we disappeared for several hours earlier. All that, plus those hickeys on your neck.”
“Hickeys on my neck?” Endang looked at him then quickly stood up and walked to the mirror. She looked at her neck, there were three red round marks on it. “What were you thinking?” She wailed.
Guntoro couldn’t help but laugh, “I’m sorry, I couldn’t control myself.”
“You….you…..you’re horrible, why didn’t you warn me about this before?” She launched at him.
He grabbed her hands while continuing to laugh, “I said I’m sorry.”
“I’m so embarrassed…”She covered her face with her hands.
“Are you embarrassed of me?”
“No, not of you. But you know what I mean, stop picking on me!” She pouted.
“Okay, okay……I’m sorry. Tomorrow you should wear something to cover it up, otherwise people are going to start asking what you’ve been up to.”
“We should eat, your fried rice I as appetizing as always…” He said.
“If I knew what you did to me, I wouldn’t have served you dinner. I would have made you watch me eat while you starve all night.”
“nDang, how did it go with your husband’s ex?” Riski interrogated her as soon as they were alone.
“She’s kind of strange, very spiteful and full of anger. I think there must be something loose in her head.” Endang replied seriously.
“Is she trying to get back with Pak Gun?”
“I’m not sure, from the bottom of my heart I doubt it….She mopes around the house all day hugging her new husband’s shirt, but she keeps picking fights with me over my relationship with Mas Gun. She avoids talking or meeting him face to face, but she talks about him a lot behind his back.”
“You know what I think? I think she’s not interested in Pak Gun anymore. She’s probably in love with her new husband, but it must hurt her pride seeing that her ex-husband has already moved on and is now married again, especially to someone who is uglier than her.”
“Thanks for being such a supportive friend.” Endang knocked Riski on the head, “But she doesn’t know that we are married.”
“Are you thinking that she suspects that the two of you are dating or something…”
“Yep, that’s right.” Endang thought for a few minutes. “As long as she doesn’t try anything dramatic, I think I should just keep my eyes on her. I want to avoid conflict as much as I can, I don’t want Mas Gun to feel anxious and burdened.”
“My, oh my, aren’t you a dedicated wife.”
Endang walked pass the hall of the first floor of the faculty building. At the corner of her eye, she could see Guntoro was speaking with a group of female students. Although by their gestures and the books that they were holding, she can deduce that they were asking about statistics, but she still felt uncomfortable.
“nDang, your boyfriend is outside the bulding looking for you,” Syaiful said while quickly passing beside her in the hall.
“My boyfriend?” Endang didn’t understand what he was talking about.
“Yeah, you now the guy from the Finance Faculty.”
“Mas Widodo.” Endang thought. She didn’t want to see him or speak to him again. As far as she was concerned they were a thing of the past. She was married and was not about to meet another man behind her husbands back. Endang ignored Syaiful’s words and rushed to her classroom.
For the rest of the day she didn’t dare to go out of the faculty building, she kept finding excuses to stay inside. Only stepping out when she was safe by Guntoro’s side, in the afternoon on their way home together.
“What happened to you today? Why didn’t you go out of the faculty building?” He asked her as they were driving home.
“You noticed did you? I thought you were too busy with your female students to pay attention to me.”
“I’m never too busy for you, I can be a thousand kilometers from you, and you would still be the only woman I see in front of me.” He replied.
“Hmmm……” She smiled "Cheesy!"
"So tell me, why were you hiding inside the building all day?”
"Mas Widodo was in front of the faculty building looking for me, I don't think it would be appropriate for me to meet him."
"Hmm, his face became serious.  “The next time he comes looking for you, text me! I'll go and talk to him."
"Okay."
"Let's go out to eat, I want some chicken noodles," Guntoro said changing the subject.
"Sure.. "She replied curtly.
"Is there something in your mind?" He fished.
"Dik Dini."
"Why are you thinking about her?" He asked seeing her expression.
"I think now I can understand the root of her behavior,  I mean her jealousy towards you when the two of you were together. Not that I justify her reaction, but I can relate to her reason.”
“What are you trying to say?” He glanced at her.
“When we were in the faculty building, I realized that you are such a big flirt, maybe that’s why she behaved the way she did towards you. You know it takes two hands to clap, smoke doesn’t appear if there’s no spark.”
“I don’t care what sparked Dini’s reaction. But I am concerned if you see me as a big flirt.” His voice shaking, “Why do think of me that way?”
“This is not the first time I thought that way about you, when I was a freshman I avoided you because I didn’t like how you were too friendly with the female students. A lot of times I hear comments from them thinking that maybe you were returning their feelings.”
“But…but I’m just trying to be nice, to be friendly. I don’t want to be the scary old lecturer who is inaccessible to his students. I think I treat my male and female students alike.”
“You do. Many male students think you’re great and kind and always willing to help. Obviously they don’t start looking at you with dreamy eyes like the female ones. I suppose that’s the effect of being handsome and single.”
“You think I’m handsome?” He smiled.
“Have I ever said you weren’t? You look just like your father.”
“Do you think my father is handsome?” He frowned.
“A lot of people think he’s handsome, he used to be the number one dancer for Wayang Wong Wisanggeni[38].”
“So who do you think is more handsome between……”
“Back to our previous conversation, maybe the way male students and female students perceive your treatment towards them differently, I suppose there’s not much you can do about it.”
Guntoro laughed, “I can’t do anything about being born handsome, but about being known as a single man, there’s a way around that.”
“What are you thinking?” Endang looked at him with her eyes opened.
“You’ll see.” Guntoro turned the car to the right and drove to the market complex, he parked the car in front of a jewelry shop. “I know our people don’t usually wear wedding rings, but I think we can consider this a special case.”
He got down from the car and quickly walked around it to open the door for her. Endang came down looking at him doubtfully, not understanding his chain of thoughts.
“Let’s go.” He grabbed her hand and walked towards one of the jewelry store. “You should pick out a ring for me to wear as a wedding ring, that way you can be sure that the female student wouldn’t see me as single.”
“Would that be alright?” She doubted.
“Why not?” He flicked her nose.
“I mean are you sure you have enough money to buy jewelry?” She asked again.
He took a deep breath but smiled, “Now that you’re not living in a boarding house anymore, I’m saving a lot of money on the monthly rent, the money I can use to pay the monthly quota for the ring.”
“I never got to thank you for that and for my tuition. Thank you.” She smiled while clasping his hand tighter.
He lifted her hand to his face and kissed it without saying anything.
They entered a shop that Guntoro liked, Endang spent a few minutes looking at the rings through the glass case. “This one.” She pointed to a simple platinum wedding band with leaves engraved on the surface.
Guntoro asked the attendant to take it out and then tried it on. Endang lifted her thumb and nodded.
“We’ll take this one, can you bring us the matching pair too?” He asked the young woman.
“What are you planning?” She asked.
“Miss, can you also sell me a chain from the same material?” he didn’t answer Endang  but talked to the store attendant instead. “Thank you, I’ll take all of these.” He said while handing her the credit card.
“Mas, why are you spending so much money?” Endang rebuked.
“Hey, your husband is not such a useless man, you know.” He replied while putting the chain in her ring and putting it around her neck. “Now we have a matching pair of rings, without being so obvious.”
“You can be so cheesy sometimes.” Endang paused then smiled mischievously, “I like cheesy! Keep on being cheesy towards me!”
“We have still have some time to grab a bite before Dini’s husband arrives. Come on, a few blocks from here there’s a restaurant called Mie Pangsit Gajah Mada[39], as their namesake, they’re famous for their Pangsit Mie[40]. I want you to try it.”
“Okay, show me the way.” She said cheerfully.
Dini was sitting on the rattan swinging chair on the terrace when they arrived home. “Aren’t you making yourself too comfortable here?” Guntoro asked sarcastically.
Dini looked at them with a cold expression without saying anything.
Endang shook her head and took a deep breath, “Did you have lunch?” She asked.
“You’re pretty shameless, aren’t you? Flaunting your happiness in front of me.” She said looking at Endang. 
“Dini, I won’t allow you to talk to her like that! If you think we’re flaunting in front of you, and you don’t want to see us, you can easily leave this house.” Guntoro raised his voice.
“As always, you’re defending you little lover here. I wonder how such a prominent University will do nothing about one of its lecturer acting immorally by living together with one of his students. Or are you deceiving people pretending to be aunt and nephew? Just like you deceived me in the past.” She said again.
“Dini, stop it!” Guntoro began to shout.
“You’re still a heartless and cruel man, aren’t you? I dedicated my youth to you, and what did you do? You replaced me with a younger woman. You took advantage of me and my father’s wealth to improve your lifestyle, and when you got tired of me you threw me away just like that.” Dini looked at him with hatred, “Do you think I’m stupid, how can a University lecturer afford a house like this and a brand new car? When we divorced you got half of the house and the car, the house and car you could afford to buy because you were working for my father, do you think if you weren’t married to me at that time, you would have received such a good salary and good position?”
“Dini, all the money from our divorce settlement is still in the bank, if you want it you can have it! But let’s make one thing clear! After I left the factory, the stock price and revenue of your father’s company dropped sharply because he couldn’t maintain operations and production efficiency, much less the quality of his product. Tell me, has he been able to recover from that fall? Because according to the business newspapers, he hasn’t. You can claim whatever you want, but for your information, the members of the board of directors officially recognized my contribution to the company. Oh yes, they did contact me and offered me to come back to the factory. I earned my keep, in no way was I a charity case for your father, and certainly not for you!” Guntoro was beginning to lose his patience.
“Calm down, don’t get too upset, you might get sick.” Endang put her arm around his waist and stoked his arm.
“Well, look here, this little girl is blatantly hugging you in front of me, the two of you are like peas in a pod, two revolting and shameless people who are meant for each other!”
“I won’t allow you to insult my wife!” Guntoro shouted. 
“Wife? Huh! Who did you have to bribe to legalize your disgusting incestuous relationship?” 
“Dik Dini!” Endang said, “We don’t have to explain anything to you! I don’t appreciate that you’re upsetting Mas Guntoro. You have absolutely no rights what so ever to come to our house and humiliate my husband!”
“Oh, how cute, the two of you are defending each other!” She answered sardonically.
“That’s enough! I’m going to drag her out of here and throw her out on the street.” Guntoro sad while moving forward towards Dini.
“Mas, don’t do that, a man should never use force against a woman no matter how evil she is.” Endang said holding him back. “Let me do it, I’ll drag and throw that old bag out of our house, myself!” She rolled up her sleeves and approached Dini.
Just as Endang grabbed Dini by the hair there was a loud clanking sound at the gate, making then turn around to see who it was. A foreigner was standing there, he was about the same height as Guntoro, wearing jeans and a white T-shirt, and his eyes were hidden behind dark sunglasses.
“Brian?” Dini gasped.
Endang looked at him with her jaw wide opened, “You’ve got to be kidding me!” She exclaimed under her breath.



Chapter Twenty Two

Endang heard about it before, but she never believed it till now. There was such a thing as a doppelganger in this world. And she had one standing in front of her at this very moment. Brian Contreras was almost a carbon copy of Guntoro.
Endang shook her head in disbelief. Her emotions migrated from shocked to bewilder to anger. “Why would she marry someone who looked like Mas Gun?” Endang thought.
Apparently she wasn’t the only one who noticed this because Guntoro seemed to observe the foreigner with curiosity and Brian in turn looked at Guntoro with amazement.
“Are you Brian? Welcome to our house, please come in.” Guntoro said composing himself.
“Thank you! You must be Guntoro.” The foreigner replied amicably.
Endang stared at Dini intensely, there was nothing she would love to do more than chew her ear off. Seeing her like that Guntoro, quickly pulled her closer “nDang, don’t you have a quiz to study for?” He asked.
Endang shook her head.
“Well, now you do, tomorrow there’s going to be a Statistic pop quiz tomorrow! Let’s leave these two to talk for a while. It was nice meeting you, Brian.” He said shaking his guest’s hand.
“Likewise.”
“I don’t like this, I want her out of this house!” Endang said as soon as they got to the room.
“Calm down! Don’t let your jealousy get the better of you! Of course she has to leave this house immediately, there’s no doubt about it. But don’t get agitated.”
She paced back and forwards, “I thought at first she was in love and missing her husband seeing how she keeps on hugging his shirt, but now seeing what he looks like, I feel so insecure and afraid.”
“Afraid? Afraid that I might go back to her? Afraid that she might want to go back to me?”
“Well, of course. Isn’t that natural that I feel afraid of those things?”
“He may look like me physically, but it doesn’t mean we have a lot in common.”
“I suppose you’re right….” Endang doubted. She beamed up again, “Well, come to think of it at first glance the two of you do look alike, but if you pay more attention to the details there are many differences. For example, his hair is lighter and straight, and his eyes have a nice clear color to it, his voice is not as deep and maybe even a little high pitched, his nose is a little bigger and taller, I think he has more muscles than you, he probably works out more, and ….”
“That’s enough!” Guntoro barked “Now it's me who’s beginning to feel concerned! I have to kick those two out of here as soon as possible.”
“Dini, when your ex-husband called me and told me that you were here, I was very worried, but now after seeing him, I’m even more worried. Have you always seen me as his replacement?”
“Brian, it’s not what you think. It’s not like that at all…..” Dini’s tears began to fall down her face.
“Is that why you were always so cold towards me? Tell me, when you look at me, who do you see? Do you see me or do you see him? You know, I’m glad I came here. At least now, I’m not going to be the fool anymore.” He said while turning around heading towards the gate.
“Brian, wait, don’t go, I didn’t mean to hurt you. Brian, please believe me, I love you, I really do love you. I admit at first it was like that but now……”She ran forward and hugged him from behind.
“Dini, are you sure, are you sure that it’s me who you love?” He brushed her arms off and walked away.
Dini stood frozen for a few minutes, her heart was about to explode. Suddenly a lot of things began to seem little and unimportant to her, Guntoro and Endang being together, the fact that Brian was with his ex-girlfriend, her pride and vanity, it all shrunk into a meaningless dot. For the first time in her life she felt that she had been defeated, abandoned and alone. She ran into the house and up the stairs, banging on Guntoro’s bedroom door.
Guntoro opened the door, “What do you want now?” He asked.
Dini pushed him back and entered the room, she passed by him and headed towards Endang who was sitting on the bed. Guntoro reached for her shoulder to prevent her from harming Endang, but Dini was determined, she rushed forward and lunged towards Endang, burying her face in the younger girl’s lap and began to cry hysterically.
“What happened?” Endang asked not expecting something like this.
“He’s gone, it’s over. He left me…..he left me….”
“Mas Gun, can you please get her a glass of water.” Endang looked up at Guntoro.
“Ah…sure…..”
“Tell me what happened. Did you have a fight with him?” Endang said gently to Dini, while removing her hair from her face.
“No, he didn’t believe that I really loved him, he thinks that I only see him as a replacement for Mas Gun, but that’s not true. That’s not true. I thought it was that way at first, that’s why I came here, but after seeing him again today, I realized how much I missed Brian, and how much I love him. I don’t want to lose him. What should I do?”
Guntoro entered the room again with a glass of water, he handed it to Endang who in turned helped Dini drink the water. “Dini, get a hold of yourself, you’re always like this, jumping into conclusions and letting your emotions takeover. You won’t solve anything by doing that.” Guntoro said to her harshly.
“Mas Gun is right, you should try to calm down first, It’s still not too late to fix your relationship with your husband, he’s probably still in the city, you can still go to him and try to sort things out with him.” Endang persuaded her.
“I think you should give the both of you some time to calm down, tomorrow you can find him and talk to him. Nicely! Don’t go at it with your usual hysterical and condescending way.”
“Mas Gun, don’t be so harsh.” Endang glared at him.
“I don’t know where he’s staying….” Dini said softly.
“I’ll ask Rahmat to find out about it. Most likely he’s in one of the big hotels in the city. How hard could it be to locate him?” Guntoro continued, “You brought this on to yourself, you’re already in your thirties but you can’t think like a mature woman.”
“Mas Gun!” Endang scold, “This is not the right time!”
“He’s right,” Dini said, “If I wasn’t so spiteful and selfish, all this wouldn’t have happened,” She said to Endang, “I need you to accompany me so you could be my witness that nothing happened between Mas Gun and me while I was here.”
Endang looked up at Guntoro, he considered for a while, “If you want her to go with you, then you’ll have to wait until she finishes her classes tomorrow in the afternoon. And she can’t go alone I have to be with her. There’s no way I’m going to let her enter a hotel alone with you, I don’t trust you!”
“What do you think I might do to her?” Dini felt offended.
“Dini, you’ve proven to be somebody who would do anything to get her way, and you’ve never shown any good intentions towards Endang. Her safety and well-being are my number one concern. Take it or leave it!”
“Fine!”
“Hey, pssttt……look at Pak Gun’s finger, is he wearing a ring?” Anies asked Endang.
Endang looked at Anies then shrugged her shoulder. “You should ask him yourself.” She replied.
“But aren’t you his relative? How could you not know?”
“Do you think I have nothing better to do than checking into his business?” Endang trying hard to contain her smile. She looked at him from her chair dreamily.
“Endang, don’t be stingy, why don’t you tell us.” A girl who sat behind her asked.
“Leave her alone!” Riski defended.
“nDang, come on, tell us.” Endang felt somebody kicked her chair.
She turned around angrily, “What do you want?” She raised her voice.
“Mbak Endang, is there something you want to share with the class?” Guntoro called out from the front of the room.
“No sir.” She said shaking her head, cursing him inside her heart.
Endang was left in peace for a few minutes when they began to disturb her again, she even felt her cell phone vibrating a few times. Endang took a deep breath and resolved to ignore them.
“nDang, do you know if he has a girlfriend, is that a couple ring?” Anies asked again.
“nDang, you’re so mean, why don’t you share the gossip with us? Don’t be so stuck up! Don’t you consider us as your friends?” Sari tickled her waist from her left side.
Endang inadvertently giggled, slapping her friend’s finger away. Guntoro looked at her disapprovingly. Seeing the girls bothering her, some of the boys started to join in without knowing what the reason was.
Iwan the young man who was sitting behind her started to pull small strands of her hair.
“Ouch!” She complained softly. “What are you doing?” while turning around slightly.
He laughed a little, scratching his head with his right hand, “Sorry.” He grinned.
“Wan, she has a boyfriend already, a senior in Finance, even if to try to get her attention like that, she won’t be interested in you!” One of the boys whispered.
“So what? As long as there’s no coconut leaf decorating the door on her wedding day, I still have a chance.” Iwan grinned again.
Endang shook her head and rolled her eyes up, “Crazies!” She whispered to them.
“What’s going on over there?” Guntoro shouted at the group of students. They hushed up, pretending to take notes. Not convinced with their acting, he added, “Do you have any questions? Do you understand what I just explained? So I can point out to any of you to repeat it and you can do it, right?”
The students started booing.
“But nobody had any questions, so I thought I can assume that everybody understands today’s lesson.”
“Pak Guntoro I have a question.” Syaiful lifted his arm, in his usual comedic demeanor.
“What is it Mas Syaiful?”
“The girls wanted to know why you are wearing a ring today.” He asked.
Guntoro smiled, “What’s wrong with me wearing a ring on my finger?”
“Ask him if it’s a couple ring!” Anies whispered to Syaiful.
“Anies wants to know if it’s a couple ring.” Syaiful barked out again, followed by the class laughing and Anies blushing.
“No, it’s not a couple ring!” He paused for a while, “It’s a wedding ring. Now let’s go on with our lesson for today.”
The class began to whisper among themselves, “nDang, why didn’t you tell us that Pak Guntoro got married?” Anies murmured to her, with some other girls agreeing.
“Guys, it’s not like he’s a superstar and I’m a gossip columnist, what’s it to us if his married or not?” Endang replied.
“What’s his wife like?” Somebody asked.
“She has hair on her head, two eyes, one nose, two ears, and a mouth. What more can I say?” She replied sticking her tongue out.
“Okay, okay, that’s enough, why don’t we concentrate on what’s written on the white board!” Guntoro shouted out again.
“My heart is broken.” Anies said her eyes teary.
“What’s wrong with you? It’s not like you were dating him.” Endang looked at her sharply.
“But I had hopes, and now it’s all gone.” She said sadly.
“Don’t worry about it, he’s not the last man on earth!” Endang replied coldly.
“Luckily my love story is not like yours, Nies.” Iwan said in a low voice.
“Keep on hoping!” Riski whispered.
“I have a better idea, since Iwan is single and available, why don’t you go and help Anies mend her broken heart,” Endang said to him.
“Anies, don’t give up, you never know, maybe Pak Guntoro is an MBA.” Iwan put on a wide grin.
“MBA? What does that have to do with the subject?” Riski asked.
“You know Married But Available…….” Iwan replied.
They tried to hide their laugh.
Guntoro looked at them again, “Mas Iwan do you want to take over the class?” He asked sarcastically.
“We were wondering if you are an MBA, Married But Available.” He said out loud
Guntoro smiled and shook his head. “I am available.” He said, “To my wife.”
The class hooted at him.
“nDang, can I talk to you?” Widodo suddenly came up behind her when she was buying a drink at the shop.
“I’d rather not if you don’t mind!” She replied.
He grabbed her by the wrist, “Just for a few minutes.”
Endang pulled her arm away, “Let me go!” She said firmly.
“Mas Wid, why don’t you leave her alone, the two of you have broken up already.” Riski said to him.
“Mas if she doesn’t want to talk to you, you should respect that!” Syaiful added.
“nDang, I’m sorry for what happened before!” Widodo said again.
“There’s nothing to apologize about, it’s better if you don’t look for me anymore. We don’t have anything to talk about.” Endang replied, then turned to her friends, “Let’s go!” She said.
The three of them walked out the shop and headed to the faculty building. “He’s still looking at us!” Riski whispered.
“nDang, how could you date somebody as creepy at that?” Syaiful said.
“He wasn’t creepy when we were dating,” Endang replied not daring to look back.
“At the Tugu Hotel?” Guntoro confirmed to Rahmat on a phone conversation. “What room? 605, Okay. Thanks, Mat.”
Through the blinds he saw Endang and her friends walking briskly towards the faculty building, her face was a bit pale. Syaiful once in a while looked over his shoulder. Guntoro wondered what happened to them.
They passed by for Dini at the house. Guntoro parked the car in front of the hotel, Dini got out and walked to the lobby. “We’ll wait for you at the restaurant,” Guntoro said. “If you want Endang to talk to him, you can find us there.”
She was as beautiful as always, Endang could see that she put in a lot of efforts to look gorgeous for her husband. “Dik Dini, you can use this advice or not, but I suggest you tell him how you feel, reach out to his heart instead of fighting with him."
“I guess you’re right, I’m going to follow your advice, you have proven yourself to be good at seducing men.” She said while glancing at Guntoro.
“She deserves to die!” Endang said after Dini was a few meters away from them.
Guntoro laughed, “I feel sorry for the poor guy. Let’s go over there to the tea house. We can sit outside so we can look at the old town square.” He said while putting his arm around her waist. Then pulled a chair out for her. He ordered them some tea.
“Look at that lotus pond,” Endang said while pointing towards the center of the street.
“I can understand why many young people like to go there for dates.” He signaled to a young couple sitting by the pond. The man was tall and had a short military cut while the young woman was short with her hair down to her neck. They were sitting side by side enjoying the view. “Behind this hotel there’s the animal market and the flower market, but at night it converts to a street food market, if we can get out of here soon, we should go there to check things out.”
“That would be nice.” Endang smiled.
“What was the ruckus in class today?” He asked.
“The guys were bothering me over your wedding ring. Oh, by the way, you didn’t have to call me out in class. It’s not like it was my fault, somebody kicked my chair.”
“I have to treat all my students the same way, I can’t treat anyone differently just because she shares my bed at night.” He said cheekily.
“You’re terrible.” She looked at him sharply.
Guntoro took her hand and held it tightly, “Don’t be angry.”
“I’m not, just a little unhappy about it.” She pouted
The waiter came with their tea. A few hours passed by and Guntoro was beginning to feel impatient, he was looking at his watch every few minutes, “Almost two hours.” He said.
“Hey, look there they come!” Endang signaled to the door at the far end.
“Hello.” Brian greeted Guntoro, “I think we have some things to talk about.”
“Please take a seat.” He replied.
“Thank you for coming, Miss……” He looked at Endang.
“Endang.” She replied.
“She’s my wife….” Guntoro introduced her.
“Wife? I didn’t know you’ve remarried.” He said while looking at Dini.
“Now you do….”
Brian sat across to Guntoro while Dini sat beside him. “I think you can understand why I was upset about the situation.” He said.
“I can,” Guntoro replied.
“I hope you don’t take this situation as a sign that Dini is still interested in you,” Brian said. “She has moved on from her past with you. We might look somewhat alike, but we are very different. And you should be clear that the man she loves is me!”
“Okay….” Guntoro replied.
“And if you ever try to approach my wife again, I won’t let you off so easily,” Brian said again.
Endang's face stiffened, offended by what he said, but she chose not to heed his senseless words.
Guntoro smiled patiently, “So with that being said, the two of you have made up, right?”
“We’ve talked about our situation, and we’ve decided to give it another try,” Brian explained.
“Congratulations!” Guntoro smiled. “If you’ve resolved your situation, we would like to excuse ourselves.”
“Mas Gun, we’ll pass by your house to pick up my suitcase,” Dini said to him.
“You should pass by in the afternoon,” Guntoro told them.
“Good night, Guntoro.” Brian stood up and extended his hand.
“Good night,” Guntoro replied taking Brian’s hand and shaking it.
They walked through the food market hand in hand. Endang loved fried snacks, and there was an abundance of it to buy. They chose to eat some in one of the food stalls.
“So it turns out that I didn’t need to become a witness to explain that you and Dini weren’t up to anything during her stay.”
“He didn’t have to ask, just knowing that I have a wife, he could guess it.”
“At least we will have peace and quiet again at home.”
Across the street, a man sitting on a motorcycle was looking at them, as Guntoro and Endang stood up to walk to the car, he clutched his fist and hit it against the handle bar In anger.

Chapter Twenty Three

Endang put down her book and walked to the door, “Who would be visiting this early on Sunday?” She mumbled to herself.
Bu Nunik was standing at the door, she was dressed casually, “Good morning Mbak Endang.” She smiled, “Is Pak Guntoro home?”
“No, he isn’t, he’s out running.” She replied shortly.
“Ah, that’s okay. Is his wife home? I want to take the opportunity to introduce myself to her.”
“His wife? Eh, she’s also out, she went to the market very early this morning, she won’t be back until later today. Maybe……. Can I help you with anything? Why don’t you come in and sit.”
“I was just curious that’s all…..” Bu Nunik replied, “Eh Mbak Endang, do you have any wedding photos of them to show me, I really want to know what she looks like.”
Endang thought for a while, “Bu Nunik, I can’t do that, you should have pity on me. I’m a poor relative that they decided to take in and help with my education. If I do something to offend my guardians, they might get angry and send me back to the country. You said it yourself that I’m a good student. Please don’t put me in a position where I can be sent home, married off, and made to raise ten children.”
“Mbak Endang, don’t be sad, I’m not trying to get you in any type of trouble, don’t cry….” She was beginning to feel guilty.
“Bu Nunik, my niece in law is a very mean woman, she makes me clean the house all day, and I’m only allowed to eat their leftovers,” Endang sobbed, “Sometimes they make me sleep in the kitchen, and if I don’t wash her clothes properly, she would hit me and say mean things to me…..”
“Oh, my poor girl, how can someone like Pak Guntoro let something like this happen to his relative?”
“He’s so in love with her, that he doesn’t care about anything else, Bu Nunik you know that sometimes men can be blinded by love, I don’t want my parents to know about this, because I’m afraid that they may get offended and ask me to go home. I really want to finish my education.”
“Don’t cry, don’t cry, is there anything I could do to help you?” Bu Nunik looked at her with sympathy.
Endang nodded, “Can you tell me the outlines that you’re planning to use in the midterm exams?”
“Of course I can. Why don’t you bring me your textbook?”
“I just so happen to have it here on the coffee table,” Endang said while reaching out for her book.
She finished marking the pages and gave to book back to Endang, “There, I hope this will help you.” Bu Nunik smiled kindly, “You can find me if you need help with anything else.”
“I really appreciate it,” Endand answered happily.
The front door opened as Guntoro came in, “I didn’t know we had a guest.” He wondered while looking at his colleague sitting near Endang.
Bu Nunik looked at him judgmentally, “I think I should leave now, Pak Gun, I’m surprised at how somebody who seems decent and correct like you will allow your wife to mistreat a poor relative like Mbak Endang.”
“What?” Guntoro looked at her with confusion.
“Bu Nunik, let me walk you out.” Endang got up, hiding her laughter.
She waved goodbye and closed the gate behind Bu Nunik, she was surprised to find Guntoro standing directly behind her when she turned around, “Do you mind filling me in on the details?” He asked.
“I was just killing two birds with one stone,” Endang replied.
“I have this eerie feeling that I might be one of those birds you just killed.” He stood in front of her, blocking her way.
“That’s my secret!” She teased while running into the garden.
“Confess…..” He chased her, catching her by the waist and lifting her up.
Ending laughed, trying to wriggle herself out of his grasp. She laughed loud as he used his finger to tickle her waist, “Okay, okay…..I give up….I’ll confess….” She cried.
He stopped tickling her, but didn’t let go of her waist. “I’m waiting.” He said.
“It’s just that Bu Nunik came here to see what your wife looked like, so I….” She suddenly felt strange. She looked around the garden and peered outside the fence and gate.
“What’s is it? Are you trying to avoid telling me what happened?” Guntoro whispered in her ear. Rubbing his nose against her neck.
“Mas, stop it. Why do I get the feeling that somebody is watching us?” Endang said seriously, “My skin is beginning to develop goose bumps.”
He looked at her arms verifying what she said. Guntoro looked around also, the street in front of their house was quiet, “I don’t see anything. Let’s just go inside.” He said feeling a little unsettled.

He stood across the street from their house behind a tree, watching them playing through the fence then entering the house together. His blood boiled with anger, a mixed feeling of jealousy and betrayal filled his heart and soul. He threw what was left of his cigarette on the ground and stepped on it. “You conniving, ungrateful, whore!” he growled spitefully.
“Good afternoon, I need to speak to Pak Guntoro, I’m Sergeant Bagus from the Police.” The man in uniform said to Guntoro as he opened the front door.
“I’m Guntoro.” He replied, looking with curiosity why the police were at his door.
“Pak Guntoro, we need you to accompany us to the police station we have some questions to ask you. It’s just for questioning nothing more” The policeman said again.
“Mas, what are they talking about?” Endang said while holding his arm tightly.
“It’s okay, don’t be afraid, Sergeant Bagus, may I know what this is about?” Guntoro asked.
“Your ex-wife Dini Winarti and her husband Brian Contreras were assaulted yesterday afternoon while they were touring around the Batu area. She has been severely wounded and is in the hospital.”
“Mas Gun…” Endang began to cry.
“Don’t worry.” He said to her, “I’m going with them, call Rahmat and tell him to call my lawyer and Wahyu, have them pick you up and meet me at the police station. I have a bad feeling about this, once we leave, lock the gate and the door, and don’t open it for anyone except Rahmat or Wahyu. For no one!” He kissed her forehead and followed the police officers out.
Endang quickly locked the gate closed the door locking her behind her just like he said, she dialed Rahmat’s number, “Mas Rahmat, this is Endang.” She said trying to speak despite her throat feeling dry from the anxiety.
“Oh, Mbak Endang, what can I do for you?” He asked.
“Mas, the police came and took Mas Gun to the police station for questioning, somebody attacked Dik Dini and left her hospitalized, Mas Gun said that you need to call his lawyer and Mas Wahyu and then pick me up to meet him at the police station. Mas Gun told me to lock the gate and the door and not open it for anyone but you.”
“Okay, Mbak, don’t worry, we’ll be there in a few minutes. Just hold on tight. I’ll call you as soon as we get there.”
Endang hung up the phone and sat on the couch in the living room. Her hands were shaking, she began to pace back and forwards anxiously. Her mouth was very dry and he stomach turning. She worried not knowing what was going on with her husband. She went to the kitchen to get a glass of water to calm her nerves. She came back into the living room and turned on the television to help distract her mind. The Tari Ngremo[41] and funny jokes from the ludruk[42] in the TV wasn’t enough to make her laugh let alone cheer her up. From time to time, she checked her watch, fearing that the longer they took the more difficult the situation would be for Guntoro.
She turned around when she heard the sound of the gate being pushed, and then being shaken several times, as if somebody tried to open it by force. Her heart started to beat vigorously. She turned off the television and quickly jumped up to turn off the lights. She hid behind the door. The gate began to make a different kind of shaking sound, somebody was trying to climb it! She gasped. Endang quickly reached for her phone. Her hand was shaking uncontrollably. The phone slipped from her hand and fell to the ground causing the cover to fly off and the battery to fall out. She crawled on the floor to pick up the pieces of the phone. She quickly put it back together again and turned it on. The gate outside was still shaking.
Suddenly there was the sound of a man’s voice shouting at someone. The gate clanged followed by the noise of someone landing on the ground. “Hey, who are you? What are you doing here?” She heard several fast footsteps of people running.
Her phone lit up and vibrated, she snatched it and looked at the screen. It was Rahmat she sighed in relief. She answered, “Hello.”
“MBak, this is Rahmat, we’re here in front of your house. I have the keys to the gate, just wait in there to open the door for us.” He said.
She waited until the doorbell rang before she opened it. “Mas, thank you for coming.” She said.
“When we arrived here, there was a man who was trying to climb the gate. He jumped down when he saw us. My uncle is chasing him right now.” Rahmat said.
Wahyu appeared at the door a few minutes later, “I couldn’t catch him.” He said while catching his breath. “The bastard ran so fast.”
“Mas Wahyu, thank you for coming,” Endang said to him.
“I couldn’t see his face because he was wearing a cap, but it was definitely a young man, in his early twenties. He was slim and quite tall.”
Endang shook her head, “I know a lot of people with that description.” She said. “That describes many of my male friends in class.”
“We should go now, tell me what you know on the way to the police station. The lawyer should have arrived by now.” Wahyu said.
Endang followed them out and locked the door and the gate. He got into their car and began to update Wahyu and Rahmat on what she knew.
“Where were you yesterday afternoon around 2PM?” The police officer asked him.
“I was teaching in the University. There were around fifty students who saw me.” Guntoro replied calmly.
“Your ex-wife was staying at your house until a few days ago. Why was that?” he asked again.
Guntoro looked at Karno his lawyer who nodded, Guntoro shrugged his shoulders, “I’m not so sure, but I heard that she had a problem with her current husband and wanted to hide away for a while. She was the one who came to look for me at work and asked me to give her a place to stay.”
The policeman smiled, putting both hands on the table, “Your ex-wife is a very attractive woman, very beautiful. Maybe having her stay in your house for a few days, awakened some lingering feelings that you didn’t know you had for her. And because of that, when her husband came to pick her up, you became very jealous and decided to teach her a lesson.”
“I was the one who called her husband Brian Contreras to come and pick her up. You see Dini’s presence in my house was becoming uncomfortable for me and my wife. We are newlyweds who naturally would like to have a higher level of intimacy, and Dini’s presence there was foiling it.”
“So you’ve re-married too?” The policeman asked.
“Yes, for a few months now.”
“Bu Dini’s new husband Mister Brian, said that you may be behind the attack. According to him, you and he have a very similar physical appearance and his wife had told him that she left you five years ago because of your mistreatment towards her. He suspects that you might be angry and jealous because she ended up with a man who looks like you, but younger and has more money.”
“Officer, it was my client Pak Guntoro who filed for divorce from Bu Dini Winarti five years ago. I have here in my briefcase the court files documenting her physical aggression towards him during one of the court sessions, which lead my client to suffer several injuries, and also witness statements about Bu Dini’s radical behavior towards Pak Guntoro’s immediate family which caused his grandfather to have a heart attack and be hospitalized.”
The policeman looked at the documents and took a deep breath. “That would be all for now. We might need to call you again for further questioning, depending on the outcome of the case.”
“Of course,” Guntoro smiled and nodded respectfully.
He walked out of the small office which was used as the interrogation room. Endang, Rahmat, and Wahyu were already there waiting for him to come out. Endang saw him then immediately ran towards him, he hugged her tightly as she hid her face in his chest.
“How did it go?” Wahyu asked.
“It went okay. It was Dini’s husband who accused me of being the mastermind behind the attack.” Guntoro said.
“Why would he do that?” Endang asked.
“She claimed that she divorced me because I mistreated her, and who knows what else that woman said about me to convince her husband to take her back?” Guntoro shook his head.
“Shouldn’t you explain to him that what she said wasn’t true, and tell him the real reason you and her divorced?” Endang asked.
“And make them fight and separate? Nope! As long as she’s married to him, she’s his nightmare. I hope he brings her back to his country and won’t ever let her come here again.”
“Gun, when you were taken in for questioning and Endang was alone at home, someone tried to break into your house.  Luckily we arrived on time to stop him. He was climbing the gate trying to get into your house.” Wahyu said.
“Are you alright?” Guntoro asked while looking at his wife.
Endang nodded, “A little scared, but I’m fine.”
“Gun, I’m worried about this, your ex-wife got attacked and now somebody tried to break into your house. I think you should hire somebody to guard your house.”
“Yu, wouldn’t that look strange? I’m only a humble part time lecturer, not a politician or an important person.”
“Gun, are you willing to put Endang's safety on the line?” Wahyu looked straight at him.
"Of course not. Do you know who can work at my house?” Guntoro asked.
“Yeah, I work in a security company as a side job, I can get 24 hours protection on your house. Besides, I think it will be a good idea if Rahmat stays with you until we everything is resolved.”
“But Mas Wahyu, how much would that cost Mas Gun?” Endang said worriedly.
“Don’t let him deceive you nDang. Guntoro is not as poor as he makes out to be. He’s just incredibly stingy that’s all. He’s the kind of person who after he dies in poverty at an old age, his family will get a surprise inheritance.”
“Yu, there’s nothing wrong with living humbly.” Guntoro said, “I agree with getting the security guards and to Rahmat staying with us. Let’s do that.”
Rahmat nodded, "I'll get my things."
"Good! in the meantime, I'm going to do an investigation of my own to find out what's going on here," Wahyu said.

He ran down the street as fast as he can. As soon as he was certain that he wasn’t being followed anymore, he stopped and leaned against the wall to catch his breath. He lit a cigarette to help him calm himself. He continued walking to his boarding house. He opened the gate and entered.
The front door opened as a young man stepped out, “Oh? Where did you come from all sweaty and panting?” Widodo asked him amicably.
He only smiled and entered the house without saying anything.
“What an arrogant prick,” Widodo grumbled.


Chapter Twenty Four

Guntoro slowly lifted her head and pulled out his arm from under it, then he gently put her head down again on the pillow. He fixed the blanket covering her body before sitting up and climbing down from the bed. She mumbled in her sleep and turned her body around facing the other side, making him smile and shake his head to see her like that. He put on his sarong and t-shirt before walking slowly to the door and quietly opened and closed it to not wake her up. Guntoro walked down the stairs and out to the front porch.
“Yu, I didn’t know you were here.” He said seeing the three men sitting on the porch.
“Gun, I’m checking up on these guys.” Wahyu replied.
“Pak Gun, would you like some coffee?” Rahmat asked.
“Sure, that would be great,” Guntoro said while sitting with them on the porch.
“Gun, this is Agus he’s replacing Wanto who was assigned here before, he will be working the night shift here. The one on the day shift will still be Galih.”
“Hi thanks for your service.” Guntoro shook his hand.
“Yu, do you know anything else about the case on Dini’s attack?” Guntoro asked.
Wahyu took a deep breath and nodded, “I spoke to my friend who is the officer in charge of this case. She was beaten with a metal pipe. It looks like the attack was targeted towards her, because her husband only had defense wounds on his arms, and it happened when he tried to protect her. Additionally the assailant didn’t take anything from them, she had three million rupiahs in her purse.”
“And how is she?” Guntoro asked feeling bad for her.
“She’s bruised badly, but she’ll recover, luckily they didn’t hit her head or any part that would make it dangerous for her.”
Guntoro nodded.
“Gun, their identification of the man who attacked them, seems similar to the man who tried to break in here the other night. He was in his early twenties, tall, slim, short hair, and light skin. They couldn’t really take a good look at his face because he was wearing a cap.” Wahyu paused, “But the interesting part was Dini’s testimony. She said that the young man shouted that it was all her fault that he lost somebody.”
“What was all her fault? Lost who?” Guntoro asked finding it strange.
Wahyu shook his head, “That’s what we need to find out.”
 He peered from behind the tree, angry seeing the men sitting on the porch. “Apparently Guntoro had put people there to guard the house.” He thought.  He knew that it wouldn’t be a good idea to try to enter the house again. He looked at Guntoro with extreme hate as Guntoro stood up, shook the men’s hand and entered the house again, “Typical two faced rich guy. Using his influence and money to lure women. How could I ever compete with him? She’s just like those women, who open their legs for money. She needs to be straightened out, so she won’t do this again.” He looked up at the second floor, the curtain was closed but the lights turned on. After several minutes, he could see the lights turned off again. Leaning his head on the trunk he punched the tree several times, biting his lips, his eyes were wet with tears.
 Endang woke up as she heard the sound of the bedroom door opened and turned on her table lamp. Guntoro walked inside, “Did I wake you up?” He whispered.
“Where did you go?” She asked in a sleepy voice.
“Downstairs to talk to Agus the new guard. Wahyu was here so we talked a bit.” He walked to the bed and sat on the side. “Wahyu thinks that the man who attacked Dini is the same person who tried to break in here.”
“What’s going on Mas? Why is this happening?” Endang’s voice was worried.
Guntoro turned his head and smiled, “Don’t worry we’ll get through this.” He stood up, and entered the bed pulling the blanket over himself, he kissed her forehead affectionately, “I won’t let anything happen to you.”
“Promise me that you’ll take good care of yourself too, I can’t live if anything would happen to you.” She said while putting her head on his chest.
Guntoro smiled, “Of course.” He took off his shirt and sarong, kissed her and caressed her bare back. He reached for the lamp turning the light off.
“Mas Gun, I love you…” Endang whispered as she closed her eyes in total surrender as her senses dissolved into every part of his being.
 “Why does it take you so long to arrest the person who did this to my wife?” Brian almost shouting.
“Calm down, Mister!” Lieutenant Cahyono warned him. “You should behave or I’ll put you in the cell so you can calm down.”
“I already told you who was behind this. It’s her ex-husband. Why don’t you arrest him?” Brian asked while throwing himself on the chair.
“There is no evidence that he was the one who was behind her attack. We can’t arrest someone, just because you think he’s guilty, maybe in your country it works that way, but not in this one, here we the police actually earn our salary!”
“But he used to hit her when they were married.” Brian insisted.
“There are no records to support that claim. We questioned the neighbors where they used to live before their divorce, and according to them, it wasn’t Pak Guntoro who was holding the cane in the family.” The police officer explained.
“What does that mean?” Brian asked.
“According to the neighbors it was your wife who would scratch him and hit him, they usually see him in the morning with the marks on his face. She humiliated and had fired many female employees in her father’s factory, accusing them to be her husband’s lover. They even said that one time they saw him run out of the house with his clothes ripped and barefooted before disappearing for a few months. There were even rumours at the time, that she murdered him and buried his corpse in the garden.”
“How could that be?” Brian said in shock.
“You see why we don’t think it was Pak Guntoro who was behind the attack? What motives does he have? Especially that he recently married the woman who he left Bu Dini for.”
“What do you mean? I don’t understand.”
“According to the court records, five years ago Bu Dini alleged that her husband was cheating on her with Endang Suryati, obviously he denied it claiming his relationship with her to be completely platonic. But this is the same Endang Suryati who Pak Guntoro married a few months ago.” Lieutenant Chayono looked at him, “Pak Guntoro’s lawyer even sent us copies of the witness report stating that Bu Dini caused a scandal at his grandfather’s house causing his grandfather to suffer a heart attack and Miss Endang to be chastised by the community.”
Brian could feel his stomach turn. The woman the officer was talking about was a complete stranger to him.
“Mister Brian, I’m sorry to say this, but from the history of your wife’s behavior, we think that she had gained many enemies in the past, either one of them could be the person responsible for the attack.”
Brian arrived back in the hospital room dispirited. He looked at her who was lying on the bed. Her eyes were swollen and her body was full of bruises from the metal pipe that was struck several times on her flesh. He locked the door, not wanting anyone to disturb him at this moment.
She shrugged, “Mas Gun….” She called out in her sleep.
Brian felt his blood boil, his face became red with anger. He shook her body waking her up violently, “Dini….Dini….” His voice was cold and venomous.
She opened her eyes slightly, “Brian….” She whispered.
“You evil bitch. How long did you think you could continue making a fool out of me?” He grabbed her by the hair with his left hand.
“Brian….let me go, you’re hurting me…” Her voice was weak.
He held her face between his right index finger and thumb, “Listen to me you bitch, you are the one who is hurting me. Do you think that I wouldn’t find out about your past and about what’s going on in your head? You used me to get back at your ex, or was it to get back with your ex? Just because I look like him, it doesn’t mean I’m as stupid as he is. Do you think I’ll just roll over like him and let you trample all over me? You’re messing with the wrong guy.”
“……” She tried to get away, but her body was hurting and weak.
“As soon as you’re released from this hospital, we’re going back to Medellin, forget about returning to Brisbane, I’ll call my people to sell the apartment there, and you’re not ever coming back to this country again.” He said.
“Brian…..” She gasped, trying to make him release her.
He threw her back on the bed. “Dini, you’re my woman, don’t think that you can turn me into a laughing stock….”
He climbed on the bed, released his belt and pulled down his zipper, then he pulled up her hospital gown.
Dini cried, “Brian, don’t do this to me….” She barely had any strength to speak.
“I’ll show you how to respect your husband!” He growled.
“nDang, lend me your notes for Bu Nunik’s subject.” Riski ran up to her in the hall.
“Ris, I have something better! Come here…” Endang whispered to her best friend’s ear.
Riski laughed, “You’re pure evil.” She said, “And I’m saying it as a complement.” The two girls lifted their hands for a high five.
“Ndang, the tall guy from finance is looking for you. He’s waiting for you at the side of the building.” Arif walked up to them and said to Endang.
Endang looked at Riski, then pulled out her cell phone, texting Guntoro to let him know about Widodo. A few minutes later they saw him running down the stairs from the second floor of the faculty building. Guntoro glanced at her as he passed by and headed to the door.
Guntoro headed straight to the side of the faculty building, he saw Widodo standing there alone. He approached the young man. “Mas Widodo,” He addressed him politely, “I think you and I need to talk, let’s go to the shop, I’ll buy you something to drink.”
Widodo took a deep breath but nodded and followed behind him. They entered the shop and ordered some soft drinks.
“How have you been Mas Wododo?” Guntoro asked breaking the ice.
“I’m good Pak Gun.” The young man replied.
“Endang told me that you have been looking for her lately.”
“I just wanted to talk to her, to apologize about my previous behavior. I don't have her new cell phone number and she blocked my email address.” Widodo explained.
Guntoro nodded, “That’s very noble of you. I think I also owe you an apology.”
“What for?” Widodo asked.
“For the way I separated you from Endang.”
Widodo smiled, “She was just a dream for me, although we were dating, but I always knew that she wasn’t a hundred percent mine. Her heart was always reserved…….For you.” He paused, “I actually knew it from the beginning that it was you who she liked. I just chose to ignore it and pretend not to know.”
“And what made you think that her heart was reserved for me?” Guntoro asked.
“Well she accepted to be my girlfriend after running home crying because of seeing you hugging Bu Nunik, what could be more obvious than that?”
“But you decided to date her anyway?”
“I thought that I could make her forget you, but apparently not.” Widodo smiled.
“Mas Widodo, don’t feel bad, Endang and I go way back, even before she entered to study here.”
Widodo nodded, “I can imagine, the two of you grew up together.”
Guntoro smiled, “We’ve been through a lot to be together, and now she’s finally my wife.”
Widodo looked up at him in surprise, “Then I suppose I should congratulate the two of you.”
“Thank you,” Guntoro said.
“Could you please send her my congratulations and regards? Also let her know that my application for an apprenticeship in a company in Surabaya has been accepted, so I will be leaving Malang very soon.”
“Then I suppose I should congratulate you also, what company are you going to do your apprenticeship?” He asked with a smile.
“In PT Arta Waskita,” He replied.
Guntoro’s smile disappeared “I wish you all the luck in the world, young man.” He said with all his sympathy.
“Pak Guntoro, thank you for the drink, I think I’ll be heading back to my boarding house now. Thank you for taking the time to talk to me.” He said while shaking Guntoro’s hand
“Like wise,” Guntoro replied.
Guntoro watched until Widodo left the shop before standing up and paying for the drinks.
He walked out the door, heading back to the faculty. At the front of the faculty building he saw one of Endang’s friends hop off a motorcycle, he remembered her as one of the girls who came to their house on her house warming party. She was with a young man who was driving the motorcycle. They smiled to each other affectionately. “Ah, young love” Guntoro smiled.
The young man started the motorcycle and passed a few meters in front of him, Guntoro observed him until he disappeared into the distance. The young man looked very familiar to him, but he couldn’t remember where he’d seen him before.  He tried to search his memory but he couldn’t seem to find the answer. Guntoro shook his head, “I’ll remember it sooner or later.” He thought.
“Did you talk to him?” Endang asked when they were in the car.
Guntoro nodded.
“And how did it go?”
“It went well. He sent you his congratulations and regards, and he wanted me to tell you that he’s leaving Malang to start his apprenticeship in Surabaya, in PT Arta Waskita, the factory belonging to Dini’s father.” Guntoro laughed, “Poor guy!”
“Don’t be mean!” She scold, “I’m happy for him for the apprenticeship. By any chance does your ex-father in law have any other daughters you’re not aware of?” Endang laughed.
“Now who’s being mean?”
They arrived at the house and the guard opened the gate for them. Endang entered the house immediately as Guntoro stayed for a while to talk with the guard. She put her bag down in the room, and headed for the kitchen to make some tea, she put her cell phone down on the kitchen table.
She filled the pot with water and put it on the stove to boil. Her cell phone suddenly buzzed letting her know that a text message came in. She picked up her phone and checked the screen, her face was pale in surprise reading the content of the message from an unknown number. She quickly ran out to find Guntoro.
“Mas Gun, Mas Gun, somebody sent me a weird text message…” She said.
“Let me see,” Guntoro said while taking the phone from her.
“I punished that witch for you. You should realize by now that no one can love you more than me. Endang, I’ll forgive all your misbehavior if you leave Guntoro immediately.”
Chapter Twenty Five

“Can you think of anyone who would have any reasons to write a message like this? Maybe an ex-boyfriend or something?” Lieutenant Cahyono asked.
Endang looked at Guntoro and shook her head, “My ex-boyfriend, Mas Widodo doesn’t know Dik Dini, I doubt he would be the one behind this.” She said.
“And I spoke to him earlier today, he seemed sincere when he congratulated us on our marriage,” Guntoro added.
Lieutenant Cahyono nodded his head, “Pak Guntoro, you seem pretty well-off for a part time lecturer. You even have your own personal assistant, 24 hours security guards and a chief of security, what actually is the nature of your business?”
“I’m sorry, what?” Guntoro asked.
“Your Chief of Security, Pak Wahyu, I spoke to him regarding the break in at your residence.”
Guntoro shook his head and pinched between his brows, “Wahyu is not my chief of security, he is my longtime friend, and we knew each other since high school. Rahmat is his nephew who is studying in university, so he runs errands for me to earn some pocket money. And the security guards, they’re high school graduates who need work until they get a permanent one of course. We hired them after the attempted break in, for my wife’s sake.”
“Ah, I see…..” The Lieutenant nodded.
“Eh, Lieutenant, I’ve just change my cellphone number a month ago, not many people have it just my closest friends, and most of them are girls. I’m very sure that none of my friends know Dik Dini, even though she came to our faculty building, but she was there for only a few minutes, and I’ve never spoken about her to anyone.”
“Pak Guntoro and Bu Guntoro  thank you for providing us with this information, we will let you know if we find anything.” He stood up.
“Thank you Lieutenant.” Guntoro shook his hand, he turned to Endang, “Let’s go.”
They walked out of the office, Guntoro looked at her pale face, “Are you okay?”
She smiled and nodded unconvincingly.
Guntoro hugged her by the shoulder, “Don’t worry.”
“Anies, you got over Pak Guntoro so fast.” Riski teased, “I just saw you riding around on a motorcycle with a handsome young man.”
“My boyfriend goes to Polytechnic.” She said while smiling shyly, “We met at Bu Warta’s shop coincidently while having lunch, he introduced himself to me and the rest was history.”
“Ah…..congratulations, when do we get to meet this fine young gentleman?” Endang asked.
“I’ll ask him.” She smiled proudly.
“Guys, we should get going, the exam is about to start.” Riski panicked.
They ran into the classroom together. Endang was happy for her friend, she felt relieved that Anies had moved on and was now happy with her new found romance.
“Here, this is your new cell phone number.” Guntoro said while handing her back the cell phone after installing the new sim card. “Make note of who you give your number to that way we can at least try to control who texts you or calls you.”
“Thank you.” She said softly, “Mas Gun, I…I can’t thank you and everyone enough for everything you’ve done for me. You’re grandparents raised me, Mas Koes and mBak Yuni have been like my second parents, and you, you’re the best thing that ever happened to me. I’m very grateful and I feel blessed.”
“nDang, you don’t have to thank me for anything. I love you.” He kissed her on the cheek, “And to prove it, today I’m going to make us dinner.”
“Hang on a minute.” Endang grabbed him by the wrist, “You cook?”
“Oh yeah, how do you think I ate before we were married? I can’t go to restaurants three times a day. Pfft, what a waste of money.”
“So the other day, when I was busy studying for Bu Nunik’s exam, and you practically dragged me into the kitchen to cook for you and the guys out there, you complained that you didn’t know how to cook and you didn’t want the five kilos of fish that you bought to spoil, so you made me……..”
“That wasn’t me…” Guntoro replied.
“Yes it was!”
“Nope. That was your evil niece in law who makes you eat left-overs and sleep in the kitchen.”
“How did you…”
“How did I know? I was reprimanded in front of all the other lecturers by that woman, I felt my ears were going to fall off having to listen to her two hour long lecture on decency and respect towards my family.” He took a deep breath, then put on a big smile and ran to the door, “Isn’t payback fun?”
“Mas Gun! You’re so mean.” She chased after him, holding her sandal in her hand as a weapon.
“Guys, next Saturday is my birthday.” Anies said in high spirit, “I want to invite you to my villa in Batu to celebrate it.”
“Yay…..” They cheered.
“Free food….free food…….” Syaiful raised his hand up to the air and clapped loudly.
“Stop acting like you’re starving to death.” Riski pinched his back.
“Ouch…” He complained
“Shht…..” A girl hushed them, “Pak Gun’s here.”
Guntoro entered the classroom door, walking directly to the desk and putting his books there. “What’s all the cheering and commotion about? What are we celebrating?” He asked cheerfully.
“It’s Anies’s birthday next Saturday. She’s invited us for free food.” Syaiful said out loud.
“Congratulations, Mbak Anies.” He smiled. “I hope you have fun with your friends.”
“Pak Gun, you’re welcome to come if you like.” Anies said to him.
“Me? An old man like me will only bore you guys to death.” He smiled, followed by the hooting of the students.
“Pak Gun, you can take your new wife so we can get to know her.”
Guntoro smiled glancing at Endang from the corner of his eyes he said, “We’ll see, guys, we’ll see. Come on, let’s start our lesson for today.”
“Can we go and buy Anies a present?” Endang asked.
“Sure, why not? Where do you want to go?” He asked.
“Depends how much you’re willing to spend.” She said in a canny tone.
Guntoro laughed, “What do you want to get her?”
“I don’t know, maybe some makeup or jewelry, something nice, and we’ll also get a present from you.”
“Okay, that wouldn’t be a problem. Let’s go to Sarinah department store. First we’ll go see a movie, then we can go shopping.”
“I have no problem with that….” Endang replied.
They chose a movie that they considered both of them could enjoy. Smuggling in the snacks that they bought in the supermarket. Half way through the movie, Guntoro was beginning to feel bored. He glanced at Endang who was sitting beside him submerged in the story. He smiled, feeling the urge to disturb her, first pulling strands of her hair then pinching her cheeks. Endang glanced at him, and ignored his childish behavior. “When it’s dark like this, nobody will see that I’m an old man.” He whispered.
“Leave me alone! The movie is interesting!”
He held a few strands of her hair and used the edges to tickle her face. “Stop it!” She said slapping his hand.
Guntoro laughed cheekily, “Do you like the movie?” He whispered.
“It’s interesting, if you’d let me watch it.”
“Go ahead, you continue watching, I’m going to entertain myself in the meantime.” Moving his hand and putting on her lap then sneaking it under her skirt. Endang quickly slapped his hand as hard as she could.
Guntoro laughed complaining slightly, “Aren’t you rancorous.”
“I have more where that came from.” She poked her tongue while showing her hand to him.
He pulled her closer and kissed her cheek, “You’re so cute.” He whispered in a playful tone.
“Mas, somebody might be watching us!”
“Okay….sorry….”
Seeing her concentrated, he began to disturb her again. “Stop that! Stop that! Stop that!” she started slapping him on the back.
The people sitting behind them were beginning to feel disturbed, “Shhhh.”
Guntoro giggled while leaning back on his chair.
They couple sitting in front of them apparently felt disturbed too. The man turned around facing them, “Please be quiet. We’re trying to watch the movie!” He said.
Endang looked at him with her eyes wide opened, “Gatot?” She exclaimed.
The girl with him turned around also, “Endang? Pak Gun? Are you here too?” Anies said, she looked at Endang, “Do you know my boyfriend?”
They sat at a table in the food court, ”Tot, how are you? I didn’t know that you came to study here in Malang.” Endang said.
“Endang, Mas Gun, how have you been? It’s been a long time since I saw you. How long has it been? Five years was it? When Endang suddenly disappeared and never came back.”
“There was a family problem, that caused my father decide to move Endang to another school.” Guntoro responded.
“So I heard, I’m sorry about that,” Gatot replied.
“Anies and I go to the same faculty,” Ending explained, “Nies, Gatot is my childhood friend, we went to school together since elementary school, his one of my best friends,” Endang said to Anies.
“I didn’t know that,” Anies said, “I knew you came from Jember too, but I didn’t know that the two of you were close friends.”
“Yes, close friends, we’re close friends, ” Gatot murmured.
“And it’s just the two of you here?” Anies asked them.
Endang and Guntoro looked at each other, he took a deep breath and nodded, “Yes, it’s just the two of us.”
“And your wife?” Anies asked.
“Nies, what are you saying? Endang is Mas Guntoro’s wife, I found out about it last month from my relatives who lives in the same street as Mas Gun’s parents.” Gatot said.
Anies was surprised she looked at them with her eyes wide opened, “But I thought that the two of you were aunt and nephew.”
Guntoro exhaled, “Endang was raised by my grandparents, that’s why I call her aunt, but we’re actually distant relatives.”
“But, why didn’t you…..why not tell everybody about it?” Anies asked again.
“That was my decision.” Guntoro replied, “I wanted Endang to be able to enjoy her university days with her friends, without people distancing from her because she’s a lecturer’s wife.”
“Ah, I see.” Anies said softly.
“Nies, do you mind not telling anybody about this?” Endang asked.
“Sure….I suppose….” Anies replied.
“Thank you.” Endang smiled.
“Mas Guntoro, you wouldn’t mind if I go to your house and play once in a while, would you?” Gatot asked.
“Of course I wouldn’t mind. By the way, what are you studying here in Malang?”
“I’m in the first year of Polytechnic,” Gatot replied.
“Why are you just in the first year?” Endang asked, “Did you take a break from studying?”
Gatot looked at her sharply, “After I graduated high school, I decided to work first, I worked with the people who rented your father’s land, you know doing farming to take care of that land. I didn’t want to leave the neighborhood, because, I planned my future there. Who knew that my dreams were destroyed?” His voice began to sound very dark.
“What happened?” Guntoro asked.
Gatot smiled, “Things changed, just like people, they change also. Some people are easily lured by money and promises of the easy big city life, forgetting and betraying the people who really care for them.” Gatot said to himself.
His tone of voice made Guntoro feel uneasy, to lighten the situation he asked, “And how about the others? Where are they now?”
“They’re scattered all over the place, Siti got married to Dwi, remember him?” Gatot looked at Endang, “He used to be our senior in high school.”
“Yes I remember him.” She said.
“Eko and Kurniawan entered the army. To sum it up, everybody spread out their own ways.”
“Wow, I miss those days playing in the rice fields,” Endang said dreamily, “I wish I could go back to those days.”
Gatot’s face brightened up, “Do you really? He asked.
Endang smiled and nodded, “Yes, those were some of the happiest days of my life.”
“I don’t want to be a party pooper, but it’s getting late, and I have to go home.” Anies said.
“Ah, okay…I’ll take you home,” Gatot said. “It was good to meet you again.”
“Like wise, Tot,” Guntoro said, “We’ll be seeing you around then.”
“Yes, you definitely will,” Gatot replied.
Since Anies already found out about their relationship, Guntoro didn’t mind going with Endang to her friend’s birthday party, although they did keep a distance to prevent the other student from finding out. Endang found that Anies’s mother was a great cook, and what she liked the most was that she was very friendly and didn’t mind giving cooking tips and recipes.
Endang spent most of her time mingling with her friends, Riski and Anies more than anybody else, she would look around from time to time to see where Guntoro was, he was with Anies’s father most of the time. Maybe it’s because of their age. Ending thought.
Guntoro sat in the terrace chatting with Anies’s father. The older man was very knowledgeable about real estate investment and gave Guntoro a few pointers that he thought was feasible. He looked at the students who were mingling and joking with each other, he smiled as the memory of another group of young people flashed before his eyes.
“nDang, can we talk?” Gatot came up to her.
“Eh, Tot, of course.” She replied.
They walked to a separate location, at the far end of the garden.
“nDang, you don’t know how much I miss you. Why did you leave without saying anything?” He asked.
“I miss you and the guys too. My brother in law made that decision, it wasn’t until recently I found out why he moved me out of the school and the neighborhood so abruptly.” Endang told.
“Yes, it was because of that evil witch, she came to your house and started saying bad things about you. I was there that day. I didn’t go to school because I had a fever. But since that woman was screaming so loud, everybody started going out of their houses to find out what happened. I became curios and went to your house too. She told everybody that you had an adulterous relationship with Mas Guntoro, she told everyone that you exchanged yourself, your body, for money. Was that true, nDang?”
“Tot, of course not, I’m not that kind of person, and Mas Guntoro was always nice to me and took care of me, he never did anything to disrespect me.”
Gatot nodded, “nDang, you were my girlfriend, how could you leave me just like that, and how could you involve yourself with another man?”
“Tot, what are you talking about? I was never your girlfriend, you were always a very dear and close friend to me, but I never saw you more than a friend.”
“That’s a lie. Endang, we were born for each other, everybody knew that you were my girlfriend, if you didn’t love me too, why did you spend your time with me, why did you smile and blush at my advances, why go to volley ball practice with me, and most of all, why did you tell me to work at your father’s land? Isn’t that a sign that you loved me?”
“Tot, I think you misunderstood me, I never asked you to work at my father’s land, I was just joking, and you came for me every day for volleyball practice, as a friend I didn’t see any reason why I should refuse to go together.”
“As a friend? And what about him? Why did you leave me for him? What did you see in him? His money? His looks? Or is it the way he touches you? I can work hard to find money for you, a lot of people say that I’m handsome, and I can touch you and love you better than him.” He said while moving forward to take her hand.
Endang stepped backward, “It was you, wasn’t it? You were the one who attacked Dik Dini, You were the one who tried to break into our house, and also you sent me the text message.”
“It hurts nDang…” His eyes began to tear up, “It hurts seeing my woman laughing and enjoying herself in the arms of another man. You couldn’t even begin to imagine how it hurts me to see through the bedroom window all the disgusting things he does to you, and how humiliating it feels knowing that you respond to him.”
“Get away from me!” Endang stepped backward trying to get away from him, he grabbed her by the wrist to prevent her from leaving.
“Let go of me…” She shouted, trying to pry his fingers off.
Gatot took something out of his pocket, “You’re a whore just like her!” He said with hate, “I’m going to make him end up just like your father! My mother always told me how much she loved him. My mother loved him even though she had my father, and even after she gave birth to me, she never stopped loving him. But you see, my father was no fool, he showed her how to respect him. He sent your father to hell. Now I’m going to show you how to respect me!”
“Don’t hurt him, please, don’t hurt Mas Gun!” She pulled his hand. “I won’t let you hurt him.” She pulled his arm back with more strength causing him to accidently thrust backward hitting her stomach.
Guntoro’s smile faded away, suddenly he remembered a slim, and tall young man with light skin. A young man who knew about Dini, and who knew about his relationship with Endang. He stood up frantically looking around the property for his wife, he ran to the garden and began asking everybody if they saw her.
       “I think she went to the far end of the garden with her childhood friend!” Syaiful said.
“Towards what direction?” He asked half yelling.
“Th….that way…” Syaiful pointed.
Guntoro’s face was a white as paper, he ran towards the direction that Syaiful pointed. Syaiful followed behind him sensing that something was wrong. Guntoro saw Endang leaning against a tree, when she saw him, she slowly walked towards him.
“Mas Gun…” She called out.
Guntoro rushed to her, she was pale and weak, she was about to fall but luckily he caught her in time, preventing her from tumbling to the ground. A warm liquid trickled down his hand, from the corner of his eyes he could see that it came from the red fluid that stained her shirt.
He screamed out her name as she slowly began to lose consciousness in his arms.


















Chapter Twenty Six

Guntoro lifted her body in his arm, running towards the driveway where his car was parked.
“Pak Gun, I’ll drive,” Syaiful said as he quickly followed behind Guntoro.
The other student watched in confusion not knowing what had happened. Riski instinctively ran towards the car, as she was closer to it and opened both the back seat doors.
Guntoro gently placed Endang in the back seat leaning her against Riski’s shoulder and got ready to sit down.
“Pak Gun the keys,” Syaiful said as he opened the driver door.
Guntoro’s hands were shaking and sticky from the blood that was seeping out of her wound, he reached down to his pocket, accidently dropping the keys to the ground. Syaiful quickly jumped and picked up the keys. He sat in the driver’s seat and started the car.
Guntoro took off his jacket and folded it, using it to cover Endang’s wound and putting pressure on it.
“Endang, hang on, be strong….” Riski cried.
Endang opened her eyes slightly, “Ndang, you’ll be alright.” Guntoro whispered pulling her weak body towards him without letting go of her stomach. “Don’t leave me... don’t leave me…” He cried while kissing her hair.
Endang moved her lips “Mas, Gatot’s father he killed my father” She whispered weakly.
“I promise you I’ll look into it later, but promise me that you’ll be alright.” He said, “nDang, try to stay wake, okay? Keep talking to me. Look, Riski is here with us.”
“NDang, don’t worry about it, you’re going to be fine, do you remember that we made a promise to go the Pantai Bale Kambang[43] together? I spoke with my parents and they gave me permission to go, maybe next month, let’s all go there, I’m sure Pak Gun will let us use his car.” She said ignoring her tears that didn’t stop falling.
“I feel cold.” She whispered
Guntoro moved his body a little to put his arms around her, “I’ll keep you warm, let me keep you warm….”
Syaiful slowed down the car as they neared the hospital’s ICU entrance. He stopped the car and Guntoro almost immediately jumped off. He carried Endang out of the car and ran towards the door.
“Help me….” He cried out, “She was stabbed.”
The nurses ran towards him pushing a stretcher. He gently put her down on it and followed them as they wheeled her away towards the resuscitation area. He stood spiritlessly as they closed the door in front of him without saying a word.
“We need you to wait outside.” A nurse said without any emotions.
Guntoro stood at the front of the door, holding his head. He slowly lowered his hands seeing her blood still staining it with a painful red color. The strong smell of iron entered his nose, but felt like a dagger to his heart.
Dejectedly he walked to the toilet to wash his hand. No matter how much soap and water he used, the smell just wouldn’t go away.
He returned to the emergency room, Syaiful and Riski were already sitting there, their faces gloomy and tense, not knowing what will happen now.

Gatot drove his motorbike like crazy, trying to disappear from the villa as fast as he can. A few times he almost crashed into pedestrians crossing the streets as he speeded through the red light. He arrived at his boarding house, without greeting anybody he ran into his room and locked the door.
"She brought it on herself.” He said to himself, “If she didn’t insist in protecting that bastard, none of this would have happened. It’s her fault, it’s her fault.”
He paced back and forwards holding his head with both hands. He stopped for a while, peering out his window then he quickly walked up to his closet and started filling his backpack with clothes. He walked to the door, opened it and rushed out again.
A nurse walked up to him asking him to fill out the paper works, he followed her to the front desk. He quickly dialed Wahyu to let him know about the situation and to make the police report. Then he called his parents who took the news difficultly.
Guntoro clinched the bridge of his nose and began to massage his forehead. He was feeling tired and desperate. Finally, the door opened and the doctor came out of the resuscitation room.
Guntoro hastily stood up, “How is my wife?” He asked.
The doctor exhaled before answering solemnly while patting Guntoro’s shoulder, “We did our very best.”
“Doctor, are you saying that my wife is….” Guntoro couldn’t continue his words his heart sank to the floor.
“Yes, your wife is stable. The procedure went well. As I said, we did our very best.” He replied.
Guntoro felt his soul rush back into his body. “She’s fine, doctor?”
“She hasn’t regained consciousness yet, we had to give her blood transfusion because she had lost a large amount of blood, and it seems knife didn’t puncture any vital organs, but we still have to closely monitor her for any latent signs of evisceration. For now, that’s all we can do. The nurses are applying the bandages, we will move her to the observation room in a few minutes. You can go and see her once she’s there.”
“Thank you, doctor.” He said.
She was lying on the bed with her eyes closed, the beeping noise from the life support machine, sounded eerie and depressing. Guntoro’s heart stung seeing her condition, needles penetrating her skin, and pipes providing her body with oxygen.
“Endang, wake up!” He whispered while putting the palm on his hand against her hairline, “Your friends are outside they’re worried about you. Bapak and Ibu are also on their way here to see you You have to wake up soon to greet them, okay?”

“Why did this have to happen?” She sobbed.
“Shh… everything is going to be alright.” Syaiful said wishfully.
It was all like a surreal nightmare for Guntoro as he reached for the button and pressed it down with all his strength. His face was pale and his entire body shaking. The sound of the long endless beep that filled his ears was like a sword stabbing at his soul. The doctors and nurses ran inside pushing a defibrillator, somebody pushed him out of the room, from the distance he could see as the doctor’s put the paddles on her chest and her body jolting up, a nurse jumped to her side and started pumping her chest as another on pumped air into her mouth, the doctor repeated the procedure, he cried as she convulsed to the electrical current that ran mercilessly through her body. Even with all that the long beep still dominated his audition. He was about to step inside again to run to her side when suddenly the door closed in his face.
He felt his legs weak as he fell to the floor, hands helped him up and led him to a chair. Voices like in slow motion surrounding him, making him feel dizzy and nauseous. He stood up and ran to the bathroom emptying what little content his stomach had in the toilet. And just like that he was transported back to earth again.
“Gun, are you okay?” He heard his father’s voice.
He nodded while lifting his body then walked to the hand basin. He splashed water on his face over and over again as if washing away the cruel reality that surrounded him.
“Here drink this.” Pak Koes handed him a bottle of tea. “You haven’t eaten anything since yesterday. If you get sick, you won’t be able to take care of your wife.”
He accepted the bottle and took a drink, only to break down in tears.
Wahyu arrived with the police in front of the boarding they rang the bell and Widodo opened the door.
“Were looking for Gatot, the one that comes from Jember and studies in Polytechnic.” Lieutenant Cahyono said.
“He isn’t here,” Widodo replied, “I mean he arrived, but shortly after I saw him leave bringing his bag. What is this about?”
“He is the primary suspect in the stabbing of Bu Endang Guntoro.”
“En…Endang was stabbed? Why?” His face turned pale, “How is she? Where is she?”
“She’s still in the hospital, in Batu, she’s in a coma.” Wahyu replied
Widodo stepped backward leaning himself against the wall, he covered his face and began to cry, “Can I go and see her? Please, I need to know how she is. I just want to be near her to know how she is………”
Wahyu nodded, “She’s in the intensive care unit.”
Gatot arrived at the neighborhood just as it was beginning to turn dark. He knew that he couldn’t go to his house that would be the first place where they would go to look for him.
He turned his motorcycle towards the rice field heading to the river. Suddenly several men in brown uniform appeared in front of him, he tried to turn his motorcycle to his right hand side, but it caused him to fall into the rice field. The policemen ran towards him, he felt someone pulling him up from the ground and twisting his arm behind his back.
Endang stretched her hand out to feel the rice plants as she walked in the field. The wind was blowing her face, making her hair fan out behind her. She skipped and hopped playfully breathing in the fresh crisp air. All her senses were thankful enjoying the majestic nature in front of her.
The little finches scattered in panic as she ran up to them and frightened them away, their little wings flapping in the air and their little angry chirps to her seemed as if they were blighting her.
She waved both hands up in the air laughing out loud, then continued to skip around the field looking up to the sky, opening her arms and turning around in circles.
She saw a small opened hut in the middle of the field, she ran up to it and entered, she laid down on the clean pandanus mat that was spread out on the floor of the hut, the breeze that caused the trees to sway around her also made her feel cool despite the abundance of sunlight.
She heard the sound of footsteps approaching the hut, she sat up to take a look at who was coming. She saw a young man in his early twenties, he had a hoe over his shoulder and on his head was a bamboo hat. The man stopped in front of the hut and took off his hat. To Endang’s surprise, he was in her opinion very handsome, his face was oval, his smile friendly, his eyes very gentle, and when he smiled to greet her, he had dimples on both cheeks.
“Why are you here?” He asked her kindly.
“Me? I’m here because….because…..I don’t know why I’m here.” She replied becoming confused. “But I like it here, it’s so beautiful, I want to stay here forever. Can I stay, please?”
The young man smiled, “I’m happy that you came here, I glad that I got a chance to meet you and talk to you, you are a very beautiful and special girl. But you should go now, it’s not time yet for you to be here.”
“But why?” Endang asked looking straight at him.
The young man smiled again, showing his dimples, “Because you still have to live, my child. You still have many things ahead of you, to contribute to society, to have children of your own and raise them, and to take care of their children too. And because there is somebody very special waiting for you, the one who’s heart is breaking seeing your condition at this moment. Go back to him, I’ll be here waiting for you. When the time comes, we’ll meet again. I promise.”
“But….but….”
“Go now, that way.” He pointed towards the middle of the rice field, “Go….”
Endang hesitated for a while, but then she did what he said, she climbed down from the hut and walked towards the middle of the rice field. She turned back to look at the young man, and he waved his hand to her.
“I’ve always been watching over you, and I will continue to do so…….” He shouted.
Endang smiled at him and waved to him, “Thank you.” She shouted back.
She arrived at the spot that he pointed to her, suddenly she the ground under her began to sink. She tried to grab hold of something to prevent herself from falling, but everything around her was sucked into the growing hole.
Endang found herself alone in the dark, a familiar voice was calling her from the darkness, she looked around her trying to find the source, but she couldn’t see anything. A sharp pain suddenly appeared on her stomach, she tried to clutch it to no avail.  Endang closed her eyes to try to minimize the pain, it seemed to work, as her body began to feel comfortable. She opened her eyes slowly.
“Ndang, welcome back…..” Guntoro smiled in relief while kissing her hand.

Endang walked to the stage, she smiled as the Rector handed her the diploma, she couldn’t help but feel proud of herself as he moved the tassel on her tam. She walked passed the academic board who shook her hands respectively. Arriving at the end of the stage she walked down the steps carefully, supporting her huge belly with her left hand. She smiled at the direction of her family as she sat back on her seat.
Guntoro was surrounded by the students who wanted to take their graduation photo with him. He accepted without letting his wife out of his sigh.
“Ndang don’t move, stay there!” Syaiful said, “Guys, come here. Let’s take a group photo! Come here, we shouldn’t tire Endang by making her walk around too much!”
Endang stayed put as her friends merrily walked towards her. They all hurdled together in front of the faculty building. Parents and family taking pictures of them as memorabilia of the last day they get to act as carefree young adults before they enter into the world of responsible grown-ups, with work and family.
Suddenly Endang felt a growing pain around her waist, “Mas Gun, come here for a minute” She called out to Guntoro.
Guntoro leisurely walked towards her, “What is it?” He asked lovingly.
“I think it’s time.” She whispered.
“Time for?” he looked at his watch not understanding what she was getting at.
“The baby, it’s time, I think I’m going into labor.”
Guntoro was surprised, he felt the palm of his hands beginning to sweat, “We have to go to the hospital.” He said. He ran towards the car, leaving Endang standing in the same spot.
He ran towards the car, leaving Endang standing in the same spot.
“Mas Gun, I think it would be a good idea take me with you to the hospital.” She shouted.
Glossary

[1] Pak is the Indonesian honorifics equivalent to Mr.
[2] Mas is Javanese honorifics to name men slightly older than one’s self.
[3] Malang a city in East Java.
[4] Dik is short for Adik, honorifics used to c all someone younger than one’s self or if the other person is considered younger in the family hierarchy.
[5] Bu Lik is honorifics for Auntie.
[6] Indonesian style meatball soup.
[7] Arjuna is a fictional character from the epic Mahabharata who is supposedly the most handsome out of the five Pandav brothers. In Javanese folklore, he was a womanizer having several wives.
[8] Bu is an abbreviation of Ibu, literally means mother, but in Indonesia it is used as honorifics equivalent to Miss or Mrs.
[9] mBak is honorifics for older sister or a women slightly older than one’s self
[10] Bapak is father
[11] mBah Kakung means grandpa
[12] Mbah Putri is the Javanese word for grandma.
[13] Kondangan means to attend a wedding party and congratulate the bride and groom.
[14] Bapake Gun literally means Gun’s father, it’s an endearing way to refer to one’s husband.
[15] KUA or Kantor Urusan Agama is the Indonesian Office of Religious Affairs.
[16] Penguhulu is government official in charge of marrying people in the Muslim way.
[17] Ijab in a marriage contract the father of the bride or representative declares that he marries the bride to the groom.
[18] Kabul is the statement of the groom accepting the named woman as his wife.
[19] Nak is abbreviation for anak meaning child, so Nak is honorifics used to refer to a young person.
[20] Kebaya, Javanese traditional women’s attire
[21] Selamatan ceremonial ritual practiced by the people of Java, where neighbors and friends are invited to eat to ask for blessing from God. The attendance sit on a pandanus leaf mat on the floor, and usually yellow rice and several dishes are arranged in a mountain like arrangement called nasi tumpeng.
[22] Janda Kembang is a slang to refer to a woman who has been married but is still a virgin.
[23] Tante adaptation from the Dutch language meaning aunt
[24] Siomay, Indonesia style dim sum dipped in peanut sauce.
[25] Mbak is honorifics used to call a woman slightly older than oneself, but it’s also common courtesy to call this to a young woman in lieu of Miss.
[26] Batu a small town adjacent to the City of Malang.
[27] A famous spot in up mountain in Batu where you can see the city lights at night.
[28] Jalan Malioboro is a major shopping street in Yogyakarta, Indonesia
[29] Siwa is the Javanese word for Shiva
[30] Kresna is the Javanese word for Krishna
[31] Wisnu is the Javanese word for Vishnu
[32] Pak Lik is uncle 

[33] Topeng monyet is a traditional street entertainment where monkeys are trained to perform tricks. (I personally hate it grrr….cruelty to animals)
[34] In the Javanese version of Mahabarata, the children of Arjuna, when a boy his name will start with Bambang, and when a girl it would start with Endang.
[35] Indonesian ID cards have marital status included in it.
[36] Referring to a spinoff in the Javanese version of Mahabarata. The love story of Gatotkaca king of Pringgandani with the daughter of Arjuna, Endang Pergiwa.
[37] Owl longing for the moon (pungguk merindukan bulan) an Indonesian proverb to express an unrequited love or an un-fulfilled love due to difference in social status or physical appearance.
[38] Traditional Javanese theatrical Javanese dance theatrical performance with themes taken from episodes of the Ramayana or Mahabharata. Performances are stylized, reflecting Javanese court culture
[39] If you’re ever in Malang East Java, check this place out https://foursquare.com/v/mie-pangsit-gajah-mada/4cde3bbbdb125481c4a12fce
[40] Pangsit Mie is a Chinese-influenced noodle dish that is very much loved by the Indonesian people. Can only be described by one word “Yummy” <3
[41] East Javanese traditional dance
[42] Theatrical act from East Java, usually showcase traditional dancing and comedy episodes.
[43] Pantai Bale Kambang a beach located on the southern coast of Malang where on a small island off its coast there is a Hindu temple.

Connect with Evida Suntoyo

Thank you for reading my book, I hope it has inspired you to get to know a little bit more about Indonesia and it’s culture. 

If you like my story, please give me a good review, I appreciate it.

I really appreciate you reading my book!  Here are my social media coordinates:

Friend me on Facebook:  http://facebook.com/AFAASun
Follow me on Twitter:  http://twitter.com/esuntoyo
Favorite my Smashwords author page:  https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/indoromance
Subscribe to my blog:  http://indoromance.com/

