
Deceiving the Duke of Kerrington
Ladies of Deception Book 1

A Novel

Ginny Hartman


Copyright 2013 by Ginny Hartman
All rights reserved.
Cover design by Ginny Hartman
Book design by Ginny Hartman
Smashwords Edition
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

To Kim, who was there when my imagination took flight and encouraged me all the way.


Part One


Chapter 1

Pierce Chadwick, the Duke of Kerrington, observed his surroundings with disdain. Once again he found himself at another monotonous ball given by another over indulged lady of society with too much money on her hands. The ballroom was filled with white hothouse roses and a plethora of members of the ton, making this event a veritable crush. Lady Sedgewick would be pleased. Pierce grabbed another glass of champagne off the tray passing by, quickly downing its contents in one large gulp. It was his third glass and so far it was proving not nearly effective enough to dull his senses. He’d have to go in search of something stronger if he had any hopes of making it through the rest of the evening. 
The endless stream of assemblies and routs were wearing on his nerves. He had never been prone to enjoying the festivities of the ton, often finding the endless dancing and keeping up pretenses wearisome and tedious but growing up as the Duke of Kerrington’s heir he had all but been required to attend, to keep up appearances and of course, to look for a bride. He had often been rebellious in his youth, spending more time at his club, White’s, or gallivanting around with his cronies than taking the marriage mart seriously. But since the death of his father two years past and since taking on the title of duke himself he was being forced to take his duties more seriously.
The duty that was forefront of his mind was taking a wife and producing an heir. Not a desirable task if you asked him, but seems that no one cared much about what he thought anyway. There may have been a time in his life when he wouldn’t have minded the prospect of falling in love, getting married and starting a family of his own, but that was all in the past. For season after season he had attended every monotonous ball, every wearisome garden party, and every dull rout in hopes of finding that elusive lady with whom he would fall madly in love. But season after season proved just as ineffective as the last. 
The ladies of the ton bored him. He had grown tired years ago of fortune-hunting, title-seeking ladies and their over anxious mama’s, and found he could hardly tolerate their idle chatter long enough to endure a single dance with any of them. He knew his aloofness only added fuel to the already burning fires regarding his reputation as a notorious rake but he didn’t care. Let them think what they may, for the ton often did whatever they wanted in that regards anyway. 
Setting his glass down on the table he looked up in time to see a girl looking at him coyly. Not just any girl however but a debutant clad in a white dress, her hair expertly coiffed like almost every other girl in attendance. Pierce wanted to groan in frustration. He supposed she was pleasant enough to look at, with her ebony hair piled high on her head and her lips the color of crushed berries, but it would take more than an attractive face to lure him in. He knew there was one thing only on the minds of any debutante and that was catching a husband, the bigger the title the better. He quickly turned on his heel, heading in the opposite direction before the girl could get close enough to trap him into what would inevitably be a never ending dance filled with pathetic attempts at flirtation.
Pierce exited the ballroom, relieved to get out of the stifling heat and began wandering down the long hall seeking other distractions to take his mind off his current search for an acceptable wife.  He poked his head into a room that had been set up for gaming and quickly entered, knowing that a game or two of piquet would be the perfect diversion. 
“Well if it isn’t the Duke of Kerrington,” Pierce’s good friend Elliot, the Viscount Martineau sauntered towards Pierce, a drink in one hand and his other arm going clumsily around the Duke’s shoulders, obviously already deep in his cups. If there was one person who hated parties more than him it was Lord Martineau. He was constantly sought out by various women of the ton who thought it was tragically romantic that he had vowed to never fall in love again after his first and only love had disappeared mysteriously. They found him a challenge and often made bets to see who could get him to fall in love with them first. So far there had been no winners.
“Let me guess Martineau, you’ve already gambled away your vast fortune and entire estate and are looking for me to bail you out?” Kerrington asked facetiously, thumping the other man good-naturedly on the back as he spoke. 
“Hardly your grace, though I do admit that the Earl of Brattondale is playing a fine hand tonight. I’ve already lost to him twice.”
Suddenly Pierce’s interest was piqued, Elliot rarely gambled and when he did he rarely lost. “Really?” he asked, one dark eyebrow raised. “Which one is Lord Brattondale?”
“The nearly bald man in the corner,” Lord Martineau replied.
Pierce quickly scanned the dim room, his eyes landing on the portly bald man sitting rigidly in his chair, intent on the game before him. Pierce instantly decided he’d be his next opponent, feeling more enlivened by the prospect of a rousing card game than of entering the crowded ballroom once again. His feet ached at the prospect of finding himself subject to more tiresome dancing. He made his way across the room and waited patiently for Lord Brattondale to finish his hand before sitting down in the empty chair at the table across from him and offering to play. 
“Ah, think you can best me now do you?” Lord Brattondale’s chest puffed out in conceit as he poured himself a measure of brandy from the crystal decanter sitting on the table next to him. 
“I’d say I’m willing to give it a try.” Pierce replied nonchalantly. 
“Well then, what say we make this exciting your grace. I’m finding I’m growing tired of these conservative wagers, how about a hundred pounds?”
Pierce sat back casually in his chair crossing his legs and putting his hands behind his head. “I’m not destitute, I dare say I find a hundred pounds doesn’t quite pique my interest.” He watched as the Earl’s eyes took on a greedy glint.
“Two hundred then?” he asked hopefully, clearly confident in his ability to best the duke. 
“Your paltry sums don’t interest me, I’m a man of great wealth or have you forgotten?” Pierce knew he sounded conceited but he didn’t care. He may not be personally acquainted with every member of the ton, but he was well aware that most every one of them knew who he was. His father had been one of the wealthiest men in London and Pierce had inherited all of his father’s wealth along with his title two years prior. Besides, something had come over him and he suddenly found himself much more interested in goading the earl than winning a few extra pounds. 
The earl sat quietly for a few moments, the wheels in his brain working furiously. Pierce watched his eyes narrow as he leaned forward and spoke animatedly, “I think I may have come up with an interesting solution your grace.” 
Pierce leaned forward, their heads meeting closely over the table. This could get interesting. “I’m listening.”
“I happen to know you’re in need of a wife and an heir.”
“That’s no secret, all of London is aware of that,” Pierce snapped.
“Well I happen to have a lovely daughter—”
“You and every other peer of the realm,” Pierce interrupted him before he could go any further, pushing back from the table and standing abruptly. 
The earl barked back, “You were the one who wanted to make this interesting. The way I see it is that we both have a problem the other one could solve. You have plenty of blunt that could come in handy to a man in my position, and I have a lovely daughter who could come in handy to you. What do you say we set the stakes at this; if I win I get your two hundred pounds, if you win, you get my daughter’s hand in marriage.” 
If the earl hadn’t been completely serious Pierce would’ve laughed. What kind of man wagered his daughter’s hand in marriage in a game of cards? His first thoughts were that she must be homely, and probably firmly on the shelf for him to be willing to bet her hand in a card game. If the chit was beautiful or came with any sort of sizable dowry the man shouldn’t have any problem getting the girl married off. No, something had to be wrong with the girl.
Slowly Pierce resumed sitting, “What’s wrong with her? Is she here tonight? Can I get a look at the merchandise before agreeing to the stakes?” Pierce couldn’t believe he was asking the questions, knowing he should’ve just scoffed at the earl and his ridiculous wager but feeling oddly compelled instead.
“Regretfully she is not, she took to bed with the megrim.” Pierce rolled his eyes. Great, not only was the girl most likely ugly and a bore, but she had a weak constitution as well. He knew he should just refuse to play this silly game but he was suddenly intrigued by the impudent earl and his asinine ideas. His mother, the Dowager Kerrington was being rather insistent that he marry and give her grandchildren before she was too old to enjoy them and suddenly the thought of attending many more of these events trying to pick out an eligible lady to court amongst the slew of spoiled girls seemed overwhelmingly unappetizing. 
Without another thought he quickly agreed to the preposterous bet, “Well Lord Brattondale, it looks as if you have yourself a deal.”
The game started slowly, Pierce was fully planning on letting Lord Brattondale win. The earl had drawn the highest card during the initial cut therefore allowing him to deal first so he was already off to a strong start.  Pierce figured it would be much less painful to give up a couple hundred pounds to the foolish man than it would be to have to marry his daughter. It didn’t take long, however, for his competitive nature to kick in. He had never been one prone to loosing at the tables, and the arrogant manor of Lord Brattondale rubbed him wrong. He soon decided that it would do the man good to be beat. And the more Pierce thought about the stakes of the bet, the more it started to make a sick sort of sense to him. 
He had long ago abandoned the idea of marrying for love. He now realized the idea had been childish and farfetched, especially among members of the ton. And unless he wanted to spend endless evenings attending the various society events in hopes of finding a suitable companion he might as well win the game and the earl’s daughter in the bargain. Besides, it would be better for him to marry someone who was fully aware that the match was made based on the outcome of a card game and had no pretense of love being a part of the bargain. The more he thought about it, the more the idea appealed to him. Thus began his motivation to concentrate and win the game of piquet he was playing.  
He forced himself to be patient and allowed the earl to win the first three deals leading him into a false sense of security. Just when the earl began getting comfortable and started to relax, Pierce stepped up his game and began winning his hands. By the end of the sixth deal Pierce had very clearly won leaving a stunned and angry earl in his wake.  Lord Brattondale threw his cards angrily onto the table, his face an odd shade of purple. Pierce wasn’t sure if he was angrier about not winning the two hundred pounds he so desperately needed or about having to forfeit his daughter’s hand to the man who had just played him for the fool— apparently the first person to beat him in a game all night. 
“Well Lord Brattondale, it appears your daughter has a wedding to plan.” Pierce spoke flippantly. “I have business to attend to and regretfully won’t be able to meet my new fiancé for a se’nnight but you can inform her that I’ll be paying her a call as soon as I’m back in town.” With that the Duke of Kerrington straightened and sauntered out of the room, leaving a stunned Lord Brattondale gaping after him.


Chapter 2

Lady Noelle Parrish could not stop thinking about the handsome man she had met earlier in the day; it had been quite an accident really. It was an unusually sunny spring day and after having been cooped up in the house for the better part of the week, Noelle had been anxious to get out and partake of some fresh air and feel the sunshine on her face. She had convinced her lady’s maid, Hope, to accompany her on a brisk walk, grabbing a bonnet as she eagerly exited the townhouse she inhabited during the season with her father, Lord Brattondale in Mayfair. 
She had been clumsily attempting to tie her bonnet in place as she vigorously walked down the road, Hope trailing in her wake when she felt herself colliding into a solid mass. Noelle gasped, taking a sudden step back away from the object when she felt two strong hands encircle her upper arms. Even through the thick spencer she was wearing, she felt the warmth of those strong hands and an odd tingling sensation accompanying the warmth. She focused her eyes on an expertly tied cravat, white as freshly fallen snow. She vaguely remembered hearing a low chuckle before looking up into the most striking green eyes she had ever seen, causing her to inhale sharply.
“Pardon me miss,” the man said, his rich voice soothing and distracting at the same time. She could tell by his accent that he was an American.
Noelle reached up to straighten her bonnet before speaking, “My apologies sir, I wasn’t paying attention to where I was going.”
“I can’t say that I mind.” The stranger smiled a radiant smile that caused flutters in the pit of her stomach.  Reaching for her hand, he placed a gentle kiss on the inside of her wrist, “I’m Soren Johanssen from Boston, pleased to meet you.”
“Nice to meet you, I’m Noelle Parrish.” 
From somewhere behind her she heard Hope clear her throat, “That would be Lady Noelle.”
Noelle rolled her eyes, not sure she cared to have her maid inform this untitled American of proprieties. There was something exciting about not having to bend to the rules of society and being able to be just plain Noelle for once. She looked back into Soren’s handsome face, “How long are you in London, Mr. Johanssen?”
He looked into her eyes before slowly perusing the rest of her body. When his eyes finally rested back on her face his own face held a look of satisfaction. “Not nearly long enough it would seem my lady.”
Noelle felt her cheeks heat at his words but couldn’t help her own forwardness, “Well then Soren,” it felt deliciously naughty to call a man by his Christian name, especially one she had only just met. “I sincerely hope that I see you again.” She looked down coyly before rewarding him with a stunning grin of her own. 
“As do I Noelle.” He replied, purposely leaving off the Lady. She knew it was wishful thinking to assume she’d ever have the opportunity to see him again. With him being an American, she knew the chances of seeing him at any society event was extremely limited, but still it had been fun to flirt with the handsome man with chestnut hair and startling green eyes the color of a spring leaf. 
As if sensing her thoughts he leaned in close, his voice just louder than a whisper, “I hear the ices at Gunter’s are refreshing on a sunny day. I may just have to find out for myself tomorrow afternoon if the weather holds.”
Was he implying what she thought he was implying? She held her breath, not daring to hope that he had been suggesting she meet him at Gunter’s for fear of those hopes being dashed. The thought of seeing him again made her heart beat with anticipation. She must’ve taken too long to reply because he straightened and said, “You do like ices don’t you Noelle?”
“But of course, in fact I think tomorrow afternoon might be the perfect time to enjoy one.” She couldn’t believe she had just slyly agreed to meet him. Before she had the chance to back out, he winked at her discreetly then bowed slightly. 
“Well good day to you my lady. Be careful where you’re walking.” Then he took off in the direction he had been initially heading before the interruption as if it was an everyday occurrence for him to make plans for clandestine meetings with innocent young ladies. And for all Noelle knew of the man, maybe it was.  
Noelle had spent the better part of the afternoon daydreaming about that brief encounter with the mysterious and handsome American. She kept fretting about her decision to agree to meet with him at Gunter’s the following day. She was deeply intrigued by the man, for he had sparked more interest in her in their short acquaintance than had any other gentleman in the entire three seasons since she had debuted. She knew her father, Lord Brattondale, was becoming increasingly impatient with her reluctance to settle on someone to marry. But that was an enormous part of her problem, she refused to settle. All the men that she met and danced with were either too boring, too conceited, too tall, too short, too plump, and too stern—the list could go on and on. 
It wasn’t that they weren’t interested in her, for she certainly had plenty of offers of marriage and courtship— she just wasn’t interested in any of them. She knew that at almost twenty-one years of age she was getting close to being considered on the shelf and as her age increased, so did her father’s desire to see her married off, almost as if she were a burden he wished to see placed on somebody else’s shoulders.  
She shifted in the window seat of her bedroom overlooking the streets below and harrumphed, if only she could figure out how to meet with Soren the following afternoon. It just wasn’t proper for a lady of her class to be seen with a gentleman alone in public and the thought of having her maid tag along was out of the question. Something inside of her was telling her that this man was different than the other men she had met and if she was going to see him again, she preferred to have some privacy.
Just then Hope entered her room, “It’s time to begin getting you ready for the Everston ball tonight. Do you prefer the lavender gown or the periwinkle one milady?” When she got no response from her mistress, Hope glanced to where Noelle was sitting and was shocked to see her intently gazing at her, an odd look on her face.
“Milady, are you not feeling well?”
Noelle shook her head dispelling her intent gaze, “On the contrary, I’ve just been thinking.”
Some instinct inside of Hope told her exactly what her mistress had been thinking about, “You’re thinking about that American gentleman aren’t you?”
She slid off the window seat and came to stand directly in front of Hope, closer than either one of them was usually comfortable with. “Oh Hope, I’ve been thinking about his offer to meet me tomorrow at Gunter’s. I just have to see him once more.” Then abruptly changing directions she said, “I’ve just suddenly realized how much you resemble me. Isn’t that odd?” Her voice was suspicious.
“I hardly think so milady, flattering as that may be.” Hope’s hand went self consciously up to her hair and the tight bun she had always worn at the base of her neck. Her mother Matilde had always gone to great lengths to ensure that Hope didn’t appear attractive in the least, claiming if she appeared even slightly beautiful she’d only attract unwanted advances from the master of the house or other servants, finding herself in the kind of trouble she didn’t need. She even made her take the extra precaution of wearing spectacles to disguise any beauty she may have though she didn’t need the things to see. She knew she couldn’t look even similar to Lady Noelle who just so happened to be an exceptionally handsome lady, with hair the shade of honey and striking eyes the unique shade of light amber. More than one man had fallen in love with her based on her looks alone. Surely she mustn’t be feeling well if she thought that Hope’s plain features held any resemblance to her own. 
“I think you may be getting ill milady, why don’t you lie down for a spell and see if this episode passes.”
“Oh nonsense, have you looked at yourself in the glass recently? You even have the same odd colored eyes as mine.”
Of course Hope hadn’t noticed, she couldn’t remember the last time she had looked in a looking glass. She purposely tried to avoid mirrors, having been told she should avoid vanity at all costs. Besides, she knew she was nothing fancy and didn’t want to depress herself further by having that truth confirmed to her each time she caught her reflection staring back at her. 
Noelle grasped Hope’s shoulders and spun her towards the looking glass hanging above a small desk, “Take a look for yourself. And take those dratted spectacles off so you can actually see your eyes.” Hope stood in front of the desk, her eyes focused on the toes of her serviceable brown shoes. She felt apprehensive about looking in the mirror, not sure what her mistress was trying to accomplish. Before she had time to decide what she should do, Noelle had reached over and pulled her thick framed spectacles off of her face, nudging her closer towards the glass.
“Come on, look.” She urged her. Slowly Hope’s gaze ascended till she was staring at herself in the looking glass, seeing her reflection for the first time in years. She let out an audible gasp as one hand flew up to touch her cheek then her lips as if she couldn’t believe what she was seeing was real. She leaned in to take a closer look at her eyes and jumped back with shock. They were the exact same shade as Lady Noelle’s. She had never been so shocked in all of her life. She slowly turned her astonished expression on Noelle who was smiling as if she had just been granted a prize. 
“See what I mean? I suspect if we let your hair out of that severe style and refashioned it into something a bit more becoming and applied a touch of rouge to your cheeks you could pass as me.” Before Hope had a chance to object, Noelle was reaching for the pins holding the bun in place and gently tugged them out, causing Hope’s hair to cascade in thick waves down her back, nearly reaching her waist.
“This isn’t a good idea milady. I’m not sure what you are trying to accomplish but I think we best be getting you ready for the ball and quit this nonsense.” Hope tried her best to put an authoritative tone to her voice, “And I think it would be best if you put all thoughts of this American man from your head.” She quickly rewound her hair into the ever present bun, pinning it tightly into place.
“Oh but I can’t. He’s the most handsome, intriguing man I have ever met. I’ve never felt so attracted to a man in all my years, and you and I both know I’ve met plenty. Please just hear me out, I have a plan.”
“You know it wouldn’t be seemly for you to meet with a gentleman alone in public. You’re father would never allow it and I will not be party to that meeting because I do not approve. You know nothing of the man or his morals.”
“Of course father wouldn’t approve,” she decided to gloss over the fact that Hope herself didn’t approve as well, “But it wouldn’t be unseemly for you to go out by yourself in the afternoon. No one would suspect anything if you left for an afternoon visit to go see your mother.”
Hope shook her head back and forth slowly, confused. “You know I have no desire to speak to that American again, I told you I wouldn’t be party to this.”
Noelle laughed heartily, “Don’t be obtuse. Of course I’m not suggesting you go meet him. How would that solve anything?” Hope didn’t know, for she had been wondering the same thing. “I was actually thinking that if I posed as you I could easily slip from the house to meet him. No one would suspect a thing, it’s brilliant!”
“But what if your father comes looking for you or someone comes calling and you are nowhere to be found? How then would I explain your absence?”
“That’s why you would have to pretend to be me. You could borrow one of my dresses and style your hair as you do mine and no one would ever know.” She clapped her hands together excitedly, “It’s the perfect solution, rather brilliant actually.” 
Hope felt a knot of dread forming in the pit of her stomach. She could not even pretend to feel a modicum of the excitement that Noelle was exhibiting at the preposterous scheme. There was no way that she, a lowly servant, could ever pass herself off as a real lady, even if there was an uncanny resemblance between her and her mistress. No, it wouldn’t work and Noelle was a fool to think otherwise. Hope would simply have to refuse.
Before she could offer her objections Noelle was speaking once more, “Oh Hope, you have to do this for me. I think I’ll just die if I don’t get to see Soren once more.” She flung herself dramatically across her large tethered bed. Hope rolled her eyes. She was used to her mistress’s dramatics but this was even more exaggerated than what she was accustomed to. 
“I’m almost positive you wouldn’t die milady. Now put this nonsense from your mind and let’s get you into your dress.” She went to the dressing room and pulled the lavender gown from the closet, “I think this will do perfectly, I prefer it to the periwinkle one.” She set about laying out the dress, hoping that Noelle would abandon her idea and let her begin her preparations for tonight’s ball. Just as Hope had turned to retrieve the purple satin slippers that went so well with the lavender dress, Noelle had come up behind her and put a hand on her shoulders, forcing her to turn and face her.
“You can’t tell me no,” It was a statement but though she said it with more pleading than command, Hope knew that it was true. If she valued her position as lady’s maid, and she did, she knew that she couldn’t very well tell her mistress no, regardless of how horrible the idea was. She felt the fight go out of her as her shoulders went limp, her arms falling dejectedly to her side. 
“Yes milady, anything you say.”
Noelle squealed, “You mean it? Really, you’d do that for me?”
“I don’t see as how I have a choice.” Hope was shocked when Noelle pulled her into her arms, bestowing upon her a fierce hug.
“Everything will go perfectly, you’ll see.”


Chapter 3

Hope had hardly slept a wink all night, thoroughly dreading the plan her and Lady Noelle were putting into action the following day. She went through every possible worst case scenario in her head—of her being discovered posing as her mistress and the consequences that would entail. She thought of the possibility of Noelle being abducted by the American she was so enthralled with, thinking that he may very well turn out to be a completely unsavory character. Thought after horrible thought ran through her head all night long, each one more ghastly than the last.
She had never been so relieved to pull herself out of bed and begin preparing for Noelle’s morning toilette. She hoped with everything in her that after a good night’s sleep her mistress would have come to her senses and realize how foolish her plan was. She walked into Noelle’s room, richly decorated in purple and gold, the decorations as dramatic as the lady who inhabited the room. She carried a tray containing warm chocolate over to where Noelle was propped up against multiple plush pillows in her bed. 
“Good morning milady, how’d you sleep?”
“Oh I hardly slept at all, I was so excited. I simply cannot wait to put our plan into motion.” 
Inwardly Hope groaned, disappointed to see that Noelle was just as eager today to carry out her foolish plan as she had been yesterday. Hope worked to get Noelle’s clothes ready for the morning. She retrieved a fresh shift and stays along with an ivory muslin morning dress. The whole time she was dressing Noelle and coiffing her hair she couldn’t help but think that she would be preparing herself in the same manner in only a matter of hours. The thought was very unsettling. Noelle however didn’t appear unsettled in the least. She chattered excitedly all morning about anything and everything. Truth be told, Hope hardly paid attention to a word she was saying, so worrisome were her own loud thoughts. 
When the time finally came for both girls to begin their transformations into one another, Hope thought she would be physically ill. Noelle on the other hand couldn’t have been more excited. To her it was all a big adventure and she failed to see the risk in the precarious plan. Noelle insisted that she be made up first and helped Hope her slip into one of her gray high necked gowns. It was plain and drab compared to what Noelle was accustomed to and Hope cringed at her appearance. She hadn’t realized how frumpy her serviceable gowns made her appear until she saw Noelle in one of them and it bothered her immensely to see her mistress appearing so common. Next she pinned her hair up into a braided knot at the back of her head and finished the look off by handing her the pair of spectacles which she slid naturally onto her face completing the ensemble. 
Hope could only stare at her in horror, what had she done to her mistress? Noelle however was having too much fun, as if she was simply playing a childish game of dress up. She went to her closet and grabbed a cerulean day dress and corset then instructed Hope to strip down to her chemise, which she did slowly. Although she was used to seeing Noelle in various forms of undress, she herself never undressed before another living being and she found herself overwhelmingly modest. 
Sensing her discomfort Noelle stood with her hands akimbo, one foot tapping beneath her skirt impatiently, “Hope Hillburn, if you don’t hurry it up we’ll never pull this charade off.” She didn’t realize that what she had meant as a threat was actually the very thing Hope could only wish for. 
Growing impatient, Noelle huffed over and began assisting her in removing her clothing. Once she was standing in only her chemise, Noelle began fastening the corset around her slender frame. Hope’s figure was slightly more slender than Noelle’s, probably due to the lack of rich foods in her diet, but with the aid of the corset they were able to shape her form to appear even more slender in places and voluptuous in others. It was the first time in Hope’s life that she had ever worn a corset and she wasn’t sure she liked its restrictive feel. Next she helped Hope slip into silk stockings, fastening them to the garters she wore before slipping a petticoat over her head. By the time the empire waist day dress was in place Hope felt like a completely different person. She had never been dressed in such finery and was amazed at how much better properly fitted clothing felt on her body. 
Noelle hadn’t a clue as to how to do Hope’s hair since she had never had to bother dressing her own in the whole of her life. Luckily Hope was an expert in how to do her mistress’s hair and was able to quickly pile her own thick hair on top of her head and using the aid of a hot iron she curled a few stray wisps on the sides of her face into loose ringlets. Noelle quickly applied some rouge to her cheeks and then blackened her lashes, finishing the look off with some rose lip salve. By the time Hope was allowed to look in the mirror she couldn’t believe how she had been able to completely be transformed into Lady Noelle. The likeness was uncanny, but even she felt an unfamiliar surge of confidence course through her as she viewed the resemblance with her own eyes. The girls turned to one another and began giggling. Hope didn’t know what was odder, seeing herself dressed up as a fine lady or seeing her mistress dressed down as a common servant. 
Glancing at the clock sitting on the mantle, Noelle began spouting off last minute instructions although they had gone over every last detail numerous times. “Now remember to try to keep as inconspicuous as possible. I suggest you go to the library and spend your time reading. Father rarely ventures into the library, especially in the afternoon. I think that’ll afford you the most amount of privacy. Hopefully Devon will just be out riding or doing whatever it is he does.” Hope had failed to consider the possibility of a run in with Noelle’s older brother and sincerely hoped she wouldn’t see him. The act she was playing would run considerably smoother if she didn’t have to encounter anyone. “I will come find you there as soon as I return and we can quickly switch back into our own roles.”
The only part of the charade Hope had been looking forward to was the part where she got to read in the library. She was an avid reader when she had the time, even harboring a secret habit of writing her own stories for entertainment and having access to the library for her own pleasure was like a dream come true. If only she wouldn’t be fretting the whole time that the entire situation would turn out poorly. 
Noelle leaned in for a final hug and Hope couldn’t resist giving her own last minute advice. “Be sure to exit and return through the servants entrance. If you come to the front door you will raise suspicion.” Noelle nodded her understanding, “And most importantly, be careful. Don’t do anything rash, I would never forgive myself if something were to happen to you.”
“Oh you worry too much. But I will be careful, I promise.” With that she quickly exited the room. 
Hope watched her retreating figure, wishing she could just stay holed up in the bedroom until she came back but knew that would only draw suspicion, for Noelle rarely stayed in her chambers unless she was sick. And if her father thought she had taken ill he very well might come to check on her. No, it would be safer to go to the library and spend her time fretting there. She quickly headed to the room that she had longed to explore for ages. She had been in the library many times with Noelle and even occasionally read to her from her favorite books but this would be the first time she would be able to browse the shelves for herself, in search of books that would interest her and not just the volumes of poetry that Noelle always insisted she read. 
Hope had been lucky that her mother had insisted that she learn to read and write, a luxury amongst so many of the lower class. Not only had it come in handy when securing her position as lady’s maid but it also proved to be her salvation. She spent many hours, while Noelle was at balls and her chores had been completed, taking her ink and quill and creating fanciful stories from her imagination, stories of fantasy lands and curious adventures—fairies, giants and other whimsical creatures her mind would conjure up dotted her tales. It was her release from the doldrums of everyday life. She had never shared any of her stories with another living soul, not even her mother.
She walked back and forth along the broad walls lined from floor to ceiling with shelf after shelf of books, wishing she could find some sort of fantastical tale that would transport her to another world but knowing she wouldn’t find any such thing. The Earl of Brattondale was much too formal and rigid to allow anything so trivial into his library. She finally settled on Lord Byron’s Hours of Idleness though she had read from it numerous times and wasn’t a particular fan of his writing, though Noelle favored him. 
No sooner had she sat down on the settee and had carefully arranged her skirts to cover her feet properly when the door flung open and in walked Devon. She hadn’t had much contact with Noelle’s older brother, Lord Brattondale’s heir, but had always thought he seemed like a likeable enough fellow. He was tall and handsome with thick blonde hair that was multiple shades lighter than hers and Noelle’s. He had brown eyes and a kind face that she knew many servant girls found exceptionally handsome.  He startled her by walking over and plopping his lanky frame right next to her on the small settee, making her feel overwhelmed by his nearness.
He stretched his long breeches clad legs out in front of him before speaking, “Hello sister,” he reached over and grabbed the book she was holding from her hand, inspecting the cover before handing it back. “Byron again? Please tell me you aren’t still harboring a silly fancy for that pompous…”
“Of course not!” Hope cut him off before he offended her ears with his language. She knew that she was blushing, feeling awkward pretending to be his sister when in truth she felt completely uncomfortable in his presence. She hadn’t any idea how Noelle would react to his presence or what she would even discuss with him. She decided to keep him talking about himself in hopes that he would avoid asking her anything that she might not be able to answer properly. 
“What have you been spending your day doing Devon?” she hoped he wouldn’t notice the strain in her voice and her discomfort at the conversation and the casual way she addressed him. She had never before uttered a single word to him and now she was expected to hold an entire conversation with the man. Heaven help her. 
“Oh the usual, just another boring day in London.”
“Certainly you don’t find London boring my…” she quickly caught herself before muttering milord and fully arousing his suspicions. “…my dear brother,” she finished lamely. 
He looked at her suspiciously anyway, one blonde eyebrow raised. “Dear brother? You are apparently in a good mood today. And yes, I do find London boring. At least most of the time. I’d much rather be in the country helping run the estate.”
“Then why don’t you go?” It didn’t make sense to Hope why he would endure the drudgery of another season in London if he preferred the country. 
Devon laughed. “My, my Noelle, you are in a peculiar mood today. You know as well as I do that father wouldn’t permit me to just up and leave in the middle of the season. He has all but threatened me to find a wife and be engaged by the end of the season or else he’ll interfere and arrange a match.”
“He said that?”
“You know he did. He’s getting impatient with the two of us. I suppose we better start taking the marriage mart more seriously or we’ll find ourselves in marriages we won’t desire. Can you imagine the type of partner father would choose for us?” He shuddered at the thought. Hope laughed nervously, not sure how to respond. Luckily Devon didn’t seem to mind which was good because there was nothing Hope could do or say in that regards.
After a few moments of silence between the two Devon turned himself slightly so he could look directly into her face while he spoke, “Tell me Noelle, do you believe in love?”
Hope thought a moment before answering. Of course she hadn’t given it much thought. She knew that a working girl like her would most likely never have the opportunity to fall in love and if she ever did marry it would be more for convenience and companionship then for some magical emotion. Knowing that her life would never amount to a fairytale she had quickly decided to never give love a second thought. But of course, Devon wasn’t asking her what Hope Hillburn’s philosophies on love were, no he was simply asking his sister. She tried to think about how Noelle might respond. 
Finally she spoke, “Of course I do, I mean why else do you suppose I’m still searching for a mate? If I didn’t believe in love I would’ve married the first gentleman who had offered for me.”
To her surprise he guffawed long and loud, “Oh what a thought that is! You’d be married to Lord Trimble, do you remember the man? Of course you do, how could one forget his bulbous nose? You almost couldn’t see the man’s face beyond that monstrosity. And don’t forget the way he spit when he spoke, and his laugh, that maniacal laugh that could make even the deaf squirm in their seats. Yes, seems your fate could be much worse than being a spinster.”
Hope couldn’t resist his infectious laughter. She had no idea who Lord Trimble was but her mind conjured up a ghastly image thanks to Devon’s descriptions and she momentarily understood Noelle’s desire to remain unattached if all the gentleman who had offered for her were similar to the unfortunate Lord Trimble. 
“I suppose I have just been dragging my feet this entire time, certain that I could find somebody to fall in love with, to make a match based more on true emotion then advancement in society. But maybe I’ve been chasing after an elusive dream all this time, maybe we both have.” He turned his pensive brown eyes on her and she just shrugged so he continued, “I guess that’s enough philosophizing for one afternoon. Maybe we’ll both get lucky and happen upon our true loves at the Weatherston ball this evening.” 
“If only we could be so lucky,” she smiled at him coyly and he returned her grin before they were interrupted by someone clearing their throat. Startled, they both looked up to see Noelle standing in the doorway.
“It looks as if it’s time for you to start readying yourself for said ball, run along Noelle.” Hope quickly rose, her heart beating a riotous cadence in her chest. For a brief moment she had panicked, thinking that Devon would surely recognize his sister standing in the library entry way despite her shabby clothing but fortunately for both of them, he hadn’t seemed to sense anything was amiss. Hope briskly exited the library, Noelle trailing closely behind as they made their way back to Noelle’s chambers.
The minute the door was shut behind them, Hope let out a slow, shaky breath she hadn’t realized she had been holding. “That was a close call. Why didn’t you just wait for me in here like we had planned?”
“Oh nonsense, he didn’t suspect a thing. I came back here when I first returned and when I found the room empty I couldn’t resist coming to find you. Wasn’t that the most thrilling thing you have ever done? Devon was completely fooled. And I passed another servant on my way to the library and she just nodded politely, not even flinching. I told you my plan was genius.” Noelle was smiling like the cat that had gotten the canary.
Hope agreed that her plan had been many things, but genius had not been one of them. She was just relieved to see her mistress had returned safely and told her as much, “Oh milady, I’m so glad you’re back and that you are unharmed. I hope this little visit sated your appetite for adventure and we can put this nonsense behind us. Now help me get out of this gown so we can get you ready for tonight.” 
She turned her back to Noelle so she could undo the hooks on her dress. After a few minutes of standing there with nothing happening she turned around to see Noelle laying on her back in the middle of her large bed, “Oh Hope, I think I’m in love.”
“In love?” she sputtered, “Surely you jest. How could you possibly be in love after only being in the man’s presence for less than an hour?”
Noelle sat up, pulling her legs beneath her. “Oh Hope, if you could’ve been there you’d understand. Not only is Soren the most handsome man I’ve ever seen but he’s charming, witty, and intelligent.”
Hope thought about things for a minute before calmly saying, “Well I’m glad for you milady. Now let’s get you ready for the ball and maybe tonight you’ll be lucky enough to fall in love with a suitable gentleman, one whom you could actually marry.” 
Noelle huffed and pouted the rest of the entire evening, upset with Hope for deflating her excitement and bringing her crashing back to reality. Hope was just relieved to be back to her duties, quietly taking care of her mistress and pondering how grateful she was to have life return to its normal routine, hoping that all this talk of the handsome American would be put to rest once and for all.


Chapter 4

Pierce had spent the better part of a day fretting about the wager he had made and won against the Earl of Brattondale. He was currently sitting in his study nursing a drink feeling as if he was in a stupor, not sure if he should feel relieved or upset by the outcome of the game of piquet. He knew that he needed to go meet the mysterious Lady Noelle sooner rather than later but he couldn’t quite muster up enough excitement to go about the task. Instead he was contemplating another distasteful task he knew he had to take care of immediately—inform his mother, the Duchess of Kerrington that he was to be wed. 
He was ashamed at the thought of telling his mother about how he had flippantly bet on a lady’s hand in marriage. He knew she would be disappointed that he hadn’t taken marriage more seriously and that he had failed to make a love match. She had always held such high hopes that he’d meet the right girl and fall in love and then get married. And at one point, in his younger years, he had honestly tried to go that route until he figured out for himself that it wouldn’t happen. Rare was the person of the aristocracy who was lucky enough to find real love and by now he had relegated his fate to that of the majority of the ton—marrying for convenience and appearance. 
His thoughts were interrupted by a light knocking on the door followed by his butler entering, Viscount Martineau following closely behind. He straightened in his chair, “Thank you Simon for showing Lord Martineau in. You are dismissed.” Simon nodded his head stiffly before quietly disappearing. 
Elliot sat down in a chair opposite the sturdy desk Pierce was sitting behind that dominated the room and leaned forward on his elbows, “What’s this about you needing to speak to me? You haven’t gotten yourself in to some sort of trouble have you?”
“I guess that depends on how you look at it.” Elliot arched an eyebrow but sat quietly, waiting for Pierce to continue. He exhaled loudly before continuing. “Remember that night at the Sedgewick ball where I played Lord Brattondale in a hand of piquet?”
“Of course.”
“Well you left before you had a chance to see the outcome of the game.”
Elliot relaxed, leaning his large frame back in the chair he was occupying, “Oh, did you lose to him as well? He was in top form that night but I don’t see as how losing a few pounds to the arrogant earl should upset you. If it’s your pride that’s hurt I might understand, but this shouldn’t be about the money for you.”
“Of course it isn’t about the money,” he snapped. “And it’s not about my pride either—I won.”
“Then what’s the trouble?”
“I didn’t play for money; he bet his daughter’s hand in marriage.” 
Lord Martineau jumped to his feet, “And you won? That’s absurd, what kind of man wagers his daughters hand in a card game?”
“What kind of man plays for a lady’s hand? What does that say about me? I still can’t believe it myself but what’s done is done and I surely can’t go back on my word. It looks as though I’ll be marrying Lady Noelle as soon as the announcement can be made, the banns read, and everything arranged.” 
Elliot began pacing back and forth, “The only way you could get out of it is if you’re found compromising another young lady and are forced to marry her instead. Do you have someone in mind you’d rather wed?” he asked hopefully.
“No, that’s the problem. There’s not a single lady who interests me, not one. The way I figure, I might as well marry the earl’s daughter. One lady is as good as the next one as far as I’m concerned.”
Lord Martineau shrugged, “You’ve got me there, I’d say I have to agree. We can’t all have a fairytale ending now can we?” Bitterness crept into his voice. Elliot knew better than anyone how true that was, having lost the one person he had ever loved years ago. One day she had been in his life making him the happiest man alive and the next she had disappeared, just like that. He still hadn’t been able to get over the loss or figure out what had happened to her. 
“I need you to go with me to Ridgecrest Manor to speak with my mother.”
“Come on man, are you really that cowardly? You know that the Duchess’s bark is worse than her bite, you have nothing to be afraid of.” 
Pierce looked at him and rolled his eyes, “You’re opinion of me is pathetically low if you think I’m afraid of my own mother. No, I need you to accompany me to ensure I come back. I have half a mind to flee the country and head to America but that would only disgrace my family and my poor mother would never live that scandal down.”
Elliot finally resumed sitting, scoffing dismally. “I can understand that my friend, more than you could ever know. I can’t tell you how many times I thought about leaving after Felicity had disappeared.”
“You’re still not over that chit?” Pierce asked incredulously. He hadn’t heard his friend utter that name for years. 
Elliot’s eyes flickered with sadness for one brief moment before focusing on Pierce, “The past is in the past for crying out loud, just because I could empathize with you doesn’t mean I’m some love struck schoolboy still pining away for his first love.  Forget I mentioned Felicity and we’ll have a deal. I’ll go with you to Ridgecrest Manor.”
“I knew I could count on you.”
***
The ride to Ridgecrest Manor took the better part of a day. By the time the coach had pulled up in front of the imposing stone dwelling, the sun was already beginning to set and the air had become noticeably colder. It didn’t take long to find his mother, she was curled up on her favorite chair in the library, a book lay open on her lap. She looked up as he entered the room, welcoming him with a warm, motherly smile.  Though he hadn’t had time to send word ahead informing her of his visit she seemed not at all surprised by his sudden appearance. He went to where she was sitting and bent to plant a gentle kiss on her cheek. 
She reached up and cupped his cheek with her palm, “My darling boy, to what do I owe this great honor? I thought you had all but forgotten about your lonely mother.” 
A twinge of guilt clutched at him as she reminded him of his neglect. He hadn’t spent near enough time with her since his father had died, preferring to stay at his townhouse in London where the memories of the late Duke of Kerrington weren’t as prominent. It pained him immensely to be in the house his parents had shared together and more especially to see his mother without her other half. The two of them had always seemed like one entity, completely complementing and fulfilling the other so when his father had passed away the sight of his mother all by herself was too sad and lonely for him to bear. 
Pierce bided his time by taking the seat opposite of his mother and making himself comfortable before speaking, “I came to tell you that I am to be wed; following the announcement of our engagement and the reading of the banns of course.”
His mother clapped her hands together excitedly, completely ignoring the book in her lap that had fallen to the ground, hitting the carpet with a dull thud. “What a pleasant announcement. You know I’ve been waiting for ages for you to come to your senses and decide to settle down. Now tell me, who’s the lucky lady.” 
Pierce tried to ignore the uneasy feeling in his stomach at her excitement, “Her name is Noelle Parrish, she’s the daughter of the Earl of Brattondale.”
“And?” she gestured with her hand for him to continue.
“And what? What more would you like to know?”
“Oh I want to know everything—how’d you meet? What is she like? Is she beautiful? Of course she is, that should be a given, you have impeccable taste just like your father.”  She smiled and gave him a wink.
The uneasy feeling in the pit of his stomach increased, “Actually, I’m not sure.”
“Not sure?” she asked, confused.
“Well I haven’t exactly met her.”
The look of confusion on her lovely face only deepened, “You haven’t met her?”
Feeling his patience wearing thin he snapped, “Quit repeating everything I say. No I do not know her; I won her hand in a card game against her father.” 
The Duchess sucked in a shocked breath, one hand going quickly to clasp the gold locket hanging from her slim neck, “Please tell me I didn’t just hear you right.”
“Oh you heard me clearly, mother.” He snarled. He knew he was being short with her but he couldn’t seem to help it. He knew she wouldn’t react well to the news but had desperately wished that just for this once she would’ve simply sat back and listened and told him it was his life to do with as he pleased, but he knew it would never be that easy with his meddling mother. 
“Don’t snarl at me boy, it’s very unbecoming.” She retorted.
“I didn’t snarl,” he shot back perturbed.
“You most certainly did snarl and speaking of unbecoming, this news, although greatly anticipated is preposterous! You can’t marry a lady who you don’t even know. What about love, surely you haven’t given up the possibility of falling in love have you? There are so many fine ladies out there with whom you could quite easily come to love.”
“But there’s not. If there had been even one I could’ve fallen in love with I’m sure I would’ve found her by now. Heaven knows it’s not from lack of trying. I’ve grown wearisome of the marriage mart so I figured at this point any girl would do.”
“You sound so callous about the whole thing, it’s marriage you’re deciding on not the main course of your next dinner.” 
“Well what’s done is done. I can’t honorably back out now so I fully plan on going forward with it. Not everyone can have the relationship you shared with father you know.” 
“Well I expect you to at least try. There’s nothing you can do about your selection of a wife now but you can at least try to fall in love with the girl.”
“Don’t get your hopes up mother.” He knew he certainly wouldn’t. 


Chapter 5

Noelle stifled a yawn as she moved to the sideboard in the dining room to fill her breakfast plate up with gooseberry tarts and clotted cream. She was ravenous after a late night at the Weatherston ball. Though she normally loved socializing and having various gentlemen dance attention on her, the previous night had been nothing but a bore to her, the ball lasting till the wee hours of the morning. She was restless and found her thoughts wandering to Soren all too frequently wishing she could be with him instead of in the stuffy ballroom dancing with men who in her mind couldn’t even compare. 
She had no sooner sat down when her father walked into the room. But instead of filling up a plate of food for himself, he marched right in and sat at the head of the long table in his customary seat. “Darling, we must talk.”
Noelle looked up from her plate and noticed for the first time that her father’s face appeared unusually pale, “What is it father?”
He cleared his throat before starting, “You know very well that I have been prodigiously patient with both you and your brother about finding proper matches, especially with you Noelle.” He gave her a pointed look that made her nervous, not sure she liked where this was going.
“You promised to give me until the end of the season, did you not?” She asked him tersely.
He looked uncomfortable as he cleared his throat once more, a sign he was more nervous than he was letting on. “Yes well…I uh…that is to say things change. I have arranged an advantageous match for you with the Duke of Kerrington.”
“What?” she pushed back from the table furiously, knocking her teacup over in the process but not even paying it an ounce of attention as the warm liquid seeped off the table and onto the floor. Her fists were balled tightly at her sides; she couldn’t believe that what she had just heard could be true. “You don’t even know the Duke of Kerrington.”
“Of course I know him.”
“Know of him maybe,” she pointed out, “but certainly you haven’t made his acquaintance. How could you arrange a match with someone you don’t even know?” Her voice had increasingly gotten louder and louder with each word she shrieked until before she knew it she was yelling loud enough for half of London to hear which only proved to make her father angry.
“Enough! Sit down this instance and show me some respect.” Noelle grudgingly did as she was told.
“You’re not getting any younger Noelle and I’ve let you play your silly games long enough. I gave you plenty of time to pick a gentleman of your choosing but you seemingly couldn’t have been bothered so this is what it has come down to. The duke is a wealthy man with a large estate. You couldn’t have found yourself a better match of that I am sure.”
Noelle closed her eyes and took multiple long breaths, holding them in her lungs before exhaling slowly, trying to force herself to calm down. A thought rose unbidden into her mind of shocking green eyes and a handsome face and she instantly knew the words her father spoke were false, she most definitely could find herself a better match than the Duke of Kerrington—maybe she already had. There had to be a way out of this arrangement. She forced herself to sound calmer than she felt when she finally addressed her father again.
“I thought we had an agreement father, that I could have until the end of the season. Since nothing has been announced as far as an engagement to the duke, maybe you could make good on your word to me and let me have the remainder of my promised time to make up my own mind. If by then I haven’t made a match of mine own choosing, I will agree to go ahead with this—arrangement.” She couldn’t bring herself to utter the word marriage.
“Noelle,” her father was exasperated, “I cannot agree to that.”
“Why not?” she sputtered, “What could be more important than your word?”
She watched as her father reached a fleshy hand up to loosen his expertly tied cravat, “Exactly my point, there is nothing more important than my word—” she looked hopeful for a split second before he continued, “—to the duke that is, and that’s why I will not be going back on it. Do you want me to be taken for the fool?”
Of course she didn’t but neither did she want to spend the rest of her life in a loveless marriage to a man she had never met. She had heard of the infamous Duke of Kerrington, everyone had, but hearing of his reputation as a heartless rake didn’t exactly endear her to the idea of being married to him. Noelle felt like she was losing the battle and she didn’t take to losing well, especially when something so important was at stake. 
Turning tear filled eyes on him she asked in a quiet voice, “Why did you do it?”
“Some things aren’t meant for a lady to understand.”
“Try me,” she quipped coolly, trying to gain some sort of understanding.
“Fine, if you think that knowing what motivated the arrangement will make it easier for you to comply then so be it. I wagered your hand in marriage to him in a card game and he won. I knew he needed a wife to provide him an heir and how fortunate for me, I had just the thing that he needed. I figured if he won it would benefit him and you both, seeing as you need a husband whether you’re willing to believe it or not. I didn’t go into the game intending for him to win but he did and I couldn’t very well go back on my word now could I? There, does that make you feel better knowing all the sordid details?” he growled. 
“Does it make me feel better to know that you honor your word with a practical stranger more than the agreement you had with your own daughter? Hardly. Nothing you do short of calling off this absurd arrangement will make me feel better.”
“Don’t be so dramatic Noelle. You aren’t the first lady of society to enter in to an arranged marriage and you certainly won’t be the last. And pouting about marrying a duke does not become you my dear, you appear spoiled to complain of it as such a trial. There are many girls out there who would willingly and happily take your place.”
“Then let them,” she quipped before standing once more, “I’ve suddenly lost my appetite, please excuse me.” Before her father could oppose she was walking briskly out of the room. The moment the thick door shut behind her she found her resolve had disappeared. Warm tears trickled down her face obscuring her vision but she forced herself to keep walking lest someone see her and question her actions. The minute she entered her bedchamber she flung herself across her large bed, weeping into her pillow. 
She felt betrayed by her father, how could he have done something so selfish? She had always taken pride in the fact that her father allowed her the freedom to dictate her own future, within reason of course. He had strongly encouraged her to find a suitable gentleman to settle down with, one with a title and a good reputation and preferably plenty of wealth, but he had never been one prone to force her into things. This most recent development both shocked and bothered her. 
When the tears had finally been spent she rolled onto her back and wiped the remnants of the crying from her face and began pondering on the Duke of Kerrington and everything she had heard of the man. She had to admit that she had never paid attention to much of the gossip of the ton but there was only so much you could avoid and the duke had been the center of many rumors and speculation over the years. The gossip suggested he was a heartless rake bent on seeking his own pleasure and caring little to nothing for the hearts he left shattered in his wake. He was reputed to be cold and held little regard for society and its expectations. No wonder such a man would acquire a wife through gambling. Most men, any gentleman at least, wouldn’t stoop to such a low. At least Noelle hoped that were the truth. Before today she also would’ve thought that no true gentleman would likewise wager his daughters hand, but she had been proven wrong.
Maybe all supposed gentleman were merely putting on a façade, and now she was expected to be wed to the one of the greatest cads of them all. For a moment she let herself entertain the idea of living in a world with no titles, a world where she truly was free to make her own decisions and forge her own destiny, a world where she could marry whomever she chose whenever she chose, someone like Soren Johannsen. 
The thought of Soren made her sit upright, an idea forming in her mind. She knew that she couldn’t just go ahead and marry the duke without first talking to Soren. She felt an instantaneous need compelling her to go to him, to tell him of her dilemma. She knew where he was staying at and briefly entertained the idea of sending him a note before squelching it, knowing that she’d regret not having a last opportunity to see him. He was set to sail home to America by the end of the week and quickly decided she would do whatever it took to see him again. She reached for the small brass bell sitting on her bedside table and gave it a ring, alerting Hope of her need for assistance. 
Hope came scurrying into the room and took one look at Noelle and knew that she had been crying. “Oh milady, whatever is the matter? Are you not feeling well?”
“No I am not.” Noelle replied sadly, her bottom lip quivering. Hope’s concern had made her feel emotional all over again.
“Shall I ring for some tea? Do you need to lie down? I could pull your covers back and help you into bed if you’d like.”
“No, none of that will be necessary, it’s not my body that aches; it’s my heart. Father has done the most awful thing.” Hope clutched a hand to her heart and waited curiously for Noelle to continue. “He has arranged for me to marry the Duke of Kerrington.”
Though she said it with such disdain, Hope failed to see why that would make Noelle so miserable. Of course she didn’t know the duke but one would presume he was a fine gentleman if her father had seen fit to arrange for his only daughter to marry him. “Pardon milady, but I fail to see the horror in your predicament. Surely you should be honored to marry a duke.”
Noelle snorted, “Ha! You sound like my father. The Duke of Kerrington is reputed to be a cold and uncaring man with frivolous pursuits and I refuse to be wed to someone not of my own choosing.” That part Hope could understand—she couldn’t say she blamed her mistress for not wanting to marry a stranger. 
“Well I’m sure this has come as a shock to you but I best say you make the most of the situation seeing as how there’s nothing to be done for it now. Look on the bright side, at least you’ll be a duchess and will have your own large estate to manage and care for.”
Noelle shook her head vehemently, “That’s where you’re wrong, there is something I plan to do about it but I will need your help.” 
“Are you sure milady, what could I possibly do?” The minute the words escaped her mouth she was filled with a sick foreboding and she prayed that Noelle wouldn’t ask her to pose as her again.
“I need you to go to the Hampshire’s ball for me tonight so I will be free to go speak to Soren.”
“Can’t you just send him a note?” Hope pled, knowing it would never be that simple of a solution with Noelle. 
“I already thought about that but I know a note wouldn’t be enough, I need to see him again. He leaves for America in a matter of days, this could be my last chance to see him before I’m forced to marry.”
“I fail to see the importance of meeting with him again. What do you expect to accomplish?”
“Oh Hope, have you not a romantic bone in your body? He may very well be the only man I will ever love, surely you wouldn’t deny me the opportunity to see him one last time.”
Hope knew she was in trouble, if she didn’t agree to her plan, Noelle would surely force her into it once more. There was only one problem, “I cannot go to the ball in your place, I do not know how to dance.” She hoped and prayed it would be sufficient enough to keep her from being forced to attend the ball. 
“Drat, I hadn’t thought of that. I suppose you’ll just have to inform my father that I have taken ill and won’t be able to attend.” 
“Taken ill…again? It was only last week that you stayed home with a megrim. You’re father might grow suspicious and insist on calling the doctor.” Hope pointed out.
“Then tell him it’s my monthlies, surely he won’t question that.” Hope felt her cheeks heat at the thought of discussing such personal things with the master of the house. Noelle didn’t seem to notice her discomfort and forged ahead, “I will need to borrow one of your dresses once more and have you pull my hair back into that horribly tight bun. I have no idea how you stand it, it is highly uncomfortable.  While I’m gone you’ll just have to stay here in my room so that if anyone comes to question how I am feeling you can answer for me.”
“Do you think it’s wise for you to go?” Hope didn’t think it was but she already knew what Noelle’s answer would be.
“Of course, I have no other choice. Now that you won’t have to attend the ball you can relax.” But Hope knew she wouldn’t be able to relax, not until that troublesome American had left the country for good.


Chapter 6

Noelle pulled her borrowed cloak closely to her body, trying to avoid the chill of the night air against her skin but finding it hard with the thin shabby cloak over her equally worn borrowed dress. She tried to remind herself that any amount of temporary discomfort would be worth it to see Soren again. 
She came to a halt in front of the Madame Cavelle’s milliner shop located on Bond Street. She was familiar with this particular shop, having frequented it often to purchase elaborate bonnets to match some of her favorite gowns. She looked at the familiar red brick façade of the shop before glancing up to see the windows facing the street on the second story of the building were illuminated and appeared welcoming. She could see shadows flicker across the panes on occasion and imagined Soren in the room he was letting from the milliner.  
She looked around not exactly sure how to go about gaining entrance to the dwelling above the stairs. She observed the front of the shop, noticing only one entrance, the main door. She walked around the corner of the shop and saw a small door with a brass knob. She cautiously turned the handle and was pleased when the door opened to reveal a narrow staircase leading up to what she hoped would be Soren’s room. 
She gathered her cloak and skirts in her hands and carefully ascended the stairs in the darkness. At the top of the landing was another door, presumably the one she was looking for. She reached her hand out from beneath her cloak and rapped on the door. She heard some shuffling and footsteps before the door swung open revealing a surprised Soren.
“Noelle, what a pleasant surprise!” Soren looked even more handsome than she had remembered him. He was still wearing his waistcoat and cravat though his tailcoat had been removed. It felt so good to see him that Noelle momentarily forgot herself and threw her arms around his neck.
“Oh Soren, it’s so good to see you.” She felt his strong arms go around her waist, pulling her close to his warm body and she felt herself shiver in response.
“Darling you’re freezing, I know it’s highly improper, but you must come in and warm up by the fire before you catch a cold.”
Noelle laughed at the absurdity of the situation—going into a gentleman’s home un-chaperoned while impersonating her lady’s maid was beyond the pale but she was doing it anyway. She followed him into the small room where a fire was flickering in the fireplace. He gestured for her to sit in the single chair in the room then went to stoke the flames to roaring before leaning casually against the mantel, turning his brilliant green eyes on her. 
“My love, I knew you couldn’t stay away for long, and I can’t say that I mind for I found myself missing you terribly.”
Noelle was warmed more fully by his words than by the fire, “Truly?”
“Truly. Now tell me you missed me too.” 
“Oh Soren, I did. I have thought of little else but you since our last meeting.”
“I confess the same. But?” He left the question open, sensing there was more to her visit than just a yearning to see him.
He watched as her beautiful face took on a look of distress, “Oh I’ve been delivered the most horrendous news today by my father. He’s arranged for me to wed the Duke of Kerrington. I knew I had to see you one last time before you set sail and before I…before I am to wed.”
Soren stood abnormally still never once breaking eye contact with Noelle as his thoughts churned in his head. He knew he was being ridiculous to harbor such intense feelings for this girl he had barely met but the thought of her marrying some other man made his blood boil with envy. He had a sudden desire to hold her in his arms and to never let her go. Noelle must have sensed his desire because before he knew what was happening she was in his arms. He placed a gentle kiss to her forehead before reaching up and pulling the pins out of her hair, releasing the braid that had been wound into a bun at the back of her head. He sighed as he watched the golden waves cascade down and around her shoulders. 
When he looked into her warm amber eyes he saw a longing in them that must’ve mirrored his own. He reached up and took her lovely face in both of his hands then leaned forward and placed a gentle kiss on her lips. They were warm and soft and completely addicting. Before he knew it he was deepening the kiss and she was responding eagerly. His heart was beating a frantic rhythm that he was sure she could feel through the cloak she was still wearing.  
He pulled back long enough to trail kisses along her cheek and towards her ear before whispering huskily, “You aren’t going to marry the duke, you’re going to marry me.” 
Noelle tensed in his arms and pulled back slightly so she could look into his face, “What are you talking about?” He wasn’t sure who was more surprised by his proclamation, him or her. 
He took her small hands into his much larger ones, “I’m talking about us. I can’t leave you here to marry someone else when I’m in love with you.” He momentarily pondered the possibility that he was truly in love with this girl whom he barely knew, at last concluding that it must’ve been love at first sight. 
“Oh Soren I love you too,” she leaned her head against his hard chest, “but I don’t see how that could possibly help now. My father has already arranged things with the duke and he made it perfectly clear that he would not go back on his word. Besides, you’re a foreigner without a title, father would never agree to such a match even if he hadn’t already made this arrangement.”
Soren placed both hands on her shoulders and held her out at arm’s length, “Titles and ranks don’t matter one whit in America—you can sail to the continent with me and we can be married there. I already have a successful shipping company and a modest house in Boston. I believe we could be happy together.”
Noelle’s eyes widened in surprise, her heart beating excitedly at his proposal—could she really do it? Thoughts began to formulate in her mind of what consequences would entail from making such a drastic decision. The first and most obvious consequence being that she wouldn’t have to marry the arrogant duke, she could marry the man she truly loved. That alone was almost enough to persuade her to go along with the outrageous plan. Almost.
But then she thought of the negative consequences—fleeing the country with an unknown, common man would bring disgrace and humiliation upon her family. It could possibly affect Devon’s place in society not to mention how her actions would greatly affect his ability to make a proper match. Her father would be furious and feel betrayed by her actions and she dared hope that he might possibly even be saddened by the absence of his only daughter from his life. 
Soren watched as a mixture of emotions played out on her beautiful face, knowing there was much more for her to consider than love alone. For him there was nothing to lose and everything to gain, she would be the one sacrificing everything she knew and everything she was for him, a simple man with no titles or estates to offer her. But he was a hard working man who had built his shipping company from the bottom up and knew how to be successful. He would be able to provide her with nice things and a fine house and more importantly, with love. His heart was brimming with the unfamiliar emotion and he knew that she felt it too. 
“Oh Soren, as much as I want to do that I can’t help but think about the damage it would do to my family’s name. I’m not sure I can be so selfish.”
He had already anticipated her response and had prepared his own in return, “But Noelle, what if it didn’t have to be that way? What if you could come away with me and avoid any negative repercussions for your family? Would you agree to come with me then?” 
“Of course,” she replied airily, not daring to hope that could be possible. 
“I cannot believe the solution isn’t obvious to you—you’ll just have to convince your lady’s maid to take your place. If she’s been able to pull it off before, she can do it again.”
“But this would be permanent, I had to practically force her to take my place for a few hours, I know she would never eagerly agree to such a preposterous idea. Her whole world would change forever.”
“Exactly, and that’s the part you will use to convince her. What servant wouldn’t jump at the opportunity to advance their situation in life? She would be a real lady and would marry into a wealthy, titled family and have a large estate of her own to run. She would have fine dresses, the likes of which she has never known, and she would never again have to perform manual labor to earn her keep. It sounds like a fairytale and she’d be foolish not to agree to such a life.” When he put it that way, she had to agree, it did seem rather convincing. 
Noelle moved to the chair, suddenly finding herself too weak to stand. The possibilities that lay before her were overwhelming and she felt slightly faint at the idea of such immense change. Soren moved to kneel before her, taking her hands once more into his, “Darling, I can’t promise you that you’re life will be the way you’ve always known it to be because it won’t. But I can promise you a life full of adventure; you’ll have a house and lovely dresses and someday children of your own.” The thought of having children with him made her cheeks flush with heat, “and you’ll have me, heart and soul forever. That’s all I can offer you but it’s all that I have.” 
And she realized that it was all that she wanted. She nodded her head slowly as she began to speak, “Yes, yes, I’ll go with you. I couldn’t possibly stay here and be content with letting you leave my life for good.”
He rewarded her with a smile that made her insides melt, “I’ll ensure that you never regret your decision. Now, my ship sails three days from today. I realize that doesn’t give you much time to convince your maid that she needs to take your place, but it’s all the time you’ve got. Pack a few things in your valise and meet me here before sunup on the third day, our ship will set sail at dawn. I’ll take care of all the other necessary arrangements and we’ll be free to sail forth into our new life together.”
Excitement and anticipation were rapidly taking root in Noelle’s heart for she knew she was making the right decision, she just fervently prayed that Hope would agree to help her, to be her salvation.


Chapter 7

Hope spent an uneventful evening in Noelle’s bedchamber. She had taken her time finishing up some mending that needed done on a number of Noelle’s dresses before making sure her room was completely tidied up. After she had finished attending to all of her chores she decided to indulge in writing. She had been working on a story with magical creatures in a mystical world, one where animals could talk and humans could fly as free as the birds in the air. She went to her own small room and retrieved her stack of parchment along with her quill and ink and made herself comfortable at Noelle’s desk before being swept away into the wondrous world she had created. 
She must’ve fallen asleep at the desk because the next thing she remembered was a hand on her shoulder shaking her awake. She opened her eyes and slowly sat up, confused for a moment by her strange surroundings. Her neck felt stiff from the awkward position she had fallen asleep in at the desk. She reached up and wiped away a smudge of drool that had escaped one corner of her mouth in her sleep before brushing a lock of hair out of her face, tucking it behind one ear. 
“Hope, we need to talk.” It was Noelle.
“Couldn’t it have waited until the morning?” Though she was relieved to know that she had made it back from Soren’s safely, she was slightly annoyed at being awoken in the middle of a deep slumber. 
“No, this is important.” Hope knew she was being foolishly optimistic to hope that whatever it was Noelle was going to say somehow wouldn’t involve her but she knew she couldn’t be so lucky. She focused her sleepy eyes on Noelle’s face and reluctantly waited.
“Soren has asked me to sail with him to America and become his wife.” Hope inhaled sharply, “and I have agreed. We leave three days from now.”
“Don’t be irrational milady, you can’t possibly leave your family, your home, your—”
Noelle cut her off. “I’ve already made up my mind to do so, so please kindly refrain from trying to convince me otherwise. But I can’t do it without your help, I need you to become me, to take my place as Lady Noelle.”
“Then I regret to inform you that you won’t be leaving because I refuse to be a pawn in this foolhardy plan.”
Noelle had the gall to appear shocked at her refusal, “You won’t do this for me?”
“I wouldn’t do it for anybody. Now let’s put this nonsense behind us and after we both get a good night’s sleep I’m sure it will all seem silly and unwise and you’ll be thankful that I wouldn’t agree to your plan.”
Much to Hope’s great annoyance, Noelle jutted out her bottom lip in a pout. And even further to her horror, her eyes began to water. Hope could not stand a blubbering woman and wondered if Noelle somehow knew that and was just doing it to try to make her feel sorry. 
“You do realize that by doing me this great favor you would only be helping yourself? You would become a lady, no longer having to be a servant. Instead of taking care of someone, you would be taken care of. You’d have all of my beautiful gowns and many more over the years, not to mention a life of ease and luxury. And by marrying the Duke of Kerrington you’d have an honorable and coveted place in society.”
Drat, she had forgotten about marrying the duke, which was the worst part of all. “If your life is as wonderful as all of that then why don’t you stay here and live it yourself?”
Noelle huffed, “Because despite having all of that I wouldn’t have the one thing my heart truly desires—love, true love.”
Hope snorted, “And after knowing Mister Johannsen for a few days you’re convinced that you know what true love is? Pardon me for sounding doubtful but I can’t very well let you run off with a practical stranger and destroy your life as well as the life of your family. No, I simply won’t allow it.”
“Well good thing I don’t require your approval. My mind is made up and I will do it with or without your help. I will be leaving in three days time and either my family will have to face the scandal that will inevitably break due to my actions or they can go on with their lives as if nothing untoward has occurred, it’s up to you.” 
Hope felt angrier in that moment than she had ever felt in her entire life. She could not believe Noelle would stoop so low as to manipulate her into thinking that the fate of her family was all on her shoulders. How had it come to this? 
Hope quickly retrieved her writing supplies from the desk before turning towards the door and calling over her shoulder, “I’m going to bed and I suggest you do the same. Hopefully a good night’s sleep is all you need and by morning you’ll be more reasonable.” And with that, she left. She knew she was being bold in her speech and that she should’ve stayed and helped Noelle ready for bed but she was so mad at her that she didn’t even care. 
Once she was back in the confines of her own small quarters she quickly put away her stuff then began pacing back and forth along the length of her room. She knew she should attempt to go to sleep and pray that when she woke up the next morning it had all been a bad dream but she knew that with her mind racing the way it was sleep would be impossible. 
Part of her was scared that Noelle would actually go through with her disastrous plan. Not only would it bring great shame to her family and cause quite a scandal, not to mention make her father appear foolish when he had no daughter to present to the duke, but it would also leave Hope without a job. She would have to attempt to secure another position with another lady which would be next to impossible after her current mistress had up and run off to America. She highly doubted the earl would write her a glowing letter of recommendation after that. 
Feeling hopeless, she eventually sat down on the corner of her bed as she thought about the ramifications of Noelle’s decision. She thought about the two options that had been presented to her; the first option would only bring the Earl of Brattondale and his family great shame and leave Hope jobless. The second option, though unthinkable to Hope, would leave no one hurting. Noelle could have her life in America with what she claimed was her true love and her family could go on living their lives as if nothing had happened, because they would never know anything had changed. Hope would be the one left in a precarious position—aware her whole life of the lie she would be forced to live, deceiving everyone she knew, even her own husband for that’s what Kerrington would be, her husband. The thought settled uncomfortably upon her. 
Of course there was a third option; the possibility of Noelle deciding to stay in London to marry the duke herself, but knowing her mistress as she did, she doubted that would be any option at all. Once Lady Noelle got something into her pretty little head, it was hard to talk her out of it. She felt so confused, not sure what she should do and completely terrified either way. She glanced at the small clock on the table beside her bed and decided that if she hurried she’d be able to catch the grooms still in the mews settling the horses after the earl and Devon’s return from the ball. 
She quickly slipped on a cloak, blew out the candle flickering on the mantle of her small fireplace and snuck out of her room, careful to tread lightly so Noelle wouldn’t hear as she walked past her door. The last thing she wanted at the moment was an encounter with her mistress. She had one goal in mind and that was to go to Shepard’s Bush and discuss the outrageous plan with her mother. If she was quick she knew she could be there and back before sunrise and no one would have to know of her absence. 
Hope breathed a sigh of relief as she slipped through the servants entrance largely undetected, for she was in no mood to talk to anyone at the present. She walked briskly to the back alley and quickly entered the mews, hoping she’d have no problem finding Geoffrey, the groom who had often let her borrow one of the horses for her infrequent visits to her mother. Although Shepard’s Bush was only a few miles away from the earl’s townhouse in Mayfair, by foot it took her much longer to get there than she liked and she felt safer being atop a horse where at least if she encountered something unsavory she could gallop away at much faster speeds than she could on foot.
Luckily Geoffrey’s lofty form was easy to spot in his navy blue and yellow livery. He was much taller than any of the other grooms that were employed by Lord Brattondale and had a lanky form to match. Hope sauntered over to where he was standing next to a marvelous looking mare, stroking her coat with one hand as he fed her an apple with his other. 
“Oh Geoffrey, I’m so glad you’re here tonight.”
Geoffrey turned in surprise to look at her, smiling the minute his eyes settled on her face, “Of course miss, where else would I be?”
She couldn’t help but smile back at him. Although she suspected he was much older than her twenty-one years, his expressions were youthful and he had an innocence that made him seem younger. She had always liked him and he had always treated her with kindness in return. 
“I have an urgent need to see my mother and was wondering if you’d be so kind to allow me to take Tabitha?” Her eyes briefly flickered to a chestnut gelding standing in the far stall. Although she wasn’t an expert rider, she could mount and dismount a horse with some sort of suitability and manage to get herself where she needed to go. 
Geoffrey’s smile faltered, “Is everything alright with your mother?” Hope was touched by his concern.
“I believe so, it has been awhile since I last saw her. I just have an urgent matter to discuss with her and had to get away while I could. I promise to have Tabitha back before sunrise so neither one of us gets in trouble.” She flashed him an encouraging smile, hoping he couldn’t see beyond it to the anxiousness she felt inside. 
“Of course. Let me just get her saddled up and you will be on your way.”
“Oh thank you Geoffrey, how can I ever repay you for your kindness?”
With another boyish smile and a wink he replied, “I’m sure we can figure something out.” It had been no secret to her that Geoffrey fancied her but she had always just chalked his mild flirtations up to his easy going personality. Now she wasn’t so sure and knowing the events that could transpire in the very near future, she knew that she’d never have a chance to get to know him better as he was implying. 
By the time Tabitha was saddled, Hope’s thoughts had been pulled back completely into her present dilemma, preventing her from responding fully to anything Geoffrey was saying. 
He finally cleared his throat, “If you come over here I’ll help you mount so you can be on your way, the hour grows late.”
Hope startled, “My apologies Geoffrey, my mind is a million miles away.”
“I understand.” He said as he bent to assist her up into the saddle, but she knew he couldn’t possibly understand something she didn’t fully comprehend herself. She gave him a quick goodbye and with that she was off. 
The ride to the small village of Shepard’s Bush where her mother lived usually took just under an hour but because of the darkness of the night she had to go at a slower pace. She had counted on the fresh air being able to clear her head and help her to sort through some of her racing thoughts but it didn’t seem to do much to ease the torrents of emotions that were swirling inside of her. 
By the time she trotted up in front of the small stone cottage she was no closer to knowing what the solution to her problem would be than she had been when she left. She slid clumsily off of Tabitha’s back, stumbling slightly as she hit the hard ground beneath her. She quickly righted herself and went and tied Tabitha to a post on the side of the cottage that was there for that exact purpose. 
Once the horse was settled she went and knocked gently on the cottage’s front door. She knew her mother had probably been in bed for hours by now and she deeply regretted having to wake her but she knew she couldn’t make a decision without first consulting with her. When nothing happened after a few moments she knocked once more. Finally she heard some shuffling and then the click of the lock before the door was pushed back a few inches and a small light illuminated her mother’s worn face. 
 “Oh!” Matilde exclaimed, “Child, you startled me. What’s the meaning of this? Is everything well?”
“Let me in and I’ll explain my visit.”
Matilde stood back from the door as Hope pushed her way in. The first thing she noticed was the cottage was not much warmer than the outside air had been. She glanced to the fireplace and saw only a small dying fire in the grate and instantly walked over to add another log to the fire.
“No, no,” Matilde waved frantically, “don’t add that log or it will get too hot in here for me. I find that I feel better when the temperature drops.”
Hope looked at her mother quizzically, “Are you well mama?”
Matilde glanced down, “Of course, now, do tell me what brings you here in the middle of the night.”
Hope moved to sit at the small worn table in the center of the room while her mother set about brewing a pot of tea to warm her up with. When the tea was finished and the scalding liquid set before her, Matilde sat and looked at her daughter expectantly.
Hope allowed herself to take a long sip of tea to warm her chilled body before speaking, “I find myself in the most horrible predicament and I’m distraught at what to do so I came seeking your advice.”
Matilde’s eyes widened in horror, “You are not with child are you?”
It was Hope’s turn to look horrified, “Of course not, mama! No, my trouble is with my mistress, Lady Noelle.” She watched as her mother visibly bristled at the mention of Noelle’s name.
“What sort of trouble Hope? Tell me now.” Her voice was firm and demanding.
She wasn’t exactly sure what her mother was anticipating but she knew she surprised her when she said, “Lady Noelle thinks she has fallen in love with an American gentleman and insists that she is fleeing to the continent with him to become his bride by the week’s end.”
“So you will lose your position, is that what all this fuss is about?”
“No, that is not all—she has this crazy idea in her head that I resemble her,” Matilde let out a strangled gasp, “and she wants me to impersonate her, to take her place and marry the Duke of Kerrington so that her family will not face scandal and ruin because of her actions.”
She had expected her mother to react as passionately as herself at the news so she was surprised when all she did was sit there silently, mulling the news over in her head. Hope watched her in silence, noting how much she had aged since she saw her last. Her skin appeared more wrinkled than before and hung loosely on her face and neck and hands. She realized that she had lost a significant amount of weight as well. For a moment her concern for her mother overshadowed her concern for herself.
“Mother, have you been feeling unwell? You have lost some weight since I saw you last.”
Matilde waived her hand impatiently as if dismissing her concern, “Hush child, I’m thinking.” It was obvious to Hope that she didn’t want to talk about her own apparent declining health so she just sat there in silence as her mother continued to think.
It felt like hours before Matilde finally spoke by way of command, “You will do as your mistress wishes.”
Hope felt like she had had a bucket of cold water thrown upon her, so startled she was by her mother’s decision. “What? But I’m no lady and if the earl were to find out of my deception he’d have me thrown into Newgate, or worse!”
“Once you are wed you will no longer be the earl’s concern so you will just have to ensure that the duke never finds out of your deceit.”
“But I cannot possibly marry a duke mama, he would never believe me to be a real Lady, I am but a mere servant. And if I became Lady Noelle I would no longer be able to see you, have you thought of that?”
Matilde’s expression looked pained as she reached one wrinkled hand across the table to cover Hope’s, the skin covering her bones was paper thin. “That would be the greatest hardship of all, for I love you dearly my daughter, but think of the life you would live. You’d be able to enjoy so many things that I have never been able to give you, things that you deserve, and you’d never have to work or worry about how you were going to provide for yourself for the rest of your life. This is a remarkable opportunity and you’d be a fool not to take it.”
Hope just sat, staring slack jawed at her mother not sure what to say. She hadn’t known what she’d expected her mother to do or say when she had decided to come see her but she certainly had not expected her to side with Lady Noelle.
When she finally spoke, her voice was barely above a whisper, “Do you really think I should go through with this?”
Matilde spoke boldly, “I don’t simply think you should do this, I know you must. It’s the only way. If you refuse than you will be left without a position and the chances of you finding another will be slim.” Hope nodded her head solemnly, she had already come to that conclusion on her own.
She decided to try out one last idea on her mother before accepting defeat, “I could always come home to live with you and find work here—if nothing else I can always take in laundry and mending to make a few extra shillings. The money I have saved up would last us for a good time to come.”
“Absolutely not, that isn’t any kind of life for you. You were born for something better and now is the time for you to accept that.” 
“Oh mama, I’m so frightened.” Hope confessed.
“It’ll all be well, you’ll see.” 
Matilde managed to maneuver her frail body out of the chair and hobble over to her bedroom and slip out of sight. Moments later she returned and came to stand behind Hope. Hope felt something cool touch her neck as she looked down to see a ruby pendant slide between her breasts. She reached down and captured the charm, lifting it for inspection. It was a fairly large round ruby surrounded by sparkling little diamonds. The flickering of the candles illuminated off the jewels many facets giving it a glittering appearance. 
“What is this?”
“It is something I have been meaning to give you for some time now—something for you to have of your mother’s.” 
When the necklace was clasped into place, Matilde shuffled once more to her bedroom, this time returning with a folded piece of parchment aged and worn with the passage of time and sealed with a drop of red wax. She handed it to Hope but before taking her hand from it she said, “You must give me your word that you will not open this letter until the time is right for you to do so.” 
She nodded, “But how will I know when the time is right?”
“You will know my child, now promise me or I will not give it to you.” Though she was puzzled by the oddity she agreed and not until then did Matilde’s hand release the letter into her own. 
“Now as much as I hate to see you go, you truly must be on your way.” Matilde pulled her daughter into a fierce embrace, both of them getting choked up knowing it would be the last of its kind that they would ever share. Hope pulled back, tears streaming down her face. She looked into her mother’s face as if she could memorize every last detail and commit it all to memory. Her heart was breaking at the thought of leaving her mother forever to embrace an uncertain and fearful future. 
Matilde placed a soft hand on Hope’s cheek, “Godspeed child. I have loved you with all of my heart and will do so until my dying breath.” 
“I love you too, mama.” And with that Hope turned and reluctantly left the small cottage and the only family she had ever known. 
Matilde watched in agony as her only daughter mounted her horse and galloped off into the night, waiting until she was no longer in view before whispering, “God be with you Lady Hope.”


Chapter 8

The ride back to Mayfair was a complete blur to Hope. She barely remembered talking to Geoffrey as she returned Tabitha to the mews before sneaking silently back into the house and to her room. Her body and mind were exhausted and as she slid into bed the last thing she remembered thinking about before falling into a fitful slumber was how curious it had been that her mother had never questioned her about how much she truly resembled Lady Noelle. Matilde had just accepted that the plan would work, having never laid eyes on Lady Noelle for herself—odd. 
When Hope finally awoke she felt as if she had never gone to bed at all. She had tossed and turned and fretted the whole night, never allowing her mind to shut down fully to allow her body peaceful sleep. She got ready for the day unhurriedly, dreading the moment she would see Lady Noelle and tell her that she had agreed to go along with her plan. She knew that Noelle would be ecstatic but she herself could only feel apprehension and dread. 
When she heard the tinkling of the brass bell, it was with great trepidation that she entered Noelle’s bedchamber. Noelle was sitting propped up in her bed, looking as if she had just awoken refreshed from a long nights slumber. Hope was irritated that she could sleep at such a time as this and did nothing to mask that irritation. 
“Good morning milady, what can I do for you?” she spoke through ground teeth.
Noelle yawned and stretched, her dainty hands reaching high above her head, “Oh don’t be silly Hope, you know exactly what you can do for me. Have you finally come to your senses and decided to do as I proposed?”
Though she knew that it was highly unlikely that Noelle would change her mind, her heart still plummeted in her chest at the affirmation. She clenched her jaw tightly for a few long seconds before finally answering, “Yes, milady.”
Noelle sprung from her bed, “Really? Look at me Hope,” she grabbed Hope’s shoulders and shook her. “You are going to be so happy, we both are.” Hope highly doubted she would but she wasn’t about to argue with her mistress, it was futile. 
“Oh, we have so much to do before I leave and not nearly enough time to do it all in. I have to teach you all there is to know about being a lady so that you can assume your new role gracefully.” 
Hope wasn’t optimistic about anything going gracefully but she didn’t say so. She felt unusually grumpy and knew that the lack of sleep contributed greatly to her mood, for she was rarely ever out of sorts. 
“Let’s start by getting you all dressed up as if you were attending a ball so I can see how you look as me once more.” She moved to her closet and began shuffling through the surfeit of ball gowns. It was odd for Hope to see her doing something that she usually did for her, and as she moved to assist her she stopped herself, figuring she better get used to it if she were going to assume her role permanently. 
Noelle strode back to where Hope was standing holding a bronze gown in her arms, “Hurry and strip down so we can get you dressed. Isn’t this fun?” Hope ignored her and began undressing. Moments later she was ensconced once more into the rigid corset and Noelle was soon slipping the gown over her head. The bronze color of the dress served to draw even more attention to the unusual amber shade of her eyes and was much finer than the day dress she had worn last time she had posed as Noelle. Next Noelle instructed her to pin her hair up elaborately while she herself insisted on dressing once more in Hope’s garb. 
“Though I plan on staying in the privacy of these chambers all day while I train you to become a lady, I’d rather be safe in case somebody decides to come looking for either one of us.” It made sense so Hope didn’t argue. 
Once Hope had her hair dressed, Noelle came over to sit at the vanity to help apply the rouge and lip salve and to darken her lashes for her. When the primping was complete Noelle hummed in appreciation, “It’s peculiar how much you resemble myself, don’t you find it a little unnerving?”
“I find it more than a little unnerving and more than a little inconvenient.” Hope muttered, wondering how much Noelle really cared about her opinion.
“Well stranger things have happened I suppose.” Then pushing her musings aside she continued, “Now, where shall we begin?” She tapped one finger thoughtfully against her cheek.  
“I suppose we should start with dancing, for I know not a single thing about it. I feel much more confident in the other areas, having been your lady’s maid long enough to have a fairly good understanding of the other components of being a lady. I’m almost positive I could work my way through a multi-course meal and I am as versed in the social proprieties as you are, but I have never had the occasion to learn to dance, never needed to know how.”
“Perfect, let’s begin there. I suppose I’ll have to act as the gentleman and the orchestra seeing as how we have no music.” She thought for a minute, “I guess I’ll just have to hum a tune and hope you can pick up on the rhythm of the dance.” 
Oh dear, she hoped this would work, for dancing was an integral part of being a Lady. She knew that masquerading as Lady Noelle would require her to attend multiple balls a week and that there was no way she could get away with not dancing at every single one of those balls. Both girls worked to move a few stray pieces of furniture out of the way, clearing a space for the lessons. 
“The first dance we will start with is a country dance. You’ll just have to imagine there are more couples dancing along with us.” 
Noelle began humming a lively tune as she led Hope in the steps of the dance. There was much fumbling and stepping on toes but Noelle was persistent and insisted that they try again and again.  Eventually that persistence paid off and Hope felt as if she could satisfactorily dance a country dance. She was glad that she was a quick learner and fairly agile. 
After taking a break to rest their feet Noelle stood once more and gestured for Hope to do the same, “Next we will work on waltzing.” Noelle stood directly in front of Hope and placed one hand on her back before taking her other hand in her own, “Now I’ve noticed you’re rather good at following my lead so if you can continue to do that, this should come quite easily for you. First, step back with your right foot.” 
Hope kept her gaze down as she struggled to watch their feet amidst the billowing skirt of her gown, trying to get in rhythm. She stumbled on Noelle’s toes frequently and finally she figured Noelle had had enough of it when she decided once more that it was time to rest. 
“I’m not sure I can learn to waltz, is there any chance that I can avoid this particular dance?” she asked hopefully.
“Hardly, it’s all the rage and I’m sure the duke will insist upon waltzing with you.” The thought of being in a man’s arms stumbling around a ballroom unnerved her. She knew if she were ever going to pull off this charade she would need to master the waltz and so after a few minutes of rest they were practicing once more.  And so the remainder of the day went, practicing one dance after another until Hope’s feet ached from wearing the unfamiliar ball slippers. 
Finally Noelle called it a day, much to Hope’s relief, and sat down with a huff, “I must confess, dancing with you is more tiresome than dancing with half the ton, and not nearly as pleasant.” She reached down and pulled off one slipper and began rubbing her toes, “and much more painful.” Hope grimaced, her confidence not at all bolstered by the comments. 
“Let’s hope we can improve your dancing abilities drastically in the next few days or we could be in trouble. Now, we have to discuss how this will all work out. I hate to have to tarnish your name but we have to come up with a credible story for your sudden and impromptu departure and it won’t reflect well on you I am certain.”
Hope already knew that and offered a suggestion, “Why don’t we stick as close to the truth as possible. Let’s just tell your father that I left a note behind saying that I have run away with a gentleman I have fallen in love with and plan to flee the country. Please, no more lies if we can help it.” 
“Perfect. He’ll be perturbed and insist on getting you a new lady’s maid post haste, but there should be no further ramifications and this way Hope Hillburn can just disappear into the unknown indefinitely.”
Hope flinched at the casual way Noelle talked of her demise as if it would have no effect on her life whatsoever. Maybe it wouldn’t but it was certainly affecting Hope’s own life to vast extremes. The thought of putting her identity completely in the past made her feel sick to her stomach. She just hoped that she could retain a part of who she was and not lose herself completely in this new life she was embarking on. 
Suddenly it all weighed her down and felt like more than she could bear: saying her final goodbyes to her mother, having to dress in fancy clothes, having to learn to dance, and worst of all, having to eventually become a duchess. 
She rose quickly, “Please unhook my dress, I suddenly feel fatigued and need to lie down for a bit…it was a long night.” An understatement if there ever was one. All she knew was that she wanted to get back into her own familiar clothes and away from Noelle where she could enjoy whatever she could of her final days as plain old Hope Hillburn from Shepard’s Bush. 
The minute the bronze satin gown fell to the floor and her corset was unlaced, she insisted that Noelle remove her gown so she could redress before stealing away to her own quarters to be alone where she could write and transport herself away into another world. A world that would always be there for her, a world where she could imagine anything she pleased, be anything she chose.


Chapter 9

“Whoa, Tristan,” Pierce called as he pulled back on the reins of his beloved black stallion, bringing them to a halt. Elliot galloped up behind them, slowing his own mare as well. They sat atop their horses in silence as they looked out over the vast lands beyond Ridgecrest Manor. Rolling green hills stretched for miles, a slight breeze wafted the scent of fresh rain and foliage up to their noses and Pierce inhaled deeply.
“Do you ever regret not doing things you always dreamed of doing?”
“Of course, we all do.” Elliot tried to reassure him, hoping his friend would snap out of the pensive mood he’d been in as of late.
“Right now I’m regretting the fact that I never went to America.” Pierce turned in his saddle to look at his friend, “What say we book passage and leave all of this behind?”
Elliot laughed, “You can’t be serious. Didn’t all your travels throughout Europe sate your appetite for such an adventure?”
Pierce shrugged, “I thought so…until recent developments.”
“I know that being leg shackled has gotten you feeling caged but running away will not solve anything. What would you do once you were in America and had to forge a living for yourself? And what would become of your mother and the Kerrington estates and wealth? Oh that’s right, your weasel of a cousin Bartholomew would inherit. That would surely please your tenants, not to mention the duchess.” 
“You’re right of course, I guess I’m just mourning the loss of love never known.”
Elliot snorted in disgust, “Don’t speak of love. Few there be that find it and the rest of mankind who so foolishly search for something so rare and near impossible to find will only end up miserable when they don’t find the elusive prize.  You’re making the right choice man, marry for convenience and to produce an heir, nothing more. If your expectations are low you can’t possibly be disappointed.” 
Pierce knew Elliot was speaking from experience and his own bitterness but he couldn’t resist asking, “Then why haven’t you conveniently found yourself a wife? I presume you need an heir as much as I do.”
“Eventually I suppose I’ll have to. Lucky for me I don’t have any parents breathing down my back about the matter, thank heavens.” Pierce felt a pang of sadness in his breast at the thought of his dear friend being an orphan. At least his parents hadn’t both died at the same time like Elliot’s had so he was still left with a mother to tie him to someone. And though he knew Elliot had tried to sound indifferent about it all, he couldn’t help but feel that part of his detached air had something to do with his parent’s loss. 
They sat in silence for some time, enjoying the view mother nature had created for them before Pierce said, “Tell me what you remember about this Lady Noelle.” Though he’d asked before, he kept hoping that Elliot would somehow be able to remember something that would reassure him that he wasn’t marrying a complete ogre. 
“Like I told you before, I don’t know her well and I don’t remember ever being privy to any juicy gossip about the girl so that’s good, though I suppose that depends on how you look at it.”
“What does she look like?”
“Oh, you mean is she ugly?” 
Pierce hadn’t wanted to sound shallow, but he couldn’t help admitting to his own curiosity on the subject. “Well I suppose it would be too much to expect her to be beautiful, but is she even remotely handsome?”
“I wouldn’t go as far as to claim she’s exquisite but I dare venture to say that you won’t have to put a bag over her head before attempting to produce an heir.” Pierce let out a loud laugh before Elliot shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly and continued, “But from what I remember she’s very nondescript but I suppose beauty is in the eye of the beholder.” 
“Beauty fades with time, let’s hope that I can at least stomach the chit and pray that she isn’t some sort of spoiled shrew. I suppose the spoiled part is inevitable but the shrew part doesn’t have to be, right?”
“For your sake I sure hope so. I find it highly ironic that a man with your title and brooding dark looks had to win a wife in a game of piquet. You know you could’ve had your pick of any lady, don’t you?”
“So could you and I don’t see you taking advantage of the opportunity.” Pierce said, trying to turn the focus on Elliot instead of himself.
“Let’s not go over this again. What say we race back to Ridgecrest Manor, see if you still have it in you?” Before Pierce could answer Elliot had turned and galloped off in a fury and Pierce had no choice but to follow. When Ridgecrest Manor came into view they were riding neck to neck but at the last minute Pierce leaned forward as he kicked Tristan in the flank and was able to pull forward and beat Elliot by a mere head. He had forgotten how exhilarating a good race could be. 
Laughing good-naturedly they led their horses back to the stable before heading back into the house. The duchess was waiting for them in the drawing room as they entered.
“Boys, do come in and I’ll ring for tea, I have some things I’d like to discuss with you.” Though they both would’ve liked to freshen up first they knew it was always easier to just agree with whatever the duchess had in mind. They moved into the drawing room which was decorated in shades of blue and ivory and sat precariously on the dainty furniture that filled the room, feeling as if their large frames could topple the furniture if they weren’t careful.  The duchess lifted a gloved hand to her mouth to hide a giggle that threatened to escape at the sight of the two virile young men sitting perched on her delicate furniture. Oh what a picture they made with their matching dark hair and mysterious looks, but while Elliot’s eyes were a striking pale blue, Pierce’s were so dark they almost appeared black. 
After she rang for tea and everyone had been served, the duchess spoke, “Pierce I’ve decided that I want to host a country party here at Ridgecrest Manor next week for you to announce your engagement. I need you to help compile the guest list and of course to inform your soon-to-be fiancé. Plus it’ll be the perfect opportunity for us to spend a little time getting to know the girl, don’t you think?”
Pierce wasn’t sure he liked the idea of having to spend time getting to know Lady Noelle under his mother’s watchful eye. The situation would prove to be awkward enough without her meddling, but he didn’t know how he could politely refuse without hurting her feelings, so he said nothing and just listened as she chattered on.
“You must inform Lady Noelle as soon as possible, I’m sure she’ll want to have a new gown made up for the special occasion. And don’t worry about any of the planning, leave the details up to me.” He’d fully planned on it.
Then turning to Elliot she said, “And Lord Martineau, you will attend won’t you?”
“Of course, I love a good country party.” Though he said it dryly, she didn’t seem to notice. 
Setting her saucer down she placed her hands in her lap, “Well now that that’s settled, you best be getting back to London to meet your soon-to-be bride and inform her of the upcoming event.”
Pierce swallowed hard, though he had told Lord Brattondale he would call on Noelle in a week, he had actually intended on that time frame being a flexible guideline and had hoped to spend a few more days at Ridgecrest Manor before returning to London and the fate that awaited him. But now that there was to be a party thrown in their honor in a week’s time, he had no choice but to return promptly and meet the girl who would become his wife. 
***
“Oh Hope, I can’t believe this is goodbye forever,” Noelle exclaimed as she pulled Hope into a fierce embrace. The sun was still hours from rising but Noelle had to escape the premises before a soul woke up and could discover her, though she was disguised as Hope just to be safe. 
Hope felt herself getting teary at the goodbye. She had been with Noelle for nearly four years and in many ways she had become a good friend to her, despite this latest scheme that still made her uncomfortable. She tried to push away her feelings of anxiousness and unease knowing that despite Noelle’s excitement to marry Soren, there were many things she was sacrificing as well. She had to consider herself lucky that she at least had had the opportunity to give her mother a proper farewell. Noelle spent her last three days in London with her family pretending that everything was as it appeared and had no opportunity to tell Devon or her father goodbye, for her secret depended on their ignorance. If everything went according to plan, they’d never know she had left their lives.
Hope handed Noelle her reticule, “Are you sure I can’t wait to inform your father of my supposed absence till later this afternoon? I mean, what if something happens and you don’t go away with Soren? Surely you’ll want to come back and resume your proper identity and then nothing will have had to change, I’d still be here waiting for you.” She tried to voice her worries delicately, but she was worried Noelle saw right through her.
“You’re not implying that Soren may not have meant what he said, are you? He’s a man of honor and he’ll keep his word, of this I am sure.”
Hope wished she could be as confident. “I’m not trying to discredit his honor in any way, I’m just trying to think of all the possible outcomes.”
Noelle softened slightly, “No, it has to be this way. Father would wonder what took you so long to come to him if you waited. Trust me, I’ll be sailing to America long before then, rest assured.”
She began walking towards the door and as she had one hand on the handle ready to pull it open Hope called softly, “Be safe…and be happy.”
Noelle turned and smiled over her shoulder, “I will. I owe all my future happiness to you, for that I will be eternally grateful. Try to be happy yourself.” And with that Hope watched her silently slip out of the door and out of her life forever.  
 Hope stood staring at the door for what felt like an eternity, part of her anticipating the moment when Noelle would return and exclaim the whole thing had been a grand joke and that there was no way she could leave her privileged existence behind. She didn’t know how long she sat and stared until she realized that Noelle wasn’t coming back. She walked over to the big bed and wished she could cuddle up under the thick covers and fall asleep but she knew that sleep would only elude her. Instead she decided to go back to her own room one final time. She still had to collect her writings and make a few adjustments in the room to make it appear as if she had packed up and left with no thoughts of returning. She also had to grab the note she had written explaining her hasty departure to show the earl. 
Walking into her room she became nostalgic. She never thought she’d miss the plain quarters but they had been home to her for the past four years, the one place in the world she could go to have privacy and to just be herself. It saddened her to think that in a short time there would be another lady’s maid sleeping on the lumpy mattress, enjoying the view of Mayfair that the small window afforded, enjoying long hours of rest and relaxation while she herself would be out at one society event or another, uncomfortable and out of place and living a lie. 
She quickly grabbed her stuff and made her way back to her new room, shutting the door forever on her past. She still had a few hours until the earl would rise and start his day. She knew that it would appear odd if she went to seek out Lord Brattondale too early in the morning so she had to bide her time until an acceptable hour. She thought the time would drag but much to her chagrin it sped by quickly, too quickly. Before she knew it, it was time to put the remainder of their plan into motion—it was time to officially and permanently become Lady Noelle.


Part Two


Chapter 10

Taking a deep breath, Hope shakily opened the door leading into the hall. She poked her head out and glanced back and forth to make sure no one was there before stepping out onto the cold parquet floors. Her feet were bare and she had on a simple white morning dress, her hair flowing freely down her back. She felt silly being out and about in such disarray but it was an important part of the plan, without her lady’s maid, Noelle wouldn’t have been able to properly dress and ready herself for the day.
Hope began walking tentatively down the hall, knowing that Lord Brattondale would most likely be found in the breakfast room taking his morning tea. She dreaded going into that part of the house, knowing there was no way she could go undetected—there would be a surplus of servants scurrying about attending to their daily duties. As she came to the corner that would take her down past the drawing room and towards the breakfast room she straightened and took a steadying breath before slipping into her role as a frantic Noelle who had just discovered her lady’s maid had gone missing in the night. 
Grabbing her skirt she forged ahead at a hurried pace, attempting to look frantic. And though she was only acting, she did indeed feel frantic but for entirely different reasons. From somewhere behind her she heard a noise that startled her and quickly averted her gaze. The moment she looked down she felt herself collide with a solid mass, causing her to push back in resistance and trip into the mahogany bench sitting against the wall. Before she could steady herself she felt her back arch and reached her hands back to catch herself on the piece of furniture that proved to be too close to the ground to offer any help and immediate support. 
Instead of her hands coming in contact with hard wood of the bench, they flailed wildly as she desperately tried to grab onto something, anything to keep her aright, but to no such luck. She fell to the ground awkwardly with a thump, her left ankle twisting unnaturally beneath her in the process. The sharp pain in her ankle that accompanied her fall momentarily distracted her from her mortification. She reached down and pulled up her skirt to inspect her foot, rubbing it to ease the pain, oblivious to the stranger watching her every move.
Pierce sat back and stared in shock. He had been waiting in the drawing room for a quarter of an hour and was growing impatient with the delay. The butler had told him that Lord Brattondale would be with him shortly but he had yet to grace Pierce with his presence. When he heard a noise in the hall he had stepped out to see what was going on when he felt more than saw someone crash into his chest. He then watched in horror as the girl did an un-choreographed dance with the bench only to finish by falling gracelessly to the floor in a heap of white muslin and golden waves of hair. 
Pierce had reached forth to try and steady her but it had all happened too quickly that he hadn’t been able to respond in time so he watched helplessly as the girl fell to the floor. He immediately made to assist her to her feet but was distracted by her motions when she pulled up her skirt to reveal a slender ankle and one dainty foot. The appearance of that one bare limb had him mesmerized—it was a provocatively feminine leg and he couldn’t seem to peel his eyes away. 
He watched for a second while the girl rubbed her foot before his brain seemed to kick into gear and start working again. He squatted down next to her and cleared his throat. The girl looked up sharply, seeming to become aware for the first time that she was not alone.
“Oh! I apologize.” She quickly pulled her skirt down, much to his regret, to cover the view he had just been appreciating so fully. “I was just looking for my father.”
Pierce looked at the disheveled girl in front of him with new eyes. Could this be Lady Noelle? By father certainly she was referring to Lord Brattondale. He briefly scanned her body before returning to look at her face. If this was indeed Lady Noelle then Elliot had been wrong, terribly wrong, for this girl was not plain in any way. Her long hair fell all around her shoulders in cascading waves of honey, tempting him to reach out and run his hand through the thick locks. How had Elliot described her? Nondescript. She was the farthest thing from nondescript he had ever seen—her pale face was artfully arranged with full pink lips, a straight nose and when he looked into her eyes he gasped. She had the most amazing eyes he had ever looked into! They were the color of brandy and he couldn’t seem to look away. He had a sudden desire to reach out and brush a wayward strand of hair from her face, stopping himself before he did just that. 
He reached for her hand instead, watching as she stared at his extended hand before offering hers in return. He took her hand and raised it to his lips, placing a soft kiss to it before saying, “It just so happens I’m waiting for Lord Brattondale to arrive. Let me help you to the drawing room where we can take a look at your foot.” He made to help her to her feet and watched as she grimaced in pain. Without thinking he scooped her into his arms and carried her into the drawing room, depositing her gently on a rose damask settee. 
“Thank you but that was hardly necessary, I’m sure I could’ve managed the few feet it took to get in here.” Hope felt her face burn with embarrassment. She looked up into the dark eyes of the stranger and couldn’t believe she had allowed him to hold her in his arms, but then again, he hadn’t given her much choice in the matter. She looked down at her hands resting in her lap, mortified that he was seeing her dressed so indecently. Who was the man anyway? 
Before she knew what he was doing he was kneeling before her, reaching to take her injured foot into his hand. She gasped and tried to pull back but his grip was firm and unyielding. 
“What are you doing?” she squeaked, highly unnerved by the feel of his large hand on her bare foot.
“You took a bad tumble and I think you may have sprained your ankle. I think you should take it easy and stay off of it for awhile. Of course I’m no doctor, it’s merely a suggestion.” 
Pierce continued to inspect her ankle, sure that it wasn’t hurt beyond a minor sprain but unwilling to take his hands from her soft, smooth skin, despite the indecency of the gesture. 
Finally Hope pulled back, “That’s quite enough, thank you.” She waited as he stood once more, noting his impeccable attire—he was dressed to perfection in tan breeches that accented long, muscular legs. She briefly noted that one of his thighs was almost as thick as her waist before continuing her observation of his attire; he wore a dark waistcoat and jacket with an expertly tied cravat that appeared even starker next to his dark skin. Every inch of him looked flawless. She noticed how perfectly his jacket was tailored to fit snuggly across his broad shoulders without appearing too tight.
The stranger seemed to find her appraisal of him humorous as he watched her with one eyebrow cocked. When her eyes came to settle on his face he smirked, “See something you like?”
Her face flamed once more. She would never admit to him that she found his dark, roguish looks wildly appealing. He was a magnificently made specimen, something her wildest imagination couldn’t have conjured. Instead she took the offense, “I was just wondering who you might be and what you are doing in my house?”
“Allow me to introduce myself. I’m Pierce Chadwick, the Duke of Kerrington. And who might you be?” Though he was almost positive he knew he still had to ask. 
Hope gasped, her eyes widening in alarm. So this was the Duke of Kerrington, the man she was now expected to marry in Noelle’s place. Her palms began to sweat and her thoughts raced. She had pictured a stodgy middle aged duke, not an outrageously handsome man with a wicked glint in his dark eyes. How would she ever be expected to be wed to such a man? 
While her thoughts were racing the duke asked once more, “May I ask who you might be?”
“Oh! Pardon me your grace, I just didn’t expect…I mean, I thought that…oh forget it. I’m Lady Noelle.” It felt odd referring to herself as someone other than Hope but she knew from here on out that Hope was dead to her and that Lady Noelle would be her only identity. 
Though he had expected her to confirm his suspicions that she was indeed Lady Noelle, he found he was still partially dreading that he might be mistaken and that she would end up being a younger daughter or cousin. He was at once relieved and oddly delighted until he remembered she was just another spoiled lady of the ton, most likely with nothing more to offer him but a pretty face. Not that he’d complain, at least luck had favored him with a beautiful future wife. 
Hope watched as Pierce took his turn appraising her, feeling as if she was a horse on display at Tattersall’s and he was deciding whether he liked what he saw enough to purchase. Unfortunately for him, and much to his own doing, whether he liked what he saw or not, the purchase had already been made. 
Being scrutinized by the duke was making her squirm and finally she had had enough of his piercing gaze raking her body and she snapped, “Like what you see?”
Pierce let out a sonorous laugh, “Whether I do or not is of no consequence now, I fear it’s past time for me to be picky—I’ve won you fair and square and I’m much too honorable to back out of the deal now. I suppose we’re stuck.”
The arrogance and brashness of his statement made any positive impressions she had formed of the duke vanish, being replaced by the opinion that Noelle had been wise to flee this marriage while she had a chance for real love and happiness, highly doubting she would have ever come to love the conceited Duke of Kerrington.
When she finally spoke she did so through gritted teeth, “I’m not exactly impressed with you either but I wasn’t the one foolish enough to play for your hand in a silly game of chance. You were, after all, the one who misused his agency to gamble with both of our futures. Pardon if I very much agree with your assessment that we are indeed stuck, as you so inelegantly put it. At least you had a choice, whether you chose honorably or not I suppose is a matter of opinion and for now I’ll keep mine to myself.”  
“I beg to differ, I think you just made your opinion known.” He snapped back, unsure of what else to say to defend himself. It rubbed him wrong that he couldn’t completely disagree with her and that she had indeed pegged him right, but he was much too proud to play the fool and admit the error of his ways to himself, let alone her.
“Very well, then there won’t be any pretenses between us, that’s a relief.” She quipped though she felt like a hypocrite for saying it when she knew there would always be a bigger secret between them. 
They sat in silence, avoiding each other’s gaze until the sound of silence became so loud it was deafening. Hope fiddled with her skirt, giving her hands something to do, keeping her eyes downcast to avoid having to look at the duke. 
Pierce was the one to finally break the silence, “You act as if marrying me is akin to facing the guillotine. Is the prospect of being my wife really that unappealing?”
Hope had to hide a smile behind her hand at his outburst. Apparently he was used to women fawning over him and the thought that the very lady he was practically betrothed to was not impressed with him obviously perturbed him greatly. 
“Let’s just say it wasn’t a choice I would’ve made for myself.” She replied honestly, knowing full well that she hadn’t made the choice to pose as lady Noelle and marry the insufferable duke, though if things would’ve been different and she really had been born a lady, who’s to say she wouldn’t have chosen someone like the Duke of Kerrington? His dark hair and chiseled features attracted her and she had a hard time looking at him without remembering the thrill she had felt as he caressed her ankle with his large hands or his masculine smell as he held her against his hard, broad chest. But then she remembered his arrogant manner and she immediately decided that she would never have chosen to be tied to a conceited, vain aristocrat on her own.
Pierce leaned back casually against the wall, trying to mask his irritation at her words, “I suppose you think you could’ve made a more advantageous match than marrying a duke?”
“Ha!” she said flailing a hand in front of her, “A duke, an earl, a marquis, none of that matters to me. The measure of a man is his honor, not his title.”
“If your taste is so exceptional, than why haven’t you made your own match by now? Let me guess, no gentleman can measure up to your exacting standards?” he asked acerbically. 
There was a pregnant pause before Hope finally answered, “Perhaps I have yet to meet a man that—thrills me.” She inwardly winced, having no idea where that had come from.
“Thrills you?” he barked, and before she knew it he was sitting next to her on the settee making her feel small next to his overpowering frame. 
His face was inches from hers and she could feel his warm breath on her face as he spoke, “If you’re looking to base a marriage off thrills alone, this union might not be completely hopeless. If there’s one thing I can deliver, it’s thrills.” And with that he took her head into his hands and pressed his lips to her own.
Hope was speechless. The feel of his firm lips on hers had shocked her completely at first but as the initial forcefulness of the kiss dissipated and turned gentle she found she couldn’t focus on anything other than his kiss, though she knew she should protest and object to his forwardness.  His hands wound into her loose hair, caressing her scalp and causing her spine to tingle. The kiss deepened and she found herself forgetting about anything around her, the very fact that they were sitting in the middle of the drawing room where someone could walk in at any moment didn’t even cross her mind. 
Though Pierce had initially kissed her to prove a point he soon found himself completely immersed in her, nothing existed but the two of them. She was warm and responsive and smelled clean and fresh and slightly of lavender, unlike most of the ladies of his acquaintance who wore so much perfume it repulsed him. He could tell by her initial hesitation and reservation that she hadn’t had much experience kissing and it gave him a secret thrill to realize that as her husband he would be the one to teach her the art of passion. When she moaned softly he moaned in response, wrapping his hands in her hair and tugging her head back to give him full access to her neck as he trailed tiny kisses down her cheek and over the slim column of satin skin feeling her pulse beat under his lips. He slowly moved back up to her lips where he placed a final kiss before reluctantly pulling back to look at her flushed cheeks and eyes that had darkened with passion.
“Tell me that didn’t thrill you,” he growled. 
He didn’t know what he expected her to say but he was caught completely off guard when she put a dainty hand over her mouth and began giggling. He failed to find the humor in what had just occurred. 
“What’s so humorous?” he asked. 
“You just snarled at me, like the grumpy gnome in one of my stories that snarls when he speaks. I couldn’t help it that you reminded me of him.”
“How flattering to know that I remind you of a gnome.  And for the record, I don’t snarl.” What was with women telling him he snarled lately—first his mother and now her?
“You most certainly did your grace. Do you make a habit of it because if so I’m not sure I can go through with this arrangement. To think I’ll be spending the rest of my life with a man that snarls is unthinkable.”
“That’s all you have to say? I just kiss you passionately and all you can do is complain that I snarl?”
She felt herself weaken at the reminder of that passionate kiss. It had shaken her up more than she was willing to admit so instead she said, “I suppose it was pleasant enough, thank you.”
“Pleasant? I’ve been told my kisses are many things but never have they been described as merely pleasant.” He was provoked by her indifference to a kiss that had sparked more passion in him than he could ever recall experiencing but he would never admit it if she wouldn’t. 
“You’re snarling again—and maybe you haven’t gathered enough opinions.”
“I can assure you that I’ve kissed plenty of women,” he raked one hand through his hair causing it to muse adorably. “And this is a highly inappropriate discussion.”
“No more inappropriate than your previous actions.” She said as she purposely scooted away from him, it was much too hard to think clearly when he sat so close she could feel the heat radiating off of his body.
He couldn’t seem to help himself and he snarled.
“Truly you must overcome that, it’s quite an unbecoming habit.”
“I can’t seem to help myself, you seem to bring out the surliness in me.”
“Don’t try to place the blame on me, I’m sure you’re quite capable of that all on your own.” She couldn’t help but goad him, hoping to take his ego down a notch or two.  Pierce leaned back, his arms crossing over his chest as he perfected a pout that quite irritated Hope, especially since it only seemed to draw attention to his full lips and she did not want to think about those lips and what they had felt like on her own. 
The loud clearing of a throat caused both of them to jump. Pierce sprang to his feet and smoothed out his jacket as he moved to greet Lord Brattondale with a handshake. Hope sat as still as she could, nervous about playing Noelle for the first time in the Earl’s presence. She hoped he wouldn’t see through her act and see to punish her as he saw fit, not to mention the embarrassment the scene would cause her by being called out on the deception in front the duke. For the second time within a matter of minutes her breathing was coming rapidly, but this time it was as a result of nerves and not passion.
“Your grace,” Lord Brattondale nodded at Pierce as his fleshy hand reached out to grip the much leaner and more muscular hand of the duke, “I’m glad the arrangement has already been made for your betrothal to my daughter or surely this scandalous scene would warrant such actions.” He looked suspiciously at Pierce’s mused hair before turning to glance at his daughter, shocked to see her in a state of such dishabille. 
Hope rose and walked towards the earl, anxious to defend herself, “Oh no father, it’s not what you think. I have the most horrible news—Hope has left in the middle of the night to run away with one of the stable boys. I only appear this way because I couldn’t properly ready myself without the assistance of a maid so I came to tell you post haste, to ensure I get a replacement promptly.” She hoped she sounded sufficiently concerned, then gesturing one hand toward Pierce she continued, “It was quite by accident that I met his grace on my hurried search for you.”
“I suppose the loss of your lady’s maid is quite tragic,” she wasn’t sure if he was being facetious or not. “I will arrange for a replacement without delay. Now at least go get some stockings and slippers on and pull your hair up properly, I assume you can manage at least that much on your own?”
She nodded silently then turned to exit the room but not before she heard Lord Brattondale saying, “I apologize, your grace, she’s not always so imprudent.”
And the duke responding, “No apology necessary, I have a feeling your daughter is quite full of surprises, the least of which is her reckless appearance this morning.”
If he only knew.


Chapter 11

Hope returned to the drawing room directly behind a maid who had brought in tea. She had managed to right herself to a more respectable appearance—her legs and feet were now well covered and she had pinned her hair back simply, leaving a few waves loose to fall around her face.  Her ankle was still sore and walking up the stairs had only seemed to aggravate the injury. She tried to hide her slight limp by opting to sit in the closest chair she could reach while also making sure it was far enough away from the duke. She avoided eye contact with him as she sat and waited for tea to be served. 
Pierce watched as she situated herself into a far chair, noting the slight limp as she had entered the room. He hoped she would take it easy for a few days to avoid further injury. He quickly perused her and found that he much preferred it when she hadn’t looked so proper. His fingers itched with the desire to pull the pins from her hair, freeing its silky mass so she would look wild and free like she had before. 
Hope had successfully avoided looking at the duke until she had a steaming cup of tea in her hands.  She chanced a quick look only to see him staring at her as he spoke, his dark eyes boring into her. She couldn’t read the expression on his face before she quickly averted her gaze, embarrassed that she had been caught looking at him. She didn’t want to give him the satisfaction of thinking she was interested in him, for she certainly wasn’t. In fact, she’d be fine if she never had to see the man again, listen to him snarl, or have to endure another one of his kisses.
“Noelle, Kerrington was talking to you, have you no manners?” Lord Brattondale barked.
Hope snapped out of her reverie, still avoiding the duke’s gaze instead choosing to look at the earl, “I apologize, what was he saying?”
Pierce interjected, “I was saying that my mother is planning a country party this upcoming week for us to announce our engagement. She also figures it would be a good time for us to get better acquainted with one another. We’ll need to leave in two days time, I trust you’ll have another maid by then and will be able to accompany me to Ridgecrest Manor.” 
“Do I have any other options?”
“Noelle!” the earl roared. “You will not speak to his grace in such a manner. From here on out you are betrothed to the man. The banns are scheduled to be read immediately following the announcement of your engagement and I will not have you disrespecting your fiancé any further. You may not have asked for this marriage but you will cease complaining, do I make myself clear?”
“Perfectly,” she mumbled feeling contrite, and then turning to Pierce she muttered, “Please accept my apology, I’ll be ready to embark with you to Ridgecrest Manor as you’ve arranged.” She tried to ignore the smug look on his face, knowing he was reveling in the admonition the earl had given her. 
***
Hope watched as a shiny black coach pulled up in front of the townhouse, feeling a moment of anticipation at the prospect of riding in such a fancy carriage, for it was far fancier than anything the Parrish’s owned. She allowed the duke to assist her into the carriage, trying hard to ignore the current of energy that surged between them at the contact. She made herself comfortable on the seat as he then assisted her newly acquired lady’s maid, Esther, up into the carriage before getting in himself and sitting on the seat directly opposite of her. She felt uncomfortable having him so close, and the constant way he scrutinized her only added to her discomfort.
They rode the first few miles in silence and though it was early in the day she kept wishing that he would just fall asleep so she could relax and enjoy the ride in peace. But the duke seemed anything but tired as he stretched his legs, crowding her space as well, for she tried to sit as far away from him as possible in hopes of avoiding any further contact with the man.
Apparently he had noticed. “I don’t bite you know.”
“I suppose one can never be too sure—you do snarl and that very well could be a prelude to more worrisome habits.”
“You give me too much credit,” he stated dryly.
They went back to sitting in silence before he spoke once again, reminding her that he couldn’t seem to tolerate the quiet, much to her disappointment.
“So, tell me about your writings.”
“My writings?”
“Yes, you mentioned that I remind you of a gnome in one of your stories. I assume that implied you wrote.”
“Oh that,” she waved impatiently, “it’s nothing really.” She hoped he wouldn’t pry further, for it was something she didn’t talk to anyone about and she wasn’t inclined to begin with him.
“Really? You referred to me in relation to a grumpy gnome, I figure since you were the one who brought it up it was a safe subject to talk about. That is, unless you’re embarrassed.” He watched her face for a reaction, noticing the slight reddening of her cheeks, “You’re embarrassed, aren’t you? Don’t tell me you write frivolous romance stories with dashing heroes and simpering heroines, I would have to agree that would be an embarrassment and a complete waste of time.”
“For your information, your grace, I would never bother writing about something I don’t believe in.”
“You don’t believe in romance?” he asked incredulously.
“Most likely it’s love I don’t believe in. I’ve never pursued it before and I don’t plan to start now.”
Though he was of the same mind, it caused an odd pain in his heart to hear her speak so hopelessly about the elusive emotion, having no desire to experience it for herself. She was too young and much too beautiful to have given up all hope of romance and love, feeling only a sense of honor and duty in the marriage contract. He should’ve felt relieved that she had no such expectations in her marriage to him, but it bothered him all the same. 
He leaned forward, resting his forearms on his thighs, “You don’t entertain the idea of meeting a gentleman who would adore you and sweep you off of your feet?”
Hope laughed mirthlessly, “It wouldn’t matter if I did, it’s too late for such trivial fantasies, my future has already been decided and that future is you. There will be no dashing knight in shining armor coming to my rescue, and I never expected there would be. I find you can’t be disappointed when you have no expectations.”
Her feelings mirrored his own. “So, I guess that works to my advantage, if you have no expectations than surely I can’t disappoint.”
Not knowing how to respond, she just shrugged.
“So tell me what you do write, if it’s not romance or poetry like I imagine most females are inclined to do.”
“Goodness, you’re persistent!” It was his turn to shrug. She glanced over at Esther who had her eyes closed. Whether she was sleeping or just pretending Hope couldn’t tell, but either way she didn’t seem intent on the conversation going on around her. 
“It’s nothing exciting really, I just write stories of fantasy—faraway lands that are completely made-up in my own imagination, funny little creatures, like the grumpy gnome, who live in these worlds I create and have funny little misadventures.”
Her eyes had taken on a faraway look and Pierce could see how passionate she was about her writing, for it was the first time he had seen her truly interested in something and he briefly wondered what it would be like if she was as interested in him as she was her stories. He shook his head to dispel that thought, reminding himself that he didn’t care whether she was interested in him or not. “That sounds exciting. What inspired you to begin writing?”
Hope was amazed that he seemed genuinely interested. “It wasn’t anything that inspired me, it was actually a man I knew when I was younger. His name was Patrick, an Irishman that used to spend hours telling me stories of fairies that lived hidden in the meadows.  He would weave such fantastic tales I would just sit there enthralled listening to him for what seemed like hours. I suppose one day he grew tired of me asking him to relay the tales and he encouraged me to start creating my own. At first I wasn’t sure I could do it but with practice I realized I was surprisingly pretty good. I would just think of something in my mind and start creating a story based on that thing. It was a nice diversion from life and as I got older I began writing the stories down. It gives me something to do, something to preoccupy my mind.” 
Pierce narrowed his eyes as he looked at her quizzically, surprised that a lady of the ton would find other ways to preoccupy her mind other than with shopping, dancing, and finding ways to snag a beau. He was astounded by her depth and creativity and blurted out, “I would love to read some of your stories sometime.”
Hope laughed, “Oh, I don’t suppose I’ll allow that. I’ve never let another living soul read a word I’ve written. I’m really no expert, I just do it for my own entertainment.” Then to turn the attention from herself she asked, “Do you have any secret hobbies, your grace?”
He knew what she was trying to do and he decided he would allow her to change the subject, but he made a mental note of someday persuading her to let him read her writings, if only to squelch his curiosity. 
Leaning back in the seat he put his hands behind his head as he stretched once more. “I have many hobbies I’m just not certain how many I would consider secret, at least not any I would find appropriate to divulge to a member of the fairer sex.” His eyes twinkled with mischief. 
“I appreciate you keeping those sort of hobbies to yourself,” she sounded disgusted and he laughed, sure she was thinking of more sinister activities than he had been implying. 
He watched as she turned to look forlornly out the window, obviously trying to hint to him that the conversation was over. He, however, had other ideas.
Placing both feet firmly on the floor and straightening he said, “Oh I suppose it would only be fair if I divulged one of my secrets since you were so kind to share yours.”
“I never claimed my writing was secretive, I just didn’t want to speak of it.”
“Calm down my little minx, do you want to hear my startling secret or not?”
“Since you’re bursting at the seams to tell me, I suppose I should listen. Go ahead.” She was actually more curious than she was letting on but she wasn’t about to let him in on that fact. 
“I play the pianoforte.”
Hope raised one eyebrow skeptically, “Really?”
“Well not elaborately but I can plunk out a few songs passably.”
“I must admit I’m surprised, I’ve never met a man who played the pianoforte, much less gloated about it.”
“I am not gloating! And besides, I’ve never met a lady who wrote fantasy stories before, much less one who boasted about it.”
Hope inhaled sharply, “I was not boasting. You were the one who practically forced me to tell you about my writings when I had much preferred to keep them to myself.”
“And you were the one who pried about my secret hobbies. I could’ve told you something much more shocking you do realize.”
“I guess I should consider myself lucky that you didn’t, though I can’t imagine what would be more shocking than a man playing the pianoforte.” 
Just as Pierce was about to respond, Esther suddenly awoke and interjected, “Are we getting close your grace?” Hope highly suspected that she hadn’t really been sleeping and had feigned waking up to avoid the possibly scandalous response Pierce had been about to utter from escaping his lips. She would have to remember to thank the girl later. 
“Closer, though Ridgecrest Manor is still a ways off.”
“Oh, I wasn’t sure how long I had been asleep,” Esther answered lamely.
The rest of the way to Ridgecrest Manor, Hope had either pretended to sleep or actually slept, trying to avoid further conversation with the duke. Every time they spoke she ended up getting all riled up and she wasn’t exactly sure he didn’t do it on purpose. 
When the carriage finally pulled up in front of Ridgecrest Manor, Hope really was asleep. Esther nudged her causing her to jump and look around wildly, momentarily unsure of where she was. When her eyes settled on the duke she suddenly remembered where she was and what she was doing.
Pierce looked at her sleepy face and smiled, “Welcome to your future home Lady Noelle.”


Chapter 12

Hope watched as Pierce alighted from the carriage then turned to offer her his hand. She looked at it momentarily, entertaining the idea of ignoring his assistance and getting out herself but with her foot still hurting her she was afraid she’d just stumble and make a fool of herself in front of him and all the servants who were lined up along the drive in their maroon and gold livery. Reluctantly she took his hand and stiffened when she felt his other hand go to her waist, pulling her close to his side. She wasn’t sure what kind of game he was playing but she suspected he was doing it for the servants sake, not hers.
He led her over to the line of servants saying, “I’d like to introduce you to lady Noelle, my fiancée. I trust that you all will make her feel welcome, seeing as this will soon be her home.”
The mention of Ridgecrest Manor being her home made her look at it with new eyes. She looked up at the grey stone house boasting gabled windows and six chimneys. Everything was built symmetrically, with identical wings on either side of the main house and an even number of windows incased in white trim dotting the front of the house. Thick green ivy crawled up the front of the brick. It had a welcoming aura about it and Hope couldn’t wait to see if the inside was just as inviting.
After greeting the servants, Pierce ushered her into the large marbled foyer with high beamed ceilings. Everywhere she looked there was intricately carved woodwork that gave the home character. Pierce led her into the drawing room where a middle aged lady rose from her seat and flung herself into his arms, giving Hope a chance to take in her surroundings.
The room was decorated predominantly in shades of blue and ivory with gold accents throughout. It was by far the most elegant room Hope had ever been in and she felt at once out of place in such fancy surroundings. There was an oversized white marble fireplace on the far wall flanked by statues dipped in gold. White hothouse roses were stuffed into vases and scattered throughout the room, giving it a light and airy feel. After surveying the room, Hope’s gaze went to the woman at the duke’s side. She had dark hair like her son’s but hers was streaked liberally with grey, but instead of making her appear older it just added to her sophistication. She had a flawless complexion, the only thing giving away her age were the tiny lines around her mouth and in the corners of her eyes, indicating that she smiled often.
Soon the lady turned from Pierce and wrapped her arms around Hope, surprising her by the familiar contact. “It’s so nice to finally meet the lady who will become my daughter.”
Hope pulled back and said, “It’s nice to meet you as well, your grace.”
“First let’s dispense with the formality, call me mother or Caroline if you must, but never your grace. You’re practically family and that just won’t do.” 
Hope smiled at the lady, liking her immediately, if only she could say the same for her son.
“That goes for me as well,” Pierce interjected, “from now on you may refer to me by Christian name.” Hope nodded apprehensively, feeling discomfited by the prospect of referring to her betters in such a casual, personal manner. She had never before referred to a member of the aristocracy as anything other than their proper title and she wasn’t sure she was ready to start now.
“Let me ring for tea and we can talk about the upcoming party, I have some fascinating news.” Caroline gestured for Hope and Pierce to sit before giving instructions for tea and cakes to be brought to the room. 
Pierce took Hope’s arm in his and walked her politely to a blue damask settee and waited patiently while she sat. Hope wanted to roll her eyes, having much preferred to sit in one of the ivory and gold striped chairs instead, for she knew that Pierce had planned to sit next to her on the settee and she felt her hands grow clammy at the thought of his nearness. Sure enough, as soon as she had arranged her skirts and made herself comfortable, he sat down next to her, suffocating her with his presence but he didn’t seem to notice. 
Caroline went and sat regally in the chair Hope had been longing to occupy, “I have to tell you that I’m grateful for the opportunity your betrothal has given me to throw this party. It’s been far too long since we have had anything to celebrate around here.” Her eyes momentarily clouded with sadness before clearing once more. “I don’t want either of you to worry about anything other than enjoying yourselves and worrying about your own blossoming romance.” Hope choked on her tea and began coughing. Pierce reached over and swatted her on the back causing her to inhale sharply before she stopped coughing. She glared at him under thick sooty lashes but his eyes just seemed to dance with amusement. 
“Oh Pierce, I almost forgot, I had a lovely visit the other day from the Tolliver’s. You remember their oldest daughter Eliza, don’t you?” Pierce visibly stiffened next to Hope but Caroline didn’t seem to notice, “Anyhow, she’s recently been widowed and has come back to stay with her family in London for a time. She’s barely been in mourning for half a year but I persuaded her to attend our party.” It was Pierce’s turn to choke on his tea. He tried to hide his coughing behind a white linen napkin as his mother continued her prattle, “She’s much too beautiful and young to remain unmarried forever. I do hope this will be just the thing to help pull her out of her despair, for she did seem so very sad.” 
When Pierce couldn’t seem to get his coughing under control, Hope reached over and gave his broad back a hearty thwack. The shock on his face made her smile, feeling avenged for his uncomely behavior earlier.
Pierce didn’t know what had shocked him more, the very unwelcome announcement by his mother, or the very unladylike behavior of his fiancée. He figured it was just her way of paying him back for his earlier treatment of her but he was still surprised that she’d dare act so rashly. Who was this girl he was marrying? She wasn’t like any lady he’d ever encountered.
He was hoping his musings about Noelle would distract him from the irritation he felt at the mention of Eliza’s name. He hadn’t allowed himself to think about the girl for years and had honestly thought he would never have to face her once more. He tried to reign in the anger he felt towards his mother for extending such a ludicrous invitation, trying to remind himself that she had no knowledge of his previous relationship with Eliza Tolliver. 
Seeing the odd look on her son’s face, Caroline interjected, “Surely you don’t mind that I invited the girl? Is there a problem with that?” 
Pierce rose, “Of course not mother, you know that you have free reign to invite whomever you wish. Now, if you don’t mind I’m feeling fatigued from the trip here and wish to lie down for awhile before dinner. I’m sure Noelle feels the same so I’ll show her to her room.”
Hope didn’t want to contradict the duke, but she had spent the last few hours of the trip in deep slumber and had no desire for further rest. But seeing the tense set of his shoulders and the firmness of his jaw, she didn’t know if she dared say a word. Instead she set her teacup back in its saucer and rose to stand next to Pierce. 
“Some rest would be lovely. It was an honor to meet you Caroline,” the name rolled awkwardly off her tongue. “I look forward to furthering our acquaintance during my stay at Ridgecrest Manor.” Hope absentmindedly dipped into a low curtsey before turning towards Pierce. She didn’t bother looking at his face, missing the strange look he gave her at her subservient behavior. She allowed him to take her arm and place it in the crook of his elbow before guiding her swiftly out of the room. 
As soon as they had moved further down the long hall leading to the staircase, Hope pulled Pierce to a halt which was no easy feat seeing as how he was much larger than her. “What has come over you? Surely you’re not offended by my assistance while you were choking?”
“Nothing has come over me, I simply find I’m all of a sudden weary from today’s journey. Might I inquire what came over you, curtseying before my mother—what was that all about?”
Hope’s face paled, she hadn’t even been aware of her actions, so ingrained into her as they were. She desperately grasped for something to say to change the subject and place the attention back on him instead of her wayward actions. “Seems to me it was more than weariness that was suddenly bothering you. If I didn’t know better, I would guess that the unexpected knowledge that your mother has invited Eliza to the party is what has you all worked up.”
Her statement sufficiently worked to distract Pierce, causing him to bristle. “Don’t be preposterous, I hardly know the girl, it’s been ages since I’ve even seen her.”
“Let me guess, yours is a tale of unrequited love?” Hope said snidely. 
Pierce grabbed her arms painfully and pulled her further down the hall and into a small wooden alcove. He didn’t release his furious grip on her arms but leaned down so that his face was level with hers as he growled lowly, “Don’t speak of things you have no idea about, do you understand?”
It was clear to Hope by the level of emotion roused in Pierce that something about the lady was indeed bothering him and she suspected she had hit the nail right on the head. She stared at his hard mouth as he spoke, unable to look away.
Pierce was overcome with frustration and he knew it wasn’t fair to take it out on Noelle. He had thought that his dealings with Eliza were completely in the past and the thought of seeing someone he had once thought he loved and who had broken his trust completely in the emotion had him acting irrationally. He wasn’t prepared to see her again, especially now that she was widowed. He let go of one of Noelle’s arms long enough to reach up and rake a hand through his hair before placing it back on her arm. She had gone silent and was staring intently at his lips. Her clean lavender smell wafted up to him and he suddenly became aware that they were standing so closely. 
Pierce watched as Noelle licked her lips and it almost undid him. His eyes flicked up to hers and they stared at each other for one long moment. Suddenly Pierce’s senses were filled with Noelle, of her soft arms under his hands, of her wide amber eyes looking into his and he couldn’t seem to remember what he was doing, all thoughts of Eliza fleeing. The only thing he could think about was the kiss they had shared in her drawing room days earlier. 
Hope watched as Pierce’s face softened, the anger seeming to drain from his features being replaced with the same look he had given her before he had kissed her before.  She whispered shakily, “Are you going to kiss me?”
The sound of her voice seemed to snap him back to reality and he dropped his arms and took a step back from her, “Of course not, it’s the furthest thing from my mind,” he lied. Though in that moment he had desperately wanted to do just that, he had promised himself after her cool indifference to their last kiss that he wouldn’t kiss her again until she wanted it as badly as him. 
Turning from her abruptly, he missed the flicker of pain and confusion that passed through her eyes. She wasn’t sure what this game was he was playing but she knew in that moment that she ached for his kiss, for the feel of his hard mouth on hers and it scared her to death. 
“Let me show you to your room,” he said as he exited the cozy alcove.
“I’m not tired and if you don’t mind I think I’ll explore the gardens for awhile.” And without meeting his eyes she turned and fled down the hall, leaving Pierce to gape after her retreating form.


Chapter 13

Once out into the open air Hope slowed her pace, taking deep reassuring breathes in an effort to calm herself. She had never met someone who sparked so many conflicting emotions within her. One moment the duke would irritate her with his arrogance, the next he was tempting her and causing unnerving feelings to swell within her breast. The thought of him touching her, of him kissing her caused her skin to prickle with excitement. She had never known the touch of a man before and she tried to convince herself that these feelings would occur with any man she kissed, that they weren’t exclusive to Pierce. 
She kept walking further and further from the manor, not exactly sure where she was going but knowing that she would surely find the gardens  if she wandered around enough. She looked up as a grey clouds rolled in front of the sun, causing the temperature to drop. She crossed her arms in front of her chest, wishing she had a shawl or pelisse to cover her but not ready to go back to the house just yet to retrieve one.
She soon found herself on a stone path that wandered through a maze of trimmed shrubs that had been manicured into different elegant patterns. She nodded briefly at one of the gardeners that was busy trimming the bushes to perfection as she continued down the cobbled path. The air was ripe with the smells of the season and she inhaled deeply, enjoying the fresh country air as it helped to clear her mind. She tried to focus on the story she was writing, hoping to clear her mind completely of thoughts of Pierce. 
She noticed a cluster of trees off to her left and decided to go explore. Walking over to the trees she noticed it was actually two separate rows of trees, their branches growing together to form a canopy over a hidden trail. Feeling enchanted by the delightful discovery she pushed a low hanging branch back and bent over to walk into the fortress the trees had created. 
Hope looked up above her and noticed the ceiling of branches had almost completely blocked out the sky, leaving it shadowy but not dark. She walked over and touched one twisted tree trunk before continuing to explore. She felt as if she had stepped into a magical world all her own. She instantly thought that this hidden world would make a perfect addition to her stories. There were even little white button mushrooms dotting the path and she had visions of lovely little fairies lounging on the mushrooms as they gossiped amongst each other. Her mind began to create a world full of enchantment and she made a mental note to come back with some parchment and her quill so she could be surrounded by the magic as she wrote. 
Her thoughts were interrupted by the soft clanking on the branches above, indicating that it had begun to rain. Occasionally a drop would slip through the thick canopy, but she was surprisingly well sheltered in her hidden forest. She walked back over to where she had entered and peered out and saw that the rain was coming down in sheets. She contemplated making a dash back to the house but decided she’d be better off waiting out the storm in the protection of the trees. She retreated back into the clearing, looking around in the near darkness for a spot to sit. She had hoped to find some sort of fallen branch but when there appeared to be none, she decided to make herself comfortable on the dirt floor instead. 
She cringed as she sat down, knowing she was ruining one of her gowns but not seeing what other option she had. She leaned her back on the thick trunk of a tree and willed herself to think about her stories to avoid thinking about Pierce or her new life as Lady Noelle. It was her escape mechanism. 
***
Pierce stormed into his bedchamber angrily tugging at his cravat until it loosened, flicking it across the room to land on the floor in a snowy heap of white. He heard Tucker, his valet, come up behind him and knew without turning to see the expression on his face that it would be one of carefully masked irritation. Tucker worked hard to ensure that everything always looked neat and proper and everything was in its place so the disrespect of his cravat would surely irk the man enormously but Pierce didn’t care. He shrugged out of his jacket and before he had a chance to toss that as well, Tucker was at his side rescuing it from the same fate as his cravat.
“Thank you. I apologize for my behavior, would you like me to retrieve my cravat for you and hand it to you in a civilized manner?”
“It would probably do you good but you know I’d never require that of you.” Tucker said as he scurried over and bent to retrieve the cravat himself. 
Pierce walked over and poured himself a drink from the crystal decanter that was sitting on his sideboard before collapsing into a forest green winged back chair. He felt his head aching at the thought of how complicated his life had recently become. He let his thoughts wander to Eliza and her soft auburn curls and her piercing green eyes. Her skin was like porcelain, so pale and smooth. She had been the first and last girl he had fallen in love with, before he decided that love was just a fallacy. 
He closed his eyes and imagined what she had felt like in his arms when they had danced together, of the way she would smile up at him as if he was the only man in the room. He felt a twang of anxiety in his chest at the thought of seeing her again—what if those old feelings resurfaced, proving to further complicate his life? There had been a time when he had been anxious for a future, for a family with her. Her actions; however, had squelched those ideas completely. He never allowed himself to think in those terms anymore, everything he did now was out of duty and nothing more.
Placing his half drunken brandy back on the table he bent and yanked his boots off before turning the bed covers down on his large bed and crawling in hoping to be able to escape into sleep for a few hours before his mother would inevitably be calling him for dinner.  
Pierce lay on his back, looking up at the ceiling as sleep eluded him. His thoughts were churning and now instead of thinking of Eliza, he found his mind wandering to marvelous amber eyes and an insufferable little chit that surprised him from minute to minute with her outrageous behavior. One minute she’d act haughty, like she couldn’t be bothered by him and couldn’t possibly tolerate another minute in his company, other times she’d act totally out of character as a lady. He knew her mother had died in childbirth when she was born and tried to chalk up her sometimes unrefined behavior to the lack of proper motherly guidance but then he’d remember a number of Lady’s that grew up motherless who were still educated and cultured and knew that couldn’t be all to the story. 
Noelle was such a mix of contradictions, from the way she professed his kiss was merely pleasant trying to dismiss the whole ordeal completely after her body had reacted to his touch as if it was starving for the passion which ignited between them. One minute she’d be looking at him with raw desire in her startling eyes, the next she’d be insulting him and acting as if his very presence was repulsive. She was a mystery to him but he wasn’t sure he was ready to let his guard down around her, never quite sure what he might encounter from the beautiful minx. 
Thinking of Noelle, he glanced out the window and noticed the rain cascading down the panes in thick rivulets. He pulled himself out of the warm cocoon of his bed and went to glance through the window to see if she had by chance gotten caught out in the storm during her stroll through the gardens. The rain obliterated his view making it nearly impossible to make out a single thing. He desperately wanted to get back into bed and forget about the girl but something inside of him compelled him to go check and see that she made it safely into the dry shelter of the house. 
Pierce tucked his shirt into his breeches before pulling on his boots, forgetting about his jacket and cravat before heading out into the hall and down the staircase on his way towards the door. Before he reached the entryway, the large door was thrown open and in walked Noelle, drenched completely from head to toe. Her thick hair was pasted to her head as raindrops rolled from her face and down over her collarbone. Pierce tried to ignore the way her wet dress clung provocatively to her curves as he stared at her speechless. Even standing soaking wet in the doorway, completely disheveled, he found her more tempting and beautiful than the most well groomed woman he had ever seen. 
Hope looked up to see Pierce standing a few yards away staring at her, his hands clenched in tight fists at his side. It took everything in her to ignore the way his dark eyes bore into her, causing her already chilled skin to break out into goose pimples. Her attempts at ignoring him were futile, for she found it equally hard to look away from his striking appearance. His dark hair was ruffled; his black eyes were gleaming with a wicked glint, his jaw clenched fiercely. Her eyes widened when she realized he wasn’t wearing his jacket or cravat and that his shirt was partially undone, revealing a deep V of brown skin covered in a scattering of course, dark hair. For a brief moment she fantasized about laying her head on his chest and feeling that hair rub on her own smooth cheek before forcing herself to look away from his distracting chest and back at his face.
It was a mistake—the look she saw in his eyes frightened and excited her at the same time, he looked like he wanted to devour her. Laughing nervously she brushed some of the wet strands from her face, “Pardon my appearance your grace.” 
“Pierce. I thought we had dispensed with the formalities already.”
She only nodded, “Yes, well if you’d be so kind as to have somebody show me to my room then I can change into something more appropriate.”
His eyes raked her body once more, “I don’t mind your appearance at all. Don’t worry about changing on my account.”
“Ha! If you hadn’t noticed, there isn’t much I do based on your account, I simply insist on changing so I don’t catch a chill.” She folded her arms across her chest to try to gather a modicum of warmth into her body but Pierce mistook her actions for an attempt at modesty. 
“Come on, I’ll show you to your room.” He said reluctantly, not wanting to have to look away from the fetching picture she made. 
Hope dutifully followed him, purposely lingering a few paces behind so as to avoid further conversation. She couldn’t help but notice from her position the way the muscles moved in his strong legs as he walked and his broad back which tapered down to lean hips. He was a magnificently made man and she was irked that she responded physically to him. 
When Pierce came to a halt in front of a door Hope almost ran into the back of him, so distracted she was by watching his imposing figure move with a sense of grace and power. 
“Here you are, my room is two doors down if you need anything.”
“I’m sure anything I may need can be provided by one of the servants.”
He leaned close and growled, “There are things that I, as your fiancé, can only provide. Surely you wouldn’t go to one of the servants for this.” His voice trailed off as his large hands flanked the sides of her face pulling her to him and placing his lips on top of hers. He briefly had the thought that he had promised himself not to be the one to initiate their next kiss before the feel of her cool lips on his distracted him from further thinking, compelled only to react. He was momentarily shocked that she didn’t pull back and slap him but after only a few seconds she began responding to his ardent desire. 
Hope’s lips went from chilled to deliciously warm as Pierce’s lips moved expertly over her own and when he dropped his hands from her face to pull her into his hard body she shivered, but not from the cold gown that was clinging to her body. She instinctively reached her arms up and wrapped them around his neck, entwining her hands in the thick hair at the base of his neck. Pierce’s arms circled her waist, pulling her with him as he turned and leaned his back against the door to her room, enjoying the soft press of her much smaller body against his.
She surprised him by pulling back and pressing scorching kisses along his jaw before saying in a low gravelly voice, “You’re right, I don’t suppose I’ll be going to a servant for this.”
Pierce groaned and in a husky voice replied, “You better not. I’ll always be more than happy to accommodate your need.” 
“I’m sure you will.” Hope didn’t know what had gotten into her and why she was complying with the duke’s demands, all she knew was that the yearning in her own body compelled her on. She returned her mouth to his and tried to sate her appetite for him with another series of fervent kisses but when she pulled back she realized her appetite for him had barely been whetted. She leaned her head on his chest as she had fantasized about earlier and reached up to run her fingers softly over the smattering of dark hair on his chest.
“I don’t know what you’re doing to me, Pierce.”
He placed a large hand over her hand that was trailing circles on his chest, “It’s called passion, minx.”
She pulled back to look into his face, “Is that what this is between us?”
“Of course, and we should consider ourselves lucky that if nothing else at least our marriage will be a passionate one.”
“Is that all we can expect of this union?” Her warm amber eyes were searching his face for any sign of something more but all she saw was lust.
“Quite possibly, and we’d both be fools to expect otherwise.” His earlier warmth was replaced by a cool aloofness that bothered Hope as she watched and felt him withdraw both physically and emotionally from her. 
Straightening his shoulders he said, “Now hurry along and change, dinner will be served soon.” Hope watched as he turned on his heel and strode into his own room, shutting the door firmly behind him.


Chapter 14

By the time Hope had peeled the sopping dress off of her frame, Esther was pouring steaming buckets of water into the copper tub sitting in front of the fireplace. Hope looked longingly at the bath, grateful for the first time since this charade had started that she was the one that would soon be enjoying the relaxing warmth of the water instead of the one pouring the buckets. 
She quickly got into the tub, letting the warmth of the water distract her from Pierce and the unsettling feelings he roused in her. She felt foolish for giving into the passion that he sparked within her, knowing he gloated in the fact that she went weak under his expert caresses, as she was sure many women had done before her. She laid her head back against the edge of the tub and closed her eyes, resolving within herself to stop falling into the alluring trap of passion that the duke presented.
Hope hadn’t realized how exhausted she had become, it was all she could do to pull herself from the tub and allow Esther to help her dry off and comb her thick waves until they were nearly dry before the fire. By the time Esther was done, Hope could barely muster enough energy to even think about getting dressed and the thought of spending the evening with Pierce and Caroline drained the last of her reserves. Instead she made her way to her bed and curled up under the thick bed coverings, notifying Esther to inform the duke that she wouldn’t be dining with him tonight before falling into a dreamless sleep. 
The next thing she remembered was being awoken from her deep slumber by an incessant knocking at her door. She scurried out of bed, throwing a Chinese silk wrapper around her body before rushing to see who was at her door. She was surprised to see Pierce standing there looking casual in his tan breeches, white linen shirt and riding boots. 
Pierce drank in the sight of Noelle, all warm and cozy looking from sleep. “Good morning Noelle, I was worried when you didn’t come down for dinner last night that you had either taken ill or were purposely avoiding me. It appears you are well so I must conclude that it was the latter.”
“Must everything always be about you? I was simply too exhausted after such a tiring day that I retired early.” She explained, pulling her wrapper more securely around her body trying not to let her surprise that it was now morning show. She couldn’t believe she had slept so long.
Pierce laughed, “Someday you’ll admit that you want me as much as…”
Hope cut him off, “As what? As much as you want me? Well then your grace, someday is in fact today because I will indeed admit that I want you as much as you want me which is not saying much, we’ve already established that. Now if you don’t mind, I’d like some privacy to get ready for the day.”
Turning back to her room, Hope let the door shut on its own but before it could fully close, Pierce put one brown hand out and caught it. Much to Hope’s horror, he followed her into the privacy of her bedchamber. Turning on him wildly she exclaimed, “What are you doing? This is highly improper and I demand you leave at once!”
“It’s my house and I’ll do as I wish. Now calm yourself before your screeching alerts the entire household. I came to inform you that I will be touring part of the estate today and was wondering if you’d like to come along. I’ve asked cook to prepare a picnic for us.”
“Oh…that would be nice,” she stammered, caught off guard by his suggestion.
Seeing the relief on her face, Pierce couldn’t help but taunt her, “You didn’t think I had come here solely to ravish you, did you?”
The blush that crept up her neck and scattered across her high cheekbones gave her away though her words said otherwise, “Nonsense, now kindly leave so I can ready myself. I’ll be down shortly.”
Hope waited a couple of minutes after Pierce had left before calling for Esther, careful to make sure he wouldn’t return and burst into her room once more. Esther helped her change into one of Noelle’s dark blue riding habits before braiding her hair back and out of her face. When she reached the bottom of the stairs, Pierce was waiting for her. He reached for her hand, placing it in the crook of his elbow before guiding her out towards the stables. 
The day was young but the sun was already making its appearance in the sky, promising to be a nice, warm day. They strode in silence to the stables, both lost in their own thoughts. When a kind looking grey was offered to Hope she reached up and stroked the horse’s nose. Pierce came up behind her, placing both hands on her waist and gently lifted her into the sidesaddle. Hope marveled at the ease with which he hoisted her onto the horse then watched as he effortlessly saddled his own black stallion that looked as imposing as its master.
Hope purposely trailed a few paces behind Pierce, hoping he wouldn’t notice her slight awkwardness in the saddle, for riding was not something she had gained much experience in during her role as a lady’s maid. They passed many grey stone cottages that were placed sporadically through the countryside before Pierce pulled his reigns back, stopping Tristan and waiting for Hope to catch up. 
When she pulled her own horse up next to his he turned to her, “I spent many hours as a boy riding over every square inch of this estate. I know it like I know the back of my own hand but I never get sick of it.” Hope looked out at the miles of farmland being prepared for planting and harvesting and could understand why. “Whenever I feel weighed down by responsibilities I go for a long ride and remind myself why it is I do what I do.” 
Hope looked at him skeptically, “Oh? This reminds you of why you gamble, drink and womanize? I admit it is inspiring but I had no idea its beauty could provoke such rakish ways.”
Pierce glowered at her, “Your impossibly low opinion of me is flattering. Tell me, is it based solely off of rumor or is that what you’ve deducted for yourself in the short time we’ve been personally acquainted?”
“Your behavior has left some things to be desired that’s for sure,” she answered honestly but was surprised when a look of pain momentarily flashed in his eyes. In lieu of a response, Pierce kicked Tristan in the flanks and resumed galloping. 
Hope tried to ignore the impression that she may have misjudged him unfairly, instead she tried to focus on her surroundings as she followed closely behind. Hope watched Pierce’s broad shoulders in front of her, sensing the tension in the set of his back. She felt slightly guilty for being so hard on him and vowed to spend the rest of the day not being so defensive. The fresh air felt rejuvenating and she wanted to enjoy the day without anymore fighting or awkwardness between them so she vowed to hold her tongue and try to be pleasant. She could only hope that he’d try to do the same. 
Pierce’s thoughts were in a jumble. It bothered him that his own fiancée had such a low opinion of him. He wasn’t foolish enough to expect to fall in love with the girl but he had at least hoped that they could become friends of a sort but that was proving to be difficult. 
When they pulled to a halt in front of a cluster of small cottages, Pierce was once more by her side helping her down from her horse. “These here are some of my tenants,” he motioned towards the various people out working in the nearby fields, “and I thought since we are here I might introduce you to a few of them. I reckon they’ll be fairly happy and surprised that I have finally decided to take a wife.”
Looking up Hope saw a middle aged man brushing his hands on his trousers as he walked towards them. His thick hair was like straw, poking out in all directions completely unruly, but his blue eyes were kind and the smile he bestowed on her warmed her heart. He bowed before them before standing and saying, “Your grace, to what do we owe this honor?”
“Good day Derry, we were just out riding and enjoying this fine day,” then turning to Hope, “I’d like to introduce you to my fiancée, Derry this is Lady Noelle, Lady Noelle, this is Derry Fitzpatrick.”
Derry stuck out his hand, looking sheepish at the dirt that clung to his skin, “Congratulations milady and your grace, though I must apologize for my soiled hands.”
Hope thrust her hand into his outstretched one, not bothered in the least by a little dirt, “It would be silly to expect a farmer to have clean hands while in the midst of working and toiling with the earth, now wouldn’t it?”
Derry smiled up at the charming lady before planting a gentle kiss to the top of her hand before releasing it, liking the lady immensely. Pierce, for his part, looked nonplussed by her behavior, surprised that she would so expertly put his tenant at ease with her charm and her practicality. 
Before anything more could be said, they were distracted by a small blonde bundle of energy bursting forth from the cottage and coming to stand before Hope, pulling enthusiastically on her skirt, “Miss, miss, are you a real princess?”
Hope looked down into the angelic face of a girl who could be no older than five years of age. Chuckling she said, “I’m afraid to disappoint you, but no, I’m no princess.”
The girl made a moue, “But you’re beautiful just like I imagine a princess must be, and your gown is so fancy!”
Hope bent so she was at eye level with the girl, “What is your name child?”
“Hannah.”
“Well Hannah,” she reached out and gently tweaked the girl’s nose, “then surely you must be a princess for you’re the most beautiful child I’ve ever seen.”
The girl’s eyes lit up, “Really? Do you mean it?”
“I do.” Hannah reached up and put her chubby arms around Hope’s neck and Hope returned the hug. 
When the hug was complete, Hannah took Hope’s hand in her own, unwilling to part with her imagined princess. “Oh papa, can I show…” she turned wide eyes on Hope, “I don’t know you’re name!”
“You may call me, uh…Noelle, little one.”
“Princess Noelle?” she asked.
“Just plain Noelle will suffice, now what did you want to show me?”
“I’ve been helping mama tend to the rose bushes on the side of the cottage, would you like to see?” Finding the girl irresistible, Noelle glanced at Pierce long enough to make sure it was okay before being led off by Hannah to view her handiwork. 
Pierce watched the two saunter away, hand in hand and smiled. He really couldn’t blame the child for taking to Noelle, she was as beautiful as any princess he had ever imagined and had a way of putting people at ease. He walked with Derry out into the fields, asking questions about the upcoming crops that were going to be planted, taking his time inspecting and approving of their work. When he returned to the cottage to find Noelle he found her sitting in the grass with Hannah in her lap as she plated the girl’s hair into two long braids that reached halfway down her back. He slowed before approaching the pair, mesmerized by the sight of her with a child in her arms. Something tugged at his heartstrings and he watched Noelle with new eyes. She was so kind and loving, behaving as no ordinary lady would, holding a ragamuffin child in her arms and giving the girl some much desired attention. He watched as she reached up and removed a blue silk ribbon from her own hair to tie the girl’s braids off with. He imagined her holding their child in her arms and giving it the same love as she was bestowing upon Hannah. 
He went to her then, “Well my lovely princesses, I regret to inform you that it’s time we head out,” he reached down and took Hannah’s hand and pulled her to standing, “Thank you for taking care of my princess while I took care of business with your father, that’s a very important job you know?”
She looked at Pierce with a serious face, “Yes, your grace.” 
“Now run along and be a good little girl and mind your mother and father.” Hannah ran over and gave Hope one final hug before running off in the direction of the cottage. 
Pierce reached down and helped Noelle stand, watching as her own braid came undone, spilling over her shoulders and back. He couldn’t resist and reached one hand up and ran it through the thick waves. He couldn’t believe how silky it was.
Hope stared into his black eyes, “What a delightful girl.”
“Yes,” he murmured, never taking his own eyes away from hers. Hope had the feeling he wasn’t referring to Hannah and she took a step back, breaking their contact.
“Should we go have that picnic? I find I’m suddenly famished.” she admitted.
“Of course, I have the perfect spot in mind.” And with that he helped her onto her horse before mounting his own and galloping off in the direction which they had come.   
Hope was surprised when they arrived back at the stables and waited patiently while Pierce gave the stable boy instructions before reaching into his saddle bag and retrieving a bag, presumably their picnic luncheon. Pierce took her arm in his and started leading her back towards the main house.
“Are we to picnic at the house then?” Hope finally inquired, confused by his odd behavior.
“Not quite, I’m taking you somewhere I haven’t been in years.” Hope figured she’d just have to be patient and see for herself as it became clear that Pierce wasn’t going to say anything more.
She was stunned to see him leading her off past the maze of hedges before continuing on towards the cluster of trees that had been her solace the night before. When they reached the trees he dropped her hand to reach up and pull back the branches, indicating for her to enter before he followed shortly behind. 
Once inside, Pierce stretched to his full height and looked around, “Goodness, I haven’t been here in ages, I forgot how magical it is.”
Hope looked up into his face, “That’s exactly what I thought when I stumbled upon it yesterday.”
He looked at her incredulously, “You’ve been here?”
“Yes, I found it quite by accident while I was wandering the grounds yesterday. It started to rain while I was doing a little discovering and I tried to wait out the storm in the shelter of the trees before I decided if I did that I might be here forever. I had just come from here when you ran into me completely drenched.”
He smiled at her, “Have you seen all of it then?”
“All of it? I think so…” she looked around once more wondering what she could’ve missed the first time.
He surprised her by grabbing her hand and leading her towards the back of the clearing, “Come, I have something I want to show you.” By the time they got to the back wall of trees she was beginning to think him daft, certainly there was nothing more to see. Pierce turned to her and handed her the bag containing their picnic, “Hold this please,” then he squatted down and began poking and prodding amongst the branches as if he was looking for something specific. He must’ve found it because he looked up just then and smiled at her triumphantly and she couldn’t help but smile in return at his boyish enthusiasm.
Clearing a layer of branches that had been cleverly placed as a disguise then holding back the few remaining attached branches he turned to her and said, “I’ll take the picnic and you’ll have to bend over a bit to get in, do you think you can manage?”
“I’ll certainly try,” she exclaimed excitedly, pleasantly surprised by the prospect of an adventure. A few strands of her hair caught on the branches as she entered the hidden dwelling but once she was successfully in she looked around and gasped. She was standing in a perfectly circular room, made entirely of thick tree trunks, but unlike the space they just left, there was no tree branches blocking the sky, allowing the sun to beat down unfiltered. She looked around and noticed a rigged fort of some sort off to the side with a wooden top and what appeared to be a telescope sitting next to it, dirty and faded from being exposed to the elements for who knew how many years. 
She heard Pierce enter with a low grunt and turned towards him, “Was this your secret hideout as a child?”
“It was. Somehow I remembered it being much larger.” His large frame filled the space, almost making it feel uncomfortably tight but she tried to ignore his nearness.
“Well I’d venture to guess that you were much smaller then you are now so it probably did indeed seem much larger.”
“I used to spend hours here going on adventures in my imagination,” he gestured to the shoddy fort. “I built that with fallen branches I would collect…obviously I’m not much of a builder.” He smiled at the memories. “My only regret is that I never had anyone to share it with. I used to be so jealous of my friends who had siblings for in my mind it was the ideal solution to always have a built in friend. Being an only child could be quite lonely at times.”
Without thinking, Hope replied, “Tell me about it, I think that’s why I cultivated such an imagination.”
Pierce looked at her strangely, one dark eyebrow raised, “But what about Devon? Surely having an older brother provided some sort of company when you were children.”
Realizing her error, she made to recover quickly, “Oh you know how older brothers can be. To Devon I was mostly a bother and with our different interests and pursuits we hardly had time to spend with one another so I did spend quite a bit of time alone. I was just thinking that I could sort of relate,” she trailed off hoping that he would buy her explanation. 
“I suppose that could be the case with siblings, not that I have any experience with which to compare.”
Eager to change the subject, Hope gestured towards the bag he held and said, “Shall we eat? I know it’s not very ladylike of me to admit it, but I’m famished.” Just as she finished speaking, and much to her embarrassment, her stomach growled loudly causing her cheeks to burn and Pierce to laugh.
Thrusting the bag at her Pierce said, “By all means, do help yourself while I spread the…” running a hand nervously through his hair he continued, “seems in my haste I forgot to grab the blanket,” giving her a nervous smile he rushed on, “I suppose if you don’t mind waiting I could run back to the stables and grab the quilt I had packed.”
“Oh don’t be ridiculous, the ground will be perfectly fine. Besides, I’m not sure my stomach could handle the wait.” Pierce watched in surprise as she gracefully lowered herself to the dirty ground, careful to make sure her skirts were appropriately covering her as she sat. Having no other choice, he sat down next to her.
“Well, why don’t we see what cook packed and put your poor stomach to rest. I forget you didn’t come to dinner last night so you truly must be starving and with the way I rushed you out of the house this morning I doubt you got a bite to eat earlier either.” He suddenly felt guilty for being the cause of her missing not only one but two meals in less than a day, knowing that he was most likely the reason she had missed dinner the night before. 
He reached into the sack and pulled out cold chicken wrapped in a cloth, a small dish of salmagundi, two bright red apples, and biscuits. The fare, though simple, looked divine to Hope and she gladly took the proffered food thinking that cold chicken had never tasted so good. They sat eating silently for a time before Pierce reached in the bag and pulled out a bottle of wine but as he rummaged further he realized that cook had forgotten to pack glasses. 
Opening the bottle he handed it to Hope saying, “Apparently there are no glasses so we’ll have to drink straight from the bottle. You can go first.”
Hope eyed the bottle speculatively before deciding to throw caution to the wind—she was eating cold chicken while sitting on the dirt floor of a hidden childhood fort and suddenly drinking from a bottle of wine seemed like a perfectly acceptable thing to do. Grabbing the bottle from Pierce’s hand, she tried to ignore the tingle she felt at the slight brushing of their hands before she tilted her head back and drank deeply from the bottle. 
Pierce watched her lips press to the bottle as she drank and momentarily felt jealous realizing he wanted those lips pressed to his. Trying to distract himself he said, “You surprise me Noelle.” 
She looked at him sheepishly, “I apologize, I’m not quite sure what overcame me.”
He was looking at her with the same look he gave her right before he kissed her. His voice was low and husky, “Don’t ever apologize, I find you quite refreshing.”
Hope felt herself being drawn into him, watching his chiseled lips and hanging onto every word that escaped them. When she looked up into his dark eyes she noticed he was looking at her lips as well. She nervously licked them before shaking her head, trying to dispel the cloud of desire that was enshrouding her, determined not to give into him this time. 
It took every ounce of willpower that she possessed to pull back and look away, biting into her apple to dispel the mood. Though she was still chewing her bite of apple, she nervously said, “Thanks for today. It was nice, and thanks for sharing your fort with me.”
Though Noelle was clearly trying to distract him from his desire to kiss her, he found that her methods were no less distracting. Watching her lick her lips and bite into the luscious red peel of the apple about did him in, he couldn’t take his eyes off of her mouth. Though she did it all with a perfect innocence, it was almost more temptation than he could take. What he really wanted to do was to lay her back on the hard ground and kiss that perfectly plump mouth senseless but she had made it clear that she wouldn’t appreciate the overture. 
Instead he forced himself to listen to her talking and by some miracle he was able to respond, “I’ve never brought anyone here before, ever.”
She looked at him in surprise, her large amber eyes holding what he interpreted as and desperately hoped was delight, “Really? Then I am honored and will cherish this day forever.”
He smiled, knowing he would too, for it had been the first time in ages where he felt completely comfortable with a member of the fairer sex and instead of grasping for excuses to get away from her, he was hesitant for the day to end, scared that the lonesomeness that had plagued him so much of late would return full force, realizing for the first time how much Noelle’s presence in his life had almost cured him completely of that loneliness. Odd that. 


Chapter 15

Hope’s thoughts wandered to the enjoyable day she had spent with Pierce as Esther flitted around readying her for dinner. It was still odd for her to be catered to and pampered instead of being the one doing the catering, but it was refreshing to sit back and just have time to think. She was actually looking forward to dinner tonight, oddly excited at the prospect of seeing Pierce again. Today he had felt like something more than a confusing opponent in this odd game she had been forced into, he had actually felt more like a friend.
When Esther had placed the last pin in her hair and declared her ready, Hope leaned forward and rummaged through her jewelry box until she found the ruby necklace her mother had given her on their last visit. She quickly clasped it into place on her neck, feeling the heavy stone fall just below her collarbone. She quickly surveyed herself in the looking glass and was pleased by the results—she had never noticed before how pretty she actually was. Of course, she had always thought Noelle was beautiful but had never imagined she could look just like her!
Gathering herself after one final glance in the mirror, she left her bedchamber and headed anxiously to the dining room. As she entered the large room she noticed not one but two figures stand as she entered. Briefly her eyes flicked to Pierce before looking back at the stranger standing next to him. The man was not quite as tall or as broad as Pierce but he definitely had an imposing presence. He had dark hair and wicked good looks, though once again she found even his looks lacking in comparison to Pierce’s. When he looked into her eyes as he reached for her hand, she was surprised to see their striking contrast of pale blue against his tanned skin. 
He placed a soft kiss to her hand before saying, “Pleased to meet you Lady Noelle, I’m Lord Martineau, Pierce’s oldest and closest friend. Did I mention that I’m also his handsomest?” There was a twinkle in his eye as he spoke.
“Apparently his most conceited as well, but pleased to meet you nonetheless.” 
She was surprised when Pierce threw back his head and laughed. “Seems to me that she has you pegged, dear friend.” Lord Martineau just scowled before taking his seat. 
Pierce was at Hope’s side where he gently took her hand and placed it on his arm before walking her around to the other side of the long table to help her into her seat. “Well said, my little minx. Elliot’s ego can use some deflating once in awhile.”
Hope arched one perfectly shaped brow, “It’s no wonder you two are such good friends, it seems to me you have much in common.” 
He leaned in close to her ear as he pushed in her chair, “And you, miss, have a sharp tongue.”
She looked up at him, an innocent expression on her face, “I prefer to think of it as an honest one.” He just rolled his eyes and went back to his seat across the table from hers, feeling invigorated by their verbal sparring. 
Just as he had resumed sitting, his mother walked into the room and he was once more on his feet, but before he even had the chance to go escort her to her own seat, Elliot had whisked by him and had helped himself to the honors. 
“Ah, can I just tell you how lovely you are looking tonight, duchess?”
Caroline laughed and swatted Elliot’s arm, “Oh do stop flirting with me, Lord Martineau, I’m much too old for the likes of you.”
Elliot reared back, feigning shock, “Too old? Never. Too beautiful? That’s much closer to the truth.” 
Caroline reached up and patted his cheek as she chuckled, “You’re quite the flatterer, now why are you wasting those pretty words on an old lady like me when there are young ladies galore for you to charm in London?”
“That’s the crux of it—it’s much more fun and safe to flirt when you’re not concerned with said flirting being misconstrued as a marriage proposal.” He pulled out her chair and waited while she sat and made herself comfortable before going back to his own seat. 
“And why, might I ask, are the gentleman of the ton so afraid of marriage? First Pierce, and now you too Elliot? Is there some sort of epidemic sweeping London’s ballrooms?”
Hope couldn’t resist piping in, “Cowardice, perhaps?” She had only said it in jest, but she didn’t miss the look of pain that flashed in Elliot’s eyes before it disappeared just as quickly as it had come. Once again he was back to his casual bantering, as if he was hiding some secret pain behind his lightheartedness. 
He turned to her and said, “It appears that England’s two most beautiful women are out of my reach, so what’s a bachelor such as myself to do if I can’t have either of you?”
His mocking leer irritated her and she had the sudden desire to reach forward and strangle him with his perfectly tied cravat, suddenly annoyed by his incessant joking and though she had only known the man for a matter of minutes, he seemed as if he was hard pressed to take anything seriously. No wonder he couldn’t find a girl to marry. 
Luckily she was saved from answering by the footman who began serving dinner. She mostly ate in silence, observing the interactions of the people around her. It was apparent that they were all comfortable and familiar with one another and she enjoyed listening to them fill Caroline in on all the gossip that they had been privy to during the season.  Every now and then she would look up and find Pierce staring at her, causing her heart to speed up its cadence. Several times when she made eye contact with him and caught him looking, instead of him glancing away and pretending like he hadn’t been ogling her with his eyes, he would boldly stare back, not daring to break eye contact. Inevitably, Hope was always the one to look away, embarrassed by his audaciousness. 
When dinner was finally over, Hope rose, anticipating spending some time with Caroline while the men retired to the library for port. Pierce surprised her by putting one large hand on Elliot’s shoulder and saying, “If you don’t mind man, I’m going to forgo the port tonight. I had promised Noelle that I’d show her the pictures in the gallery and I know she must be getting tired after our long day so I don’t want to keep her waiting.”
Pictures in the gallery? It was the first Hope had heard anything of it, but the look he gave her silenced her and she waited, anxious to see what he was all about. 
Elliot gave Pierce a mischievous look, “It’s no disappointment to me; I think it’s no secret that I’d much prefer your mother’s company to yours anyway. Now run along little ones, the duchess and I have much to discuss.” 
Pierce escorted Hope out of the room, leading her up the wide staircase and up towards the gallery before either one of them spoke. Hope was surprised that Pierce allowed so much time to lapse in silence, knowing his previous dislike of it. This time she would have welcomed his conversation, for her curiosity was fully piqued and she was dying to know what he was up too. 
Pierce was surprised that Noelle didn’t badger him with endless questions regarding his actions the minute they were alone. He himself still wasn’t one hundred percent sure what had compelled him to do what he had done. He knew that he would face endless teasing from Elliot, but he’d deal with the consequences later. All he knew was that from the moment Noelle had set foot in the dining room, he had been hard pressed to take his eyes off of her. Though she was dressed in a simple white muslin dress with a dark blue ribbon tied just under her breasts, her golden hair shone brilliantly in the candlelight and her amber eyes mesmerized him. 
He knew that she could feel his hungry stare on her and the few times their eyes had met across the table, he couldn’t find it in him to look away even then. He still wanted to slug Elliot every time he thought of his audacity at ever labeling the girl as nondescript. Clearly Elliot was blind. 
They came to a stop in front of a large stone fireplace, the walls lined on each side of the gallery with large, guilt framed paintings of generations of dukes and duchesses gone by. His own father and mother’s painting hung proudly above the fireplace, displayed in a notable place of honor. He watched as Noelle looked around at the paintings before looking back at him, “Well they didn’t break the mold with you, you look like every other Duke of Kerrington that has ever had the privilege to grace this earth.”
Pierce chuckled, “I suppose there is some family resemblance.” 
Hope turned towards him and looked up into his smoldering eyes, “Is that why you were so eager to show me these paintings? So I could be assured that every generation of Chadwick’s is as handsome as the next?” 
Pierce felt the space between them electrify as she inched closer, “Are you saying you find me handsome?” 
“I suppose if you like tall, dark, snarling men than you would rank right up there.”
It was his turn to inch closer, “For your information, I haven’t snarled once today.”
She widened her eyes and gave him an impish look, “Oh, I’m very proud of you. I’d say such noble efforts deserve a reward.”
Pierce felt his pulse quicken and his blood warm, “Yes, I would agree. What do you have in mind?”
In that moment, looking up into his black eyes that danced with devils, Hope knew that more than anything she’d like to reward him with a kiss, but she wasn’t sure she’d have the nerve to deliver. 
Pierce watched for one long moment, holding his breath in anticipation. The minute she stood up on her toes and pressed a gentle kiss to his lips he felt a jolt in his midsection. As far as kisses go, it was perhaps the briefest and most chaste he had ever received but the fact that it had come from her and was given of her own free will did something incredible and completely foreign to every nerve in his entire body. 
Hope pulled back shyly, embarrassed by her actions and desperately hoped he didn’t think less of her for her forwardness. She couldn’t tell by the look on his face if he was pleased or not. 
After a few seconds he led her quietly to a chair and said, “Wait right here, I’ll be back in a minute.” 
Hope didn’t know what to think as she sat and fretted about what had just occurred between the two of them. She conjured up an image of him rushing into the nearest room to wipe the kiss she had bestowed on him from his lips in revulsion, the thought sending another wave of embarrassment washing over her. What if he had truly been repulsed by her kiss? She thought back to the other times they had kissed and he had never seemed disgusted, but this was the first time she had initiated it and he wasn’t the one leading off in their passionate interludes. 
Before she had any longer to fret about it, Pierce had returned carrying a rectangular velvet box in one hand. He reached down and lifted her to her feet with his free hand then held the box between them, “I wanted you to have this, it reminded me of your eyes. Or rather, your eyes reminded me of it and I knew it must be yours.”
He opened the latch and lifted the lid of the box to reveal an exquisite necklace composed of large faceted amber teardrop stones encased in gold, alternating with smaller sparkling round diamonds. Hope gasped and automatically reached one hand to her throat, clutching tightly the ruby necklace her mother had given her. 
Watching her actions, Pierce said, “This necklace is beautiful, but it doesn’t even begin to do your eyes justice.”
He reached to dispense of the ruby pendant when Hope squeaked, “It was my mother’s.” At least that part was true.
Pierce’s eyes showed understanding, “It’s sentimental I gather?”
Hope thought a moment before speaking, “It’s not that—I’ve just never worn anything so fancy, I’m not sure I could.”
“Nonsense, as Duchess of Kerrington you will have access to all the family jewels and will wear many pieces much finer than this. I thought every lady looked forward to the prospect of wearing such things.”
“If you haven’t noticed, I’m not like most ladies.” She looked into his eyes then, and for the first time since meeting him she was filled with an overwhelming desire, almost need to tell him the truth, to tell him who and what she really was, but she knew she couldn’t and even more importantly, that she wouldn’t. 
He smiled, “Oh, I’ve definitely taken note and must admit that I’m relieved to find out you’re not quite like all the rest of them.” Hope dropped her hands then and allowed him to reach back and remove the ruby pendant which she let fall into her hand while he put the much larger, more opulent necklace into place around her delicate throat. When the necklace was clasped, he bent down and placed a tender kiss on the back of her neck right above where the necklace closed before turning her around to face him. 
Pierce let his breath rush out of him, “Exquisite.”
Hope reached up and gingerly touched the heavy stones hanging around her neck. Pierce grabbed her hand and placed her palm against his lips where he pressed a scorching kiss that she felt pierce her straight in the heart. 
“I wasn’t talking about the necklace, I was talking about you.”
“Thank you,” she almost whispered. 
It took all of his remaining willpower to pull back when all he wanted to do was to sweep her into his arms and kiss her madly, never letting her leave his side. The strength of his emotions scared him, he wasn’t sure what he was feeling or what it meant and he suddenly felt a desire to be alone to sort out all of the unfamiliar sensations. His shoulders stiffened and his voice turned formal as he placed the hand he had just kissed in the crook of his arm and began leading her back to the wing where their bedchambers were located.
“It’s getting late and you’ve had a long day, I think you should get some sleep.”
Hope was surprised that he was suddenly acting formal and distant but tried not to read too much into it lest it cause her cheerful mood to fade. She allowed him to walk her to her door where he nodded slightly before murmuring a hasty goodbye and departing quickly as if he couldn’t wait to get rid of her.


Chapter 16

Hope rose the next morning with the feeling of excitement in her belly. Today was the official start of the house party and she knew that all morning various guests would be arriving to participate. Though she dreaded meeting various members of the aristocracy, some who would inevitably know Noelle, her excitement at seeing Pierce overrode those emotions and she was feeling hopefully optimistic about the future. As long as she tried to pretend that she truly was Lady Noelle and didn’t think about the fact that she was in reality a lowly servant by birth and someone the duke would never in a million years really tie himself too, she was happy. 
As Esther helped her into a lavender gown that had been one of her favorites on Noelle she reveled in the thought that she was dressing for Pierce, hoping that he would find her appearance pleasing. She even allowed Esther to pin in a few sprigs of lilac into her upswept curls before heading downstairs in search of Pierce. 
She couldn’t keep the smile from her face as she passed a number of servants scurrying about seeing to every last detail before company arrived. She walked into the breakfast room hoping to find him there but she was surprised to only see the servants clearing away dishes from the table indicating that he had already eaten. She wondered if he perhaps had already left on an early morning ride over the estate with Elliot. She slowed her pace as she resumed her search less diligently, feeling foolish at being so eager to see him when she didn’t have anything pressing to say, all she knew was that the prospect of seeing him had prompted her actions.  Her footsteps slowed as she neared the parlor, hearing voices inside and not sure she should intrude. Quietly she opened the door slightly, just enough to give her a glimpse of the figures standing in the room. One was unmistakably Pierce but the other was a girl she had never met. 
She took a minute to appraise the girl, noting that the stranger was standing exceptionally close to Pierce, closer than what was proper, and one hand was placed on his arm. The girl was beautiful, with thick auburn hair and alabaster skin. She was voluptuous yet graceful all at the same time. Hope held her breath and willed her heart to stop beating so loudly as she strained to hear what they were saying. 
She heard Pierce asking, “Do you Eliza?” and gasped, so this was Eliza? The girl who stirred so much negative emotion in Pierce just at the mention of her name? She listened with newfound interest and something akin to jealousy knotting in her stomach.
“Of course I do, Pierce. Why else would I be here so soon after Phillip died? You loved me once, is it so hard to believe you could again?” Hope waited in eager anticipation for Pierce’s response.
After a long silence Hope heard him say, “No, it’s not hard to believe…” followed by Eliza throwing herself into his arms. 
Hope pulled her hand back from the door as if it had been scorched, letting the heavy wooden door close with a soft bang. She felt hot tears form in her eyes as she scurried away as fast as she could, one hand covering her mouth to muffle her cries.
***
Pierce had just been finishing up breaking his fast when the butler came in and announced that he had a visitor waiting in the parlor. Not expecting guests to start arriving until early afternoon, he was curious to see who was there to see him. He gulped the last of his now cold tea before wiping his mouth with his napkin before heading to see who the mystery guest could be.
He walked into the parlor and saw a girl standing gazing out one window. He didn’t have to see her face to know who it was, he’d recognize that burnished red hair anywhere and his thoughts began racing wildly. There had been a time when he would’ve welcomed the sight of her, hoping and praying she would come to him and explain herself and her actions, apologizing for the hurt she had caused him, but now the sight of her was unwelcome and bordered on making him furious.
“Lady Norton, to what do I owe this visit?” He purposely called her by her married name as opposed to her Christian name, avoiding any sort of familiarity with her and keeping his voice cool. 
Eliza turned her green eyes on him and the first thing he thought was how dull they looked in comparison to Noelle’s sparkling amber eyes that he could gaze into forever.  A slow smile spread across her face, she didn’t look at all as he expected a woman mourning her husband should look. “Pierce, it’s been so long but you look just as splendid as ever.” She stepped close, reaching one hand out to grasp his arm but Pierce just shrugged it off. 
“I appreciate the compliment, but why are you here?”
“I’m here as an invited guest, your mother issued the invitation. Is this any way to treat a guest,” her voice turned low and sultry, “or former lover?” Her hand was once more on his arm.
He let out a sardonic laugh, “We were never lovers, thank goodness. I was lucky enough to see the true side of you before I was foolish enough to offer for your hand. You didn’t seem to care about my feelings back then; I can’t imagine you care now.” Her expression looked hurt but Pierce didn’t care. He’d suffered enough hurt at her greedy hands years ago and wasn’t at all sympathetic to her feelings now. When she didn’t say anything he said, “Do you Eliza?”
“Of course I do, Pierce. Why else would I be here so soon after Phillip died? You loved me once, is it so hard to believe that you could again?”
Pierce closed his eyes to formulate his response. So this was the real reason she was here now, now that she was a widow she thought to resume what she had started with him when they were young, hoping to catch the biggest title and the most wealth. But he wasn’t the same naive, love struck boy as he was then and he wasn’t as intrigued by her beauty as he had been then either. 
“No, it’s not hard to believe…” he was cut off by Eliza throwing herself into his arms, clinging to him desperately as if he had just offered her the world. They were both startled by the soft thud of the door closing and both looked to see who was there. When it appeared that no one was present, Pierce took the opportunity to force her away from him, holding her out at arm’s length.
“Like I was saying—no it’s not hard to believe I could love you again, it’s impossible.”
Her eyes widened in anger, her mouth forming a large O.  “What to do you mean? You’re not married are you? Even if you are I wouldn’t mind, there could still be a place for me in your life.”
Disgusted, Pierce turned and walked away from her, not wanting to look into her face for another second. For what seemed like the millionth time he silently prayed and gave thanks that he had found out her true motives before it was too late. He agitatedly poured himself a measure of brandy, downing it all in one gulp before turning to her once more.
Eliza was now sitting on the striped wing backed chair, eyeing him curiously. “Don’t tell me you’ve all of a sudden acquired high moral standards and that dallying with me behind your wife’s back would appall you. I’ve heard the rumors about you like everyone else has.”
“They’re called rumors for a reason, and I wouldn’t dally with you behind my wife’s back because I don’t have a wife, at least not yet. I’m betrothed to Lady Noelle Parrish and we’re announcing our engagement at the ball tomorrow night.”
“I fail to see how any of this is relevant to you and I.” she artfully arranged her yellow muslin skirts, looking as if she hadn’t a care in the world, “Unless you are in love with the girl, is that it? Are you so in love with your fiancée that the thought of being with me repulses you?” 
Pierce was silent, thinking about her accusations. Was he in love with Noelle? That was absurd, he didn’t believe in love and he hardly even knew the chit, but then why did it feel wrong to tell Eliza that, like some sort of betrayal? 
Instead he said, “This is all like some bad joke. You’d do well to forget this conversation ever took place, heaven knows I’m going to try.” And with that he left, leaving Eliza even more determined than ever to get him back in her grasp.
***
Hope kept herself occupied in her room most of the day, hoping to avoid the other guests that had begun to arrive and Pierce for as long as possible. She was mad at herself for allowing even a moment of hopefulness. She had been a fool to believe that Pierce was a decent man and that she could ever be more to him than a convenient wife to provide him with his much coveted heir and respectability amongst the ton. If there was any way that she could honorably back out of the engagement she would. In her head she kept cursing herself over and over for ever agreeing to be a pawn in Noelle’s game. In hindsight she wished that she had been brave enough to tell her no and return and live with her mother in Shepard’s Bush. So what if she would never have been able to gain another respectable lady’s maid position, at least she wouldn’t be forced to marry a man she was in love with who just so happened to be in love with another woman. 
And that was the crux of the matter—she had fallen in love with the arrogant Duke of Kerrington. She bolted into an upright position in her bed, shocking even herself with the realization that she had allowed her heart to fall in love with Pierce. How could that have happened? The realization made her angry all over again. She was so foolish. Just when she began another endless round of chastising herself, Esther entered the room.
“Milady, it’s time to get ready for afternoon tea on the veranda. I’ve been told that most of the guests have arrived and the duchess is eager to introduce you to them.”
The last thing Hope wanted to do was socialize and put on a happy face, but at least the men were out riding and she wouldn’t have to face Pierce until dinner. “Very well Esther, why don’t you straighten my hair up for me then I’ll go down.”
Esther eyed her skeptically, “You can’t mean to go down in that dress, milady, it’s all wrinkled.” 
Hope looked down at her skirts and sure enough, they were crumpled beyond repair, “I suppose I ought to change then.” It all seemed like more work than it was worth but she didn’t want to embarrass the duchess by looking anything but proper. 
Esther eyed her mistress suspiciously, not sure what had occurred to alter her mood so drastically since she had readied her this morning—then she had been excited and eager and now she looked sullen and morose. Esther didn’t dare inquire and instead quickly set about her task of getting her ready for tea. She chose a pink dress sprigged with blue flowers with a high waist. The bodice and sleeves were lined with delicate ivory lace, a perfectly feminine dress for afternoon tea. She topped it off with a chip straw bonnet with a cluster of pink roses and blue ribbons on the side. When the despondent Noelle was dressed she looked quite fetching, if only she’d smile and bring the sparkle back to her unique eyes. 
Hope reluctantly made her way to the veranda, spotting Caroline and making a quick dash to her side. She was anxious to avoid running into anyone who might know the real Lady Noelle. She knew it was inevitable but she wasn’t quite sure yet how she’d deal with the encounter. Maybe if she kept her conversation vague and brief she could avoid any awkwardness.
Caroline reached for her and gave her a quick hug, “My darling, you look fetching, such a beauty. My son is lucky to have found himself such a beautiful wife.” Hope felt her cheeks go red. “Now, the official engagement announcement hasn’t been made until tomorrow’s ball so we’ll have to keep it a secret for one more day, do you think you can manage?” 
She nodded, if the duchess only knew how good she was at keeping secrets. Just then an older lady walked up with two of her daughters in tow. She was plump and her yellow gown did nothing for her sallow complexion, but neither did her pinched expression, which was even more unbecoming. 
“Lady Tolliver! I’m so delighted you and your daughters could make it.” Caroline exclaimed. 
Hope looked at her daughters just then, the first daughter being plump like her mother with plain features and a large, straight nose. She turned to the other daughter and thought she would be sick. Standing on her mother’s left was Eliza. Hope noticed she had changed into a bottle green dress that went well with her coloring and complexion. It was apparent that Eliza was the lucky one in the family and had acquired all of the good looks. She was even more striking up close and with the sunshine gleaming off of her auburn tresses. 
Caroline introduced her then, “Lady Tolliver, this is Lady Noelle Parrish, Lord Brattondale’s daughter. Noelle, Lady Tolliver is one of our neighbors. This is her daughter Alice.” She motioned towards the plain daughter with her fan before gesturing towards Eliza, “and this is Eliza, the recently widowed Lady Norton.”
Hope had to consciously remind herself not to drop into a curtsey as was her natural inclination. Instead she forced what she knew was a painful smile on her face and murmured, “Pleased to meet you.” She couldn’t miss the look of disdain Eliza gave her and she wondered if she somehow knew that she was betrothed to her beloved Pierce. 
Luckily Lady Tolliver and her daughters saw some other people they knew and took their leave fairly quickly. Hope didn’t know how much longer she could’ve stood being in Eliza’s presence. 
As they left, Caroline placed one gloved hand on her arm, “Are you okay Noelle, you look rather pale, is it the heat? It is particularly warm today.”
“As a matter of fact, I am feeling ill. Hopefully it’s just the heat for I’d hate to take ill and have to spend the remainder of the party in bed.” Though she spoke the words, she actually realized that she liked the idea of being able to stay up in her bedchamber until the party was over, avoiding both Eliza and Pierce. She mulled the idea around in her head of faking sick so that she could get out of it.
“Oh no, wouldn’t that be horrid if you had to miss your own engagement ball?”
“Truly.” She hoped Caroline didn’t pick up on her facetiousness.
“Well I insist you go rest. I would hate for you to miss anymore of the party than you have too. Maybe if you get out of the sun for awhile and take it easy you will feel well enough to come to dinner tonight.”
“Are you sure you wouldn’t mind? This is such a lovely tea and I know how much work you have put into it.”
“Darling, I care about your health more than all of this,” she gestured to their surroundings with one gloved hand.
“Thank you. Hopefully I’ll see you at dinner.” And with that, Hope turned and left the gathering, certain that she was going to be ill and not sure if she could make herself endure the rest of the weekend.


Chapter 17

Tucker had just helped tie a fresh cravat around Pierce’s neck before helping him slip into his black tailcoat. As always, he looked immaculate before stepping out of his room. He had been worried about Noelle ever since his mother had informed him that she had taken ill at the beginning of tea that afternoon and had wanted to check on her more than once since then but something had always detained him. He scowled as he thought of one of those impediments—Eliza had found him on his way back to his room after their ride that afternoon. She had pressed herself against him, trailing circles over his arm as she looked at him demurely through lowered lashes. He knew she was trying to play coy but he could see right through her. Beneath her mock innocence lay a conniving woman and he knew that there was no way he was going to fall into her trap again. He felt foolish for ever having done so in the first place. 
He had tried to dismiss her and escape to his room to freshen up and change but she moved to block him. He had finally had to physically move her out of his way before he could escape her presence. He dreaded another draining encounter with her, not sure why she couldn’t get it through her head that he wasn’t interested. 
That’s probably why he was anticipating seeing Noelle so badly, with her things had become comfortable, she never made him feel smothered or trapped. And he delighted in her easy going nature and their badinage. He reached her room and knocked sharply on the door. A few seconds later the door flew open revealing an enchanting Noelle. She was dressed in a silk sage green dress, her hair arranged in a Grecian knot on top of her head with a few loose tendrils curling around her face. Pierce glanced down at her throat and was disappointed to realize she wasn’t wearing the necklace he had given her, but maybe she was saving it to wear to the ball tomorrow night.  He instinctively reached for her but before he could so much as touch her she had taken a step out into the hall.
When he reached for her hand she recoiled, “It’s not necessary your grace, no one is here to see so there’s no need to pretend.” He looked at her confused but she just started walking without him. 
He rushed to catch up, grabbing the bare part of her arm just above her glove and pulling her to a halt. She looked down at his hand as if she were disgusted, “What is the meaning of this?”
“That’s what I’m wondering. Why all of the sudden are you eager to be out of my presence?”
“It’s not a recent development. If you recall correctly, I’ve never been eager to be in your presence. Remember I was forced into this with no choice in the matter, or have you forgotten?”
“What about yesterday? You seemed to enjoy my presence then, or am I just imagining that?”
“Perhaps it was a momentary lapse in my judgment, I’ll take care to be more careful in the future.” She turned from him and began walking briskly down the hall. He caught up to her as she had started to descend the staircase. 
Pressing his body to hers he pinned her against the banister, not knowing how else he was going detain her before he got to the bottom of her odd behavior.
“Unhand me you oaf!” 
“No, not until you tell me why you are being so short with me tonight. Last time we were together you were a completely different person.” He reached up and ran his long fingers down her neck causing her skin to tingle. She hated the way her body betrayed her at his touch but he was so much larger and stronger than her that she couldn’t pull away. 
He ran his fingers from her throat down to her collarbone then traced small circles down her arm, stopping and concentrating on the spot of bare skin above her glove. “Tell me you aren’t enjoying this.”
“I’m not enjoying this,” she said flatly but he knew she was lying by the look in her eyes, the same look she always had when he evoked passion in her. 
She looked straight at his chest so as to avoid his smoldering gaze, “Why are you doing this to me?”
His fingers stilled. He honestly didn’t know why he did anything in regards to her just that he did what felt natural and being with her and touching her felt as natural to him as breathing but he wasn’t going to tell her that. Instead he pulled back, “I don’t know. Let’s go, I’m sure they’re waiting for us.”
Hope reluctantly allowed him to take her arm, disappointed that he hadn’t said more, that he couldn’t admit to feeling some sort of connection between the two of them. But of course he wouldn’t when he was in love with Eliza. Her heart hurt and she wondered if the pain would ever go away or if her life with him would be a constant reminder of how she could never have all of him, that she would always share him with someone else. 
She tried to force a smile to her lips as she entered the dining room, the long table almost completely filled with guests. She found it easier to smile once she caught a glimpse of Eliza eyeing them with disdain. She might not have Pierce’s heart but she would be his wife and have his name and that was something that Eliza would never have. That thought at least helped to cheer her slightly. 
Pierce sat her down between Elliot and an older gentleman she had yet to be introduced to before going and sitting across from her between Eliza and her sister Alice. Eliza leaned over and placed a hand on Pierce’s arm and whispered something in his ear before laughing flirtatiously. Hope couldn’t stand to watch them together, to see her touching Pierce. She briefly allowed herself to think of him kissing Eliza the way he had kissed her and her stomach churned, the thought making her ill. 
To distract herself from the bothersome scene she turned to Elliot, “Good evening Lord Martineau, might I say that you are looking exceptionally handsome tonight?” And she wasn’t lying, Elliot looked perfectly rakish in his silver waistcoat and black jacket, his hair slightly longer then what was fashionable and his eyes as blue as a clear summer sky. 
“Of course milady, as long as I’m allowed to return the compliment. You are looking good enough to eat; maybe we should skip dinner and just feast on you!” Hope couldn’t help the laughter that escaped her throat at his ridiculous remark. She knew by the way that he had delivered said compliment that he was teasing as always, but though it had annoyed her yesterday, tonight she found his antics to be the perfect antidote to distract her from Pierce and Eliza. 
Across the table Pierce watched Noelle laugh at something Elliot had said and he had the strong desire to slug him. He felt annoyed that she was laughing with him and enjoying his company when she had made it clear earlier that she couldn’t stand his. He watched as Noelle leaned in closer to Elliot and said something that made him laugh in return. They seemed to be getting along much better than they had yesterday and it annoyed Pierce to no end. 
As the dinner progressed his mood grew darker. Noelle hadn’t glanced his direction once the entire evening, being completely wrapped up in Elliot who was performing animatedly for his rapt audience of one. Instead he had to listen to endless chatter from Eliza and her even more boring sister Alice. Eliza took every opportunity she could to brush up against Pierce. He would feel her legs pressing to his thighs under the table or she would casually rub one of her bare shoulders up against him as she would lean in to tell him something. Truthfully he hadn’t heard a word she had said all night and each time she made physical contact with him he felt his skin crawl. It was hard for him to believe that there had ever been a time when he had craved her affections.
 At one time when she had placed her hand on top of his while laughing obnoxiously at some story she was relating, he reached over and placed his other hand on top of hers with the intent of removing it from his person.  Before he had a chance to move it Noelle looked over, her eyes widening at the sight of his hand on top of Eliza’s and she quickly looked away. Perfect, he thought as he removed her hand from his and sat back and folded his arms across his chest. 
He had no idea that Noelle had been introduced to Eliza until she turned to make conversation with his side of the table for the first time the entire meal by saying, “So tell me Lady Norton, how do you and the duke know each other? You seem quite comfortable together.” 
Pierce’s face blanched as Eliza flashed a dazzling, if insincere smile. “Mine and Pierce’s relationship goes way back to when we were both children, doesn’t it darling?” Before he could answer she continued, “With our family’s estates bordering each other, we were practically raised together. Pierce had such a boyish crush on me, didn’t you darling?” Of course she didn’t let Pierce answer before she was babbling on once more, “It was only natural that as we got older that we would fall in love.” She turned doe eyes on him then and Hope was sorry she asked.
Pierce spoke then, “Darling,” he ground out acidly, “would you like me to tell them how the story ends?” He took delight in the putrid shade of green her face went, knowing that revealing her true character had not been part of her plan.
It didn’t take long, however, for her to gather her whit’s about her and remark coyly, “I wouldn’t be so quick to divulge the ending of our story yet, I didn’t think it had been written.”
Hope rose to her feet suddenly causing her chair to scratch loudly across the floor as the entire table turned to look at her with curious expressions. She turned to Elliot and said, “It’s feeling quite oppressive in here, would you mind strolling with me through the gardens so I can get some fresh air?”
“Of course, my lady, I’d be delighted.” He rose and took her arm, placing it into the crook of his elbow as he led her out of the dining room and into the black inky night.
As soon as they were out of sight, Hope dropped her hand from his arm and groaned, looking up at the stars that were sparkling like the diamonds and jewels that graced the lady’s necks inside. She was so frustrated that she felt like screaming, and had she been alone she just might have.  Elliot sat on a marble bench, his forearms resting on his thighs and watched her with humor in his eyes. 
When Hope no longer had the desire to scream, she went and perched on the bench next to him and said, “I can’t stand Lady Norton, or your lovely friend Pierce for that matter.” Her chin jutted out defiantly as she crossed her arms across her chest.
Elliot laughed, thinking she looked like a child pouting. “I don’t care much for Lady Norton myself, but Pierce isn’t so bad a fellow. Besides the fact that he’s much more arrogant and better looking than myself.”
“You’ve got that right.”
Elliot looked wounded, “You admit that he’s better looking than I?”
Color suffused Hope’s cheeks as she stammered, “Don’t put words into my mouth.”
“I didn’t have too.” He looked at her shrewdly, “Tell me you haven’t fallen in love with Pierce, have you?”
Hope looked away, embarrassed that he’d see the truth etched on her face. “I’m not that great of a fool. Besides, what would it do for me to fall in love with a man who is in love with someone else?”
Elliot was taken back, “Surely you aren’t implying that Pierce is in love with Eliza? That’s preposterous!”
“Is it?”
“Of course! He was in love with her once but that was a long time ago and believe me, he would never be stupid enough to fall in love with her again.”
For one brief moment her heart lightened before his next words sent it crashing into her stomach once more, “For that matter, he would never be stupid enough to fall in love with any girl ever again, he learned his lesson well the first time.” 
“That’s horrible.”
Elliot gave her one long assessing look before asking, “Is it? For whom? Him or you.”


Chapter 18

Hope was agitated the entire next day. When she wasn’t fretting about the upcoming ball that evening and the dancing that she would be required to do, she was busy trying not to think of Pierce and the unsettling feelings she had for him. The day drug on in endless monotony; while the men gallivanted around participating in such endeavors as archery, shooting, and riding; the women found their entertainment in what Hope found to be extremely dull and tedious pastimes—embroidery and gossiping. She had no idea who lady such and such with the dreadfully long teeth was, nor lady so and so who had a penchant for slurping when she took her tea, so she sat back and daydreamed about her writings that she had been severely neglecting since arriving at Ridgecrest Manor to dull the boredom. 
She was relieved when it was announced that it was time to begin preparations for the ball. She was also greatly relieved to have gone the whole day without a single glimpse of Pierce. She knew tonight she would have to fake like she enjoyed his company, or at least tolerated it, long enough for the engagement to be announced and the congratulations given. She wondered to herself how long she would have to be there before she could politely make her excuses and leave. She hoped that she would find some way to be able to escape the ball early.
The dress she was to wear to the ball was exquisite; its ivory skirts were overlaid with gold silk, the bodice and sleeves being made of the same shimmering gold silk as well. It hugged her every curve just as if it had been made for her not Noelle. She knew immediately when she had chosen to wear it that the amber necklace Pierce had given her would match it perfectly. She had a strong desire to wear the gift, knowing it would complete her ensemble, but her pride prevented her from putting it on. The last thing she wanted to do was give him the pleasure. Instead she opted for the simple ruby pendant of her mother’s, hoping it would prove her point.
And indeed, it did just that. When Pierce arrived at her door to pick her up the first thing he did was look down at the offending necklace and snarled, “Why in the heavens are you wearing that?”
“You don’t like my dress?” Hope asked innocently.
“It’s not that, your dress is beautiful. Why aren’t you wearing the necklace I gave you? It would go perfectly with that gown.”
She reached up and clasped the ruby in her hand, “I suppose I just thought this would look better.”
“Perhaps you are just trying to incense me,” he pointed out. 
“Why would my choice of jewelry cause you any concern?”
“It’s not your jewelry that concerns me, it’s your attitude. Now hurry up and go put my necklace on. We mustn’t keep everyone waiting.”
“I’m perfectly capable of deciding what jewelry I would like to wear.”
He turned her around and lightly tapped her on the rear end, shocking her. She turned to him and gasped, “Are you always so controlling?”
“Are you always so uncontrollable?”
“I think, your grace, that you’re the only one who has a hard time managing me. Maybe you should rethink this arrangement.”
“Not on your life, now be quick.” 
By the time Hope returned, the sparkling amber teardrop necklace in place on her delicate throat, Pierce was anxious to put their fight behind them and to enjoy the evening. He could hardly wait to hold her in his arms, to dance with her as he looked into her captivating eyes that so perfectly matched the stones hanging from her throat. 
But he should’ve known the little hellcat would endeavor to make the evening anything but enjoyable. The minute she stepped into the ballroom, all heads turned to stare. He noticed the look of interest that crossed many gentlemen’s faces, and he couldn’t say he blamed them—Noelle was by far the most beautiful girl in attendance. He watched as her eyes widened with wonder as she took in the elegant scene before her. 
This was the first ball Hope had ever attended and she was fascinated by the sight of so many beautifully dressed people amid such beautiful surroundings. She stood in the entrance to the grand ballroom and took it all in; from its walls hung with shimmering oriental fabric in red and gold, to the ornate wood columns and the decorative plaster on the ceiling. That combined with the soft glow from the candles created an almost magical ambience. 
Pierce watched her in awe, her excitement surprising and delighting him. Surely she had attended many balls and should’ve grown bored of such opulence by now, but with her it was as if she was seeing the world for the first time and taking it all in. And he soon noticed that he wasn’t the only one charmed by her. 
Lord Terrance had edged his way to where they were standing and bowed slightly before her, “It is with great honor that I stand before you, milady. May I request this next dance?”
Hope looked at him apprehensively before agreeing, allowing him to take her hand and lead her onto the floor. Pierce watched the couple in shock, he had intended to claim her for the first dance and was incensed that the puny Lord Terrance had beat him to the punch.
He sulkily watched the pair perform a country dance and noticed that Noelle wasn’t the most graceful dancer, though her beauty distracted anyone from noticing. He briefly wondered if her ankle was still giving her problems and made a mental note to ask her when they danced. 
It was with increasing alarm and annoyance that Pierce watched one man after another seek her hand in a dance. He quickly joined in the dancing, hoping to distract himself from the unfamiliar twinges of jealousy that were ever present in his chest. He had just finished dancing with Lady Smythe when he noticed Elliot step forward to claim Noelle for the next set. He quickly and impolitely turned from Lady Smythe and stormed over to Elliot and Noelle, tapping Elliot forcefully on the shoulder.
“Pardon me, but I believe this dance is mine.”
“Oh really, is your name on her card?” Elliot asked as he reached to see for himself.
“Well yours certainly isn’t so I suggest you leave so I can dance with my fiancée.” Elliot looked at the pair shrewdly before bowing slightly and slowly retreating.
Hope turned wide eyes on him as he pulled her almost forcefully into his strong arms as the musicians struck up a waltz. “That was hardly necessary, Pierce.”
“At least you’re back to calling me by my given name.”
“That’s beside the point. The point is that you are intruding on the dance I should be enjoying with Lord Martineau.”
His powerful arms drew her closer, smashing her chest against his hard one. “Would you rather he be holding you like this right now?”
“You’re insufferable, and rude, and arrogant.”
“And you have a gift for flattery. Now stop talking and just dance.”
Hope reluctantly did as she was told, but only because if she didn’t concentrate she would inevitably trip and make a fool of herself. She tried to focus on counting out the rhythm of the waltz to avoid the overwhelming sensation of being held so tightly in Pierce’s arms. His masculine scent surrounded her, reminding her of what it felt like to kiss him, to taste him. She felt herself growing hot at the thought.
“Are you okay?”
“What do you mean?” She barely managed to stammer, tripping slightly on his foot in the process.
“You seem to be struggling with the dance and I was just wondering if your foot was still bothering you.”
Hope was grateful for the excuse, though her foot had long ago ceased bothering her she quipped, “Yes it is bothering me, but not as much as my partner. Maybe I should sit out the remainder of this dance.”
Pierce waltzed her in the direction of a far balcony where the doors were pushed wide open allowing a cool breeze to filter into the ballroom. He smoothly danced her out onto the balcony and into one dark corner before stopping, though his arms never let her go.
“What is this about?” She asked, looking up into his handsome face that looked almost frightful in the moonlight, the shadows dancing on his face making his eyes appear even more wicked. 
Without saying another word, Pierce dipped his head and placed his hard lips on hers. She fought him at first, refusing to open her mouth to his but it wasn’t long before the feelings she had been fighting for so long resurfaced and before she knew it she was kissing him back with abandon. She reached up and placed her arms around his broad shoulders, toying with the dark hair at the base of his neck. His hands were on her neck, cupping her face as he ravenously kissed her with a passion and desperation that was foreign to even him. He felt a lock of her silky hair break free from her pins and fall down to caress his arm. He longed to reach up and unpin the rest to let it flow down her back in waves of glimmering honey to see what it would look like in the light of the moon. Just as he reached one hand up to do just that, they were interrupted by a loud gasp. 
“What the devil is going on here?”
Pierce turned, trying to shield Noelle with his body but he felt her move to the side to see who had spoken. 
“Devon? What are you doing here?” Her voice was weak.
“That’s what I should be asking you. I myself have only just arrived to surprise you. I figured somebody from the family should be here to support you at your engagement ball. What’s your excuse for being out here acting so wantonly with him?” He gestured one hand angrily at Pierce. 
Before she had a chance to answer, Lady Tolliver had made her way out to the balcony and was standing just behind Devon with a horrified expression on her face, “What, pray tell, is going on here?” Hope closed her eyes, hoping that when she opened them again she would find herself in her bed instead of standing here facing this humiliation.
Pierce answered her, “Look, it’s not what you think…”
Devon cut him off angrily, “Oh I’m pretty sure it is what I think. I saw you both with my own two eyes. I should call you out for your appalling behavior towards my sister. If you hadn’t planned on announcing your engagement tonight I wouldn’t hesitate to do just that.”
Pierce ran a hand through his hair. “An engagement?” Lady Tolliver shrilled, “I most certainly would hope so after your scandalous behavior tonight. Your grace I am ashamed of you.” 
“Enough!” Pierce snapped, “We’ll go back into the ballroom now and make the announcement immediately.”
Devon turned to Noelle, “I suggest you fix your hair before making an appearance or there will only be more talk.” Then turned on his heel and disappeared back into the room, Lady Tolliver huffing right behind him.
As soon as they were alone Pierce turned to her and helped right her hair, “Don’t worry, I’ll take care of all of this.”
Hope tried to swallow the emotion that was clogging her throat. She was humiliated that they had been found in such a scandalous manner and now Lady Tolliver would think they were announcing their engagement just to save her reputation. She didn’t say a single word as she allowed Pierce to lead her back into the ballroom to make the dreaded announcement.


Chapter 19

“Excuse me ladies and gentleman, I have an announcement to make.” Pierce spoke loudly then waited while the talking died down before continuing, “I just wanted to let you all know that I have fallen madly in love with the most beautiful, charming lady in all of England and fortunately for me, I have asked her to become my wife to which she has agreed.” 
The cheers and hollers of excitement that went out couldn’t seem to block the sound of Hope’s heart beating in her ears. The flowery words of Pierce’s announcement confused her. She knew he was just trying to save face, to keep up appearances but his words cut straight to her heart. She desperately longed to hear him speak those words, but not in jest and it had only further hurt her to hear the words he spoke knowing they were a lie. He pulled her close as toasts were made on their behalf but she just stood stiffly at his side, hoping the attention would end so she could slip away and be by herself. 
Finally when she could take it no more, she grabbed Pierce’s jacket sleeve and whispered in his ear, “I’ve got to go. Please excuse me.”
He turned worried eyes on her, “Is everything alright?”
“Of course not, now please let me sneak off to the lady’s retiring room for a moment for some privacy.” He reluctantly let her go and watched as she half fled out of the room, amidst whispering and murmuring. 
As Hope fled, she was half-tempted to go to her room and leave the ball completely behind but she knew that would just cause a scene. Instead she went to the retiring room and prayed that it wouldn’t be overly crowded. She was surprised to notice only one other person in the room as she entered, until she realized that other person was Eliza. The woman sat perched on a pink velvet stool, her legs crossed daintily and a conniving smile on her face. 
She took one look at Hope’s tear streaked face and said in a sugary voice, “Oh child, whatever is the matter? Surely you aren’t upset that you are to marry the most eligible bachelor in all of London are you?”
Hope just stared at her chewing on her bottom lip nervously. She didn’t trust the girl and hadn’t a clue what her motives were, “I just came for a bit of privacy, do you mind?” She walked past her and tried to make her way behind the dressing screens that had been set up for privacy.
Eliza reached one hand out and grasped Hope’s arm sharply, pulling her to a halt, “No need to get snooty with me. If one of us should be upset, it is I. You have managed to steal the one thing I want and I fully intend to get him, regardless if he marries you or not.”
“I didn’t steal anything, I didn’t even know anything about you until a few days ago. And I’m sure Pierce will do as he pleases, if you are who he wants then I’m sure he’ll find a way to have you.” 
“Enough!” Both girls looked up in shock to see an outraged Pierce filling the doorway.
Eliza abruptly released Hope’s arm, “You can’t be in here, it’s highly inappropriate.”
“I don’t give a fig about proprieties right now, all I care about is talking to Noelle, now kindly leave us. Now.”
“Pierce you can’t mean that, what about us?”
“There is no us, not now and not ever. If you don’t leave now I won’t hesitate to throw you out.” 
“But…” Pierce reached for her then as if he fully intended to go through with his threats. Eliza did the only smart thing she could do at that moment and made a hasty exit. As soon as she was gone and the door had shut firmly behind her, Pierce walked over and scooted a small dressing table in front of the door.
“There, that should allow us a few moments of peace.” He walked over and reached for Hope but she recoiled. 
“Why are you here?”
“We need to talk.”
“About what? About those lies you spouted off in front of half the ton? I’m sick of this farce, it keeps getting more and more ridiculous. You don’t realize that you’re toying with real people who have real emotions.”
“I’m a real person with real emotions too, you do realize?”
“Could’ve fooled me.” She snorted.
He went and sat on the stool previously occupied by Eliza and took one of Noelle’s slender hands into his own, “Do you really believe me to be so uncaring?”
She shrugged, “If you really cared about me you wouldn’t have said those things out there, they aren’t true and were hardly necessary.”
Pierce pulled a reluctant Hope down into his lap and held her close. She eventually quit fighting and fitted her head into the crook of his neck where he felt wet tears trail down his throat only to disappear into the snowy folds of his cravat. 
“My little minx, are you truly so upset by what I said?” She nodded, causing her thick hair to rub up against his throat and chin in a tantalizing way as he inhaled her clean scent. 
“You didn’t have to lie, to say those things—besides, you never asked me to marry you, you won me remember?”
“Is that what this is about? Do you want a real proposal?” 
“That’s hardly necessary, I’ve already been forced into the arrangement.”
“Such loving words,” he chuckled. “Then tell me what bothered you so?”
Was he dense? She looked up into his black eyes and said, “The part about falling in love with me,” she averted her eyes once more.
He reached forward and lifted her chin with one long, brown finger so that she was gazing once more into his eyes, “Pray tell why that bothered you so, aren’t you in love with me?”
She gasped. How did he know? Stammering she said, “I—I’m not sure—I.”
“Say it,” he growled, his voice low and husky.
Figuring she had no choice she looked at him bravely and said, “I love you.” Hope was surprised at the relief that flooded through her to finally speak the truth. She knew she risked further heartache by her admission, but at least he knew how she truly felt. Every part of her being longed to cry out that she was madly, deeply in love with him and to have him reciprocate, though she knew the possibilities were remote. 
Without warning, Pierce pulled her in for a tender kiss then pulled back and whispered, “I love you too, I wasn’t lying out there. You have no idea how relieved I am to know you love me as well. I don’t know how you did it, minx, but you’ve completely stolen my heart.”
Hope felt faint, she could hardly believe the words he was speaking were true. “But what about Eliza?”
“What about her?”
“I thought you were in love with her.”
Pierce snarled and Hope would’ve laughed if the mood hadn’t been so serious between them, “Don’t ever speak such atrocious things. I thought I was once but now I realize what I felt for her was child’s play. What I feel for you is real, this is what love is supposed to feel like.”
She snuggled into his chest, “Why didn’t you marry her?”
He took a deep breath, “I almost did. I had planned on asking for her hand but luckily I found out her true motives before I was permanently stuck. I thought she was the most beautiful, kind, tender hearted…”
Hope put up one hand to stop him, “That’s enough of you spouting off her many virtues.”
He bent forward and placed a kiss on the palm of her outstretched hand causing her to shiver. “I said I thought that’s how she was, but I now know how disillusioned I was. Besides, I had yet to meet you—the real most beautiful, kind, tender hearted, genuine, stubborn, obstinate…”
“Okay, that will be enough,” she laughed, “Please continue.”
“Then don’t interrupt me. Now where was I? Oh yes, I thought that she was everything I could ever want until I overheard her talking to her friend one night about how she had me right where she wanted me, eating out of her hand. Apparently she was more in love with my money and title and the thought of one day being a duchess than she ever was with ‘obnoxious little Pierce’ as she put it.” 
“No! She said that? Right out in the open for anyone to hear?”
“No, she had snuck off from the ball and when I went looking for her I heard voices in the library and found her and Lady Heather discussing her victory in snagging the most wealthy bachelor in London. I was sick and heartbroken.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry, it’s the best thing that could’ve happened. If I hadn’t been privy to that bit of information I would’ve asked her father for her hand and wed her in a heartbeat and later realized the miserable mistake I had made. No, it was better to find out then.”
“What did you do? Did you confront her?”
“No, I started lavishing every available lady of the ton with praise and attention except her. I earned quite the reputation as a rake and she became distraught by my behavior. She thought I was just sowing some wild oats and that once I got it out of my system I would come back and beg her to become my wife, but she was wrong. The more she tried to win back my affections the more jaded I became until one day I just up and left on a tour of the continent. I was gone for over a year and by the time I came back she was married to Lord Norton, a Baron with very little wealth and lots of gambling debt. I’m still not quite sure how that match was arranged, but I figure due justice was served and I was just glad to be rid of her. I suppose when her poor husband died she figured she could just waltz back into my life and we could pick up where we left off. She was surprised to find out I was betrothed and even more shocked to find out that I was actually in love with you. I think I fell in love with you that first time I saw you sprawled out on your father’s floor in your morning dress, your hair strewn wildly about you.”
Hope blushed, “Oh, what I sight I must’ve been.”
“Just so, I will never forget that sight for the rest of my life.” He reached for one of the loose curls framing her face and wrapped it around his palm, “And I can’t wait to see you like that again, soon, after we’re married. I want your hair down and loose all around me.” 
Hope blushed and reached up to kiss him sensuously, “Then your wish will be my command.”
He groaned, “This is agony, you’re killing me.”
“If you’re going to die, then I insist you take me with you.”
“I wouldn’t dare leave you behind, you’re mine now…we belong together forever.” And he kissed her once more, a long lingering kiss that spoke more eloquently than any words of his deep love for her.  
When they eventually parted Hope said, “I think I’d rather stay here and live happily ever after. How soon can we be wed?”
Pierce laughed, “Are you anxious to be my wife or for the marriage bed?”
“Both,” she smiled up at him saucily.
Pierce groaned, “I have half a mind to go purchase a special license tonight and marry you first thing in the morning. I’d do it too if I knew my mother wouldn’t kill me.”
 “Oh, we couldn’t have that. Now, enough talk of dying, just kiss me.” Pierce eagerly complied, drowning in the sweet depths of her mouth. 
For the first time since the charade started, Hope felt optimistic and believed that just maybe the hand of God had led her to this very fate, to Pierce, and she silently thanked providence for intervening in their behalf.


Part 3


Chapter 20

One of the hardest things Hope had to do was to leave Pierce at Ridgecrest Manor while she traveled with Esther back to the Earl of Brattondale’s townhouse in Mayfair. Now that they had both openly admitted their love for each other, they scarce could be separated. Pierce had been just as reluctant to let her go but reminded her that she had wedding preparations to attend to and a trousseau to assemble in London and that while she was gone he would be busy preparing the small chapel on his estate for their wedding as well as planning their wedding trip, which he insisted must be a surprise.
The day before she left he had taken her on a ride to the chapel nestled in a cozy setting next to a small pond. There had been a thick mist that morning leftover from the previous night’s rain and it had only added to the charm of the white stone chapel that was hundreds of years old, giving it the appearance of floating on a bed of clouds. The tall windows reached heavenward ending in points that seemed to direct the patron’s eyes in that very direction, the massive wood doors were arched and featured intricate iron work. It was where Pierce’s parents had been married and it was perfect for the wedding they both envisioned—a small affair with family and a few friends. Neither of them was anxious to make a spectacle though Pierce knew very well that’s exactly what the ton anticipated and expected. He however didn’t care, this was their wedding and they would do it their way.
Everything from the moment that Pierce had proclaimed his love for her had seemed so surreal to Hope. She hardly dared fall asleep at night for fear that she’d awake in the morning and find out she had only been dreaming. After Pierce had helped her into the carriage he leaned forward and placed a hand on her face, noticing the stark contrast of his tanned skin next to her own alabaster skin. He tenderly ran his thumb from her cheek down to her lips where he gently caressed them before leaning in and planting a firm kiss on her lips. 
When Hope finally gathered her wits about her she spoke breathlessly, “I don’t think I can handle a goodbye from you.”
Pierce smiled, “Then no goodbyes will be spoken. And you have my word that the next time I see you you’ll never have to leave my side again.”
“Never?” she asked hopefully and skeptically all at the same time.
Pierce laughed, “Of course I’ll still have matters of business to attend to and I imagine once in awhile Elliot will persuade me to attend White’s with him but,” he reached out and tweaked her nose, “I’ll always come home to you, we’ll never be apart for long.”
Hope leaned back on the bench of the carriage and sighed, “It sounds splendid.”
“Perfectly splendid, now you better be off.” He stepped back from the carriage, resisting the urge to take her in his arms once more for he knew if he allowed himself another touch he wouldn’t be able to let her go. He stood in the drive and watched until the carriage was out of sight, feeling lonely all of a sudden once Noelle’s presence wasn’t there to infiltrate Ridgecrest manor and every crevice of his heart. 
Hope couldn’t help but reminisce about the ride they had made to Ridgecrest Manor a short week ago. Then Pierce had seemed such an enigma, somebody she would be forced to tolerate as a favor for Noelle. She remembered his outrageous claim of playing the pianoforte and the way he goaded her about her writings. She smiled to herself, now realizing she must have been attracted to him even then and more interested than she’d even been willing to admit, for if she had been truly indifferent to him she wouldn’t have let him rile her so. 
By the time they arrived back in Mayfair, Hope was looking forward to a warm bath to wash away the dirt and grime from the road. She was informed immediately upon entering the house that Devon and Lord Brattondale were attending the theater and she couldn’t even pretend to be disappointed by the news. She took her much anticipated bath then afterwards had a tray of food brought to her. She ate hungrily of the beef stew and crusty bread while Esther brushed her hair before the fire, lulling her into a complete trance, her thoughts reliving every glance, every touch from Pierce as she highly anticipated a lifetime of scorching encounters. 
It was no surprise that when she fell asleep that night that she dreamt of Pierce, for she already missed his company dreadfully. She thought in her sleep induced haze that she heard a noise in her room but before she could rouse herself fully awake the room was silent once more and she turned over and immediately fell back into her pleasant dreamland, all thoughts centered on Pierce. 
Her next awareness was of a hand on her shoulder shaking her not so gently back and forth. She struggled to peel her eyes open, wondering almost excitedly if Pierce had really come to her as she had been dreaming he would. In the dark shadows of the room she could barely make out a petite form and she gasped, instantly coming completely alert. She sat up in bed and reached towards the nightstand searching for something, anything to defend herself against her would be attacker.  
As she felt her hand close on a brass candlestick the stranger spoke, “Hope, it’s me Noelle. Now be quiet, we need to talk without you waking anyone.”
She instinctually reached for Noelle’s face then grasped at her hair, knowing she’d recognize the feel of her mistress’s hair anywhere, having to be reassured that it truly was her. Her head was spinning, she never in a million years thought she would ever lay eyes, or hands on Noelle again. Something in her heart told her something wasn’t right as a sick dread filled her belly. She tried to ignore the bad feelings as she asked, “What are you doing here? I thought you went to America.”
Noelle’s voice was shaky as she began, “We never made it onto the ship.”
The feeling of dread increased tenfold, “What do you mean you never made it? Where’s Soren.”
Noelle sobbed, “He’s dead!” Hope gasped so loud that Noelle reached over to cover her mouth with one hand before hissing, “Shhh…I told you to be quiet, if anyone finds us both here everything will be ruined.”
Hope nodded silently, too shocked to speak. “I have nothing now. I had no choice but to come back, you understand don’t you? The only consolation I had was knowing you would be tremendously relieved to put an end to this act I forced on you.”
Hope’s thoughts were all jumbled, for though she heard clearly every word Noelle spoke she couldn’t seem to make sense of the words. “Where’s Soren?” she asked once more, needing some clarification.
“I told you already and please don’t make me say it again. The thought is too much to bear.”
“But how? I mean, what happened? Did something happen at sea?”
Noelle shook her head, “I told you we never made it to sea. The day we were supposed to depart Soren was informed of some delays with the cargo he was carrying back to America. The crew was supposed to be sorting everything out but said it could take days before we’d be ready to set sail so we had no choice but to wait and so we…” her voice broke off and she became silent except for the sniffles Hope heard indicating she was sobbing once more.
Hope’s heart broke on her behalf as she reached over and embraced Noelle, pulling her head to her shoulder as she stroked her hair in a motherly fashion. After a few minutes Noelle was able to speak once more, “One night he received a note from his first mate asking him to come to the docks. I begged him not to leave for it was late and I’ve heard stories of how dangerous the docks can be after dark but he thought I was just being silly and overprotective and he assured me he was more than capable of handling himself. He never came back. I received word just this morning that he had been killed by some thugs that were lurking around the docks trying to break in and steal precious cargo from the ships waiting to sail. Apparently it was a matter of being in the wrong place at the wrong time.”
“You poor dear, I’m so sorry.”
“Oh Hope, the last thing I wanted to do was to come back. I should be sailing toward America right now, Soren by my side. Instead I was left completely alone, penniless with no option but to return and marry the insufferable Duke of Kerrington, a fate worse than death.”
Hope stiffened at her words, her heart turning chill. Noelle’s presence meant only one thing for Hope, that she would now be forced to turn Noelle’s life back over to her, to let her marry Pierce like she was rightfully supposed to do in the first place. A panic like nothing she had ever known filled her breast—she knew she couldn’t leave Pierce to marry Noelle, she’d just as soon die, but she knew that it was no longer in her control. With Noelle’s reappearance she was once again plain Hope Hillburn, common servant. No, she corrected herself, she wasn’t even a servant anymore, for she had lost that position to Esther when she had told the earl that Noelle’s lady’s maid had ran off with a stable boy. 
Despair settled over her and she desperately wanted to crawl under the thick counterpane and fall back into her dream filled sleep where she had been content and happy to dream of a future that she now knew she would never own. The girls sat in tense silence, both filled with an agony and loss the other couldn’t fully comprehend. Hope thought about explaining to Noelle that she and the duke had fallen in love, hoping to convince her that she had to remain in her role as Noelle or her heart would be broken into pieces. She knew that argument would never work, for she was merely a former servant, a plain girl with not a drop of blue blood in her veins and no amount of love could compensate for that reality. 
After what seemed an eternity of wallowing in her own self pity, Hope’s thoughts turned to Noelle. She knew that she shouldn’t be so selfishly devastated by the news that Pierce would never be hers, at least not the way she had come to want and desire him. Though she would never marry him, touch him, or even see him again, at least she would live knowing he was alive somewhere and had the hope of happiness in his future, unlike Soren who no longer had that option.
And though she should’ve felt at least a little reassured by that fact, all she felt was nauseous—the thought of Noelle marrying Pierce, of him kissing her and of her bearing his children made her ill. Stretched before her was an entire lifetime of knowing he would forever belong to someone else and that she would never have him. She was back to feeling self pity and she selfishly thought that it would’ve been better to have lost him to death than to someone else.
Sensing Hope’s melancholy, Noelle turned to her and asked, “I thought you’d be glad to return to your old life, why the sad face?”
“Oh Noelle, don’t you see? Nothing will ever be the same again, not for either one of us. My heart absolutely breaks to hear you have lost the love of your life and now I will be losing—“ 
Noelle cut her off, “Oh Hope! I know you must think me dreadfully selfish to waltz back in and stake claim to my life forcing you to give up the fancy dresses and a life of ease. I can’t offer you a position, as you well know, and I have no money right now but I can get some soon and send it to you to help compensate you for all you’ve done.”
Hope felt dirty by her offer of money to compensate her—for what? For falling in love with the man Noelle was supposed to marry? For living the most magical few weeks of her life and experiencing something she’d never thought to experience in her lifetime—love? No amount of money could ever compensate for that and she desperately wanted to tell Noelle that but knew she couldn’t. She was a realist and knew that she may never find another lady’s maid position without a note of recommendation from Lord Brattondale, which would be impossible to acquire. She’d have to look for other work and who knew how long it would take her to secure a post. She knew she’d be foolish to turn away the money.
“Send it in care of my mother in Shepard’s Bush, for that is where I will be.”
Noelle knelt on the bed next to her and hugged her shoulders, “I know I can never repay you for all you’ve done for me. I wish you every happiness.”
“Likewise milady,” then somehow she managed to choke out the next words beyond the lump in her throat, “And take care of Pierce, he’s a good man and will make you happy if you let him. Please make him happy too.” 
Warm tears escaped the corners of her eyes and streamed down her cheeks as she somehow managed to change into a simple day dress in the dark before gathering the few belongings that were her own to take with her and stuffing them into the valise Noelle had brought back with her on her return. As she was rummaging through the jewelry box in search of her mother’s ruby necklace she came across the amber stone necklace Pierce gave her and was tempted to add it to her bag so that she’d have some sort of physical reminder of his love and the short time they had had together. She reluctantly let it slide back into the velvet lined drawer of the box knowing it didn’t truly belong to her but to the future Duchess of Kerrington and that the only thing she’d have to take with her were memories. 
When she was finished gathering her stuff, Noelle draped a dark cloak around her slender shoulders and said, “I came through the servant’s door and found that part of the house quite deserted. If you are quiet I’m sure you can escape undetected.”
“Thank you, I’ll be careful. Oh, and your new lady’s maid is named Esther. I think you’ll get along with her quite nicely.”
“Godspeed, Hope.”
And with that Hope turned and quickly made to escape the Brattondale’s townhouse and her former life completely; if only she could escape the pain that was permanently branded on her heart as well.


Chapter 21

It had only been a week since he had bid Noelle farewell, but to Pierce it felt like an eternity. He hadn’t planned on seeing her for yet another week but knew he couldn’t hold out that long. The first few days she had been gone he had kept himself busy instructing the servants to freshen up the chapel and making preparations for their wedding trip to France but he quickly realized that no amount of busyness could keep his desire to be with her at bay. He impulsively decided to return to London and surprise her, spending the entire trip fantasizing about how delicious it would be to hold her soft body in his arms and kiss her pert mouth as he inhaled her fresh scent. 
Due to their late start, they didn’t arrive in London until well past an appropriate hour to pay a call to the Brattondale’s so Pierce instructed his driver to take him directly to his townhouse on Grosvenor Square for the night where he slept fitfully, much too anxious to be reunited with Noelle. 
The following morning Pierce was up early. Tucker had helped dress him in tan breeches and a dark brown tailcoat, his cravat expertly tied in the mathematical before he left the house whistling in anticipation for the day ahead. He walked the few blocks from his house to Noelle’s and when he arrived the butler showed him into the drawing room where he could wait for Noelle. He sat down on the rose colored settee and smiled at the remembrance of the first day he had called on the Earl of Brattondale with the intention of meeting his future wife and the encounter with Noelle that ensued. 
The memory of her in her white day dress with her hair cascading down around her in untamed rivers of honey made him even more eager to see her, to touch her. He looked up expectantly as Noelle and Esther walked into the room, quickly coming to his feet and closing the distance between them. He smiled at her, his dark eyes sparkling with merriment.
Noelle watched as the duke smiled charmingly at her revealing straight, white teeth. He was every bit as handsome as everyone had said he was, but she couldn’t help comparing him to Soren, to the handsome American who had stolen her heart. The duke was taller and broader than Soren, but where his eyes held a gleam of wickedness, Soren’s emerald eyes had always seemed to sparkle with barely contained laughter. As she stood assessing the duke and comparing him endlessly to Soren, her heart ached anew with the fresh grief of her loss and she tried to remind herself that that part of her life was in the past and had to stay that way forever. It would be best if she forgot about Soren completely and embraced this new life, this new man standing in front of her. 
Pierce reached for her hand and brought it to his lips where he placed a soft kiss to the inside of her wrist, allowing his lips to linger longer than what was deemed appropriate. Noelle couldn’t help herself as she recoiled inwardly at his overly familiar touch. She pulled her hand back suddenly when she found she could no longer bare his touch. When Soren touched her she felt nothing repulsive, only tingly, like every nerve was on fire and alert to his every movement. When the duke touched her she just felt flat.
Pierce squinted his eyes and looked at her, her aloofness bothering him greatly, especially after being apart for so long. He wished there was some way he could get Esther to leave them for a time so he could pull her into his arms and kiss her as he had been envisioning doing for the last week.
“I know I said I wouldn’t be here for another week but I found I couldn’t stay away from you any longer, love.”
Love? Apparently he and Hope had grown more comfortable than she realized. She knew she’d have to set him straight, for she didn’t want him to expect more from her than she was willing to give. “That’s nice of you to come all this way to see me but I really must get going, I have an appointment with my dressmaker and don’t want to be late.”
Noelle’s attempt to dismiss Pierce confused him. Was this the same girl who had so reluctantly parted with him back at Ridgecrest Manor? He looked at her closely and noticed the way she avoided looking into his eyes, the way she stood with her arms crossed rigidly across her chest as if she was impatiently waiting for him to leave. Well if she thought that was the case, she had another thing coming. 
Turning to Esther he said, “Esther, would you mind fetching a pelisse for Noelle? It’s a little chilly out and I’d hate for her to catch a chill.”
“But your grace, it wouldn’t be proper for me to—”
“Now, Esther.” He ground out between clenched teeth.
“Yes your grace,” she said as she scurried out of the room to do his bidding.
The minute they were alone, Pierce wasted no time. He stepped forward and pulled Noelle into his arms, “Oh how I’ve missed you, my minx.” He bent his head and eagerly found her lips and kissed her with all of the pent up passion he possessed. He was so distracted by the feel of her soft lips at first that he failed to notice that she wasn’t responding, or for that matter that he wasn’t experiencing the same tidal wave of passion he had previously experienced either.  When the fog of desire finally cleared from his mind he realized that she stood stiff and unyielding in his arms. Never before when he had kissed her, not even that first time in this very same room, had she ever been so unresponsive and never before had he felt such lack of passion, it was as if there was no emotion involved when they touched. He heard an alarm sound in his head as he pulled back to gaze into her amber eyes; eyes that usually sparkled with life were now dull and unwelcoming. 
Pierce dropped his hands from her person as if he had been burned and took a step back, “I’m sorry…it’s just that I…” he stammered.
“Yes,” Noelle replied coolly, “I trust you will not allow it to happen again before we are properly married.” 
Pierce reeled back as if she had slapped him. Where had his passionate Noelle gone? The girl who so eagerly and hungrily partook of his kisses with an intoxicating mixture of innocence and barely contained passion? 
“What’s the matter Noelle? Has something happened?”
Noelle could see in his face that he was genuinely concerned for her. She didn’t have the heart to hurt his feelings and instead opted to tell a small lie, “I am just not feeling well.”
“Why didn’t you say so? Shall I ring for tea?”
“No, no, I think I just need to lie down for awhile. If you wouldn’t mind sending word to the dressmaker that I won’t be able to keep my appointment then I think I’ll just go lay down. Thanks for the visit and have a nice day.” And with that she hurried out of the room, leaving a stunned Pierce gaping after her. 
The disappointment that invaded his mind and heart at the reunion wouldn’t ebb. He felt sick inside as he thought back on their past encounters, on the fiery passion that they had shared. He thought about how unassuming and likeable Noelle had been at Ridgecrest manor and the lively badinage they had engaged in. She had been so different from any other woman he had ever known but today she felt like a stranger. The concern he felt on her behalf was immense and so he quickly took leave of her house hoping to find a way to distract himself from his fretting. 
Pierce walked agitatedly back to his townhouse where he instructed his groom to ready his carriage so he could drive into town. His first order of business was to purchase a large bouquet of pink roses to be sent over to Noelle. The light, delicate shade of pink reminded him of the color of her soft creamy skin after he had thoroughly kissed her. He had to keep reminiscing on their time together in the country to reassure himself that nothing was terribly amiss, that her sudden alteration in behavior was truly due to illness and not something more formidable.
Next he drove to Oxford Street to make a purchase he had been contemplating ever since Noelle had told him of her penchant for writing. He alighted from his carriage and strolled into Gillow’s to pick out a Bonheur du jour for Noelle. It didn’t take him long to pick out the perfect writing desk for her; the dainty George III desk was made out of a rich mahogany imported from the West Indies and featured a central section bookshelf flanked by two cupboards veneered in tulip wood. The drawers featured turned brass handles and the desk sat atop elegant squared tapering legs mounted on brass castors. It was perfect—the desk radiated an air of elegance and beauty that reminded him of Noelle. He couldn’t wait to see the look on her face when he presented it to her. 
After purchasing the desk and instructing it to be delivered to his townhouse on Grosvenor Square he left hoping to find something to distract him from the persistent ache in his heart that warred with the persistent desire to be with Noelle. 
***
Esther flitted around the room retrieving discarded articles of clothing as she occasionally sent an annoyed glance in the direction of the testered bed. Noelle had been laying face down on the plush cover pane, her body racking with sobs ever since Lord Kerrington had left nearly an hour ago. She hadn’t been able to pry any information from her mistress about the encounter but secretly wondered what had occurred in the short time she had been gone retrieving her pelisse that had disheartened her so. 
Quite frankly, ever since Esther had gone in the room to begin Noelle’s toilette that morning she had sensed a change in her demeanor. Her eyes that had been so alive were lifeless and dull. She was morose and almost unfriendly in her dealings with Esther and had shown not even the slightest bit of excitement about her appointment with the dressmaker to begin assembling her trousseau. And, there was no talk of Pierce or the upcoming wedding and that by far unnerved her the most. 
Ever since arriving back in London, all Noelle seemed to be able to do was talk about Lord Kerrington with a dreamy, love struck look on her face. And Esther couldn’t say she blamed her, if a man as handsome and fine as Lord Kerrington was to become her husband, she’d be walking around distracted and smitten as well. The thought of such a glorious man kissing her made her cheeks instantly flame with heat and so distracted was she that she hadn’t even noticed that Noelle’s crying had finally ceased and the room had become eerily silent. 
“Esther are you listening to me?”
Esther guiltily shook all thoughts of the duke out of her head and walked over to the side of her mistress’s bed, “I’m sorry milady, what was it you were saying?”
“I was saying that I want to leave.”
“And where do you want to go? Are you sure you’re feeling up to it?”
“I’m not really ill you twit, I just couldn’t stomach another minute in that vile man’s presence.”
Esther gasped audibly, had she really just heard Noelle correctly? She didn’t know what had happened to change her mood so drastically in such a short time but all she knew was this behavior was completely out of character. “Are you sure you’re feeling well milady?”
“As well as can be expected, now stop asking me that. I want to you to come with me.”
“Come with you where?”
“To Shepard’s Bush. I have a—a friend I need to see, it’s urgent.”
“I’m not sure that’s wise milady, won’t your father object to such an outing?”
“Oh it’s not like he has to know. The only way he’d find out is if you were to say something,” Noelle squinted her eyes at her and assessed her coolly, “You wouldn’t rat me out would you?”
“Of course not, but what about the stable boy? Won’t he tell your father where you’ve gone off to?”
Noelle swung her legs over the edge of the bed, “No because he won’t know, we’ll tell him we’re just going for a ride through Hyde Park and that Devon is meeting us there to accompany us.”
“Very well, milady. But there is just one thing—”
Noelle rolled her eyes, “Pray tell, what is it?”
“I can’t ride a horse.”
Noelle had no sympathy for Esther and her lack of skill. She was so keen on getting to Hope in Shepard’s Bush that she was determined to drag Esther along on the back of her horse if that’s what it took to get them there. They were halfway to the mews when they were interrupted by Devon sitting atop a chestnut mare. 
“Good day Noelle, where are you off too?”
Noelle rolled her eyes impatiently before turning to stare up at her brother. “We were just off on a ride through Hyde Park.”
“By yourself, unchaperoned?”
“Well, it’s actually quite good fortune that we ran into you because I was hoping you might be able to accompany us.” She hoped with everything in her that he would say that he had other plans and leave them be so they could sneak off without further interruption, but apparently luck was not on her side.
“What a marvelous idea! We haven’t gotten to go riding together since we’ve been in London this season and it’s such a fine day to be out. Perhaps you should go grab a bonnet to shield yourself from the sun.”
Noelle ground her teeth together in frustration, clearly she wouldn’t be able to follow through on her plans this day. “Please have Geoffrey saddle my horse while I go retrieve a bonnet then we can be off.” Then turning to Esther, “It appears you won’t get the chance to learn to ride today, I won’t be needing your assistance now.”  She stalked off back towards the house, irritated beyond belief that she couldn’t go track down Hope and beg her to come back and marry Lord Kerrington. 
Though initially Noelle had regretted Devon’s presence that morning and the ride she was being forced to take through Hyde Park, she found as they rode along, the sun beating down on their backs, that she was actually grateful for the opportunity the ride had given her to think through her plan more thoroughly. She found that her initial idea of running off to find Hope and begging her to come back and marry the duke was incredibly flawed—once Hope came back and became her, what was she supposed to do? Where was she supposed to go?
She had always been quite impulsive, one of the traits she possessed in great abundance. It was that same impulsiveness that had prompted her to run off with Soren, but now that she had time to think through her actions more clearly, she knew that there was no way she could bring Hope back and force herself out on the streets once more. She felt her throat clog with frustrated emotion as she thought of the predicament she was in. She silently cursed Soren for having the audacity to die on her, leaving her in this position. Next she turned her anger towards her father, for if he hadn’t so foolishly arranged for her to wed the duke, she would never have been in this position in the first place. She was so dratted mad at anyone and everything that she could hardly focus on the plethora of people who had stopped to greet the pair on their ride. 
Noelle remained aloof the entire outing and by the time they had returned home she was once more in a deep melancholy. She felt so hopelessly frustrated and depressed when she thought about her future.  Even knowing that she would soon be a duchess couldn’t brighten her mood any. She thought of the kiss Lord Kerrington had so unwelcomingly bestowed upon her and wanted to retch. It wasn’t that he wasn’t attractive, because she could admit that he was dangerously so, it all came down to the fact that she wasn’t in love with him. She was still helplessly, maddeningly in love with Soren, or the memory of Soren since the man no longer existed.
Her thoughts kept whirling around in the same never ending cycle of pity. The only solution she could come up with was not satisfactory but seemed to be the only way—she’d simply have to learn to tolerate the duke and make the most of the marriage, for she could see no other way around her inevitable future.


Chapter 22

The next morning Esther had barely finished arranging Noelle’s hair into a loose Grecian knot on the top of her head when there was a light tapping at her door. Esther scurried over to answer and was informed by the butler that Noelle had a caller waiting for her in the drawing room. 
Noelle felt a fresh wave a trepidation wash over her, for surely it was Lord Kerrington coming to call and the last person she wanted to see was him. She contemplated ways she could avoid having to see him before deciding that having to spend some time with the man was inevitable, for surely once she was his wife she’d have to spend more time with him than she’d like. 
Entering the drawing room, Noelle was shocked to see that it wasn’t Lord Kerrington at all but a man she had never met. She assessed the man, from his dark head of hair that was just slightly longer than what was fashionable, to his contrasting pale blue eyes set in a well sculpted face. He was dressed in fashionable clothes that had an excellent cut making his overall appearance quite striking. She walked forward and waited for him to make introductions, which he never did. 
The stranger just stared at her coldly before she managed to mumble, “May I help you?”
“I certainly hope so. I want to know what you did to Pierce.”
She was momentarily caught off guard by the use of the duke’s given name. She had never used his given name before or even thought of him by it but she decided it was fitting. “What do you mean? I haven’t done anything to the man.”
Without waiting for her to offer, the stranger took a seat on the settee, all the while managing to glare at her as if she had done something horribly offensive. “Maybe that’s the problem,” he muttered crudely. 
“Beg your pardon, if you’ve come here to insult me than you’ve achieved your purpose and may gladly take your leave.”
“I’m not leaving until I figure out what you’ve done.”
“I already told you I haven’t done a blasted thing to your beloved Pierce!”
“My beloved Pierce? Last time I checked he was your beloved. When you left Ridgecrest Manor, you had the poor fool practically eating out of the palm of your hand he was so besotted, and when I ran into him at White’s last night he was practically despondent, definitely not my idea of a man in love. I deduce that you had something to do with the sudden change in his mood and came here to warn you.”
“How kind,” she said acerbically.
The man leaned back on the settee, his arms crossed tightly against his chest, “I thought it only fair to warn you that if you break his heart, you’ll have to answer to me.”
Noelle laughed mirthlessly at his absurd threat, “What goes on in my relationship is none of your concern. I think it’s time you left.”
The man rose and stood inches away from her, peering his pale blue eyes that looked as cold as ice down at her dangerously, “I’ll not leave until I get the information I came here for and I want an honest answer—do you love him?”
Noelle averted her eyes guiltily and swallowed hard. There was no way she could lie and say she did so she racked her brain trying to come up with an acceptable answer.  She looked straight ahead at his cravat to avoid looking into his eyes as she said flippantly, “Since when is love a requirement for marriage?”
The man reeled back as if she had slapped him. He shook his head at her disgusted before he turned and made to leave. Right before he got to the door he turned back and hissed, “You don’t deserve him,” before turning on his heel and leaving, slamming the front door behind him as he went.
***
Elliot was still fuming when he reached Pierce’s townhouse, the encounter with Noelle had caused his blood to boil and it still hadn’t cooled to its normal temperature. He lifted his arm to knock just as the heavy wood door was flung open revealing a startled Pierce. 
“To what do I owe this surprise visit?”
Elliot grabbed Pierce by the shoulder and forced him back into the entryway and continued dragging him to the parlor before he finally released his arm.
“What’s this all about man? I haven’t seen you this incensed since Felicity disappeared.”
Pierce knew that something was truly bothering his friend when he ignored his comment about his lost love completely and instead began spewing off at him, “There’s no way in good conscience I can allow you to marry that shrew.”
“Allow me? Since when do I seek your permission for anything I do?”
“Never but it’s about bloody time that you start. You’re life would’ve been hell had you married Eliza and you’re about to make a similar mistake by marrying that selfish wretch. I beg you, cry off while you can.”
Pierce was standing uncomfortably close now, towering several inches over his friend, his black eyes flashing dangerously, “Don’t you ever speak of Noelle that way again. You do not even know her and besides, I couldn’t cry off now and you bloody well know it, it would ruin both of us. I couldn’t care less about my so called reputation but I would never do that to her. Not to mention the fact that I love her.”
“And for that you are a fool.”
“I think, Elliot, that you are jealous. Ever since Felicity disappeared you haven’t taken anything seriously, including relationships. I think it pains you to see me settling down and truly happy while you are still pining away for something that can never be.”
“Stop trying to turn the tables. I’m just worried that you’ll get your heart broken again.”
“I thought I didn’t have a heart.” Pierce said wryly. 
A small smile flicked on Elliot’s face before he said, “I’m not entirely sure that you do. But back to Noelle, you haven’t known her for very long—how can you claim that you love her? I mean she’s quite the enigma; one minute she’s making doe eyes at you and the next minute she can’t even tolerate your presence. It’s like she’s a completely different person here in London than she was at Ridgecrest Manor.”
Pierce plopped gracelessly into a wing backed chair and huffed as he propped one booted foot on his knee. His eyes took on a faraway look as he rubbed his chin. “I do appreciate your concern and I see what you mean. I’m not convinced her sudden moodiness means she doesn’t love me anymore, but I would like to know what is going on.” After a minute his eyes came into focus and he looked sharply at Elliot, “Wait, what do you mean she’s different here in London, have you seen her?”
Elliot abruptly turned and walked over to stare out the window to bide his time and avoid looking into Pierce’s eyes, “I just assumed she was acting differently by the way you’ve been acting.”
“You’ve seen me one night and suddenly you’re an expert on my moods and demeanor?”
“I’ve known you long enough to read you fairly accurately and I haven’t seen you so despondent over a girl since Eliza. Since when did you start letting women affect you so? It’s completely out of character for you.”
Pushing to his feet, Pierce rose, “I’m not about to sit here and debate my character flaws with you. My relationship with Noelle is none of your concern. Now if you don’t mind, I have somewhere to be.”
Elliot twirled to look at him, “Please tell me you’re not going to see Noelle.”
That’s exactly where I’m going.” 
“Something tells me she won’t appreciate a visit from you,” he warned. 
Pierce called out over his shoulder as he walked to the door, “Stay out of it Elliot.”
The minute Pierce slammed the door behind him and stood out in the smoggy London air he let his frustration slowly drain from his body. Staying away from Noelle was killing him and it was time he remedied the problem. He instructed his driver to take him to her house then waited impatiently for her butler to answer the door. When he was let into the drawing room he spotted the pink roses he had sent sitting on an end table and smiled to himself. He went and stood before the only window in the room facing the street and watched in silence as the carriages and phaetons drove by. 
After what felt like an abnormally long time he turned his head to glance at the clock sitting on the mantle and out of the corner of his eye saw movement. He turned to greet Noelle, this time reluctantly keeping his distance. He waited as she walked slowly into the room as if every step was a painful drudgery. When she finally stood a few feet before him she stopped and looked up into his face with the same disinterest he had witnessed on their last encounter. His heart sunk and he felt instantly hollow inside.
Pierce eyed her wearily, not sure what exactly was different about her, but knowing that something was. When she finally spoke, he regretted his decision to come.
“Well are you going to stare at me all day or are you here for a reason? I have better things to do with my time than to be ogled by you.”
By some miracle Pierce hid his frustration at her words, “I know you must be extremely busy planning our wedding, but I came here hoping you’d indulge me. I have a surprise for you.” He keenly tried to ignore the painful stab he felt in the region of his heart at her boorish reception and instead tried desperately to recover even a spark of the former Noelle.
Noelle contemplated him for one long minute before slumping her shoulders in defeat and accepting the fact that she would have to indulge him. She couldn’t avoid the duke forever, for if she could, she’d certainly find a way to do so. “Very well, but this better be good.” 
They silently walked to his carriage where he assisted her inside, eager for any opportunity to touch her, not matter how brief, though he noted with some disquiet that when he touched her he didn’t feel the usual sparks.  They rode in silence the entire way back to Grosvenor Square; she looking out her window and him watching her, trying to decipher what had happened to cause such a change in so short a period. The entire drive he couldn’t help hoping fruitlessly that she would turn her graceful neck and look him in the eyes and that they would share that familiar current of electricity that always seemed to be charging between them, even from their very first encounter, but much to his regret she never looked his way.
When his driver let them off in front of his townhouse he quickly alighted and turned to help assist Noelle down. Neither of them spoke as they silently walked into the house. Pierce led her to the drawing room where he had instructed to have her writing desk delivered. He was so anxious to give it to her that he knew he wouldn’t be able to wait until they were back at Ridgecrest Manor to present her with her gift. 
Nervously he walked her over to the far side of the room where the desk was sitting, a red satin ribbon tied into a bow on top of it. He turned expectant eyes on her and said, “This is for you,” and waited for her reaction.
Noelle eyed the desk skeptically, not completely sure why she should be so flattered to be given a piece of furniture, one that she could hardly envision herself using. She ran her fingers over the finely polished mahogany before looking up at Pierce, “Uh, thanks. It will be lovely to sit here and answer all the invitations we will surely get to balls and routs and the like.”
Pierce stared at her, his mouth open in an unbecoming fashion. Surely she was jesting. “Ever since you mentioned your writing I’ve wanted to get you a desk, something nice. We can have it placed anywhere in Ridgecrest Manor you’d like. I was thinking it could go in the room we will share overlooking the gardens that way you can have a lovely view as you write.”
It was Noelle’s turn to stare at him quizzically, “You mean to tell me that you expect us to get a considerable amount of invitations, enough to warrant an entire desk devoted to the cause?”
Pierce slowly inched closer to her, his eyes narrowed doubtfully. The only choice Noelle had was to inch her way back from him at the same pace he pursued her. He was silently glaring at her and she wished he would say something, anything to break the awkward silence. Before she had realized it, she was backed up completely into a wall, her shoulders hitting the papered walls with a dull thud. Her eyes widened as she realized that she had run out of room to retreat but that he was still inching closer, stalking her then pinning her against the wall. As he got within a foot of her she reached out her arms to stop him, placing both palms against his chest.
Pierce watched as Noelle’s eyes darted back and forth, anxious to look anywhere but at him. He reached up and almost painfully clutched her wrists pulling them down and pinning them to her side. “Who are you, and what have you done with my Noelle?” he growled dangerously, fully convinced that the woman standing in front of him could not be the same woman he had fallen in love with.  He wasn’t sure how that was possible, he just knew.
Noelle bit her bottom lip and shook her head back and forth, “I—I am Noelle, I promise.”
Before she knew what he was about, Pierce had dropped to his knees in front of her and began rustling with the hem of her dress. She gasped in shock, “Beg your pardon, but what do you think you are doing?”
“Finding out if you’re lying to me, now hold still and we can do this the easy way or put up a fight and we’ll do it the hard way.” 
“You wouldn’t dare harm me, I will make sure my father hears of this and—” before she could finish threatening him she felt her satin slipper come off with a small tug as his head dipped down to inspect her foot.
After a brief inspection he glanced up at her, “Take off your stocking.” 
“This is the inside of enough! I demand you stop this nonsense right now and escort me back home immediately. I will not tolerate this forward and rather odious behavior any longer,” she shrieked.
“Take it off now or I’ll do it for you,” he snarled threateningly. 
Noelle heard the precarious tone of his voice and knew he would make good on his threat if she didn’t comply. Her hands held her skirt stiffly as she snapped, “At least have the decency to look away.” Pierce complied and as she quickly went about removing her stocking as modestly as she could she barked, “I insist you tell me what this is all about and make it quick before I scream so loud your butler comes running.”
“That would not be advisable,” he warned without bothering to explain himself further. The minute she had removed the stocking from her foot he reached down to inspect it more fully. The minute he was done with his inspection he let her foot go and returned to standing. Noelle was just about to demand an explanation when she felt his strong hands grasp her shoulders and shove her back into the wall. She could’ve sworn that she saw flames leaping in his obsidian eyes, eyes that had somehow managed to grow darker with barely controlled anger. 
Pierce felt out of control as he leaned in so that his face was at eye level with hers, “Who are you and what have you done with Noelle?”
“I told you that I am Noelle…I’m not sure what this is all about.”
“Oh aren’t you? I have a feeling you’re hiding something and I want to know what.”
Noelle swallowed hard, unsure of how to respond. She knew at that precise moment that he knew she wasn’t the girl he had spent time with the last couple of weeks, but a battle warred inside of her on what she should tell him. She was terrified to admit her plotting and scheming that had led her to this moment. She was terrified to admit to the truth for fear of the ramifications. 
He watched her closely, noting the indecision flitting across her face. She was hiding something and he wanted answers. “I’m warning you, tell me what you know now or you’ll regret the day you were born.”
The only words that she managed to squeak through her dry lips were, “How did you know?”
“Oh, besides your sudden change in personality and behavior?” She managed a small nod and he continued, “The proof I needed was on your foot.”
“My foot?” She asked quizzically. 
“Yes your foot. The real Noelle has an elongated heart shaped birthmark on the arch of her foot that matches the birthmark her father, the earl, has on his forearm.”
Noelle remembered her father’s birthmark well, though she hadn’t had many occasions to see it over the years since fashion dictated that his arms were usually covered in long sleeves. She remembered walking into his study when she was a little girl and watching him sitting at his massive desk, his shirt sleeves rolled up revealing his arms as he wrote. She would wait until he noticed her and invited her to come sit in his lap before crawling up and making herself comfortable while he explained his correspondence to her. She had often commented on the heart shaped birthmark that branded his arm, asking why she hadn’t been given her very own heart. He would just laugh and tell her that she was lucky that she didn’t have such imperfections marring her beautiful porcelain skin before telling her that God had given her a fine heart all her own but he had kept it hidden in her chest where it could be protected from the world. 
She hadn’t ever known that Hope had a similar birthmark on her foot, but then again, she had never had occasion to inspect the bottom of her foot and briefly wondered when the duke would’ve had such an occasion to do so. She wasn’t sure what it was all about or if it was all just some bizarre coincidence that Hope had a birthmark that apparently matched her father’s, but what she did know was that somehow that mark, or lack thereof, had given her away. Pierce knew she wasn’t the same girl he had been keeping company with the past few weeks and he was furious for her deception. 
Pierce softly pushed her once more against the wall, his grip tightening tentatively on her slim shoulders, “Please, I need the truth.”
“Maybe it’s best if we both sit down.”


Chapter 23

Pierce silently congratulated himself on his patience as he watched Noelle move to the settee, for all he wanted to do was to shake her until she gave him the information he yearned for. He refused to sit, instead opting to stand in front of her, his hands clenched in tight fists at his sides.
“My patience wears thin, I’d recommend you spit out the truth and make it quick,” he warned. 
Noelle cleared her throat and tried to gather her thoughts before tentatively beginning, “Your grace, this whole misunderstanding is all my fault. You see, I am indeed Noelle Parrish. The girl you’ve been spending time with was merely my lady’s maid, or at least she was.”
“Impossible!” he roared, “I said I wanted the truth and I very well meant it.”
“No, it is the truth. I know it sounds preposterous but if you’d only let me explain than you might understand. Her name is Hope Hillburn and she’s been my maid for the last several years. This whole thing started before I ever knew about you and the…uh, the arrangement you and my father had made.”
“What thing?”
“You see I met this man by chance, an American who caught my fancy,” Noelle had to stop and wipe and a stray tear that had escaped the corner of her eye. It was more painful than she imagined speaking of Soren but the callous look on the duke’s face implored her to continue, “I knew there was no way I could possibly manage to meet with him unless I did something drastic. That’s when I noticed the odd resemblance between Hope and myself. I begged then nearly commanded her to take my place so I could sneak out of the house disguised as her, a mere servant, and meet with him.”
Pierce’s jaw was clenched tight as Noelle watched a muscle twitch in aggravation. He finally sat down in a nearby chair before running a hand through his thick hair. “I swear to you that if you’re lying to me you will live to regret the day I ever met your father and won your hand in marriage.”
Noelle nervously gnawed on her bottom lip as she shook her head back and forth frantically, “You have my word that this is all true. When my father finally told me of the arrangement he had made with you I was furious. I left that night to go tell the man, the American,” she could still not bring herself to say his name, “what had happened. That’s when he offered to take me away to America and make me his wife. I knew I had to convince Hope to take my place permanently.”
Pierce snorted, “And of course, what servant wouldn’t jump at the chance to act as a lady and marry a duke?” He could’ve sworn he saw red flashing behind his eyes. He felt angry and sick all at once as he realized that he had been foolish enough to fall into the same trap as before. It was a different woman but the same story—she had been out to marry him for his title and his wealth. Maybe her motives had been different than Eliza’s had but the end result was the same. When the anger finally subsided he hung his head in his hands and stared at the ground feeling utterly and completely defeated. It was as if his heart had stopped beating and his reason for living had disappeared with the elusive Hope. He groaned at the irony of her name, for at one time she had given him hope and now that he knew the truth it was as if she had taken that hope and dashed it into a million pieces. 
Noelle watched Pierce slump in the chair and wished she could know what he was thinking. The silence stretched out before them in painfully long minutes. She could hear the clock on the mantle ticking away the seconds and she thought she just might go crazy if she had to listen to the repetitious sound much longer. Finally she cleared her throat and said, “If you truly believe that about Hope then you don’t know her at all.”
Turning dark, cold eyes on her he spoke, “Apparently I didn’t know her at all, I didn’t even know her real name for crying out loud. And you—you were going to let me marry a servant while you gallivanted off to another country with some foreign man all to satisfy some selfish desire. Did you think about anyone but yourself?”
Noelle reared back as guilt flooded and consumed her. She had been selfish, not realizing the extent to which her decisions were affecting anyone else. 
“You would never have known had I not come back.”
“And why did you come back? Did this illustrious American decide he’d had enough of you?”
Though Noelle knew he had every right to sound upset and bitter, his coldness still managed to surprise her. She took a deep breath and tried to will down the lump of emotion clogging her throat, “No, he died, so I had no choice but to come back. There was no life for me without him and the only thing I knew to do was to come back to the life I had left behind.”
“And poor Hope was probably devastated to have to give up the life of luxury and ease you had so generously bestowed upon her.”
Noelle had had enough, “Stop that! You are talking about her as if she’s some cold-hearted, gold-digging wretch.”
He looked at her, one eyebrow raised insolently, “Isn’t she, aren’t all women?”
“No, I mean I can’t speak for all women but I can speak for her. You’re acting as if she jumped at the opportunity to take on the role of lady and it was actually quite the opposite. I had to force her, almost threaten her to do me the favor. I knew I couldn’t just leave my family with the scandal my absence would’ve created so I convinced her to take my place. She never wanted any of it, the dresses, the balls, you.” 
For one blessed second, the insolence was wiped from his face so she took that for a good sign and continued, “I thought she’d be relieved when I came back to reclaim my life. I honestly would never have thought that something would’ve developed between the two of you, that you could have feelings for one another.” 
“No, it’s apparent that you don’t think much when making your decisions. I on the other hand have some thinking to do and it would be best if you left. I’ll have my driver take you home and in the meantime I’ll try to figure out a way out of this marriage. If there’s one thing I do know, it’s that I will never, never marry you.”
***
Pierce had spent the last two days moping around his house, refusing to leave the premises and refusing to accept any callers. He felt despondent in a way that he hadn’t felt in his entire life. He despaired when he thought of the future and what his life would be like without Hope. It still felt odd calling her that. Part of him was fiercely angry at the situation, at her for her perfidy. He couldn’t help but wonder what else was a lie between them and how much he really did know about her. 
Whenever he thought of the real Noelle his stomach turned sour and he wanted to hit something. He kept trying to contrive ways out of their engagement that wouldn’t make him look the fool. He knew that if a man were to cry off it could very well destroy the lady’s reputation beyond repair. Why he cared about Noelle’s reputation was beyond him, but he wanted to find a way out of the marriage with as little scandal as possible but he knew that now that the bann’s had been read that would be next to impossible. He entertained the idea of fleeing the continent. He could admit to himself that this desire to flee had crept into his thoughts a few too many times where Noelle Parrish was concerned but it was the only plausible and somewhat satisfying answer he had come up with yet. 
He looked up from his desk as he heard his butler enter the study. “Your grace, you’ve a visitor.”
“I said I wasn’t seeing anyone.”
“As you wish your grace,” but just as his butler bowed his head and turned to leave, Elliot marched through the door.
“I had a feeling you’d try to turn me away. Enough of this hiding, I haven’t seen you at White’s for days.”
Pierce shrugged his shoulders, “I haven’t been feeling very social.”
Elliot walked over and poured himself a brandy before coming to sit in the chair across from Pierce’s desk. He noted the shadow of stubble on his friends face and the tired look in his eyes. His attire was unusually unkempt and his hair looked as if it hadn’t been combed in days.
“I’m afraid to be the bearer of bad news, but you my friend, have seen better days.”
“Please accept my apologies; I hadn’t planned on entertaining today so I’m sorry if my appearance offends you.” 
Elliot leaned forward and placed his glass on the desk, “What’s wrong with you man? Has the magic of love already faded between you and Noelle?”
“She’s not my fiancée, I’m not marrying the chit.”
“What?! Are you serious? Have you finally decided to take my advice and cry off?”
“No, I mean it literally—that woman is not the girl I was going to marry.”
 “You mean she’s not acting like the girl you thought you were going to marry, right?”
“No, I mean that it’s not her.”
Elliot eyed him quizzically, “I think you better explain yourself.”
Taking a deep breath, Pierce pushed his chair back from the desk and propped his booted feet on his desk, both hands clasped behind his head as he began to recount the story. 
When he had finally finished explaining the tale Elliot had sprung to his feet and leaned over-animatedly across the desk attempting to get as close to his face as was possible, “Why the devil are you sitting here brooding when you should be out looking for the woman you love? I can guarantee you that if I thought even for a minute that I had a chance to find my love that I would be doing everything within my power to search her out and bring her back.” 
Pierce lowered both feet to the ground, shocked by the emotional outburst of his friend. He had never seen him so incensed. “Oh like you did with Felicity?”
Elliot’s voice turned cold and menacing, “You know that I did everything I could to find her, I searched everywhere.” Pierce instantly regretted asking when he saw the haunted look that flitted through his friends icy eyes and realized that he was being unfair. He remembered vividly the tortured weeks and months after Felicity’s mysterious disappearance when Elliot had spent days searching out any lead he could find that might possibly give him a clue as to where she had gone. He had left no rock unturned in his search for her and had never been the same when he failed to discover her whereabouts. 
“This is different,” Pierce reasoned.
“You’re right, it is different. It’s different because you’re different. I wouldn’t be so foolish to the let the best thing that had happened to me slip away without a fight. At least I had the gumption and the conviction to search for who I loved. At least I can feel peace knowing I did everything I could to find her.”
“Is that what you’ve felt all these years, peaceful?”
“Lud no!” Elliot exclaimed, “But imagine how much worse I would feel if I hadn’t done anything. You’re a bigger fool than I thought if you won’t even bother putting up a fight. People like you don’t deserve the love of a good woman. I would give up everything that I have just to spend one more day with Felicity.” He scrutinized Pierce one final time before turning and making his exit before his uncontrolled emotions could embarrass him any further.


Chapter 24

Despite Elliot having called him a fool, Pierce didn’t feel like one at all. He may be foolish at times but he wasn’t consumed with stupidity like most men of his sex. At least that’s what he kept telling himself as feelings of foolishness washed over him in waves. The loss he felt was akin to losing a limb, only worse. At least when one lost a limb, one could eventually adapt to the loss but Pierce knew that he would never be able to adapt to the loss of Hope. 
When thinking of his future only brought more misery and visions of endless years of loneliness and heartache he decided that he had to do something. He couldn’t bear the thought of never seeing Hope again, if nothing he at least had some questions that he needed answered. He quickly instructed Tucker to pack his bags as he made arrangements to go after Hope.
His first stop was at the Brattondale’s residence. He pulled his watch fob out and glanced at his timepiece noting it was rather late in the evening. Most likely the Brattondale’s would be at some society function but he silently prayed that that wouldn’t be the case. When their butler let him in he handed him his card and was relieved when he was told that Noelle was in. He was shown to the drawing room to await her presence.
When Noelle finally arrived, Pierce rose, not even bothering with formalities, “Where did Hope go, how can I find her?”
“You’re going to go to her?” Noelle asked, surprisingly pleased by this.
“Just tell me where I can find her, there are some things I need to say to her.”
“She told me she was going back to Shepard’s Bush to stay with her mother.”
“Do you recall her mother’s name?”
Noelle tapped one finger against her chin, “Let me see if I can recall…Martha? No…Marianne? That doesn’t sound right…ah ha! It’s Matilde!” She was pleased that she could recall the name and hoped with everything in her that the duke would be able to find her, if only to keep her from marrying him and spending her life locked in a miserable marriage with a man that despised her.
Without any further conversation, not even a thank you, Pierce was off practically jogging to his carriage so he could be on his way. He was grateful beyond relief to know that he wouldn’t have to journey far to find her. He still wasn’t completely sure what he was going to do or say once he found her—he desperately wanted to believe that she hadn’t been like Eliza and was only after him for his title and wealth. He thought back to her actions and their conversations and he had to admit that that description didn’t fit the girl he had come to know and love. Hadn’t she been appalled when he told her of Eliza’s reasons for wanting to marry him? He remembered Noelle’s conviction that she hadn’t really wanted to participate in the charade but that Noelle had practically had to force her to do it. Maybe he could scratch that concern off of his list.
That still left him with a few other concerns, like the fact that he was engaged to Noelle Parrish and that the banns had already been read, or the fact that Hope was merely a servant girl, not someone who he could acceptably marry. He laid his head back against the plush seats of his carriage and closed his eyes and groaned. The situation seemed impossible and the more he thought about it the more it frustrated him. He must’ve dozed off for a bit because the next thing he remembered was waking slowly as he realized the carriage was slowing as they entered Shepard’s Bush. He looked around at the sparse houses and figured it shouldn’t be too hard to find the Hillburn’s residence. He reached up and tapped on the ceiling indicating his driver to stop.
Pierce jumped out of the carriage at the first house they came to, knowing he probably appeared crazy calling on strangers at such a late hour in the evening but now that he was so close to her nothing was going to stop him. He knocked on the door and cringed as he felt the first drops of rainfall pour down from the ominous looking sky. He reached up and pounded once more on the door, impatient to get out of the rain. 
When the door finally opened a burly man appeared with a leery look on his face, “Can I help you sir?”
“Yes, at least I hope so. I’m looking for Matilde Hillburn, can you direct me to her house?”
The man’s face instantly turned sorrowful, “I’m afraid you’re too late.”
“Too late? Has she moved?”
“Alas she has, right up to heaven to be with the angels. She passed on a fortnight ago.”
Pierce’s heart ached for Hope and her loss. “Do you know what has happened to her daughter Hope?”
The man shook his thick head, causing his double chin to wobble back and forth, “I haven’t seen the lass for years in all honestly, last I had heard she had gotten a post with some fancy lady, daughter of an earl I believe.”
“Does she have any other family around these parts or anywhere else that you are aware of?”
“Why are you asking? Is she in some kind of trouble?” The man was beginning to get suspicious.
“No, no, she’s just—an old friend of mine and I was hoping to catch up with her on my way through.”
“Oh, in that case nay, she had no family besides her mother, God rest her soul.”
Pierce tried not to let his frustration show, “Well thank you sir for your help.” 
By the time Pierce was back inside his carriage he was soaked through almost to the skin. His dark hair was dripping rain onto his face and down his nose. He didn’t even bother reaching up to wipe it away, instead he instructed his driver to continue on. He wasn’t sure what his next move would be, the only lead he had had gone cold and he was at a loss for where she could’ve gone with no family to turn to. 
A few miles down the road Pierce spotted an inn and quickly tapped on the ceiling. The thought of a warm fire and a mug of ale was too tempting to pass up. He was freezing cold in his wet clothes and figured a drink in front of a fire was just what he needed as he planned his next move in his search for Hope.  
The warmth of the inn enveloped him the minute he walked through its doors. He was greeted by a slender middle aged man with little hair remaining on his pointy head. “Can I help you? Would you like a room?”
“Thanks but no, I’m just passing through and was hoping to get a mug of ale and warm myself by the fire for a time.”
“Maggie will take care of you.” Just then a plump red-headed serving girl sidled up to Pierce, her unwashed body pressed too close for comfort. He gave her an unsure smile before indicating he’d like the table closest to the hearth and a mug of ale.
The girl, Maggie, leaned in close, “Are you sure that’s all I can get you milord?” she asked flirtatiously. 
“Quite, thank you.” He turned and stalked off to his table missing completely the pout that overcame her face at his dismissal. 
It was a rare thing for Maggie to be dismissed so easily. The gentlemen that came through didn’t always take her up on her offer of sharing their bed but they at least had the courtesy to flirt with and compliment her. This man had done neither and it irked her. She huffed back into the kitchen and turned to the new girl that had been hired to clean and clear tables in between cleaning the rooms they let out as well as scrubbing the chamber pots, “Take this mug out to the man by the fire, I want nothing to do with the likes of him.”
The girl turned and gingerly grabbed the mug, struggling not to roll her eyes at Maggie’s tantrum. In the short time she had known her she knew she could be moody and temperamental especially where men were concerned.  Turning, she used her shoulder to open the door and began walking towards the fireplace. She saw the man sitting, his back to her as he warmed his hands before the fire. His shoulders were broad and his dark hair appeared wet, as well as his clothes that were plastered to his well sculpted body. As she drew nearer she exhaled the breath she hadn’t realized she had been holding. She moved silently across the floor, balancing the mug in her small hand but somehow the man still sensed her presence. He turned when she was just a few steps away from him and she gasped, almost letting the mug of ale drop to the floor. 
Pierce inhaled sharply as he looked into familiar amber eyes that haunted his dreams. “Noelle?” he managed to squeak out. He watched as she quickly slammed the mug of ale down on the table causing the frothy liquid to splash down the sides of the mug and onto the table then turned and practically started running back towards the kitchen.
He watched her retreating form in shock, goodness she was so beautiful. He stood and in a few long paces he was directly behind her, realizing he had called her the wrong name he tried again, “Hope?” 
He watched as her shoulders stiffened, but at least she had stopped running from him. Hope closed her eyes, she had thought she’d never see Pierce again but here he was in the flesh, even more handsome than she remembered. She longed to turn around and throw herself into his arms and beg him to take her away, to still love her but she knew she couldn’t do that. He was engaged to Noelle, possibly even married to her by now. The thought made her heart break in pieces all over again. 
She had thought that her heart couldn’t break any further when she had been forced to flee London after Noelle’s return, but upon her arrival in Shepard’s Bush she had learned that her mother had passed away and her grief felt insurmountable. She had been forced to find work quickly to provide food and shelter for herself and the inn had proved a perfect fit. She had thought to provide a new life for herself where she could work long, dreary hours and put her past completely behind her. She never for a minute thought that the past would find her there.
She couldn’t bring herself to turn and look into Pierce’s face. She knew if she did, she’d be lost so instead she kept her back turned to him, her eyes averted. “Why are you here?”
“I came to find you, I have so many questions. Will you please at least look at me?”
When it became clear that she wasn’t going to turn, Pierce walked in front of her and gently cupped her chin in his hand and raised her face to meet his, “I know who you really are.”
“So you know that I’m merely a low class servant?” She desperately wanted him to tell her that it didn’t matter, that he had come to marry her anyway but the look on his face told her that he wouldn’t. Instead he merely nodded. Adopting a business like tone to mask the crushing pain she said, “You said you had so many questions and you’ve yet to ask a single one. I must get back to work so please be brief.” 
Pierce cleared his throat, “Why did you do it?”
“I had to, I had no other option. Well I suppose I did but that would’ve left Lord Brattondale and his family in disgrace and I felt that burden rested solely on my shoulders. I begged Noelle to stay but she’s impetuous and wouldn’t listen. I’m so sorry for the shame I must’ve caused you.”
Pierce was astounded; he couldn’t believe she was apologizing to him, if anything Noelle was the one who should be apologizing for putting them both in this impossible position. He heard the tremble of emotion in her voice though she tried to remain strong and he ached to reach out and pull her into his chest, to stroke her hair and to tell her he would make everything alright, the problem was he couldn’t make that promise, he had yet to figure out a solution and couldn’t guarantee he could fix the dilemma. He had never felt so helpless.
Despite the fact that he couldn’t offer her anything he was just about to pull her into his arms anyway when they were both startled by loud pair of footsteps echoing off of the wood floor. They both turned in unison to see who had interrupted their solitude when the man in question came to a sudden halt. He was weary and pale and the sight of them seemed to put him into a shock, his mouth falling open and his eyes widening.
Without saying a word, the man rushed forward and pulled Hope into his arms just as Pierce was about to do. He stood back and watched in horrified shock as the man began patting her face and exclaiming, “My love, oh my love, I never thought I’d see you again.” The man then leaned forward and placed his lips on Hope’s in an intimate kiss full of longing. Pierce felt his gut wrench and thought he might be ill at the sight. He stormed over to the table where his mug of ale was sitting and slammed down a coin before grabbing his coat and racing out of the door. 
Hope reeled back when the stranger finally released her, feeling violated and confused. When her eyes regained focus she took in his appearance and gasped, “Soren?”
He reached for her once more and made to kiss her once again but this time she was prepared for it and pushed back roughly against his chest. “No, this is a mistake, I’m not who you think…”
Soren stood back and assessed her long and hard through squinted eyes, “You’re not my Noelle, of course you’re not…I should’ve known, I mean it’s just that…are you Hope?”
Hope was surprised he knew her name, he must be smarter than she gave him credit for. She glanced at the door that Pierce had just exited and then back to Soren, debating if she should go after him or stay and figure out why Soren was suddenly here in Shepard’s Bush and alive no less. 
Before she could decide what to do Soren was speaking again, “Have you seen my wife, do you know where she is?”
Hope’s head snapped around, “Your wife?”
“Yes, Noelle, your former mistress.” 
“I know who Noelle is, I just didn’t know that you and her, that you—she’s your wife?” she finally managed to ask. She wasn’t sure how many more surprises she could handle in one day.
“Yes, we rode off to Gretna Green once we were informed that there had been a delay in sailing to America. We figured we couldn’t wait any longer, young love and all.” A small smile quirked at the corners of his mouth.
Hope still had a thousand questions she wanted to ask him, like why he wasn’t dead, but first she knew she had to get to Pierce. “Pardon sir, but there’s something I must do.” And with that she lifted her skirts and ran for the door. 
The minute Hope was outside of the inn she paused briefly, just long enough to let her eyes adjust to the darkness. She glanced around quickly, her heart racing in her chest, hoping she wasn’t too late. She turned and saw Pierce just as he was about to step into his carriage. Without thinking she ran to him and grabbed furiously at his coat, pulling him back to the ground. 
He turned on her, a look of anger and pain etched on his face, “What do you want? I can see I came too late.”
“No, you don’t understand!”
“Oh really? I’m sure my eyes wouldn’t lie to me, I know what I saw and I’m sorry to have bothered you.” 
He turned to his carriage once more but Hope reached out and grabbed a fistful of coat in her hand but he jerked it free and disappeared into the confines of the carriage. Hope wanted to scream but instead she did the only thing she could and followed him in. She sat directly across from him and said, “You have to listen to me, that man in there is Noelle’s husband.”
She waited and watched for understanding to dawn before saying, “You can’t marry Noelle, if you haven’t already. Oh please, tell me you haven’t already gone through with it!”
They sat in silence then all of a sudden Pierce began laughing. Hope looked at him curiously, “What’s so funny? I don’t understand.”
“You mean I don’t have to marry that selfish wench?”
“I mean you can’t. It would appear that she is already married. That man in there is the American Noelle ran off with and apparently they eloped to Gretna Green before they were set to sail. She thought he had died so she returned to reclaim her life and to marry you. She has no idea. Oh Pierce, we must tell her.”
Feeling happier than he had felt since he had last been with Hope at Ridgecrest Manor he readily agreed, “Yes, we must.”


Chapter 25

Pierce couldn’t wipe the silly grin off of his face the entire way back to Mayfair. The American sat in the seat across from him in his carriage while Hope sat right next to him. He felt her leg pressing against his and he couldn’t stop his body from reacting to her presence. 
The drive was relatively short and all three passengers were completely lost in their own thoughts. Hope sat nervously chewing on her bottom lip, trying to ignore the press of Pierce’s muscular thigh against her own. Every bounce of the carriage threw their bodies into further contact with one another and it was enough to distract her from almost anything else. She was nervous and unprepared for the scene that was sure to take place at the Parrish residence. Noelle’s secret was going to come out for her entire family to know and she doubted the earl would be the slightest bit pleased to hear of the charade and to learn that his only daughter was wed to an untitled American. She cringed at the thought of facing the earl and what his reaction would be.
Soren watched out the window in deep thought, his excitement at seeing his beloved Noelle almost more than he could contain, though if he was being honest with himself, he was more than apprehensive about meeting and explaining himself to her father, the earl.
Pierce was by far the most jovial of all, though each of them kept their thoughts and feelings to themselves. It was as if all of his prayers had been answered when the man named Soren had shown up at the inn tonight. Relief was too tame a word to describe the feelings he felt at learning he would no longer be honor bound to marry Noelle. His heart soared with that knowledge; he was now free to do as he wished. He knew that it was not socially acceptable or fitting of his position as the Duke of Kerrington to take a common serving girl for a wife, but seeing Hope tonight and feeling his heart swell with love and longing at the sight of her made him not give a fig about any of those expectations placed upon him.
He couldn’t wait to be alone with her, to kiss her warm mouth and to proclaim his love for her. Then he’d arrange their own trip to Gretna Green so he could make her his wife as quickly as possible, consequences and all. He knew the ramifications his actions would have in society would be immense, but neither him nor Hope were concerned with the ton and what they thought and he was sure as long as they had each other, they could weather any storm.  
As soon as they pulled up in front of the Earl of Brattondale’s townhouse, Soren stepped out of the carriage and Pierce promptly turned to Hope, taking her face into his hands, “Ah minx, there’s so much that we need to talk about. Let’s just get through this and then we need to find somewhere to be alone, somewhere we can have a discussion.” Pierce leaned forward and brushed her lips briefly with his own,  withdrawing quickly before he could let the fire that sparked between them ignite and consume him. He helped her from the carriage and the three of them went to the door and knocked, waiting for the butler to answer.
As soon as the butler opened the door he brusquely insisted it was too late for company and tried to rudely shoo them away. Pierce held firm and said, “We realize it’s late but we are here on urgent business. I recommend you inform Lady Noelle that we are here at once, and you might think to inform the earl as well.”
“But your grace, they’ve all retired for the night.”
“Trust me when I say that I’m well aware of the late hour and that I don’t care. See that they are woken at once or I’ll do it myself.” When the butler realized the seriousness of his threat he quickly, if not agitatedly complied. 
Pierce, Soren, and Hope were shown to the drawing room to wait while the servants went to rouse the house’s occupants. Barely ten minutes went by before the earl came storming through the door bellowing, “What is the meaning of all this?”
The three of them rose from their positions as Noelle came up behind her father, rubbing her eyes sleepily before focusing them on the guests in front of her. The minute her eyes settled on Soren’s she began to swoon. Soren ran forward just in time to catch her as she gave out completely. 
Lord Brattondale watched in shock then turned to Pierce, “Who is this man and what are you doing paying a call at my house in the bloody middle of the night?” Then turning to Hope he said, “And you! How dare you show your face in this house after you just up and ran off with a stable boy? If you’re here to attempt to collect any money you have another thing coming.”
Pierce stepped forward and said amusedly, “Lord Brattondale, allow me to introduce you to your son-in-law, Soren Johannsen.”
The earl’s mouth repeatedly opened and shut, apparently at a loss for words. Just then Noelle began to come to and he leaned down and took her out of Soren’s arms and placed her on the settee. “Tell me what’s going on here, is this some kind of joke?”
Ignoring everyone around her, Noelle had eyes only for Soren. She turned to him, her face as white as a sheet and said, “I thought you were dead.”
He sat by her and gingerly took her hand in his, “Oh my love, I can’t even begin to tell you how good it is to see you.”
“Likewise, but I don’t understand.” 
“The men who beat me down at the docks had left me for dead, apparently I was so horrific they were convinced I was done for and fled, leaving me behind. I eventually came to and believe me when I say that I wished I had been dead. Luckily one of the other ships captains found me and was kind enough to take me onboard where his surgeon ministered to me. They were gracious enough to keep me for a few days before they had to leave port. By then I was able to get around some and the captain helped move me to an inn where I was able to recover more fully. As soon as I was physically able I came looking for you, I knew I had to see you and let you know I was alive.”
Noelle reached one hand up to touch his face as if to convince herself that he really was alive and not just some figment of her imagination. Her hand trembled and she began to weep as Soren pulled her close and held her to his chest. 
Lord Brattondale looked as if he was ready to explode and with barely concealed anger he turned to his daughter and said, “Explain yourself now child before I lose my temper.”
Noelle reluctantly let go of Soren, though her hand never left his, and turned to her father, fearful to look into his angry face. “Father, please don’t be angry with me and I’ll tell you.”
“It’s a little too late for that Noelle, I’m far beyond angry and if you don’t get to the point soon you will all regret it.”
Taking a steadying breath she continued, “This man is Soren Johannsen, my husband.”
“What? How can that be, you’re engaged to Kerrington!” His eyes were bugging and a vein was bulging on his forehead.
“No father,” she replied timidly, “when you were told that my lady’s maid, Hope, ran away it was really me that had done so. I contrived to have her stay behind and disguise as me so that I could sail to America with Soren and become his wife.”
Lord Brattondale abruptly turned and began stalking towards Hope, his face darkening with unmasked anger, “You! How dare you allow my daughter to do something so foolish? How could you stand by and allow her to ruin her life?” He took a quick breath and forged ahead, not allowing Hope to get a word in edgewise, “You only thought of yourself didn’t you? How perfect that a titled lady would run off and leave everything to you, you selfish child, you unforgivable wench, you will pay for this!”
The next event occurred so quickly at first nobody was sure exactly what had happened until they saw the earl pinned up against the wall by Pierce, one arm wedged between the earl’s fleshy chin and nonexistent neck as he leaned forward and spat angrily while the rest of them watched on in complete and utter shock. “You watch your tongue. You do not even begin to understand what you are talking about, your daughter is the selfish child, not Hope. Your daughter was the one who practically forced her into this impossible situation knowing she would do it to save your family from disgrace. If you are to be angry at anyone, let it be your precious daughter, for she is the true instigator of this offence. And furthermore, you should consider yourself lucky that she is wed to that man because if not I would not hesitate to cry off from marrying her and believe me, I would make sure to leave her reputation in worse repair then her marriage to an American will.”
Lord Brattondale’s eyes were wide with shock as he gasped, “You can’t be serious.”
“Oh but I’ve never been more serious in all of my life.” 
When Pierce finally let the hold he had on the earl go, Lord Brattondale sank into the nearest chair and allowed his head to fall forward into his fleshy hands. He shook his head back and forth as he muttered, “What am I going to do? How could this have happened?”
Just then, Hope gingerly walked over to where he was sitting. She tentatively reached one hand forward and laid it on the earl’s shoulder in an attempt to sooth him. “I apologize for my actions, milord. I was truly doing what I thought best given the circumstance. Noelle was bound and determined to go through with her plans whether I agreed to participate in the deception or not. I had hoped to save your family the heartache and scandal that her actions would’ve caused. I know I can’t justify my actions but I hope that you can understand my intent.”
The earl slowly raised his head to look at her and just as he began to speak he gasped, “Where did you get that necklace?”
Hope let her hand drop from his shoulder as she quickly reached up to enclose the ruby pendant that hung around her neck, “It was given to me by my mother.”
With a swiftness that defied his girth, Lord Brattondale rose and took both of her shoulders into his hands. “That’s impossible! I had that necklace commissioned for my wife for our first anniversary. It was most likely the simplest piece of jewelry she owned but it was true to her form, for she much preferred the simplicity of this pendant to the gaudiness of the other family jewels.”
Hope’s face had gone ashen, “No, that’s impossible. Perhaps it’s just similar.”
He reached forth and without permission clasped the pendant and turned it over and pointed out the initials F.P. engraved into the delicate gold. “F.P. Fiona Parrish—I’m positive this was her necklace. How did you acquire it? Did you steal it?”
“Of course not milord, I swear to you that my mother gave it to me. I honestly can’t tell you how or where she acquired it but I can tell you that I’m positive she didn’t steal it, she’s never even been to your home.”
“What’s your mother’s name and where is she?”
Pierce stepped forward then, coming to stand right next to Hope. “Her mother was Matilde Hillburn, she just recently passed on.” He reached over and squeezed Hope’s hand ignoring the questioning look she gave him. 
Lord Brattondale looked thoughtful for a few minutes before recognition sank in and he whirled on Hope once more, “I remember that name! Your mother was a midwife that came to help with the delivery of our children. I paid her handsomely, but apparently she felt the need to compensate her wages by pilfering from my wife’s jewels.”
“You must be mistaken, my mother was never a midwife. Maybe you are confusing her with somebody else.”
“Maybe you are the one who is confused child. Now hand over the necklace and I’ll agree not to press charges, seeing as how she is dead and all.”
Hope reluctantly did as he bade, unsure of what else she could do. Pierce watched her knowing that her heart was breaking at having to give up the only thing she had left of her mother. When Lord Brattondale had slid the necklace into his pocket, patting it with one plump hand, he turned to them once more. Pierce put one hand up in objection, “Please, not another word. We have no further business here so if you don’t mind, we will depart and leave you to get acquainted with your new son-in-law.” 
Turning, he bowed his head slightly towards Noelle and Soren, then Pierce grabbed Hope’s hand and led her out into the dark, starless night and into the safety of his carriage where he instantly pulled her into his arms. He felt her body go limp and shake with sobs he was sure she had been trying hard to conceal.  He said nothing as he held her and soothed her, knowing she just needed time.
He had instructed his driver to take them back to his townhouse and the ride was a short one. When the carriage came to a halt he turned her in his arms so that he could look into her face. Though it was cast in shadows, he could still make out the sadness and confusion that marred her beautiful features. “My darling, I’m so sorry for all you’ve had to endure. I will get you a new necklace, an exact replica if you like.”
She shook her head, “No, it wouldn’t be the same.”
“You’re right, it wouldn’t but I’m not sure what else to do.”
She smiled faintly then, “You don’t have to do a thing, it isn’t your problem to fix.”
“Of course it is. Anything involving you is my concern.” Just then the carriage door was swung open. Hope wiped the tears from her face with the back of her hand than allowed Pierce to assist her down from the carriage. 
Hope felt exhaustion overcome her as they entered his house. He led her to the parlor where he knelt to prod the embers in the fire then turning to her he said, “Have a seat, I’ll ring for tea.”
“Don’t bother, it’s the middle of the night and I’m sure your servants won’t appreciate the imposition.”
“Nonsense, they are employed by me to do my bidding day or night and right now I’m more concerned with your well being then with interrupting their sleep.”
“Really Pierce, I don’t mind. Right now I’d just like some sleep, I feel so exhausted.”
He turned to his butler, “Please make sure the yellow room is readied for her and that a fire is going.” Simon nodded and left.
As soon as they were alone Hope turned to him, “I can’t stay here and you know it, it wouldn’t be proper.”
“You’re right, it wouldn’t. I guess you’ll just have to marry me to save your reputation.”
“You can’t be serious, you know you can’t marry me.” 
Pierce was beside her in two quick steps, “There’s no law against it, and besides, I’m a grown man who can and will make his own decisions.”
“But the scandal it would cause—“ He cut her off by placing one finger over her parted lips. 
“I told you, I don’t care. The scandal will be nothing in comparison to living forever without you, I won’t do it. I love you Hope.” And then to prove it, he bent down and replaced his finger with his lips on hers, kissing her with all of the emotion he felt inside for her.
As always she willingly participated, seeking out his shoulders with her hands as she reached up and wrapped them around his neck. He wrapped his own hands around her waist and pulled her flush with his body, marveling at the differences between them. He was much taller and larger than her but she still fit perfectly in his arms. Her body was supple and soft and filled with delicate curves while his was hard and muscular. He had never kissed someone with so much longing before and he knew if he wasn’t careful he’d give into his intense desires for this woman whom he dearly loved. When he pulled away from her satin lips she groaned, which nearly undid him but he took a step back to distance his body from her intoxicating charms.
“We’re going to Scotland tomorrow and I won’t take no for an answer.”
Hope laughed, “We’ll talk—tomorrow.” She went forward and brushed his strong jaw with her hand, “I love you Pierce.”
“And I love you, my minx.” Then he reluctantly showed her to the yellow bedchamber where she could lock the door against his ardent desires, hoping that would be enough to keep her safe from him.


Chapter 26

Though Hope was extremely tired, the minute she was tucked into the luscious butter yellow silk sheets and her head had hit the pillow, her mind wouldn’t seem to shut down. She was so disturbed by the accusations the earl had thrown against her mother. She knew there had to be some mistake because as far as she knew, her mother had never even been outside of Shepard’s Bush. She had always been a homebody and somewhat of a recluse, refusing to leave the house unless it was absolutely necessary. She was friendly enough to their neighbors and she had always been an adoring mother but that’s where her association with others ended. 
Hope turned restlessly onto her other side, cramming the down pillow further under her head in an attempt to get comfortable. She eventually turned onto her back and stared up at the yellow canopy overhead and that’s when she remembered the letter her mother had written her. She sat up with a start, the night her mother had given it to her along with the ruby necklace, she had made her promise not to open it until the time was right, insisting that she’d know when that was. Hope had tucked it away with the remainder of her few belongings when she had taken on Noelle’s identity and she regretfully admitted that she hadn’t given it a second thought since.
She scurried out of bed and walked over to the fireplace where she grabbed a tapered candle and bent near the flames to light it. When the candle was lit, she rose and moved quietly towards her satchel of belongings that represented everything she owned besides the drab grey dress she had been wearing earlier. When she had gone back to the inn to get Soren, she had quickly informed Maggie that she had to leave before grabbing her few belongings to take with her. It didn’t take her long to rummage through the few possessions she owned to find the letter. She pulled the slightly wilted envelope out of the bag and held it close to the light coming off the candle as she turned it over and gently broke the red wax seal on the back. 
She carefully, almost reverently unfolded the letter then lowered her body into a chair and began reading:
My dearest Hope,
I know as I write this that my time on this earth is short. I don’t think I would have the courage to tell you the truth otherwise. First, I’d like you to know that you are the best thing that has ever happened to me, and despite my many sins, I loved you dearly. 
I’m at a loss for words as I try to tell you something I have never shared with another living soul and rarely thought of over the last twenty and one years of your precious life. I tried to forget about it completely as to not let it consume my happiness and fill my life with guilt, but despite my best attempts, I find that as I face the end of my life that no amount of ignoring the circumstance of your birth can cause me to forget that you were never truly mine, that you never really belonged to me.
Hope had to stop reading as she blinked in shock. She felt as if she was living a nightmare as she read her mother’s dreadful words. After a few minutes she began reading once more.
Growing up you’d often inquire about your father and I would always try to deflect you but you never gave up. I eventually told you that he died before you were born and that it was too painful for me to talk about but that wasn’t true. 
Before you were born I was working as a midwife and would often help assist in the deliveries of nobleman’s children. One such night I was summoned to the house of Lady Brattondale, Fiona Parrish, she was to deliver her second child and her labor had been long and intense. After many hours of pushing (the baby had been breech) she delivered a healthy baby girl. It became clear to us all then that she had lost too much blood and suffered too much because of the painful and complicated delivery. She was weak and as her maid was seeing to the child and helping Lady Brattondale view her new daughter, I continued to attend to her.
As I waited for her to deliver the afterbirth, I was shocked to see that she was actually birthing another child! She was so weak that she barely realized what was going on. I had always wanted a child of my own, having had the chance to witness the miracle of birth hundreds of times I longed with all of my heart to get to experience the love of a child for myself someday. Circumstances being what they were, I was getting along in years and knew that I would most likely never have the opportunity to marry and have children of my own.
In that moment a temptation came over me like none I have ever known before or since. I was alone in the room with a despondent Lady Brattondale while her maid had gone to inform the earl of the birth of his daughter. I knew that nobody would ever have to know about this second child and that if I was careful, I could claim it as my own. 
Please don’t hate me for my admission and for the horrible deed I did in taking you. It was a moment of great selfishness as my emotions warred within myself. I knew it could be the only chance I’d ever have to be a mother and my heart longed for that as it had longed for nothing before or since. I continued to do battle with myself, not sure what the outcome would be but as I watched Lady Brattondale slowly deteriorate and eventually slip away into death, my decision was made; I would not leave you to be raised motherless, no, I would raise you as my own. 
It wasn’t hard to hide you, you were a weak and sickly little thing who barely made a peep. I wrapped you in a blanket and hid you in the armoire while I continued to see to my duties. The household was in an uproar over the unexpected loss of its mistress so when it was time for me to go I was able to quickly and quietly sneak you out hidden amongst my basket of linens and supplies. 
Though I’ve regretted my deceit and know I have sinned greatly in taking what was not mine to take, I have never regretted having the opportunity to be your mother. You are a real lady, Hope, and though circumstances were meager, I tried to raise you as such—requiring you to learn to read and write and learn all the proper etiquette befitting a true lady. 
When the opportunity arose for you to become a lady’s maid for your sister, Lady Noelle, I was fearful but I knew I couldn’t refuse. It was the closest you’d ever be to the life you were born to live. My only hope was to be able to disguise you so they wouldn’t see the truth. 
I hope that you don’t hate me for my admission of wrongdoing. I hope that somewhere in your heart you can find to forgive me and to know that despite my horrendous actions, my intents were pure. I wanted so badly for you to have the love of a mother and I knew I could offer that to you, but you my dear child, offered me far more in return. You are the pride and joy of my heart and the love of my life. 
One last thing, the ruby pendant belonged to your mother, your real mother. She was wearing it the night she gave birth to you and Noelle and when she died I removed it from around her throat and placed it next to you in my basket. I wanted so badly for you to have something of your real mother. She was an angel who sacrificed her life to give you yours. In light of stealing her child, I figured stealing her necklace was the lesser sin.
Love, 
Your mother
Hope’s tears were flowing freely now, she was horrified to realize her whole life had been a lie. She wondered now how she could’ve foolishly accepted the fact that she and Noelle were almost identical in appearance without become suspicious of the resemblance. And why didn’t Noelle find that abnormally odd as well? 
She wanted so badly to be angry at her mother, no not her mother but Matilde, but she couldn’t find a place in her heart for anger past the hurt and confusion she felt. She agreed full-heartedly that it had been a grave sin for Matilde to steal a child from its home and rightful place in society, but she couldn’t say that she regretted her choice to do so. Because of her, she was raised by a woman, though not her mother by blood, but a mother in the truest sense of the word. Matilde had shown her unconditional love and acceptance and taught her that the character of a person was far superior to any title or wealth. Without her intervention, Hope would’ve been raised a Parrish, a spoiled daughter of the Earl of Brattondale. 
The last thought made her shudder; the earl was her father! She couldn’t wrap her mind around the fact that a man she barely knew and barely liked could be her father. And if he was her father that meant that Devon was her brother and Noelle was her sister, her twin. The thought of her newly revealed place in the Parrish family made her head spin. She wished she had someone to talk to, to sort through all of the confusion with. Then she remembered Pierce and knew she had to tell him at once.
She grabbed the candle and quickly went in search of Pierce, making sure she tread lightly so as not to arouse the servants. Once in the hall, she was grateful that he had had the foresight to tell her which room he was in incase she needed anything. She went to his door and knocked lightly with her free hand, her heart pounding loudly in her chest. When he didn’t answer she decided to knock harder, feeling slightly guilty about waking him but feeling more anxious to talk to him.
When the door finally swung open, Hope felt herself blush and tried to avert her eyes as she noticed he was wearing nothing but a pair of snug breeches he must’ve managed to pull on after he had heard her knock. 
“Is everything alright, Hope? What’s the matter?”
Hope looked up into his handsome face, his hair ruffled from sleep. He looked so warm and sleepy that she had to fight a strong desire to touch him, to curl up with him in bed and drift into a peaceful slumber. She was surprised at the inappropriateness of her thoughts and quickly gathered them back to the present. 
“No Pierce, nothing’s alright, everything is wrong.” Her lower lip trembled at her admission.
He reached forward and pulled her into the privacy of his bedchamber and shut the door behind her then gathered her into his arms. He was every bit as warm and delicious as she had imagined he would be. His naked arms engulfed her and stroked her back causing her to almost forget her reasons for coming to him in such an improper manor.
“You still love me, right?” Pierce asked, knowing that she must or she would never be standing in the dark with him alone in his room allowing his half-naked form to be holding her so tightly while she wore nothing but a thin linen nightgown. 
“Of course! But there’s something you must know.” She pulled back and thrust her mother’s letter at him. “Read this, it explains everything.”
Taking the letter and candle from her hand, he led her to a small table and chairs sitting in the corner of his room and sat while he read the letter. Hope watched him, wishing she could see better his expressions as he read the letter that had just devastated her so completely. 
He read it with amazing speed and when he looked up at her he said, “Incredible! This explains everything. We must inform the earl at once that you are his daughter.”
“Oh must we? It’s all so shocking, isn’t there anyway we can pretend like it’s not true?”
Pierce was thoughtful for a minute before he spoke. “Yes, if that’s what you’d like then that’s what we’ll do. But, you have a family now Hope. Don’t you want to know your brother and sister, your father?”
“You forget, I already do know them.”
“But not as a part of their family, your family.”
“Are you sure you’re not just trying to coax me into claiming my place as Lord Brattondale’s daughter so that you can marry an earl’s daughter, a real lady to save your reputation?”
Pierce laughed at her indignant expression then pulled her down onto his lap. “Of course not you silly minx. I thought I had made it quite clear that I’m marrying you, whoever you are, however you are.” He leaned in and placed a warm kiss on the curve of her neck and she sighed. “Besides, I’ve already bought you a wedding present and it can’t be returned.”
“Really, you got me a present?” 
“A beautiful writing desk where you can write all the fantastical stories your little heart desires. It’s downstairs in the parlor waiting for you.”
“Oh Pierce, it’s beautiful! I saw it when we were in there tonight but I never imagined it was for me.”
“I tried to give it to Noelle when I thought she was you. You should’ve seen the look on her face when I presented it to her.” Hope smiled, pretty sure she could conjure up a pretty accurate image.
“You do realize that you’ll have to forgive her now that she’ll be your sister-in-law don’t you?”
Pierce growled, “But it doesn’t mean I have to like her.”
“Oh don’t be so hard on her, she has a good heart she’s just never been raised to think of anyone other than herself. And besides, if she hadn’t concocted her foolish scheme, you would be married to her right now and we would never have met.”
“Well, if you put it that way I owe her a lot. Can you imagine how miserable I’d be married to that chit?”
“That chit is my sister, and no I can’t because I can’t imagine you with anyone else but me.”
Pierce wound his hands in her hair and pulled her face into his so that their noses were touching. “Good because you’re the only one for me,” he said. Then he kissed her.


Epilogue

Pierce watched anxiously as the double doors were pushed open to reveal Hope standing at the entrance of the chapel. The early morning sun beat down on her causing her golden hair to glow, matching the radiance that was basking from her very being. She had never looked more beautiful to him; her hair was upswept with a few loose curls framing her face with flowers interwoven throughout.  She was dressed in a silk dress of pale pink that enhanced the color in her cheeks, and in one hand she held a simple bouquet of pink roses while her other hand rested in the crook of her father’s arm as he prepared to walk her down the aisle. 
Her father, the Earl of Brattondale, had not simply taken their word on the matter when they had revealed to him the letter Matilde Hillburn had left behind explaining her abduction of his youngest child. At first he had insisted that they had forged the note so that Hope could acquire wealth and a titled family but Pierce challenged him to explain the odd resemblance between her and Noelle and when that still hadn’t convinced him, he bent over and inelegantly pulled Hope’s satin slipper from her foot and showed him the elongated heart shaped birthmark on her sole, the same birthmark that marred his arm.
Both the earl and Hope had been left speechless at this discovery, for she had never had occasion to see the earl’s bare forearm and had no idea that the mark existed. It was enough proof to convince the earl that he did indeed have another child. Slowly he came around to the idea, especially when he realized that his own offspring would be marrying a duke and the connections that would provide for his family. After the disappointment of Noelle’s marriage to a foreigner with no title, he latched onto the idea of having a daughter who would marry up in society with fervor.
Hope kept her eyes trained solely on Pierce the entire walk down the aisle. She couldn’t bring herself to glance away for even a minute, but she didn’t need to. She knew without looking who all was there; Caroline and Elliot were on the right, while on her left were Devon, Noelle, and Soren. Everyone in the whole world who mattered to her was in attendance and not a soul more, unless you included the priest, and the lack of guests wasn’t due to lack of curiosity. 
Once word had reached the ton of the scandalous behavior of Noelle and the shocking addition of a long lost daughter, the rumor mill had been running rampant. Everyone couldn’t stop talking about the lowly maid-turned-lady who had managed to steal the elusive Duke of Kerrington’s heart. They had all anxiously awaited their invites to what was sure to be the wedding of the season and they had all been hopelessly disappointed when one never came.
 But it was exactly the way that Pierce and Hope had wanted it, the two of them were all that mattered and the love they shared between them. Though if Pierce would’ve had it his way, he would’ve taken her to Gretna Green the day after he found her but his mother and the earl convinced him that there had already been enough scandal involving them and that a small but proper wedding would be the respectable thing to do. Pierce finally relented on one condition, that the wedding be held within a week. 
And now, barely a week after being reunited with his love, they were about to become husband and wife, never to be separated again. As the priest finally muttered the words, “I now pronounce you man and wife,” Pierce eagerly leaned forward to kiss his bride. As he sought out and found her soft lips and kissed her with all the love his soul possessed, he realized that he had waited his whole life for a kiss like this, for a woman like this and it felt like he had finally come home.


About the Author

Ginny Hartman has always loved writing, and when her love for the regency era blossomed she decided to combine the two, resulting in her first published novel, Deceiving the Duke of Kerrington, which became an Amazon Historical Romance bestseller.

Ginny’s favorite thing about writing is the escape it gives her and the people who read her stories. For a behind the scenes look at the creation of Deceiving the Duke of Kerrington as well as a sneak peak at her upcoming projects, visit her website www.creatingromance.blogspot.com

Besides writing, Ginny enjoys reading and spending time with her favorite people; her husband and three beautiful children. She also enjoys traveling the world with her husband and gaining inspiration for her books. She currently resides in Northern Idaho.
