Deceiving Appearances
Edenia Series
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2015
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Prologue 

The old female, Roberta sat by the fireplace with a fire roaring away bringing warmth in the room, from the cave dwelling she was in. 
She sat in an armchair patiently waiting while glancing at the video screened window that showed the setting sun over fire eaten ground. She heard noises of people coming into the room from eating dinner chattering away. 
She eyed her grandchildren who sat next to the fireplace. Their chatter talk, she overheard, talking about wanting to see the surface, living above ground, before the disaster of a fire destroyed everything, causing them to live underground, including in the seas on the bottom depths via caves and underwater domes, found and created by God's Seer, Nikolas himself. 
Roberta frowned sitting hearing the grandchildren's talk till they became silent and saw them gazing at the fire. She figured that they were daydreaming again. 
She spoke loudly "Grandchildren, I have a story to tell you so do you care to listen to it?"
Roberta eyed the grandchildren who shifted attention from the fireplace towards her. They gave her head bobs in the ancient Human style while focused onto her attentively. Roberta began her tale.

Story Begins:

The stranger yelled "Blast the horse!"
The horse he was on reared up nearly knocking him off her back. He kept a hand hold on the reins forcing him to stay on the horse's saddle. He gripped the reins tighter and forced the mare to stand despite rearing up on her back legs. 
The stranger eyed the bushes clustered around a tree gathered ahead in front of him. He eyed them with the moonlight shining overhead. 
He narrowed his eyes glaring at the bushes as they rumbled along with the gathering trees nearby. The rumbling was making his senses blare warning giving him a fearful feeling. He continued to stiffen as the bushes showed a group of men wearing masks over their torn armored clothes. 
They gave up "Surrender your gold or else!" 
The stranger Nikolas, wound up eyeing the bandits with disgust. He eyed the males that charged towards him while giving off sounds that made him think it related to cocking their arrows. 
He forced the horse to move by kicking her sides with his feet hearing her whinny sound of terror. Nikolas felt himself further disgusted as he looked behind him to see the bandits were giving chase on foot while shooting arrows aimed at him. He stiffened sensing that they were targeting his horse judging by the lowness of the arrows aiming towards her instead of him. 
He allowed the horse to have her head running through the bushes weaving around the trees till he heard a river sound. He guided her towards it due to knowing that the bandits would give up chase if he and the mare went into the water. 
He saw a short stone wall blocking his way in the distance urged the horse to jump over it. He found his order obeyed finding themselves falling into a river which he clung to the horse in a tight grip as they splashed underwater. 
Nikolas felt the horse swimming in the water from the feeling of sinking not felt as he and she reached the surface.
He heard the bandits on the shore, roar off sounds of frustrations to him behind him. As the mare reached the other side of the river and got out of the water. 
He looked behind him with frustration seeing the bandits on the river bank on the opposite side still roaring away while shooting arrows. He found their arrows were going into the water and appearing to avoid hitting him. 
He would have to take another route through the forest to get to his destination. 
Nikolas spoke out loud "Ouch, the bandits for ruining things." 
He heard a soft whinny sound from the horse gently patted her on the side.
Nikolas spoke out loud "It's servitude to the High Council I refused to do hence I on this blasted horse ride away from them. I don't care what people say I'm not showing up for that servitude to get into becoming an assassin by the High Council's teachers, I haven't met before. 
I refused to be used as an assassin of the High Council killing people, who displease the group. It's that I prefer a life of servitude to a female I haven't met before but kept on dreaming about named Georgina. 
Hence I on this horse ride away from the city of Elizabethan Town to the seaport of Janeiro, in hopes of finding that battleship on the seas containing Georgina. I couldn't get a ride out via vehicle or plane or anything like that despite using this horse I stole, from the natives fearful of hidden monsters sucking people's blood in the jungles. 
I'm stuck to use this horse as a means of travel to get to Janeiro a seaport city."
He quit his chatter, gently patted the horse on the side and urged her to follow the river bank a lengthy period of time till a bridge of stone came into view. He reached the other side and sighed forcing the horse to gallop in the forest. 
Till she halted the riding by rearing up again indicating Humans, bandits, hidden in the bushes waiting to pounce by the plants rumbling in front of them abruptly. 
He stiffened from the feeling of fear hitting him felt the mare's nervousness as the bushes and trees stopped rumbling showing a male figure with bony arms flexing in his direction, with pale skin not seen the sun and glowing golden colored eyes with black hair, and fanged teeth that gave up rumbling growls that appeared to be too big for his face, including clothes of armor belonging to the High Council to his disgust. 
Nikolas eyed the male, he figured was an assassin, sent by the High Council to acquire him, warily to toss a knife aimed at the assassin's heart area. He found the knife entering the assassin's front finding the assassin tumbling backwards into the bushes. 
He wound up urging the horse to gallop away ignoring the male he assumed was knocked down via the knife to chest. 
Nikolas urged her to follow the river bank a lengthy period of time till a bridge of stone came into view despite sensing her indicating of being followed. He sighed and guided the horse over the narrow stone bridge that seemed to be made for the natives on horse back to travel over the river. 
He reached the other side and sighed forcing the horse to gallop in the forest. 
He forced the horse to gallop in the steamy heat drying him from the river's wetness. She again halted the riding by rearing up. She again indicated people hidden in the bushes waiting to pounce by the greenery rumbling in front of them abruptly. 
He stiffened from the feeling of fear hitting him felt the mare's nervousness. As the bushes and trees stopped rumbling showing a familiar male appearing to be a High Council's assassin from the looks of him, he recognized was the one he met and knifed. 
He felt disgust finding the assassin had a knife sticking out of the shoulder area, he out of knives to throw who pulled it out with a bony hand. The sick assassin from the looks of him wound up, bared its fanged teeth gnashing them together along with repeated mouth open gestures. 
He urged the horse in another direction away from the assassin who gave up a loud ear shattering roar behind him along with feeling something whizzing by his head he sensed was the knife thrown at him. 
He allowed the horse to have her way through the forest running with fear sensed from her and himself. He looked behind him to see the assassin was behind them running and using acrobatic moves onto the bushes and trees to use them to keep after them while gaping its mouth open and shut with tongue sticking out at each open mouth gesture. 
He stiffened seeing that feeling fear hitting him shifted to face the front while riding the horse. He heard silence in the forest instead of the familiar sounds of crickets sounding. Along with loud breathing from the horse and himself as he gasped for air mouth breathing hard with panic set in. 
Nikolas began to only to feel a compelling feeling of being calm abruptly. 
Nikolas obeyed to the feeling forcing himself to breathe through his nose. He urged the horse to continue galloping. 
He heard sounds of a roaring river nearby forced the mare towards the noises while glancing behind him to see the assassin hadn't given up chase. He felt himself more nervous from the river's noises than the chasing assassin.
Nikolas groaned as the horse reared up throwing her hind legs behind her while hearing grunting groans from the assassin behind. He adjusted the horse from kicking to head towards the river crashing through the bushes. Nikolas hearing her whinnying sounding panicky to him along with hearing growls from the assassin behind him still chasing. 
Nikolas found to his fear that there was a rocky cliff with another cliff in another direction with distance too far for a horse to jump. 
He urged the horse to follow the cliff's line thinking to himself "There's got to be a way for me to get across safely." 
Nikolas heard the assassin roar behind him urged the horse to halt and turn around facing while pulling out his sword. He kept a firm hand on the reins eyeing the assassin that came into view charging towards him. 
Nikolas raised his sword and waited as the assassin pounced jumping in the air towards him. He swung his sword as the assassin and he collided. 

Earlier going through the ocean waters was a large island like sea boat a part of the United States' Navy annexed by the Soulers, slayers of the raging vampires running amok in the jungles of South America. The ship went up and down the moving ocean and inside a room appearing to be a gym room for working out martial arts was two figures, one working out while the other was watching like a teacher. 
One of the figures, the watching one, spoke “Again Georgina” ordering to a young woman with brown hair and green eyes with a Human appearance of a full grown adult female that was kicking hitting the punching bag.
She gave a yell “Mahalia!” 
Mahalia was the official victory yell by the Humans, the Lower Ones when used in fights to scream their heads off.
With a kick the bag with such force that it swung and fell off the hook attached to low ceiling. 
The sensei aka teacher, master a male with almond shaped eyes of all blue and a bald head devoid of hair spoke again “Good now do the push ups about ten of them.” 
Georgina groaned sweat glistening off of her face and skin of her tight tank top and shorts stuck to her female body. She fell towards the ground and started pushing up and down while counting out. 
The sensei told her “Take a rest, Gina.”
She sighed at the nickname, Gina, and went to get a drink bottle attached to the wall and pulled it off with a ripping sound. She stood feeling the swaying motions of the sea as the battleship went up and down from being on the water. 
Georgina slowly drank the soft drink trying not to gulp it as she watched the Sensei Master Mo, stood watching her. They were in a grey padded room with pads on the floor and on the walls with drinks attached. 
Georgina sat down resting while slowly drinking her drink. 
She frowned thinking “Master Mo took me in after a vampire attacked the shanty town I was living in. He claimed that he found unconscious barely alive almost to the point of having blood drained among the natives of the town, dead from being drained by a vampire controlled by its lust. He's currently training me to help out the United States' Police force in the annexed state territory of Brazil in South America, having problems of rogue vampires. 
Brazil is still under control of the United States but other nations in South America gained independence with the Elves' invasion from the United States' annexing attitude. Canada and Ireland are currently underneath the control of the United States by the Elves insisting on it. But elsewhere in Europe there's independent countries ruling underneath a state territory agreement sort of like a commonwealth but separate. 
The Elves from what I know of them appeared too focused onto living in Europe and parts of Russia, mostly in the European side. They call Australia by this odd name of Egyptia their home world's name according to them. They seem to revere the continent island as sacred land for their religion involving the High Council. Unsure of who or what this High Council is but seems important to the Elves.
I'm receiving this training involving physical combat and acrobatics. And once I'm ready as said by Master Mo, I'll be sent to Brazil to hunt vampires and put them down on a permanent basis. It's that the vampires are still running amok in Brazil and no where else in South America. Causing natives terror and fright including some legends involving this vampire named Nightwalker who's some deity god of hell for people who are bad.” 
Georgina recalled to herself that it had been one planet Terra's standard year since she was found by Master Mo, as he dubbed himself to her. The sea vessel Georgina remembered, she and Master Mo were on, was a training facility for slayers of vampires dubbed Soulers. The battleship dubbed, Mahalia was on the seas was searching for something sensors flaring underwater for rogue vampires that might take residence there from the sun's burning to ash rays. 
Georgina frowned thinking lost in thought as she added to herself thinking of her dream “There’s a male out there who’s my destiny.”
She recalled having visions of this male with golden eyes and a Human like appearance in her mind despite displaying vampire teeth. 
She asked her master “Will we find any vampires in the sea, Master?” 
A feeling of dread came to her as he answered “I don’t know, it depends on whether we can find them or not.” 
Georgina frowned and said “What about this vampire in my mind giving me visions of him?”
Master Mo stared at her with widen eyes and asked her “Where did you get this vision?’
Georgina replied “In my dreams there’s this man appearing to be a vampire. The dream shows his face as Human like with golden Human eyes and he's got fanged teeth-” 
Master Mo interrupted “Describe his clothes please.” 
Georgina spoke "I can't see if he's got any clothes on his form. The vision appears to be underneath the moonlight while he's coming up from a body of water. Not sure if it's a lake or ocean and he appears to be naked in fully glory and very handsome to me." 
Master Mo, she heard gave up a sound of disgust and spoke loudly “The Brazil Kata practice continues.” 
Georgina groaned and resumed her fighting moves with Master Mo calling out corrections. 

Later after practice, Georgina went to shower in her small box room quarters. 
Coming out of the shower stall of her small bathroom she thought “I wonder who is this male that’s in my dreams?”
Sighing Georgina changed into a jumpsuit of green and wearily lay on the bed falling asleep. 
In her dream she was standing in a great vast field far as the horizon she could see and also saw green grasses with flowers of many kinds peering out. She turned around to see the male standing there behind her with his face bare with long silky like black hair and he had golden Human eyes with a Human face and Human ears. He, Georgina saw as always in her dreams was naked coming out of a pool of water in front of her. 
Then the scene changed to the top of a cliff with a view of mountains in the distance. Georgina stared at the view and looked at the male. 
She asked “Who are you?”
The male responded “I come in many names for I have only one name I answer to which my name is Nikolas.” 
Saying this he faded away as Georgina woke up gasping to see Master Mo standing there watching her with a frown on his face. 
She spoke “Master? What is it?”
Master Mo without a word shook his head and slowly left the room leaving a confused Georgina sitting on her bed of her quarters. 
She frowned thinking “That’s three times I’ve woken up with Master Mo staring at me sleeping in my quarters. I wonder what’s going on.”
Yawning she lay down on the bed and stared at the walls with a frown as she thought of the male in her dreams, soon she was asleep as if drugged by a familiar drug into her arm. 

Nikolas came to feeling pain all over. He cried out of pain while covered in a cloth shaking of hunger while seeing nothing but darkness. 
Nikolas felt a poke of an object poking him through the cloth and continued to shake of hunger. He felt himself lifted up and stopped his crying to groan as he felt the motions of being carried. This continued till the cloth was removed uncovering his form and eyes which he peered with curiosity to see a figure’s face he wasn't sure he remembered what it was. 
Nikolas, unsure of his name, felt an urge of hunger get stronger that he growled an animalistic sound while glaring at the face. He heard a voice speaking words along with one from the figure whose head turned to look at another direction. Then he heard another voice speaking with tones that seemed to calm him as he saw others like the figure who stared at him. '
Then another figure as the first placed hands on his forehead while speaking words. He again felt hunger and gave up another growling noise as he heard a noise and continued onto growling despite not sure why he was doing it. 
His senses alerted him of the smell of food which he gave off a slurping noise while licking his lips. He felt his teeth, two on uppers and two on bottoms, were fanged to his confusion, which the smell was cut off. 
He was rewarded when something was placed into his mouth. He greedily sucked the object and felt liquid entering him as his hunger began to wane like satisfied to his satisfaction. He gulped down the liquid helping his hungry like feeling and kept on gulping till there was no more. 
Nikolas felt the object removed from his mouth along with cloth resumed covering him cutting his eyesight off from seeing anything. He wound up getting an image of a figure in his mind he saw was a female. 
Nikolas was unsure of why the female was in his mind or why his mind identified her as a female that made him feel a feeling he didn't feel before but felt familiar. The image of the female showed her coming out of something that appeared smooth and blue while baring her body to him. 
Nikolas with the cloth covering him licked his lips while eyeing the female he felt an urge to want to lick the droplets off her breasts he shocked to know what they were called. 
Nikolas found himself amused by the image of the female hitting his mind over and over while he remained contained in the cloth covering him only fed something liquid whenever he gave up his hungry cries. 
Nikolas found himself dreaming images of a male with fanged teeth giving him an odd feeling he confused to what it was. He kept on recalling that the fanged male refused to budge from its charging instead aimed its teethed mouth towards his neck as if trying to bite when both collided. 
The sound of terror involving being knocked off something by the fanged male he not sure what it was. Followed by swinging something shiny aimed at the male that knocked it aside as he lay on the ground. He felt pain hitting his neck as the male succeeded into biting the area along with a familiar sound of something involving a gun dart. He found himself still nervous and was gasping sounds he kept on giving off. 
Nikolas felt fear take control as there was a loud whinnying sound he from the images in his mind wasn't sure what it originated as the male quit darting him he shocked to know. 
This was followed by punching him all over with fists including using a Human like body shape of a male Human with creepy black eyes and feeling pain from his fisting till he went unconscious. 
Nikolas found himself recalling on passing out unconscious soon after the male an assassin, he unsure of where the word came from in his mind. 
Nikolas recalled waking up several times while carried by the assassin's hands slung over the shoulder. His eyes spotted a rope bridge his mind identified, coming into view and found the assassin going towards it. He found to his fear that the rope bridge looked flimsy looking and didn't seem to be strong from the looks of it. Nikolas found the assassin got onto the rope bridge finding it swung a bit on each footstep. 
He felt himself nervous abruptly from memory as the assassin slowly over the rope bridge, carried him. Nikolas forced himself not to look down at the river rushing down below, while carried. 
He glimpsed it in a waterfall water falling down too many lengths for a manoid like him, to survive going down it he assumed judging by the distance. He felt vertigo from looking down making him feel dizziness. He forced himself to keep looking up concentrating onto the other side of where the rope bridge ended. He gulped air through his mouth as he felt the dizziness continue from the lack of strength hitting him. 
The assassin continued to walk on the bridge while feeling it sway from his movements tipping back and forth making him feeling further nervous and dizzy. He forced himself to breathe through his nose despite tempted to mouth breathe hard. Nikolas to his fear heard the assassin give off a loud growling sound of annoyance before setting him down onto the bridge. 
He saw the assassin was looking around including looking to see who else was on the bridge with them as he sat. He felt fear hitting him looked away from the waterfall and mentally urged the assassin to walk faster over the rope bridge finding themselves halfway through it. He began to feel the bridge beginning to sag onto its side from the assassin's stopping movement. 
He found the assassin obeyed to his mental urging hurriedly got across after leaving him lying onto the flimsy bridge to his disgust. He saw the assassin got onto land as there was a loud snapping sound heard followed by feeling the bridge sagging off its side knocking him off to land onto the waterfalls down below. 
Nikolas recalled further he fell into the water with rocks stripping him of his clothes while banging into them till he met a rock that hit him on the head. He recalled falling unconscious to come to feeling himself lying in a pool of water followed by a voice speaking a shriek of surprise. 
He recalled further of someone picking him up bruised and bloody and hurt and carried him out of the pool.
Nikolas recalled as if compelled that he was carried through a cave entrance feeling himself still nervous from knowing it involved enclosed spaces making him feel fear from being in caves and such places like that. 
Nikolas found his images in his mind remained blank with darkness instead of telling him further as to what happened to him to wound up covered in cloth by Humans. He figuring out who they were and fed nourishment he confused to what it was via a bottle with a nipple. 
He kept on remaining lying in the cloth due to instincts screaming at him to remain there.

Georgina woke up to feel the battleship pitch to its side violently. She fell out of the bed and got up towards the door. 
The door slid open as a soldier came holding the door as water came pooling in the room and gestured with a gloved hand yelling “We must evacuate now!”
Georgina ran to him falling onto the walls as water pooled into the room. 
The guard grabbed her hand and pulled her out of the room as she yelled “What’s going on and where is Master Mo?!”
The guard a soldier still gripping her hand proceeded to haul her towards a set of stairs as the ship pitched on its side violently spoke “No time to explain!” 
Georgina followed him up the spiraling stairs towards a round door that he yanked open revealing the flat smooth surface of the ship where people she saw were running towards the life boats and fighter jet planes. 
The soldier grabbed her and yelled as he hauled her towards a jet “Get her on a fighter now!”
Georgina could see that the ship tipping side by side very violently as waves of water lapped on the sides as another guard came helping her towards a jet. They settled her inside and she sat as the fighter jet turned itself on and started moving pass people running from inside the bowls of the battleship. With a burst of speed the jet rolled down the flat top of the surface of the battleship and flew into the air. 
Georgina ordered “Jet circle.” 
The jet flying in the air circled around the scene. Georgina watched as the battleship tipped towards its side and suddenly went into the ocean with an explosion of fire sinking into the waters below. 
“Master!" Georgina yelled pounding on the window of the jet which suddenly stopped circling and took off in a direction trailing white smoke out of the back of the jet. 
Georgina cried to herself as the jet flew speeding in the air on its unknown course. 

Nikolas grumbled to himself. It was moonlight since he was free of the cloth and dubbed the name of Nightwalker. Forbidden to travel during the sun was out by one of the Humans, dubbing himself Master but heard called Grudik, by the town's natives. 
Nikolas recalled fully that his name was Nikolas and not Nightwalker as said by Grudik. He had tried to correct Grudik's name calling by trying to speak, Nikolas to him. He felt himself still angry about Grudik had ignored his requests for the name changed and appeared to not hear him speak the Nikolas name. 
He stomped around the forest remembering the natives of the town laughing at him as Grudik forced fed him via bottle that appeared to be for babies. 
Nikolas could hear their taunts echoing in his head as he leaned against a tree and leaned his head back staring at the sky shining moonlight. He heard a cry of distress which broke out of his reverie. 
Nikolas shook his head and wandered further into the forest jungle till he heard another sound like a scream which he jogged towards the sound. Walking around the tree he heard a familiar roar and looked to see into a clearing with shock. 
A male Human with fanged teeth he recognized as a vampire with golden eyes while wearing black clothes and bony arms and hands, was edging towards one of the town's people who had his back to a tree with fear on his face. 
Nikolas recognized Ein the leader of the town of Paola who screamed out some nonsense sound sounding of fear to him. 
With a roar Nikolas attacked the vampire by grabbing it by behind in some tight grip. The vampire shook him off and charged at Ein with a fast speed move. 
Nikolas charged at the vampire who appeared to be busy choking Ein from the looks of him trapped in the vampire's arms' grips. 
Catching the vampire by the neck Nikolas opened his mouth and bit the vampire's neck sucking the bloody essence from within. He felt blood lust in his veins. The blood sang to him and called him to drink more which he did sucking till he felt the body stopped its functions and ceased. 
Letting go Nikolas licked the puncture holed areas and then dropped the body while turning around, to face people, holding eater lights in their hands with a glare on their faces, along with the others who were surrounding him.
One spoke in an angry voice tone "Nightwalker, what have you done?"
Nikolas spoke finding his efforts to speak blocked by no sound coming out of his mouth. He gulped seeing angry expressions on the town's people's faces.
He could see Ein's female standing restrained by the others with hands covering her mouth she indicating of terror and shock. Her eyes Nikolas saw had anger in them like the others. 
Nikolas saw Grudik walk into view, he mouth "I saved his life from a vampire." 
Grudik spoke “Turn around and look what you did.” 
Nikolas groaned with confusion in his face and he looked at the ground where Grudik was pointing, to see a body laying there, with two puncture marks on the neck. 
Nikolas stared at with shock, aimed at Ein's lifeless body staring back at him with dead eyes, drained of blood. 
He protested while moving his mouth “But I saw a vampire attack Ein!”
He felt ropes surrounded his body, and then he was grabbed and raised up above people’s heads by their hands. They took him towards the stocks where others stood watching with fear on their faces. 
Nikolas was hauled towards the wood while being stripped of his clothes revealing his muscular naked glory for all to see. 
Nikolas mouthed “All I saw was a vampire attacking Ein!”
They put him in the stocks and Nikolas protested again yanking “Father! Mother! Don’t do this to me! Please don’t exile me!”
He saw the elders with pointed ears and creepy all blue eyes, came forward and laid their hands on his head. Nikolas struggled with all his might to free himself. Then he felt himself falling into the ground falling into the darkness below and screamed. 

A sound of water lapping and rocking woke Georgina up. She found herself in a lake via fighter jet appearing to be crashed into it and was slowly sinking. 
Georgina released the catch to the top finding it flying in the air in a fast move into the forest jungle hearing it smash into bushes and trees in the vicinity. She grunted and annoyed sound as the lake appeared to be slowly swallowing the fighter jet.
Georgina without a word undid the straps and dived into the lake. She swam up the surface and swam to the shore meeting no animals on the way. At the shore she sighed and pulled herself out of the lake to groan while lying onto the beach. 
She groaned softly while crawling towards the trees in the vicinity of pain of electrical jolts hitting her body. Groaning she kept on feeling the jolts till she halted her crawling and laid panting for breath onto the beach.
She felt a foot connect with her front via her stomach making her cough out water as she again felt electrical jolts hitting her. 
Groaning she jerked up her head looking up despite told by her Masters, "Never look up no matter how curious or bad luck will fall to you." 
Georgina found figures appearing into sight blocking out the sunlight as one bent down revealing pointed ears with all blue eyes making her nervous to see and had tan skin while clad in white clothes who placed a hand onto her forehead. 
She grimaced from the pain of electrical jolts as there was a headache followed by falling into the ground in darkness below and screamed from that.

He opened his golden eyes with no memory, like a newborn and sat up from the small boat that surrounded him, that was speeding through the water on a river it on a course to someplace. 
Wrapped around his muscular body was a large piece of blue cloth which he shrugged off showing his naked form. 
He swatted his long black silky hair from around his face. He looked around with a new eyed wonder at the vast greenery on the banks of the river's water lapping against the boat as far as he could see. 
The male was tempted to stick his hand in the water but some instinct prevailed as he felt something rocking against his naked form in the boat. He touched the object to see it was round and circular with a soft tip peeking out of one end. Inside the object was some liquid attached to it was a ropey like object which he followed with his eyes to see it was wrapped around his left ankle. 
The male sat in the boat with confusion on his face. He frowned trying to name the object that the rope was attached to his leg but couldn’t name it. The male sighed exhaling some noise in the silence of the waters lapping against the boat. 
The male listened hearing a beeping noise as he looked to see something shining floating in the water a few arm lengths away from his boat. The shining thing he saw was flashing in the darkness of the moonless night and was following the boat. 
The male leaned towards one end of the boat to see a thick wire like rope was attached to the boat through a round hole. He looked at the thing flashing in the water and pulled at the rope which cut his left hand. He stared at the liquid slowly dripping from his hand with shock and stared at the canister which held liquid identical to the liquid. 
The male sensed some sense in him calling him to lick the liquid with made him lick his lips. He reached forwards and licked his hand. The taste was familiar. 
He watched as the liquid on his hand stopped dripping as white foam covered the cut area. With a growl the male lifted up the round and circular object and held it up. 
He could see the liquid in it was a dark red color. He looked at the canister with a frown then let it drop in the boat. The stars of night appeared to be forming as the moon in the sky shined. 
The male lay down closing his eyes as a dream came to him in his mind’s eye with confusion in his face. The dream showed a figure his mind identified as a naked female with long hair like his standing there facing him in a vast field of plants of one color. 
The female was not ashamed of her appearance. She held up her right hand and he reached forward to take it with his left hand. 
The male saw her open her mouth and heard her say a word “Nikolas.”
The male woke up with a gasp as he stared at the star filled sky with a frown thinking of the dream. He looked around with clear night vision coming onto him as he saw in the water escorting his boat smooth like creatures that made squealing clicking sounds as they swam next to the boat. 
One of them threw itself into the air with an arc like circle design as the other creatures did the same. Another lifted itself up to hover in the water by the bottom of the tail and flicked its self looking at the man in the boat. 
The male stared at the hovering creature who then threw itself backwards into a twisting flip. Other creatures escorting did the same as if they were looking at him. 
The man looked as he saw them turn away swimming towards the horizon as the boat reached endless moving water as he saw something flashed like the thing attached to the boat on the darken horizon. 
The male leaned in the boat watching the flashing light come waving nearer towards him. He sat in the boat hear a rumbling sound as the large flashing light came towards him nearer and nearer. 
The flashing light was attached to a large object which he saw was designed like his boat but bigger. He flinched from the brightness of a light shined in his golden eyes temporary blinding him. 
The male heard a yell like sound and watched as the boat reached his small boat. 
Then he felt some prick of pain on his left shoulder to see a round cylinder object sticking out of his shoulder. The male growled out some sound showing fanged teeth. 
He heard a word spoken as sleepiness overcame him “Nikolas.”

Nikolas woke up feeling a powerful urge and opened his golden eyes from lying on a bedded mattress. Looking around he was in a square boxy room with a small round window on one side and the floor was dirty dirt. 
Light of the day shined in the small rounded window. 
He stood up, found self wearing some skinned clothing that covered his legs and reached his waist. His senses told him that the covering were vital to his survival. 
He walked around feeling the walls they were cool to the touch. He looked to hear noises coming from a wall from behind him. Part of the wall slid opened to show a humanoid figure with pointed ears and all blue eyes, dressed in cloud white colored clothes, dirt colored skin and had long night colored hair like his with streaks of grey in it, which was pulled back. 
His mind told him “Emperor Shintaro Tanaka."
The Emperor spoke words which he understood the meaning behind the words and the language “Nikolas, if you want anything you just have to ask.” 
Nikolas stared at the Emperor and spoke words gnashing fanged teeth with understanding the words coming out of his mouth “Someone to mate with.” 
Emperor spoke “I get it.” 
The door slid closed and Nikolas saw via his mind of the Emperor stood outside the door with a frown on his face. He, he saw, scratched his pointed ear out of habit and walked towards a row of grass huts. 
He was escorted by three male guards also in dark blue clothing but they had bald heads instead of hair but had Human like faces of all blue eyes appearing to be Ancient Ones like he was. 
The Emperor was seen, walked towards a hut and stood with arms folded while outside one via Nikolas's mind. 
He was seen silently entered the hut, which Nikolas wound up to see a female with long dark earth colored hair wearing a light tan brown dress stood in the hut making his sensitive part rise in response to the looks of her. 
There was a male with shorter earth colored hair stood facing her wearing tan colored pants making him annoyed to see. 
They were nearly about to undress which Nikolas sensed judging by their hands, and narrowed his eyes while hearing the Emperor giving off an ahem sound. 
The two Humans jumped apart guiltily staring at the Emperor who spoke in a language called Summeran “No, he’s not right for you. I have someone better.” 
The female asked speaking the same language “Your majesty, Emperor Tanaka, whose is better than Victor here?”
Emperor Tanaka gestured to the female to follow him and she followed him out of the grass hut towards the metal hut which the Emperor turned gestured. 
The female protested yelling “No! I’m not mating with that freak!”
Nikolas grimaced from her words and kept on watching via his mind while leaning against the wall of the room.

The female, Georgina, found her protest cut off by herself was grabbed by the Emperor’s escorts that held her in a tight grip. Her protest was silenced by the Emperor with an all blue almond shaped eyed glare. 
The Emperor spoke “I expect my orders to be obeyed, Georgina. You will mate with him. If you refused I may take drastic action against the others starting with Victor.” 
Georgina gulped and the Emperor's escorts brought her to the metal hut where the Emperor slid open the door to the metal boxy hut. 
Georgina groaned as she was pushed inside the hut and stood facing the male called Nikolas who was leaning his long haired head against the wall facing it with his hands while clawing the wall. She stood frowning as the door behind her slid shut with a bang trapping her with Nikolas. 
She could sense Nikolas peering at her with his golden eyes through his hair from his leaning position as he clawed the wall with his hands. He was at the other end of the hut still in his position. 
She heard him speak in a masculine voice that rumbled guttural like “This will not be the last time I’ll mate with you, Georgina.” 
Georgina folded her arms and sarcastically spoke despite Nikolas using her name “Oh really?”

Nikolas instead of answering her raised his head and stared at her as he flexed his hands on the walls. Georgina, he saw was appearing to frown staring at him while looking at his arms. She, he noticed, was watching his arms bunch up with muscle and appeared to be curvier with muscle which he flex his arm bunching the muscle up.
It was curvier than the muscles of Victor he saw to his satisfaction. 
He pushed himself away from the wall and stood facing her with a gaze as he looked her up and down. The dress she was wearing was short and barely covered her knees and showed her arms that were a bit muscular. 
The dress, he saw, showed her chest which she was trying vainly to hide with her folded arms. Nikolas put his hands together to his sides and fisted them with the arms stiff. 

Georgina blinked her eyes to see one moment he was at the end of the hut and then he was standing inches away from her. She abruptly lowered her arms to the sides. Her top of the head came up to the edge of his shoulders and she could see the details of his upper chest which was heaving in and out gulping large breaths. The chest was muscular and appealed to her to touch him there. 

Nikolas asked her with fanged teeth “You don’t want me to lose my control do you?”
Georgina answered “No.”
She shook her head stiffening as he raised a hand towards her with a wide eyed look.
Nikolas spoke “I won’t hurt you.” 
She, he saw was wide eyed stared at him as he continued “I’ll only bring pleasure to you if you want me.” 
He raised another hand. Then he moved his hands towards her arms till they were nearly contacting with her skin. 
He jolted stiffening feeling some electrical current coming from his hands as they touched her arms. 
Georgina sighed and admitted “I’ve never mated before.” 
Nikolas spoke “I haven’t either.” 
Nikolas’ was keeping himself under control as to not to hurt Georgina. 
He rubbed her arms with his hands feeling the electrical jolts from his touch. 
Then his hands brought her closer towards him till she was embraced in a hug with his arms wrapped around her form. 
He sighed out a sound of pleasure struggling not to lose control with the war rumbling inside him. 

Georgina sighed being held in his arms. She could sense rumbling like growls from his chest as he held her. She felt him let go of her and with a growling like sound. \Georgina stared at him as he reached for the edges of her dress around her knees. 
She didn’t object as he pulled the dress with a careful slowness over her head revealing her naked form. She looked at Nikolas who pulled his pants off revealing his muscular glory for her to see and he tossed them aside. 
Georgina stared at his most sensitive part that was seen as he growled some sound of pleasure. 
Nikolas snapped “I’m sorry, Georgina, losing control here.”
Next thing she knew Nikolas had grabbed her and laid her on the mattress with one of his hands on her chest as he lay on top of her covering her body. 
He paused with a growl as she wrapped her arms around his neck and she moved her legs to wrap around his middle. 
She was feeling pleasured feelings of electricity as he entered her with his sensitive part. She laid still gripping Nikolas as he let the animal inside him come out roaring flexing in and out of her. She sigh a moan feeling jolts of electricity as he shattered a barrier inside her with a thrust. 
Georgina felt a moment of pain but the feeling went away as Nikolas rhythmically moved in and out of her pumping his sensitive part. 
Georgina rolled her eyes letting the feelings of pleasure overtake her while she gripped him with her legs urging him on, with a roar Nikolas emptied himself inside her completely embedded inside as she gave a loud moaning like shriek. 

Nikolas lay satisfied besides Georgina on the mattress with her head on his chest. 
He sigh some sound of pleasure and spoke “Georgina.” 
He wrapped his arms around her as he snuggled closer with a sigh and heard the familiar squeal of the metal hut opening. 
Nikolas was instantly on his feet with Georgina behind him growling at the Emperor standing at the opening of the hut. 
The Emperor stood and ordered “Georgina, it’s almost sunset, leave him now.” 
Nikolas snarled some growling sound as Georgina whispered “They’ll knock you out, Nikolas, to get me out.” 
Nikolas stood there stewing as he saw Georgina picked up her discarded dress and put it on. 
Nikolas caught his pants from her tossing them to him which he stuffed his legs in and pulled it on. He stood with his arms folded with a glaring stare at the Emperor as Georgina left the hut and then the doors slid shut. 
Nikolas stomped towards the small rounded window looking to see Georgina walking towards one of the grass huts. A male figure with tan pants like Nikolas’ self but with similar colored hair as Georgina’s came out and escorted her towards a hut. 
Nikolas watched with jealousy as they entered the hut and disappeared into the opening. He went to sit down onto the floor and shut his eyes focusing onto Georgina as if compelled. 
Nikolas saw to his disgust the Human male stripping himself of his pants baring himself and speaking towards Georgina after lying down "Do what you want since Nikolas did his duty onto you."
He formed a glare as Georgina without a word stripped herself of her dress and got onto the male and made a movement of mating with him. It made him disgusted to see while hearing her shriek out a cry and hearing silence from the male.
Nikolas opened his eyes to form disgust with his face as he again focused onto them both to find Georgina getting off of the male and putting on her dress followed by lying onto a bed of straw. 
He heard the familiar whistle involving slaves returning to work by the overseer to focus further onto Georgina, finding she called the human male, Victor.
She speaking "Victor, just tell the Emperor, I'm not feeling well, and have him send for a medic for an examination of what Nikolas did to me."
He watched as Victor without a word put on his pants and left the hut as he opened his eyes and went to peer out the round window keeping vigil for Georgina. 
Nikolas kept vigil while looking out the window to see Georgina came walking towards the metal hut where he was kept prisoner with an angry look on her face he grimaced seeing. 

Georgina came walking towards the metal hut where Nikolas was still kept prisoner her when pain racked her body hitting her abruptly scattering her angry thoughts. 
“Uh!” she said as he saw her jerked forward as in pain putting her hand on the metal hut near a round window above her head. 
Nikolas, she felt reached out an arm despite feeling pain and touched her head which she looked up and he raised his hand towards her hand. She looked up to see the hand belonging to an arm that was out of the opening. The hand stopped touching her head to rise near her hand. 
Nikolas spoke “Georgina.” 
Georgina heard her name said from Nikolas in a pleading tone of pain. 
Georgina jerked forward one hand on her abdomen and her left hand on the wall. Nikolas was felt touched her left hand on the wall with his right hand. 

He grimaced hearing Georgina groaning as she leaned against the wall in pain. Nikolas howled some distress call while hearing Georgina gasping as she gripped his hand in her hand in a tight grip.

Georgina groaned remembering the time she was left alone in the hut while asleep in the straw hut no one watching her that the pains started as her abdomen got bigger. This time the pains were getting worse. She could barely hear Nikolas howl from his prison as pain went through her. Gasping she gripped the hand in her hand in a tight grip. 

Nikolas saw via his mind while shutting his eyes to focused onto the Human slaves who were busy putting seeds in the ground, were acting alarmed when they heard the howls from the metal hut. 
Victor, he saw went towards the hut but only to be stopped by one of the masters flicking his whip at him. 
The master with his bald head and flaring all blue eyed almond shaped eyes narrowed at Victor. 
Victor, Nikolas saw, pointed at the hut and was about to speak when the master flicked the whip at him and made Victor go back to the others. The Humans including Nikolas groaned but the master was apparently not getting the message. 
Each time one of them ran to the hut the master was there with his long whip whacking away on them and then the Master pulled out his gun weapon. 
The Humans including Nikolas groaned as they saw the gun weapon for any human escaping would be shot and the bullet wouldn’t be taken out till their work was done.

The sun was nearly down the horizon as Georgina was brimming with impatience for relief from the pains racking through her. 
She grumbled to herself “Where are they and are they coming or not?” 
She could sense Nikolas had both hands on her hand with her head was on his arm gripping him in a tight grip. 

Nikolas felt annoyance take hold focused inside the mansion like white house sat the Emperor with a frown at his desk in a room overlooking the fields where the Humans were working putting seeds in the ground. 
Tanaka, he saw to his disgust was frowning while hearing one of his officers’ reports to him. 
The officer was saying “The slaves were a little distracted by the noise that Nikolas was making in the metal hut and kept trying to go towards it.”
Tanaka rubbed his pointed ear and got up to look out the window to see the slaves working away in the field. Nikolas noticed they kept looking at the metal hut with a pained expression on their faces. 
Groaning heard by the Emperor, Tanaka walked out of the house towards the fields. He looked to see the slaves pointing at the metal hut as they continued their work when they saw the Emperor. 
Tanaka, he saw walked across the field towards the hut escorted by his officers. 
Reaching the hut, he saw Tanaka sensed something else and broke in a jog to around the hut yelling “Get the medic now!” 

Nikolas peered out the window to see the Emperor running into his line of sight. He saw the Emperor kneel and raise Georgina’s dress which he looked indicating her abdomen was swollen with offspring. 
Nikolas gasped then bent down and picked up the discarded pillowcase near his foot and pushed it out the window which the Emperor caught. 

Kneeling besides her, Tanaka pulled her dress up and checked her to see that the baby’s head was nearly out. She felt Tanaka put a cloth onto her area where she was pushing the baby out as she waited while she felt for the baby to be born. 
With his help and her pushing from within there was a squealing cry as the baby was born. 
She relaxed as Tanaka held the baby in the cloth in his arms as she relaxed against Nikolas’ arm. 

Nikolas sighed as he heard a squealing cry of a baby. He saw the Emperor hand Georgina the baby wrapped in the pillowcase which she gripped as she yanked the afterbirth from inside her. 
He kept his eyes on Georgina while placing a hand on her head as the medic arrived to examine her and the baby. 
Nikolas spoke one word “Georgina.” 

Georgina saw that the baby was a male, and she spoke “Yevgeny” 
The Emperor, she saw handed the baby to her who let go of Nikolas’ arm. 
Sighing she felt Nikolas put a hand on her head and she moaned a bit while leaning onto the metal hut trying to relax from the pain. 
The medic arrived, examined the baby and herself. The Medic was quick to cut off the after birth and the cord attached to it to form a belly button for the baby. 
She heard the Medic tell the Emperor “The baby is fine and so is the mother.” 

The medic nodded, as Nikolas saw as the Emperor dismissed him with a wave of a hand escorting Georgina carrying the baby towards a hut. Nikolas pulled his hands back into the hut and saw the Emperor watching him peering through the hole with a frown. 
Nikolas heard the Emperor speak out of Georgina’s ear shot “Once she’s ready, you will mate with her again.” 
Nikolas roared out “I’m not putting her through this again!”
Tanaka spoke “Yes you will, Nikolas for you will do what I order you or I will take action against Georgina and your son Yevgeny.” 
Nikolas growled some sound of displeasure as Tanaka left the hut he paced back and forth while contained inside the hut feeling annoyance taking hold and too angry to sleep. 

Georgina lay inside the hut with Yevgeny in her arms she watched by Victor seated next to her. She didn't comment a response to Victor's staring instead only woke up to feed Yevgeny a nipple via her breasts after adjusting her top. 
She found Victor without a word snatching Yevgeny from her making her yell "Hey!"
Georgina got from Victor in response darting out of the hut which she adjusted her dress to cover her breast and ran after the male. 
She found Victor going up towards one of the Masters to hold up Yevgeny while kneeling and halted her jog. She gave Victor a glare as the Master without a word took the baby from him and then walked away carrying him as another Master arrived flicking his whip aimed at her.
She kept the glare in response and went to join the other slaves doing seeding in the ground for the Emperor's food crops for the natives of the land of the land of Egyptia. 
She recalled that Egyptia was speak for some continent island nation of Australia in Human language terms referred as Egyptia by the Emperor and his people the Masters as they called themselves.
She ignored Victor and refused to be next to him as he got next to her to do seeding. She kept on moving herself away from Victor in disgust.
Georgina found one of the Masters came back carrying Yevgeny in his arms who went up to her to show despite another Master flicking the whip at her attempts to take her son back. She eyed her son who she saw looked like he was influenced by the Masters and not inclined to cry being held by them.
She felt annoyance take hold as the Master walked away carrying her son. She resumed seeding and once again found Victor kept on putting himself next to her, to her annoyance including getting the other slaves to agree to that placement. 
Georgina felt annoyance take hold finding Victor kept on finding an excuse to touch her and appeared to be assisting with her seeding while they both did the work.
She felt relieved when the horn signaled three blasts indicating time for a break and went to Nikolas's hut avoiding Victor.

Nikolas stood leaning against the hole in the wall feeling the fresh air as he felt the urge coming to him again. Time he didn’t know how long it was and time didn’t matter to him for the urge was again hitting him. He barely heard the door to the hut slid open and looked to see Georgina pushed into the hut with a frown on her face. 
He heard her groan out as the door slid closed “Not again.” 
Nikolas sat on the ground with his back on the wall with a groan as he spoke weakly “I’m not doing that again.”
Georgina, he saw frowned as she went to sit next to him, she looked at him. 
He felt the urge get stronger as Georgina spoke “Why are you-“
Nikolas stared at Georgina's face with a gaze like a predator seeing a prey as Georgina cut herself off. Georgina, he saw to his relief, forced herself still as he got on his knees grabbing her closer towards him. He yanked the dress off of Georgina revealing her after pregnancy form. 
Her chest, Nikolas saw with sexual haze was larger from feeding the baby Yevgeny and her abdomen was a little rounded but a little flat. He pulled his pants off of himself with the left hand while the other hand gently gripped her neck and he kept his golden eyes on her face. 
Georgina was sensed silent as he pulled her on top of him, his sensitive part entering her. Georgina’s hands he felt went to his shoulders as he lay on the ground with her on top of him. Nikolas’ control snapped as he gripped her hips and moved in and out of her as she matched his rhythm. 
He found her moved matching his rhythm. 
Nikolas roared as he spilled himself inside Georgina while hearing her give out a hoarse cry while collapsing on top of him as he felt the currents of sexual haze go through him. 

Nikolas slept as Georgina, sighed and shifted as she lay on top of him. Nikolas had pulled himself out of her and was asleep with her cuddled in his grip. Georgina stared at his face as he opened his eyes and looked at her. 
Georgina asked “Nikolas, do you remember coming here?”
Nikolas rumbled a growl as he spoke “I remember being on a boat floating through the water with something making some flashing and a noise.”
He held up his left hand showing her a remnant of a scar on the palm of his hand. 
Nikolas added with disgust “I cut myself on the rope holding the thing. I was found by the others with a bigger boat in the moon time. I don’t remember anything else but I do know that I drink blood to survive.” 
Georgina spoke “I was on a flying machine that landed in a shallow pond not far from here where the master found me.” 
Nikolas spoke “Master? You meant the Emperor.” 
Georgina spoke “Yes.” 
Nikolas growled as he and Georgina both looked up to hear a squeal of the door to the metal hut opening as the Emperor stood outside. 
The Emperor, Nikolas saw gestured with a hand. Groaning Nikolas who got up and walked towards where his pants were and put them on. Georgina put on her dress as she walked towards the opening where the Emperor waited. Nikolas stood with arms folded as she walked out and then the door slid closed. 

Georgina left the hut smirking only to feel an electrical jolt of a whip hitting her body that felt familiar hitting her legs from behind, tripping her. 
She fell towards the ground and found one of the Masters standing over her a glare with his all blue eyes making her glare in response. 
She didn't protest as the Master proceeded to grab her wrists locking them together followed by lifting her up and thrusting her back onto the metal hut. 
Georgina struggled growling angrily as she recalled fully as if compelled while hearing the Master's voice in her mind "The Emperor frowns on slaves remembering their past life or talking about it and will suffer the punishment, of being mind raped."
She kept the glare in response giving out a spit sound and found what the Master meant by mind raped didn't involve mind scanning her despite her struggles. 
Georgina once the Master was done got thrust into the hut with Victor inside naked of his pants. She gave Victor a glare and without a word went up towards him and slapped him hard onto the face including punching and kicking him, not sparing his sensitive part. 
She once she was done her angry mood onto Victor collapsed onto her knees and cried her eyes watering. She didn't comment a word towards Victor putting on his pants and getting behind her to rub her back. She heard a crying noise to gasp as Victor gave up a loud growling noise from behind. 
Georgina looked to see one of the Masters was there holding her son Yevgeny in his arms, while having a pleading expression on his face. She felt rage but calmed by Victor and without a word went to the Master to grab Yevgeny from him then slapped the male onto his cheek in a fast move.
She found the Master gripping his jaw and without a word left the hut as she went to sit down cradling Yevgeny close to her. She groaned as she again felt the familiar pains of a life form, baby growing inside her but this time the pains were tolerable to her.
She sighed and didn't comment a word towards Victor who kept his position while standing staring at her. She ignored him and waited for her pains to indicate birth while feeling her abdomen getting bigger along with the baby kicking from within.

Nikolas heard a sound of the door to the metal hut open following by the familiar sound of a tube rattle indicating food which was blood. 
Nikolas looked to see one of the Humans was standing just outside the door of the hut facing him. Nikolas charged using his super speed and felt two metals like objects clamp onto his wrists. He blinked his eyes to see that he was outside the hut in the sunlight shining overhead him finding it didn't hurt him, instead brought warmth and in place of a human was the Emperor. 
Nikolas groaned as he felt a headache come onto him. Groaning they led him towards one of the grass straw huts where Nikolas stared to see Georgina came out with a pleasant look on her face. She, he saw, came to him and gave him a hug, as he could hear Yevgeny his son crying from within the hut. Looking over her he saw one of the Humans came out holding Yevgeny. 
Nikolas frowned as the Human handed Yevgeny to Georgina who stopped wailing to stare with eyes like Georgina’s and then the human walked away leaving him with her. 

Georgina saw Nikolas looked at his son with a prideful look on his face as she held Yevgeny who indicated another baby by putting her hand where he could feel it kicking from within her. He, she felt put a hand on her swollen abdomen where another child lay kicking from within with a frown. 
Georgina stared at Nikolas who sighed and wrapped his arms around her and his son Yevgeny. 

The moment was short lived for Nikolas felt his chains yanked and was soon escorted back into the hut by the Emperor’s guards who released him from the chains. He was given the familiar tube of blood for him to suck on. He drank in the hut with relaxation sitting with his back to the wall. 

Georgina went back into the hut still holding onto Yevgeny. She felt Yevgeny squirm while in her arms and placed him down onto the ground. She grunted from the feel of the baby kicking further inside her bringing more pains.
Georgina eyed Yevgeny as if drawn to see the baby shift his size from a newborn to a crawling baby that crawled out of his blanket and crawled towards her. 
She grunted seeing Victor in the hut and spoke "Take Yevgeny and alert the Masters. I'm about to have the baby."
She got up in a fast move and found Victor ignoring her attempts to get her hands off of him and brought her to the metal hut while still holding onto Yevgeny. She breathed hard while leaning against the metal hut where the hole was. 
She soon felt Nikolas's hand on top of her head as she grabbed his arm sticking out and again waited for the urge to push the baby out.

Nikolas saw via his mind as the sun was barely down the horizon as Victor, ran to a Master, he spotted came running towards a Master standing guard outside, who stood with a narrowed eyed glare. He wound up watching as Victor pointed towards the metal hut with panic on his face. 
The Master appeared to have howled some bellowing call towards the mansion as the medic with the Emperor arrived from the area and came around the hut. 
Nikolas opened his eyes to focus onto Georgina who released his hold onto his arm and was sitting on the ground with a hand on her swollen abdomen below the window of the hut. 
Her face was tearing water streaked and in distress he saw making him annoyed. 
The Emperor, he watched with the medic’s help helped her and soon there was a squealing cry of a baby crying. 

Georgina sighed as the baby was placed onto her lap and the medic stared at the Emperor speaking for her to hear “It begins.”
She stared at the baby which was a girl with all blue colored eyes with no hair status indicated like the Emperor himself but her skin was lighter compared to his tan skin and realized that one of the Masters fathered her by her looks and not by Nikolas.
She stiffened of shock seeing the baby like that looks as Nikolas was heard giving off a roaring growl from within the hut she sensed he was furiously angry with her having another male's offspring. 
She heard the Emperor speak in Summeran as she thrust her daughter towards the male who gripped “I'll call the girl child Mara for it means bitter in your language of Summeran.” 
Georgina didn't comment a response instead got up and stomped away going into a hut to lie down while followed by Victor. She heard a baby wailing noise ignored it only to feel a hand baby style patting her face. 
Georgina angrily opened her eyes to gasp seeing the hand was belonging to Yevgeny whose face scrunched into a wail while sitting next to her. Groaning she forced herself to cuddle her son closed to her as she fell asleep, watched by Victor.

Nikolas paced into his metallic hut feeling his mood bad again by the fact of Georgina having another male's offspring making him madder. He felt his angry mood hitting him made him roar of anger loudly while within the hut. 
He growled angrily and kept on roaring back and forth ignoring the metallic echoing of rain booming overhead along with lightening flashing via the window. 
Nikolas again felt his familiar urges hitting him groaned softly and forced himself to sit down near the open window as thunder and lightening flashed including heavy rain bouncing onto the metallic hut. 

The weather was raining hard outside as Shintaro, stood watching out the window of his office with Georgina watching with annoyance taking hold. She saw him turned and faced her who stood watching him intensively. 
The Emperor spoke in Summeran “Go retrieve Nikolas, and remember the code to the door is four knocks which are four main fingers on your hand omitting your thumb. Just put your hand on Nikolas's chest if he has a tantrum to attack you in his raging mood.” 
Georgina nodded and then the Emperor dismissed her with a wave of his hand. She left the room followed by two guards. They escorted her to the double thick doors of the entrance to the mansion. 
Georgina tried not to let nervousness show as she passed the Human slaves sitting in chains watching her. 
Victor was holding onto Yevgeny who was asleep cuddled in the slave's arms. Yevgeny, she could see had a shock of sun colored hair and had his thumb in his mouth as he slept. 
She also stole a look at Yevengina one of Victor's offspring via a female slave had a look of her father's hair. Georgina could see that Yevengina was sleeping held in her Mother's arms while sucking her thumb. 
The guards slid open the double doors and pushed her out. She quickly ran through the rain towards the metal hut where Nikolas was kept prisoner she glimpsed via the lightening shows overhead. 
Reaching the door she slid it open yelling and walked inside “Nikolas, come out its pouring buckets out there!”
Nikolas, she saw through the dim light from the small window, was leaning on the wall head down facing the wall with both hands clawing it. 
Georgina spoke “Nikolas, please.’
She was about to open her mouth to speak again when Nikolas abruptly looked at her with a look she recognized before. 
It was anger and rage she saw from him. 
She saw him put his hands on his sides a gesture which she recognized that he was about to use his super speed to attack her. 
Georgina raised her right hand as he charged towards her. Her hand met his muscular chest over his heart as he grabbed her by the arms and yanked her closer towards him. 
They were touching body to body with the fabric of her dress pasted between from the rain. 
Next thing, she knew she threw her legs around his body and as he dropped his pants. Georgina didn’t think but only acted as she wrapped her arms around his shoulders as he leaned her against the wall and peel part of her dress off her legs. 

The urge to mate was strong as Nikolas thrust himself to the hilt inside her. She met his rhythm of thrusts of him going in and out of her. With a roaring cry he spilled himself inside her as she shook from the waves of pleasure. 

They stood in that position then Nikolas abruptly withdrew from her and pulled his pants back on. Georgina sighed as she pulled her dress down that was plastered to her body. 

Nikolas pulled her towards him and lifted her up and carried her out of the metal hut using his super speed. 
He heard Georgina speak “Nikolas, follow the light.”
She pointed to a dim lit eater light that was barely shining through the hard rain. 

Nikolas charged towards the light reaching the double doors of the mansion finding no light in its place. He figured the light was from the keeper of the eater a God named Ellison Donovan, he not sure of the name and figured the God was helping them.
He held Georgina as she knocked in code on the door. The door slid open and the two went inside. 
Nikolas felt Georgina taken from his arms and something was waved in front of his nose making him feel sleepy. He barely felt the chains attached to him and a blanket wrapped around his body with Georgina sitting on his lap blanket around her as he passed out unconscious to dream something realistic.

Nikolas saw in his mind via dream, Shintaro stood in his office frowning and he poured a drink in a small cup and held it up towards the ceiling while avoiding looking up. 
He spoke speaking in Brazilian language of Tago, “Alright, vampire, I detect you. Come down and drink, as my guest.” 
He was rewarded when a figure silently dropped down from the ceiling. The figure Nikolas saw was dressed entirely in black colors appearing to be armor to him while having a round head. Shintaro, he saw via dream, looked at the face who removed the helmet he stiffened from gasping. 
The face was of a Human male with golden Human eyes from it that flashed fanged teeth gnashing in the Emperor's direction while surrounded by long black hair that was pulled back in tail. 
Shintaro, he eyed appeared to not look surprised to see the male, who stared at the figure with a frown to speak "Your Achilles." 
Achilles, as assumed to his name, reached for the drink held in Shintaro’s hand which he gave it to him. Achilles drank it in one gulp and noticed the Emperor had a napkin in his hand. 
With a growl Achilles took the napkin and wiped his scarred face including his mouth of blood. Then Achilles crumbled the napkin and dropped it on the desk Shintaro stood behind watching him. 
Shintaro spoke “As my guest you should learn some manners.” 
Achilles growled out in a male tone with eyes turning all red colored “Manners are not important except you have a Bloody in your possession.” 
Shintaro spoke in response "So what does that have to do with me?"
Achilles formed a glare and spoke "You're containing him against his will."
Shintaro shrugged and spoke "So what can you do about it hmm Achilles? I recognized you despite you keeping yourself out of sight in the ocean away from the affairs of the Lower Ones we, Ancient Ones call the Human food slaves of yours."
Achilles gave up a low growl despite hearing that from Shintaro who added "Nice trick of getting a battleship full of Lower Ones to sink into the ocean for you and whoever you got roped with your vampire god beliefs to feed off of the survivors."
Achilles snarled a growl and put down his helmet onto the desk and made a step towards Shintaro only to find the air shift showing him surrounded by blue armored males having sword weapons aimed at his neck. 
Nikolas gasped inwardly seeing the famous Ancient Ones, dubbed Soulers in their blue armor having swords as Achilles, held up his hands in surrender and waited as the Soulers faded from view. 
Achilles spoke again "So you're working for the slayers."
Shintaro shook his head and spoke "Their hired into service to serve whoever pays them their price."
Achilles picked up his helmet as the male spotted the sunlight blaring into the windows. He jammed his helmet back onto his head and jabbed a finger aimed at Shintaro while putting it across his throat then without a word walked out of the mansion finding the slayers had hand holds onto the male's arms and were guiding him out. 
Nikolas felt disgust take hold as Achilles left the mansion and made the familiar trek to the ocean lair he stayed in he recognizing the downed sea vessel sitting underwater nearby. 
Achilles walked inside to the cave to walk out into the air only to hear whining from the familiar Bloodies gathered inside on wanting to feed to his disgust. He gave the Bloodies glares despite removing his helmet who kept on whining on wanting to feed and needed nourishment now. 
Achilles thought of an idea to his mind spoke loudly "Listen up now! I'll help you with what you desire if you do this thing for me!" 
Nikolas saw, that talk, got the Bloodies' undivided attention as Achilles appeared to sense him watching waved a hand into his direction and he found the scene going black in response. 
He woke up in the metallic hut feeling a foot connect with his stomach him finding Achilles complete with the armor and metallic helmet on grabbing him and yanking him out into the moonlight. 
Nikolas frowned as he found Achilles proceeded to use some super speed movement to carry him dizzy through the farmland into the ocean and went underwater walking through it. He felt an urged to breathe found himself sucking in water along with passing out unconscious while held in Achilles' hands.

Georgina stood outside the metal hut and was about to enter when she saw a figure appearing to be one of the Emperor's hidden guards came out with putting aside his sword into his scabbard. 
She stood watching him as he stared at her and with a shrug walked around her towards one of the male slaves. 
Georgina could sense something familiar with the guard despite clad in armored blue clothing but entered the metal hut only to scream of terror finding herself alone with a male that wasn't Nikolas. She found the hut's door clanged shut behind her to her annoyance. 
Georgina eyed the male, warily standing wearing black clothes that wasn't armor but had a barrel shaped head that held up a hand towards her in some pleading method. It made her nervous abruptly to grip her hands to herself ignoring the male. 
She frowned as the male removed the barrel shaped helmet showing a face of a Human with golden eyes and skin that looked a bit scaly tan colored. 
Georgina frowned as the air shifted as hidden guards appearing to be the Soulers themselves appeared from hidden status and grabbed her by the arms. She grunted an annoyed sound and struggled as she saw what the barrel shaped helmeted male wanted from her making her scream of terror in response. 

The slaves did their work watching the Emperor came walking among them they giving him glares of accusation with their eyes as they gestured towards Georgina doing slavery work with tiredness sensed from her. 
She was feeling frustrated from being used as a mating slave and had managed to yell it at Victor once she came out of the metallic hut into the straw hut.
She had paced back and forth ranting loudly with Victor hearing her while he was holding onto Yevgeny squirming in her arms "Sick of this mating jokey status males keep on pulling onto me. I just wish for once I would be paired to one male and be his mate only. Not just for multiple males to be paired to for birthing offsprings. I'm so mad-"
She was interrupted by the horn blasting sounding loudly making her annoyed and snarling "Something ought to be done about the Emperor treating us like slaves when we shouldn't be like this! Slavery should be gone and done with!"
She found Victor in response taking her arm while thrusting her Yevgeny which she held and found him escorting her to the seeding fields. She gave the Masters a glare of accusation with her eyes. She adjusted Yevgeny to sit onto her front via a cloth sling and proceeded to do the seeding despite tired and exhausted from it seemingly over and over.
Georgina didn't comment a response as she felt herself about to drop found herself hitting the ground passing out unconscious despite multiple jolts of electricity involving the whip hitting her legs.

Nikolas came to coughing out water via a kick onto his stomach hitting him repeatedly while feeling clothes onto his form. He coughed the water as he felt armor onto his form that suspiciously felt like Achilles' armor to him. 
He groaned as he heard blaring in his mind "I want to feed! I'm hungry!"
He ignored the groaning sounds in his mind to feel a hand patting him onto the cheek which he jerked open his eyes to yell of shock fully.

Georgina after sleeping in the hut, unconscious while Victor stood vigil found herself awake in the medical bay of the Emperor's mansion. She groaned while feeling liquid of food pressed into her lips which she greedily drank then shut her eyes feeling herself unable to sleep as the liquid went through her system. 
She heard a throat clearing noise sounding of the medic in the room to jerk open her eyes finding the male a Master like the Emperor snarling "You're fed the medicine so get up and get back to work!"
Georgina didn't comment a response got up and left the medical bay a garage of the mansion and walked slowly towards the fields. Only to get her way blocked by an appearing Souler she recognized with shock. 
She gulped seeing the Souler wearing blue armor and an armored head from description of them from legends of them said to grant a special request once seen. Only their payment was death of someone close to the one who asked the special request. 
Georgina gulped but didn't comment a response as she felt a headache along with recalling her comments she ranted to Victor in the hut about slavery. She kept her mouth shut and waited as the headache was felt going away followed by the Souler fading from view as there were gun shots sounds. 
She found multiple Masters arriving from the house behind her holding their projectile guns and having furious expressions on their faces. 
She gulped but didn't comment as one Master spoke "Come with me now!"
Georgina obeyed to find the Master led the way to the Emperor's office to appear to be having a silent mental talk with the male as she stood facing the Emperor who was frowning. She bent down as a headache came into her with pain.
She stood up as images flashed into her mind as the Emperor gestured to his guards who abruptly stuck a needle into her arm and she fell unconscious. 

The gentle jerking of a boat rocking back and forth woke her up while going through the angry ocean that seemed familiar to her. She woke up with a gasp and looked around to see that she was in a large dim lighted room with other Human slaves there. 
She looked at herself to see that she was wearing a blue dress. The dress covered her body from the top with sleeves and reached her knees. She could see Victor sitting nearby staring at her and his eyes went down gesturing something. 
Georgina felt herself and could sense that she was pregnant again according to Victor’s stare. Her abdomen she felt through the dress was again swollen with child and she could sense there were two babies inside her. 
She asked “Victor, what’s going on?” 
Victor replied “We’re in a cargo via sea boat from the looks of it traveling somewhere. I'm not sure where but it appeared to be off Egyptia as the Master called the land, when its called Australia sailing into the ocean, by the movements of the boat going into a beeline. It hasn't altered course yet despite the ocean felt rough to us by the boat's movements.”
Georgina spoke “I think we're bait for a trap to capture vampires. That tactic involving us used for that is familiar I think but I'm not sure where this idea came from. I have memories of being in a baited trap for vampires to wreck a boat and then vampires killed off as a result.”
Victor stood up and pointed while speaking “The Emperor lies dead or disappeared, as the Ancient Ones say it, with his blood leaking from him as bait to that trap as you say.”
Georgina looked to see from her sitting position where Victor was pointing. Lying on a slab with arms folded was the Emperor with chains holding his body to the slab. She grimaced seeing blood leaking from his body onto the floor via the slab.
Georgina groaned and got up as she spoke “What happened to the Emperor?”
Victor reached for her but she held up a hand and she walked towards the Emperor’s body with him following her while tipping and tossing. 
She stared at the body with a frown as Victor spoke “There was a rebellion by the people the Humans, or Lower Ones that the Masters called us, slaves. The Emperor died as a result but he did order us free to elsewhere not sure where except say off Egyptia. This is their reaction to the rebellion. Using us as bait for a trap to kill off vampires."
The boat lurched and Georgina felt Victor catch her as she nearly fell backwards. 
She frowned as he let go of her and spoke again “The Emperor freed us Humans but bait we are, unless we can ask the All Seeing One, God, Lance Richard to save us in time.” 
Georgina sighed and looked at Victor while speaking “Where’s Yevie and Yeva?”
Nicknames of the two children as Victor pointed towards another end of the cargo hold room. Yevgeny was walking unsteadily on his feet with both hands held by a Human as Yevengina was looking older while being held by another Human. With a sigh Georgina walked towards the children with Victor following behind. 
Yevgeny seeing his mother squealed out “Ma!” 
She heard Victor speak “His first word.” 
Georgina walked towards her son who the Human helped Yevgeny walked toward his mother. Reaching each other Yevgeny with the Human’s help was held in his mother’s arms. She sighed smoothing his long hair out of his face as she held her son. 
She looked to see Yevengina reaching out with her arms from being held by a Human towards her. 
Victor spoke “You need to sit, Georgina, for the baby.” 
Georgina corrected him “Babies, I think I’m carrying two.” 
Victor ordered “Sit.” 
Georgina went to the wall and sat with her back to the wall and leaned against the wall with her back to it. She sensed the Human holding Yevengina placed her in her arms. 
Georgina sighed as she felt Yevengina poke her in the abdomen where the twins lay inside her. Georgina looked at Yevengina who stopped poking to look at her mother who gave her a head shake, then the child laid her head on Georgina's shoulder. 
She sensed Yevgeny snuggle closer to Yevengina and he closed his eyes as he laid his head on her shoulder. Georgina fell asleep as if compelled. 
During her sleep she could sense the other Humans and Victor surrounding her with their bodies as they went to lay down asleep. 

Nikolas stopped his screaming seeing Achilles giving him a glare of annoyance that flared all red eyes and got from the male in response "Quit the screaming and save your strength now!"
He felt nervousness hitting him from Achilles' sinister looks as he laid down while smelling something making his stomach rumble in hunger. 
He groaned and heard excited chattering from others in the cave "Food! We smell food!" 
Nikolas ignored the chattering till the smell got too much for him got up and found Achilles snarling loudly "Restrain yourself! It's a trap to capture us by the stink of the Elf blood we're smelling!"
He groaned and cupped his nose to smell via his mouth's smelling organ to grimace from the stink of the blood he smelled was of an Elf. He groaned again and forced himself to lie down with eyes shut still holding onto his nose while repeatedly mouth breathing through his mouth smelling the stinky Elf smell. 
Nikolas got images flashing into his mind he confused to see but refused to focus onto them, instead opened his eyes and focused onto Achilles, kneeling, with eyes shut him appearing to be mediating to him. 
He ignored Achilles till he heard sounding in his mind "Distract Achilles while we go feed."
Nikolas opened his eyes with annoyance running through him finding the others were giving him glares and expecting him to do what they ordered. He got up and without a word went to Achilles intending to strike out a fist intending to punch the male in the face. He spotted the others during his going to Achilles going out of the cave into the ocean via a pool and left them both alone. 
Nikolas mentally spoke to himself as he brought a fist towards Achilles "This better be worth my time."

The sea boat stopped as the door to the cargo hold opened with a loud bang sound which Georgina woke up to see herself surrounded by Humans who were standing up facing the large cargo hold doors. Figures, she saw came walking inside the room and some were attempting to free the Emperor’s body from the chains of the slab. 
She heard a male voice speaking in the Humans' language saying “Is any one of you called Georgina?”
She sensed Victor and another Human take Yevgeny and Yevengina from her arms as she was helped to stand and pulled to face the speaker. The speaker she saw was a male like the Emperor’s species, she recognized from memories restored into her mind, of Ancient One dubbed Elf, by the facial features with pointed ears. He was dressed in black pants with a black top that had a grey stripe through it while wearing a mask covering his face. 
The masked figure, she saw, seeing her gasped and spoke with recognition in his eyes “Georgina.”
Georgina stared with a frown as she asked “How did you know my name?”
The male, she saw stared at her intensively "I'm dubbed Lyu. I knew your Master Mo.” 
Georgina stared at him with a confused expression on her face. 
He added “All of you were mind wiped to forget your past.”
The Humans mutter among each other as Georgina stared at him with shock on her face. 
She frowned as Lyu ordered “Come along then. Let’s get out of this sea boat onto someplace on land.” 
Wordlessly Georgina followed Lyu with the others out of the boat towards a large gangplank like bridge that led to a metallic arch with images flashing in it. 
She blinked her eyes, after going through the metallic arch, she recognized as a travel gate. Georgina wound up to see that there were tall towering buildings high in the sky nearby while finding the ocean no where in sight but smelled it. She frowned as she looked behind her to find a round metallic arch sitting in the middle of a tall towering building. Georgina found herself and the others walking out of the metallic arch into the city she recognized as Berlin in the European country of Germany in Human's terms. 
She frowned recalling the term for Berlin in Elf's terms was Rhineland and Germany was dubbed Fatherland by them. When the United States started its crazy annexing countries as states fad till it nearly conquered the entire planet leaving Australia as an only holdout to that conquering status. 
She recalled fully with disgust that the Elves landed onto Australia's island of Tasmania and made a deal with the Humans living there to keep the United States out of annexing the Australia continent. The deal involved dissolving the United States to bring independence to each country which was done by the Elves conquering the planet in response. She felt further disgusted that the Elves as said to her by Master Mo, couldn't conquer Ireland or Canada with some fear towards both nations' lands despite Humans living wild there with vampires.
Georgina recalled further memories hitting her as she glared at Lyu while following him further into the city.
Frowning Georgina walked looking around following Lyu who led them to a large building with medical symbols on it. Inside he led them to a room appearing to be on the large size, with people, appearing to be medics, who had strange equipment with them with multiple beds empty in the room. 
She could see that the medics were of the pure bred Elf species who were also known for their medics despite known to manipulate Humans in medical experiments. 
Reaching the Elves, standing around staring intensively creeping her out only to hear from Lyu “It’s alright, their here for your well being.” 
Some of the medics came forward and stared waving long arm sized devices over each of the Humans including herself.
Georgina didn’t protest as Victor picked her up and carried her towards one of the beds. 
He spoke to the medic a male’s stare “I’m not the father, just her caretaker.” 
The medic spoke in the same language “I get it.” 
Georgina lay back watching as the medic moved a scanner over her and her swollen abdomen she feeling the babies kicking from within. She sighed watching the medic looking at a monitor while moving the device over her. 
She heard the medic speaks “Appears that you’re having twins, looks like a male and female.” 
Georgina spoke in a far away voice while the medic was staring at the screen of the monitor box “I’ll call the male, Mykaru and the female Malaja.” 
She blinked her eyes to when the medic abruptly waved a device with a light at the end, in her eyes. 
The medic spoke to Victor “She’ll be having the twins soon. It’s best to have her have them in the hospital where we can monitor them.” 
Georgina looked at the medic and asked “What about my son and Victor's daughter?”
The medic stared at her as Victor replied “She has an older offspring and I have an offspring fathered by me. One male named Yevgeny is hers, and a female named Yevengina as dubbed by Emperor Shintaro Tanaka as he called himself, our master is mine fathered through another female.” 
The medic was about to speak when Lyu came walking towards them carrying Yevgeny and Yevengina. 
He spoke “They insisted on seeing their parents.” 
She frowned as Lyu handed Yevgeny to her as she sat up to hold him only to get pushed to lie down by Victor. She didn't protest as Victor held Yevengina in his arms and eyed Yevgeny with a frown. Sighing she handed Victor, Yevgeny who clung to the male with nervousness sensed from her son. 
Georgina noticed the medic ran a scanner over the children with a frown and look at Lyu who spoke “Go ahead and tell her the results.” 
With a sound the medic spoke “Yevgeny according to scanners has some sort of anomaly of a species which I’m unsure of other than Human. Yevengina appears to be normal for her species, Souler as their insisting on being dubbed.”
Georgina frowned hearing the medic’s words but kept her mouth shut as she heard yelling coming from behind her. She looked to see a several medics were waving their long arm scanners while yelling at a taller than them figure. 
The figure, Georgina and others saw was wearing blue armored like clothes, with a round barrel shaped black head, and walking among the medics who were screaming at him in gibberish language as if trying to shoo him away. The figure in blue armor she saw gave her feelings of familiarity and was appearing to be swatting away via medics with their scanners in their hands. 
She frowned as the armored male gave up a familiar roar and walked away after being shooed by the medics this time appearing to walk out of the room via a doorway and disappeared into a flash of lightening. 
Georgina heard Lyu snarl out “A stinking hybrid of the Soulers and Humans from the looks of him hence the medics insists that he stay away from them and you as well.”
Georgina frowned as she went to resume lying down only to eye above her as if drawn to gasp. She found the hybrid onto a gangplank came into view and did a jump and flew over the medics and ran towards her and the Humans underneath the lights. 
Several medics started running towards the male that ran through the room with their scanners waving as weapons. The hybrid, Georgina saw as the children clutched Victor in fear, stopped running once nearby her. 
Georgina frowned as Lyu got himself in front of her while speaking “Touch anyone of us and you’ll pay for that, Zeskaya!” 
The hybrid, she assumed, was named Zeskaya, darted through an open window opening and disappeared out of view to her relief without a lightening show. 
She saw Lyu looking at her with a frown who spoke “Until those hybrids we dub Zeskaya and their leader whoever he is, is challenged by whomever brave enough to do it. They are running free to make people disappear with their killing involving putting a hand onto the chest of a person and sucking their essence out of that person enough to make them die of old age. There won't be an end of them until their permanently killed off despite they still causing death with their sucking.” 
Georgina frowned but didn't say a word in response despite realizing what was familiar about the Zeskaya. She stiffened recalling a feeling of dread hitting her while on the Mahalia, warship and found it hitting she stiffening from it hitting her again. Georgina heard a scream of terror peered with her eyes at the noise to find a Zeskaya had a hand onto a medic, a masked Master's chest who was waving his hands wildly while appearing to have hair grow from black to entirely white as medics around were waving their arm scanners. She gulped and watched as the Zeskaya drained the masked Elf dry then darting into the air going through a window disappearing in a lightening show. She eyed the Elf who hit the floor without any help from other medics who kept on waving their arm scanners to her disgust, and out of her sight. She found Victor getting into her view with back to that scene still holding onto the children giving her a glare of disapproval.
She frowned as Victor spoke "You shouldn't be seeing this."
Georgina didn't comment a response instead remained lying onto the bed staring at the ceiling waiting for her labor pains to start for her to push the babies out.

Nikolas shivered from the coldness, hitting him all over despite clad in armor while contained underwater in a cave with the vampires' leader dubbing himself Achilles who gave him a glare of all red eyes. He found Achilles had managed to wake up in time for catching his fist as he went to punch him. 
Achilles wound up punching him in response till he lay down onto the rocky ground groaning of pain. He ignored Achilles felt kicking him and snarling growling noises. 
Nikolas smelled the familiar smell of blood through his nose to groan smelling it as Elf's blood via his mouth. He grunted as he forced himself to ignore the blood smell via his nose as Achilles proceeded to have a tantrum. 
He groaned softly seeing the glare aimed at him with Achilles, as he spoke despite no sound came out of his mouth "What did I do this time?"
Nikolas glared at Achilles who removed the red eyed look to his relief and hissed loudly "Your an idiot to let the others go into that trap I warned you and the others not to go. You should have done something instead of being a distraction. Now I'm alone with an idiot like you. Ugh."
He forced himself to keep his mouth shut in silence as Achilles forced him get up and forced him to walk further into the cave passageway. 
Nikolas saw the cave passageway was seemingly endless, with multiple openings including multiple pools of water. He looked around the passageway seeing that some had openings indicating nothing but water. 
He figured to himself were entrances to the ocean as Achilles pushed him to lead the way further into the cave, making him more nervous and urged the vampire to keep on walking faster. 
Nikolas gasped of fear as he started to stumble slipping his feet but found Achilles kept on walking pushing him to lead the way further into the cave ignoring his stumbling. 
He again urged Achilles to continue to keep on going faster while gasping of fear each time he slipped and stumbled slipping and sliding over rocks. He saw was really ice which he reached a hand and gripped Achilles' cape despite walking backwards. 
He felt fear take hold as he kept on slipping and sliding over the rocky ground while following the cave passageway as it got colder to him. He shivered teeth chattering while feeling himself moving to keep warm while still clingy to Achilles' cape. 
He kept up his slipping and sliding way through the cave passageway. 
Nikolas thought to himself abruptly "Perhaps I should get Achilles to stop leading me like this and towards to safety." 
He stiffened as an image of a male Human with facial appearance different from any Human he knew, wearing a golden crown on his black haired head. Clothes of a white tunic with a red bird on it as decoration and blue legging like tights flashed in his mind.
Words spoken in some cruel voice tone making him feel more nervous "Why are you following this vampire Achilles when you should be doing your own path? He's hoping to lose you to a water pit to suck you underneath and drown you to death. 
Achilles is more scared than you are by the fact that the Soulers captured his people in a trap and are assuming that he's nearby. Besides you should let go of Achilles' cape and run away out of the cave now before he pushes you to your death in a pit." 
Nikolas forced himself to stop only to get pushed to move by Achilles which he thrust out fists aimed at the male who appeared to anticipate his moves by blocking them. 
Nikolas felt frustration hitting him as he tried to slip pass Achilles only to get the male's hand onto his neck gagging him while again pushing him backwards. 
He wound up recognizing the image as Lance Richard, the planet Terra's All Seeing One God that he figured he was near death to receive the image in his mind. 
The male god's voice he recognized before death hit a manoid, warning them of that, always mentally spoken to people via mind after flashing a scene of himself each time for communication purposes. 
He felt himself less fearful from Lance's communication. 
Nikolas found Achilles stopping to peer into hole pits he saw the vampire kept on doing the peering as they both continue traveling through the cave passageway. He kept on seeing Achilles peering into caves that appeared to have yawning openings of smooth watery like pits on each sides of him at various points. That made him becomes nervous seeing them in view as Lance Richard kept on blaring in his mind. 
He continued to gag by Achilles' hand hold onto his neck, as the vampire kept walking traveled through the cave him still slipping and sliding away. 
His eyes sight blinked from day vision to night vision repeatedly over and over. He sighed figuring that they were near a vampire manipulated point in the cave marking it in the cave passageway. Put in place for vampires to keep track of where they were going underground from traveling through that would cause harm to the vampires living cocooned in some large cave underground in the ocean depths with Achilles. 
He sighed figuring that he was safe for now only to feel fear hitting him as crackling of eaters was heard coming from the passageway in the cave. Along with hearing Achilles giving off sounds of growling to him sounding like the vampires' leader was angry and frustrated to him. 
Nikolas forced himself to continue as day vision blared in his eyesight illuminating the cave passageway full of whiteness by glow balls shining in the walls. Put there by vampires who first discovered the cave passageway. He looked around seeing the glow balls crackled of eaters giving off sparks repeatedly making him nervous. 
The sparks of fire flew from them. He heard Achilles give off a loud growl of anger to him as he found himself forced by the vampire passed the glow balls that seemed numerous and all around them except for the ground was bare of them. He gasped as pain was felt on his left arm. He looked to see the metallic skin was on fire. 
Nikolas wound up waved the hand over the fired arm mentally speaking "Fire Out." 
He found his order of fire not working or obeyed but felt his arm stinging of pain as his entire body began to sting all over as Achilles with blurring speed grabbed him and darted through the cave passageway and dumped him into a pool of water. He sighed from the pain of the eater stopped burning to remain lying in the pool finding it was water that wasn't moving.
Nikolas heard a loud roar to find Achilles standing on the banks of the pool angrily throwing a tantrum to his annoyance. He got up out of the pool as the eaters from the balls sparked all around them as Achilles once again picked him up. 
He was hoping that the sparks of fire would avoid hitting Achilles carrying him through the cave passageway. He found to his relief the glow balls came to an end as night vision continued to his eyesight. 
Nikolas found the ground as he peered over Achilles' shoulder despite no longer feeling pain, no longer icy but had water on it that indicated an underground river that was moving very fast. He gulped as Achilles threw him into the river that took him to travel through a cave passageway in a fast speed move. 
Nikolas felt himself flying all over the place bumping into the cave as moved by the river's water. He felt annoyance take hold when he felt urged to breathe refrained while keeping his mouth shut. 
Nikolas kept on being into pushed by the river of water hitting rocks. He found himself stripped of his armor at each rock hit. Till his urges to breathe overtook him. He sucked into water to his disgust and found himself passing out unconscious. 

In a dream Georgina was dreaming of Nikolas who was dreaming of her. He, she saw was dreaming of herself as of a Human female with brown colored hair and green Human eyes. 
She, she saw in the dream, was holding out her hands while wearing a dress of tan color that showed her features of a swollen abdomen while saying “Nikolas, help me.” 
The dream image faded as Georgina kept on dreaming. She heard noises that sounded like whispering of voices to her. She strained to hear but couldn’t understand the words as awareness of conscious status came to her. She came to finding herself lying in a hospital room from memory of it while groggily feeling a pulling sensation from her lower body. 
She heard a crying noise in a male tone followed by another pulling sensation from herself. She again heard the familiar crying noises sounding in a feminine tone followed by surrendering to the darkness overcoming her as she passed out unconscious.

Nikolas found himself lying on grassed ground from the feel of it. Slowly he opened his eyes feeling himself no longer clad in his familiar armor but in pain all over him, to see with night vision while breathing air deeply through his nose. 
The bushes he saw in front of the clearing shake and he heard whispering coming out from there. 
With curiosity Nikolas stood up and walked towards the shaking bushes. He stood and pulled the bushes apart and stepped out into the bushes he didn't scream this time when gonoids as referred to animals appeared. 
Nikolas frowned as the gonoids he saw were wild horses that ignored him munching onto the plants nearby him. He found the wild horses were really wild and refused to let him get near them for riding bareback. 
Nikolas found there was one horse bigger than the others charging towards him while giving a sound of disapproval in horse's voice sound terms. He groaned and forced himself to keep on walking into the jungle, despite unsure of where he was.

Georgina was dreaming of herself flying in the air. She was traveling from an island of paradise towards over the moving ocean of the blue water. She was traveling at a fast pace reaching a city with towering buildings in the sky. 
Reaching one building she came towards a window, she came towards a room where a brown haired female lay asleep on a bed covered in blankets. Next to the bed asleep were two babies in smaller beds with a shock of black hair. 
The babies were asleep and were peacefully dreaming to her. 
The female, she saw, was of herself lying asleep peacefully dreaming while lying on the bed as the babies burst into tears wailing loudly.
Then there was a loud crying sound as the dream faded from within her mind. Georgina groaned trying to sleep as she heard a crying sound and ignored the sound. 
She felt pain within her abdomen but recognized the pain wasn't of birth to her instead was of something else. Groaning Georgina forced herself from the depths of unconscious to wake up meeting her twins Malaja and Mykaru lying in a crib next to her bed both wailing for their mother. 
She groaned and forced herself to get up from the bed despite in pain. She picked up each baby by the arm and went back to the bed feeling them rubbing their heads onto her breasts. She sighed and made a motion to allow them to feed off her nipples when the door to the room opened showing an Elf darting inside.
Georgina glared as the Elf in a fast move yanked the babies from her and placed them back into the crib despite her protesting "Hey they need to eat!"
She glared at the Elf who in response spoke "They need blood as their main nourishment according to tests, despite an ability to take in Human nourishment stinko."
Georgina groaned and lay back in bed while covering her breasts via adjusting the top. 
She spoke firmly "What species are they? Vampires?"
She glared at the medic who in response gave her a glare and spoke "Actually hybrids of vampires and Stinkos from what I call your species, Humans from the tests of them. You mated with a vampire and born his offsprings willingly."
She heard the medic's statement was sounding of fact and appeared to be true as she gave a glare in response as the Elf added "Your son Yevgeny has been displaying vampire like traits involving him growing up to adulthood in a fast growth spurt. He's full grown now something that your twins will have as well."
Georgina spoke sarcastically "So what if I mated with a vampire or not willingly? What makes you think it's willingly? It could have been by force."
She kept the glare aimed at the medic who pulled out a whip from a pocket making her nervous to see. 
Georgina frowned as the medic spoke "The Ancient Ones during the rebellion of the Lower Ones as slaves freeing themselves left clear details of who those slaves are. 
I see from their records that you and whoever on that sea boat were formerly slaves in a rebellion and managed to hijack a sea boat to escape to the United States' mainland. Too bad we caught the boat and you Humans.
And we Elves frown on slaves from Egyptia an Elf state being accepted into the mainland in Europe. 
Slavery is still ongoing in the mainland towards slaves escaping from Egyptia."
Georgina gave up a gasp of shock as the medic pulled out a whistle and blew into it making her babies cry from the noises. She found Soulers appearing into sight to grab her arms forcing her struggling off the bed while keeping ironclad grips onto her. 
She glared at the medic with hatred running through her as the Soulers kept an ironclad grip onto her arms. 
Georgina glared as she spoke "What do you plan to do with me?"
She kept the glare as the medic spoke in response "Just put her where she'll be needed as a slave, and never mind her offsprings' noises."
She found what the medic had in mind.

Nikolas heard noises as he traveled through the jungle unstopped for days. He found himself avoiding civilization of the Elves living in Egyptia he saw was an Elf state with Human slaves. 
He recalled his memories fully in mind restored to him making him grimace.
Nikolas recalled the Meritanians, Tank and Merra in his mind to yell for them mentally while trying to avoid the rain pouring overhead. 
He heard from a Meritanian in a male voice "I'm called Walls and this is my female called Kiddy. Tank and Merra are off Terra and back to where they belong. Shouldn't you be back where you belong among civilization?"
Nikolas snarled mentally "Just get me back to Georgina, my female who I value strongly."
He heard in response "Unnecessary on that talk, Nikolas. What I wanted to hear from you which are the words 'I surrender'. 
I will have taken the liberty of transporting you to civilization where you should belong period. Oh if you wish to interrogate Achilles, don't worry about him. I've uses someone else other than the Soulers to take care of that vampire."
Nikolas felt compelled to remain standing which he obeyed despite rain falling all over him making him shiver of cold. 
He frowned as he heard blaring from Walls further "is immune to the Soulers' mental abilities which is speak they can’t use his mind walking powers or will seen as a threat. Your Forbidden One, an Ancient One dubbed Victor can get information via verbal talk."
Nikolas heard an edge in the voice tone from the Meritanians he figured belonged to the Sages as the Elves dubbed them, mind walking plants living in the ocean dubbing that. He frowned hearing the edge in the Sage's voice as he found himself surrounded by the jungle, not doing anything towards him while the rain stopped as he felt warmth hitting him abruptly. 
He frowned thinking "There’s something suspicious going on from the Meritanian's wording involving the jungles messes gathered around me, standing around me." 
He figured to himself "The Meritanians are hiding something from me again. It's like they hid the memory of who I was I got my memories restored fully." 
He frowned as he smelled an eater fire within vicinity and recalled it brought warmth followed the smell to a clearing to find someone had managed to start surrounded by rocks with no one in sight. Nikolas groaned as he felt his senses blaring warning abruptly from looking around. 
He eyed the eater fire and felt too cold to stand naked in the bushes went to the eater's log to sit warming himself. 
He heard from the Meritanian "Yes, that's him the one I'm talking about."
Nikolas felt himself annoyed at the Meritanian sounding again hiding something from him. He stood up to pace keeping himself within vicinity of the eater's warmth despite cold from the water and felt himself drying out.
The Meritanian again spoke sounding annoyed blaring in his mind "What are you babbling about?" 
This was followed by a pause then Meritanian added speaking "We Meritanians, as you call us Sages, are in contact with that hybrid dubbing himself Nikolas. He appears to be easily manipulated by us Meritanians such as giving him mating urges despite he not capable of feeling them from his so called eunuch status."
Nikolas stiffened hearing his name spoken as he felt himself dry from the eater fire while hearing the word eunuch sounding in the Meritanian's voice tone. He eyed his sensitive part to frown finding nothing indicating a eunuch status to him to his confusion. 
He mentally spoke in a loud tone "Meritanians! Talk on who you're talking to! You seem to be talking to someone else other than me about me being a eunuch when I don't see anything wrong with me! You know I don't seem to have!"
He heard from the Meritanians in response "Yea, the Soulers are aware of you, Nikolas, can hear us Meritanians’ chatter anywhere on Terra. I'm not kidding that they have that ability actually. 
The Soulers from mind scanning you are asking certain questions related to you. The Soulers are very curious as to who you are. That despite you resisting their attempts to bring you to civilization and among their kind to live with hence they acting threatening towards you. 
It's their normal way of getting you to civilization to be domesticated and out of living off land like some ridiculous gonoid having gonoid language."
Nikolas felt himself disgusted hearing the Meritanian's talk that sounded off the subject and didn't seem to be focused onto him. 
He mentally spoke "Why couldn't you have the Soulers' leader fully explain via you what the Soulers are trying to do towards me? None of this threatening behavior the Soulers are doing towards me, as a hybrid would be used including the vampires' attempts to get me underneath their servitude."
He continued to hear from the Meritanian sounding distracted "Blast."
Nikolas frowned hearing the wording confusing him. 
He continued to hear "Alright, his name is Nikolas, a hybrid Human, vampire, Ancient One like the Soulers hanging around him, in hiding have recognized. Hence they were letting him live instead of trying to kill him. He’ll be better off living with others instead of isolated and alone and suffering from various medical ailments while struggling to survive off land. Besides he's in denial about being a eunuch." 
Nikolas mentally spoke in response "I'm not a eunuch! Take back that comment now!"
Nikolas heard from the Meritanian spoke "Fine you asked for it!"
He saw a lightening flash show in front of him followed by fading away. 
He frowned seeing in place was a male appearing to be a twin to a Souler but had shorter hair and wearing a twin armored uniform as a Souler and had his helmet in his arms while staring at him. He saw the Ancient One he figured was the male, had some pleading expression on his face making him sigh. 
Nikolas felt annoyance take control as he saw the male put his helmet onto the ground and held up his hands in a surrender gesture while still giving him pleading feelings. 
Nikolas felt his senses of mind scanning go off to frown with confusion thinking to himself "Someone is mind scanning me."
He heard "No that is me mentally communicating with you actually."
Nikolas frowned hearing the voice sounding in his mind that sounded male to him and not like a Meritanian as he focused onto the Ancient One.
He frowned as the Ancient One made a gesture while again hearing "My name is Victor. I know your name is Nikolas. No need to introduce yourself."
Nikolas frowned seeing the gestures the Ancient One made to indicate he was the one speaking the mental voice sounding in his mind. 
He frowned to speak moving his mouth despite sounds coming out "Mental talk? Is that a way for me to communicate with you other than verbal talk?"
Nikolas frowned while eyeing Victor he figured was the Ancient One as he again heard "Yes it's a way for us Ancients to communicate. There are a few lucky ones who can use verbal words. Including communicate towards the Lower Ones another name for the Human species who isn't one of us."
Nikolas clamped a hand over his mouth and made shut his mouth was into a thin line as he mentally spoke towards Victor "Then what's with the urges to feed like a vampire and the Meritanians claiming I'm eunuch I can't seem to see anything wrong with my sensitive part?"
He frowned as Victor made a gesture to his own sensitive part and blared "I'll show you mine if you don't get disgusted." 
He frowned as Victor showed his own sensitive part he spotted the male was rubbing hands up and down his private and copied him. Nikolas felt himself getting hard via feelings hitting him.
He eyed Victor's sensitive part to see something shooting out as he eyed his own sensitive part to see nothing shooting out as he felt himself shake from the sexual act done onto him.
Nikolas groaned finding what Victor meant by eunuch meant he couldn't spill seed despite feeling like he could. 
He saw that Victor managed to put his sensitive part back into his armored clothes followed by saying to him mentally "Your a eunuch don't deny it."
Nikolas groaned but forced himself to obey to Victor's words despite tempted to charge at Victor with anger, despite his senses blaring danger. Nikolas removed his hand from his sensitive part to realize something was odd about his private he noticed from Victor's. He stiffened as he eyed his sensitive part to notice the flap end on Victor's was gone from his private making him annoyed to see and prove the eunuch talk. He forced himself to halt his tempting charge. 
He saw Victor's eyes via an opening in the helmet remained all blue as he mentally spoke while keeping his lips clamped shut "Is my eyes the same as yours?"
He stared at Victor who continued to stare at him back with blue eyes unblinkingly as the male mentally spoke "Your eyes are the same color as a Human but in a golden sun color but are more formed as the Lower Ones actually"
Nikolas with the eyes narrowed in a glare aimed Victor as he mentally spoke "Anything else I should know regarding being an Ancient One-"
He was interrupted "You're not an Ancient One fully but a Terran as we, Ancient Ones dub you and your people born on Terra to both an Ancient One and a Lower One."
He found his senses stopped blaring warning unexpectedly to his relief despite Victor remained standing staring at him as he spoke loudly "I surrender."
Nikolas didn't comment another word as he folded his arms while staring at the male and felt warmth abruptly all around him. He found himself in an all white colored room with the male facing him. 
Nikolas gave up "Hmph." 
He felt annoyance take hold as Victor continued to keep his helmet on. 
Nikolas mentally spoke recalling the language the Meritanian spoke his worded comments fully in mind "I'm not happy that the Soulers, the Lower Ones and vampires didn’t bother to explain what they were trying to do towards me despite acting threatening towards me. I had to defend myself from their attacks including being a victim of them."
Victor's eyes he saw widen looking shock to him. 
Nikolas spoke mentally glaring at Victor, ignoring the shocked response "What name are you called actually besides the name of Victor?"
Victor, he eyed, removed his helmet he was wearing to cover his head entirely. The helmet only showed his eyes and hid his face. Nikolas frowned seeing Victor's facial reaction was shock by the eyes remaining wide. He frowned as Victor cocked his head forming a far away expression on his face like recalling something. 
Nikolas eyed Victor who shook his head and then focused onto him and his face.
Nikolas again spoke using his voice sensing he was free to speak his tale "My name as given to me is always Nikolas and no other name. 
The Meritanians or Sages, as they called themselves, explained to me, some time ago that some Meritanian dubbing himself, Ramses, transported me off a planetary world dubbed Shadan during some battle fight to the world I'm now on. 
I wound up catching the eye of the High Council while living in Terra, in a shanty town, in Brazil, keeping order and peace among them.
They tried to rope me into becoming an assassin for the High Council. I refused repeatedly despite their attempts to get me to serve. They gave me no choice but to travel from Brazil's city of Elizabethan Town to Janeiro. It's where I was to seek a sea vessel to the United States' mainland while in the process of finding my female, Georgina. 
She's who's I've been seeing images of her in my mind repeatedly enough to declare her as mine to mate with and be paired to. 
I've via my avoidance of the High Council, been living off land for awhile despite trying to count the suns unnoticed trapped in my status as a Terran. 
I came upon an assassin of the High Council as identified by one of Terra's Sages or Meritanians whichever name they call themselves now who pursued me through the jungle. The assassin at first acted threatening towards me as in picking a fight with me despite my attempts to be friendly with the assassin to make him change his view of serving the High Council. The assassin from what I did refused to pursue me and change his mind from serving the High Council.
As a result I've been fighting vampires, the High Council and Humans for awhile in the jungles of Brazil traveling via horseback. And didn’t know that one of those groups changed their views towards me as in trying to help me and get me to civilization." 
Victor, he saw didn't comment while hearing an odd sound. He saw Victor shifted sideways to look. Nikolas saw Victor was looking at a female wearing similar colored armored clothing as the male with even longer hair than the Soulers, he saw, but she had a black cape and her head was bare with intense all blue eyes creeping him out. 
Nikolas frowned as he heard from the Sages unexpectedly "That's the Queen a leader of the Soulers, I've been talking about. The Soulers with her are her guards."
He eyed the Queen warily while seeing her narrowed her all blue sky colored eyes while staring at him he sensed still making him nervous.
He spoke mentally from memories spilling in his mind abruptly "I know that Soulers like the Elves are mind walkers. I know that there's offsprings of the Soulers and Elves, that are a part of species called vampire that are dubbed Zeskaya, who are feeding off Lower Ones to satisfy their immortality."
He saw Victor disappear in a flash of lightening show to him. Nikolas frowned as the Queen gave him a glare sensing anger from her. He stiffened from the anger sensed as she looked at her guards before moving her head chin out aimed at him.
Nikolas heard from the Sages, he figured he'll refer the Meritanians "Don't worry you'll be fine I'll protect you period." 
He frowned at the Sages' words to see the Queen's guards dart towards him as he dropped his hands into a surrender gesture. He kept his hands in front of him in a surrender gesture as one of the guards pulled out swords from hidden scabbard on their backs. The swords made him nervous as the guards reached him. 
He stood as one guard with the sword stood back watching him. He found the other guard went towards him and proceeded to feel him all over not sparing his privates like expertly knowing how to do it in some patting method. 
Nikolas stood feeling himself compelled not to resists to the pat down by the guard as the guard picked up Victor's fallen helmet. He felt regret having himself among the Soulers but figured that they'll help him. 
Nikolas frowned as the guard backed off once he was done with the pat down. He eyed the guard with a sword who put away the weapon and went towards him to grab his arm as the other guard did the same despite still holding his arm. 
Nikolas found himself pushed and pulled out of the room following the Queen into a hallway he assumed what it was. He felt the guards' hands off of him along with blinking his eyes to find himself contained in a jail cell from the looks of it. 
Nikolas heard from the Sages unexpectedly "My Queen stop being panicky. I transported this Nikolas to the brig in your residence war vessel. 
I suspect that your people will get nosy enough to manipulate him to speak what he knows of you and the Soulers enough to kill him. It's just to shut him up since you don't want your secrets known. 
His presence seen by the Soulers will give them complete access to his mind unlike me mentally instructing the guard to pat him down via manipulation, for any broken bones. I managed to do that helping without saying any words towards him. Victor can really hear us, Walls, and Kiddy talking when we're communicating to you. Hence he throwing a hissy fit at the moment. 
Nikolas is one of the lucky ones, hybrid vampires, who don't seem to have some kind of mental ability tuned to the both of us Meritanians, talking including causing vibrations to drive them insane."
He exhaled a breath hearing Walls' talk as there was the door to the cell was opened followed by three guards, appearing to be Soulers, like Victor, entering. 
Nikolas stood with his hands up as the guards reached him to grab his arms. He felt annoyance take hold as they pushed him backwards till something like a wall was felt hitting his back halting the pushing. 
Nikolas felt something like manacles placed onto his wrists chaining him to the wall. He stiffened from the chaining as the guards darted out of the cell slamming the door with a bang sound. 
Nikolas heard "The chains you're wearing are only to keep you in the cell and not to restrict your movements while contained. You have freedom to move around despite wearing the chains."
He frowned hearing Walls' talk as the Meritanian stopped talking. Nikolas found the chains on him were attached to a ring of metal attached to the wall that felt cold to the touch. He explored the cell finding nothing to indicate a window for him to see outside. 
He saw that the cell's door had a window with eater lights glimpsed glimmering. He sniffed his nose and couldn't smell the eater's familiar smell. Nikolas groaned loudly before going to a bench he saw to sit down leaning against the wall. 
He mentally spoke while keeping his mouth shut "This containment is going to take awhile before I'm freed."
He heard from Walls "Don't worry about the containment. I'll keep in contact with the Queen to make sure you receive the proper nourishment. Just be patient. The containment is going to take awhile before you're freed like you said." 
Nikolas exhaled a breath and resumed staring at the cell's window despite sleepiness hitting him. He laid his form down on the bench and shut his eyes to dream of a female, he saw with recognition was Georgina looking like she was in distress. 

Georgina cried to herself while contained in the jail cell she wearing a rough blue jumpsuit on her form. She grunted an annoyed sound as she felt a kick of a foot onto her stomach. 
She steeled herself not to cry anymore and opened her eyes while giving the guard an Ancient One a higher form of Human with all blue eyes a glare of anger. She kept the glare while fisting her hands as the guard grabbed her arm and lifted her to her feet. 
Georgina wiped her eyes while glaring at the guard who roughly pulled her out of the jail cell into the hallway lighted by eater lights despite unable to smell the eaters. She kept the glare as the guard kept on pulling her through the hallway passed doors she paused from walking to stare at a closed door as if drawn. 
Georgina got from the guard blasting in her mind "Keep walking. Ignore that door or else."
She obeyed and didn't protest as the guard pulled her to a door in the hallway showing a small room she figured was some kind of lift room.
"It's an elevator." she heard from the guard.
Georgina kept her mouth shut as the guard got her inside the small room and pressed a button on the wall followed by the motion of floating up in a fast move. She found lights in the small room blinking on and off as the elevator, she assumed it was gone up with a fast speed move. 
She kept the glare forcing herself to remain calm despite furious with herself for having her crying fit while contained in a jail cell. 
Georgina glared at the guard who without a word pulled her out of the jail cell to reach a wall followed by stopping to stand holding her arm with a hand. She frowned as there were lights flashing above followed by the wall in front of her entirely black split into two pieces like a door showing a hallway all grey looking from metal. 
Georgina kept the glare on her face as the guard pulled her into the hallway and kept on pulling her further into it as she peered behind. She saw the doors resume a wall status as the lights quit flashing. 
Georgina frowned inwardly as the guard hauled her further into the metallic hallway till they reached a wall off her left. She kept the glare as the guard made a wave with his sword followed by the wall moving like a door showing a red floored room. 
Georgina frowned as the guard pulled her inside to find Souler guards slide the door wall shut showing it was matching black walls and didn't indicate of where it began in the wall. She frowned as the guard pulled her further into the room she looking around to find multiple Souler guards standing around scattered in the room. 
She spotted a female figure wearing twin armored clothes as the guards but had long blonde hair with eyes shut seated crossed legged onto a pillow. The female seated there unnerved her enough to make her nervous as the guard pulled her making a beeline towards the seated female. 
Georgina frowned as the guard got her to an arm length away from the seated female followed by forced to kneel in front of her with a hand on her shoulder holding her position. Georgina exhaled a breath as the seated female Souler she figured was the female but not sure of her position opened her eyes showing them all black looking creeping her out further. It made her gulp as the female Souler appeared to be staring at her lengthy making her think her soul was being read. 
Georgina frowned further as the female Souler's voice blared in her mind "Tell me what's his name, the mate of yours that you willingly accepted as yours?"
She inhaled a breath and spoke "His name is Nikolas."
She heard a gasp sound from behind but was prevented from looking by the guard keeping her in position. 
Georgina got from the female Souler in response "What does this Nikolas look like hmm?"
She gave a description of when she last saw him in containment of Emperor Tanaka and added "It's when I last saw Nikolas in containment of this Elf calling himself Emperor Shintaro Tanaka."
She frowned as she heard "Impossible! This Nikolas and her Nikolas cannot be the same one we have in containment!"
Georgina frowned further with her lips despite hearing the male voice blasting in her mind. The female Souler looked passed her with eyes narrowed she hearing nothing from her. She frowned as the female Souler appeared to form a look of disapproval on her facial expression followed by hearing nothing more from the male voice blasting in her mind. 
Georgina again got the female Souler focusing onto her and blasting "What else do you know of this Nikolas of yours hmm?"
She spoke "He's a blood drinker with an ability to move in a blurring speed. He avoided drinking from me when we were together in his jail cell by Emperor Tanaka. The Emperor paired us together for mating urges Nikolas was having hitting him. 
I have a male offspring born first in an instant like pregnancy dubbed Yevgeny actually fathered by a Human slave named Victor, with Nikolas taking responsibility to fathering him. An Elf at the hospital I was contained claimed that Yevgeny grew into adulthood in an instant fast growth and pointed out Victor being the father of Yevgeny. 
I was in denial about Yevgeny's father but accepted that on advice of Victor, the Forbidden One, as he calls himself meeting me, and insisting on accepting like Human Victor accepted Nikolas to raise his son. 
Then I had another pregnancy resulting in a female offspring appearing to be one of the Soulers dubbed Mara, I rejected soon after birth. Her coming to exist was a result of a forced mating between a Souler posing as an Elf Human hybrid and myself. 
After that a slower growth pregnancy from another male, a Legendian, as his species is called that had a forced mating. I had twins, a male I named Mykaru and a female I named Malaja-"
"Mama." She heard blared in her mind interrupting her talk.
Georgina frowned hearing the voice sounded in a male tone and seemed familiar to her as she eyed the female Souler who without a word held up a hand from her thigh in a payment gesture. She groaned softly finding the guard had let go of her shoulder and was behind her from senses cued to him. 
Georgina recalled Mara spoke firmly "I pay you with my female offspring, Mara, to be taught how to live as one of you as fathered by one of you. Sorry I can't say where she is now. The Master, the Emperor Shintaro Tanaka took her away after she was born I rejected her actually."
She clamped her mouth shut as the female Souler resumed putting her hand onto her thigh and shut her eyes as she found her arm grabbed by the familiar guard. Georgina didn't say a word as the guard pulled her into a standing position and pulled her away from the female Souler.
She eyed the room finding the guard pulled her to a wall that opened like a door instead of sliding apart. Georgina frowned as the guard pulled her into the doorway and then pushed her onto the padded floor she felt onto her back and found her arm freed. 
She looked around as the guard's form faded from view with the door to the room banging shut with a bang sound. 
She looked around finding herself in an apparent padded room to frown thinking to herself "What's going on? What can be done about Nikolas and me?"
Georgina frowned getting nothing in answer to her question frowned while remained seated and folded her legs to wrap her arms around them.
She mentally added to herself "Nikolas where are you?"

Nikolas screamed waking himself up from slumber thinking of a familiar crying female he recognized from memories spilling in his mind he shouting loudly via mental talk "Georgina!" 
He exhaled a breath finding himself still chained as usual while clad in only in his naked self minus clothes while in the brig of the Queen’s cell. He shook his head and sighed again recalling himself and Georgina mating that resulted into her having two pregnancies. He recalled that she had a male offspring dubbed Yevgeny and another pregnancy of a female offspring dubbed Mara he figured was one of the Soulers from the looks of her child form. 
He exhaled a breath to yell mentally “Walls! What happened to my female Georgina I've been dreaming in my mind?!"
He heard from Walls abruptly “That female you've been dreaming is currently in residence here contained in-"
Nikolas interrupted while standing up still chained "She's here?! Why isn't I with her?!"
Walls spoke in response to his blaring "Don’t worry I’ll talk to the Queen about doing something about you. Having you in the brig isn’t good for your health.”
He didn’t respond kept his mind blank sensing Walls wanted him to talk via the voice tone sighed and mentally spoke “What do you mean you're not reuniting Georgina and I together? Don't hide that voice tone of yours! I recognize you seem to know that there's something more regarding my situation so talk!"
He heard in response “Nikolas really did wound up off planet put through a gate via a Meritanian answering to the name of Ramses. 
Your spies report that some group dubbed High Council another name of the Elves' leadership have taken Nikolas on as one of their servants having him serve them to do assassination work. Something he didn't agree with and rebelled. Hence they wound up sending that assassin Mindbender after him to depose him in some blackmail way of poisoning. 
Too bad a vampire hoping to feed tracked them and distracted Mindbender enough for Nikolas to escape as in falling off a rope bridge into the water down below.
He was found by a shanty town's fisherman fishing in the lake. The elders of the shanty town some version of Elves and Soulers wanting nothing to do with the High Council or civilization mind wiped him and healed him back to health.
Mindbender wound up tracking Nikolas to that shanty town in Brazil and tried to retrieve him but some native named Ein distracted the assassin into a trap. Nikolas wound up wrecking that trapped status by feeding off Ein sucking him to death which Mindbender escaped. The Elders of that town mind wiped Nikolas as a result. Dumped him into a boat via river ending into the ocean with a homing beacon for the restless natives of Australia or Egyptia, whatever to pick up and make him as a slave. Like anyone they pick off the ocean dumped there by whoever does it.
I feel sorry for Nikolas due to that he’s lost his purpose to live after being banished from Shadan and have nothing to go on except serving the High Council as some assassin who kills people without mercy on the group’s orders. Its something he disagreed with and didn't want to do at all hence he protesting to it. 
It's rather a pity anyway that Georgina's son, Yevgeny a hybrid Human like he is, isn't really Nikolas's son as in fathered by him."
Nikolas gasped hearing that as he heard "Yevgeny was actually fathered by this Human slave named Victor, which a Zeskaya sucked him to death. The sucking was out of loyalty towards this ruler named Terrania who favored any female with Georgina's appearance as his mate. Terrania is actually the leader of those sucking Zeskaya but he lets them do whatever they want and ignores them doing their deathly statuses onto people. I'll be sure to have a word with him soon. 
A pity that Yevgeny via his mind scans has latched onto Nikolas as his father. Yevgeny from what I'm hearing won’t be told a positive version of Nikolas, by the High Council, instead told some negative version and brainwashed enough to want his own father raiser dead by his hands once he’s grown. Oh well life can be terrible anyway.” 
He mentally spoke “What the people plan to do about Georgina and I being together?”
Nikolas heard from Walls ignoring his question “Ah I highly doubt that trashing his father raiser will happen. Due to that the Queen has ordered the son be trained by Soulers with emphasis to trash the High Council to him. Including making him sympathize with their warring cause with the High Council, here on Terra. 
The Soulers used their views to Yevgeny as reason why they didn’t want him to grow up copying what his Father did catching the eye of the High Council. Mostly becoming an assassin of the High Council. Or underneath his mother’s influence as a Lower One. 
Poor Georgina it’s going to take her awhile to get used to life without her offsprings to rise."
Nikolas frowned hearing Walls' sarcastic voice tone heard Walls become silent mentally spoke “I dreamed that my Georgina and I mated while I was in containment before we were forced to separate by Achilles capturing me. I also dreamed that Georgina had another carrying status. I'm surprised that Georgina had offsprings from that mating. What's going on with that?”
He frowned as Walls seemed silent before the Meritanian spoke “Well I confess I can detect when females are carrying for the first time and it doesn’t matter if their Ancient One or Lower One. I’m not detecting that from Georgina now but I did detect her carrying offsprings in a pouch way of a male and a female together. 
I do assure you that Nikolas didn't father the pouch siblings due to his eunuch status-"
Nikolas interrupted to give off a sound of disgust as Walls kept blaring ignoring his noises "The pouch siblings were fathered by Terrania with his obsession towards Human females that bare a likeness to a female who disappeared by a Zeskaya sucking her to disappear. Terrania is kind of in denial at the moment that the Zeskaya, he leads caused her disappearance. Hence his unhealthy obsession at the moment, but nothing I can do about it anyway. 
Besides I still haven’t figured out which Souler told the Queen that Nikolas would kill Georgina when their together, to put that medicine in Georgina's nourishment-"
Nikolas strained against the chains mentally yelling "I won't kill Georgina! I want her as my mate and mine! Don't poison her to death with the drugs!"
Walls, he heard continued blaring "Soulers can detect their minds scanned and some of them don’t know about me and Kiddy but from mind scans aren’t keen on us. The Lower Ones from mind scanned seemed to be accepting us even when we communicate with them.” 
Nikolas exhaled a breath to sit up and mentally yelled in his mind “Walls, get me out of here now!”
He heard from Walls as usual after a lengthy silence “Hey my Queen what are you planning on doing with that Ancient One dubbed Nikolas contained in a cell on word of a Souler, had put there?”
He frowned as Walls became silent and eyed the cell door eyeing the window to see sliver of light shining through that flickered. He figured was an eater light but his nose didn’t smell eaters to him and same with his mouth's smelling ability. 
He heard Walls talk “That Ancient One in question is named a hybrid vampire Souler dubbed Nikolas, like I already told you, came from off planet transported through a gate and was living in South America, surviving off land. He lived like that as a police keeping force killing vampires till some Elf ground dubbed High Council, got interested in him and made contact. I warn you contact turned out terrible and the High Council ordered him captured which Mindbender had trouble doing it. 
His capture was due to this forbidden Ancient One, you don't like very much, and who must not be named successfully meeting him and talking him down to surrender. It's which I was able to transport the both of them to the asylum where Nikolas was examined then thrown in a cell contained in the water ship's brig where he’s been there since put down into a sleeping status by us Meritanians. 
Nikolas admits that he's got a female he values named Georgina who's the one you already got contained in asleep in a cryogenic tube. It's him who's her mate despite not being the father of this Lower One, Georgina's current offsprings. Despite he still unable to father a female Souler which comes from the female's father actually being partially Souler actually.” 
He heard nothing more from Walls but a lengthy silence then the Meritanian was heard “Oh I confess that Nikolas's son Yevgeny, has some kind of mental mind ability that is cued to myself and Kiddy which means he can always hear us talking and it doesn’t matter where he is for he’ll always hear us talk period. Hence his hissy fit he's throwing at the moment regarding his father raiser. Sorry didn't figure out what was going on with Yevgeny till I actually accessed his mind.” 
He sighed and leaned his back against the wall with a frown to hear clanking sounds from faint become louder and louder along with slamming sounds of doors opening. 
He frowned wondering "What was going on?" 
Till in answer to his question, the door to the cell slammed open and he blinked from the glare of a bright light shining onto him. 
He heard from Walls “Yes, my Queen that’s Nikolas himself, alone and forgotten in a jail cell very rudely, so do something about him. It’s not good for his health to remain where he is anyway.” 
Nikolas grimaced from the light’s glare as figures came into view with clanking sounds very loudly which he didn’t resists as the chains on his wrists and ankles were yanked off and his arms grabbed and him hauled off the bench towards the light. 
He shut his eyes from the glare as he felt himself halted and felt a hand feminine touching his cheek. Nikolas felt some odd sense within him that told him his mind was being scanned which he kept his eyes shut in response. He felt the scanning seemed lengthy along with the sense persisted then the hand removed itself from his cheek with the sense stopped and the light he sensed shined elsewhere. 
He jerked open his eyes as he was hauled out of the cell through a hallway lighted by glowing lamps that appeared to something else than eaters to him. 
He frowned recognizing the Queen in front of him with two guards behind her as she led the way out of the brig taking a route through the sea vessel despite feeling a tipping feeling indicating it, till they reached a door and he was thrust inside seeing it was a small bedroom. He stood looking around and heard a throat clearing noise behind him. 
Nikolas looked to see the Queen his senses blared telling him she was not the original Queen he met but another version who spoke “You’ll find everything you need in this room. Nourishment will be brought to you at a later time. 
Don’t think of leaving the room for guards have been ordered to bring you down on sight. Now I suggest you stay in this room for your own good due to that I’m trying to find some purpose for you to do other than the purpose of you an Ancient One, like we revere religiously, so stay please.” 
He frowned hearing the word please gave a head bob as the Queen left the room with guards shutting the door. He heard a lock click sound sighed and went to the door and found that the door refused to open or budge from its closed status despite his hand’s manipulations. 
He exhaled a breath to look around the room seeing it was some kind of cell bedroom holding various furniture which he spotted a doorway went to it to see it was a bathroom with an area that had some pipe above his head having a sprout. He sighed and walked passed the sink to spot a figure in it which he stopped and stared. Nikolas saw a muscular male Human from waist up male having the looks of Nightwalker, a deity God vampire he recalled from Terra's land of Brazil, he saw that moved when he moved. 
He heard from Walls “Nikolas, that’s called a mirror a reflective glass that shows what you look like.”
Nikolas sighed hearing that and recalled why people kept on calling him Nightwalker at first meeting, including mistakenly thought he was a vampire. He again heard from Walls instructing him on the use of the bathroom facilities. He obeyed finding that the Meritanian wasn’t kidding about what he said. Even took his first rain water bath what the plant called was a shower for the first time using hot water to toleration levels. 
He sigh feeling himself better from the shower along with the use of soap to feel himself happy from what Walls called body washing while in the shower. He walked out once done completely washed from the soap and shampoo he used on his body and walked out of shower tub to go to a towel which he eyed with a frown on instructions from the Meritanian. 
He picked up the towel and dried himself then he picked up the object with two fingers and carried it arm length in front of him out of the bathroom to a chair. He dumped and took a look around to spot something resembling folded blanket was on the bed. 
Nikolas once done exploring the room went to the bed with a frown while thinking of Georgina. 
He wound up sat on it leaning against the padded headboard eyes on the door to see it open with the lock clicking to see a guard come into the room carrying a cup which smell of blood assaulted him making his stomach rumble in hunger. He eyed the guard who placed the cup down on the floor and then walked out shutting the door with lock clicking heard again. 
Nikolas darted towards the cup finding it contained his familiar bloody drink, along with instructed on how to use what Walls called, the use of cloth called a napkin for wiping his mouth, once done drinking. He proceeded to do finding himself terribly hungry and once done got up and went back to the bed to sit leaning back on the headboard. 
Nikolas felt himself tired shut his eyes only to open them with a start which he looked around in the dim light to spot a figure standing in front of the bathroom doorway. He figured was an Ancient One from the looks of him he recognized as Forbidden One. Nikolas figured that Forbidden One name was said because of the feeling of friendly behavior towards the Ancient One hit him making him annoyed. 
Nikolas stared at Forbidden One still wearing a helmet covering his head sensing the male was staring at him back along with his mind scanned sense hitting him. He frowned from the feeling. 
He continued to stare at Forbidden One as the friendly feeling took control. It made him held up his hand in a handshake gesture as light became dimmer. He sensed his mind scanned stopped then the male shook his head in a First One no gesture then turned around and went through the bathroom doorway disappearing in a flash of light. 
Nikolas frowned figuring that the Ancient One's status as a Forbidden One was from gate traveling through doorways including his feelings of friendliness he got from him. 
He felt confusion to why the Ancient One was observing him and mentally spoke as he recalled Georgina "Why isn't I with Georgina like I hoped?"
Nikolas heard nothing in answer to his thoughts got up from the bed and began to pace till he felt a compulsion to sit down onto the bed which he obeyed.
He heard from Walls abruptly “That Ancient One detected in the bedroom with Nikolas is the Forbidden One in question. He was checking out some rumor about Nikolas involving the description this Lower One, Georgina gave of her Nikolas. That rumor was said that Georgina met Nikolas causing trouble with Ancient Ones as an assassin. She according to the rumor got Nikolas to surrender which made it easy for Soulers to capture him.” 
He mentally spoke “Hmm interesting-“
He was interrupted by Walls speaking “Hey my Queen, I’m not kidding on what’s said about Nikolas and Georgina being paired together.”
He heard a pause followed by Walls continuing speaking “Nikolas from knowing him was dependant on the natives of the South American states to help give him a purpose to live other than serving the High Council. They gave him a purpose to live while living on Terra due to that he didn’t want to hang around the High Council as an assassin of them. He refused at first when the High Council tried to get him to serve them. 
Nikolas wound up using the South Americans to give him a reason for refusal and as a slayer of vampires to do it. Sorry, but I’m not kidding about what I said. 
The High Council did him a favor letting him off alive due to that death doesn’t solve things instead makes things worse."
Nikolas howled mentally "Why isn't Georgina and I together?!"
He got from Walls in response "Your going to love this."
Nikolas frowned but didn't comment a response as the door to the room opened followed by the Queen arriving into the room with her guards making him gulp. He gulped as the guards in blurring speeds grabbed his arms. 
Nikolas found his arms grabbed by the familiar birdmen of the High Council dubbed Falcons. Muscular men with Human bodies and a head full of a bird's head complete with feathers to make him gulp further. 
He found the familiar assassin that chased him in the jungles of South American entering the room with golden eyes narrowed in a glare. 
Nikolas gulped but didn't comment a response instead kept his mouth shut. He waited as the Queen and assassin had a mental talk followed by the male giving him a narrowed eyes glare and gnashing fanged teeth in his direction.
Nikolas felt a compulsion to speak spoke "I don't want to be an assassin of the High Council. I would rather serve them doing something else instead."
He stiffened as images flooded his mind he confused to why he was getting them after getting a bit of a headache hitting him.
Nikolas frowned as he heard "My Queen, just scan this Nikolas's mind and see why I'm insisting to the High Council to keep him alive."
He heard nothing more from Walls blaring in his mind frowned as the Queen marched up towards him and slapped a hand onto his cheek. He was grimacing from his mind being scanned and kept on grimacing seeing a range of emotions on her face. 
He frowned but didn't protest as the Queen was felt digging her fingernails into his cheek followed by making faint rubs of her nails onto the area. He saw the Queen turn around to face the assassin who flexed a clawed hand into his direction and walked forwards till the male put his hand onto his cheek. 
Nikolas groaned softly feeling the assassin's bony hand onto his cheek that felt like cat's claws from the tips that began digging into the area. He grunted as the hand's claws dug grooved lines across his cheek bringing pain making him grimace fully. Nikolas kept on grimacing from the digging till the Queen removed the assassin's hand off his cheek and pushed the male away with a hand in front of the assassin's chest area as in indicating a mental shield doing the pushing. 
He kept his mouth shut as he eyed the Queen warily to find her jerking her head towards him followed by feeling sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Georgina sat in her padded room feeling annoyed at being contained and not allowed to get out despite pounding onto the walls, demanding her freedom. 
She felt bored sitting crossed legged into the room till the wall in front of her slid open followed by males with Human bodies and bird heads entered the room grabbing her arms. She forced herself to not to resists as the birdmen got a blind fold placed over her eyes and lifted her up. She felt herself sailing in the air while still feeling the clawed hands of the birdmen attached to her arms. 
Georgina frowned but didn't comment a response as she was tossed into a padded wall with force and slid down after freed from the birdmen. She removed the blindfold with disgust taking hold to find herself in a larger padded room with a black window that was her height at the waist and above. 
She frowned hearing a soft snoring sound to explore the room finding a cot holding a figure covered entirely by the blanket. 
Georgina removed the blanket gently to find a male lying underneath it asleep wearing Nikolas's face while wearing get up of white skirt, a golden necklace of the sun and a feathered headdress with eyes shut giving off a snoring sound. She frowned while eyeing the male warily she figured wasn't her Nikolas but on closer inspection examined him and his face feeling it all over including not sparing his chest. 
She exhaled a breath when she realized with a start that the Nikolas lying in front of her was the legendary Nightwalker, the vampire who's form was twin to her Nikolas. She felt confusion taking hold wondering why Nightwalker's face and form was twin to her Nikolas. 
She didn't comment a response instead gently kissed Nightwalker on the cheek finding he remained asleep. Georgina put the blanket back over him then went to the padded corner to sit with arms around her bent legs. 
She didn't have long to wait as the familiar birdmen arrived via a hidden status and resumed putting the blindfold back onto her followed by flying her in the air. 
She felt confusion hitting her in the air flying till she again was stopped then forced to kneel and blindfold removed. Georgina gasped seeing male wearing black armored clothes with Nikolas's face asleep in a wheelchair with Nikolas's long black hair she confused to why she was shown this male to her.
Georgina spoke "What's the importance of showing me this?"
She heard nothing in response to her spoken words only to find the armored Nikolas waking up jerking open eyes showing them all red creeping her out. She felt creep scared seeing the eyes as the Nikolas in armor appeared to see her and was struggling in the wheelchair's restraints to free himself.
Georgina spoke loudly "Nikolas?"
She got a roar from the male in response who kept on flaring red eyes and struggling to free himself including gnashing his fanged teeth while jerking his head back and forth. 
Georgina got up feeling the birdmen still holding onto her arms and went to the armored male to place a hand onto his cheek despite his attempts to bite her. She found the male shook off her hand and kept acting wildly while restrained. 
Georgina spoke "This is not my Nikolas."
Once again the blindfold was placed over her eyes and she was again sailed in the air till something of a bed landed onto her back after thrown. She removed the blindfold while hearing a faint muffled groaning noise. 
She found herself lying on a bed next to a male chained to the headboard and clad only in a loin cloth that kept on giving her looks of disgust via the eyes despite having a rope into his mouth. 
Georgina eyed the male then looked around the room finding it was a jail cell of stone and there was another bed holding another twin male giving her twin looks of disgust.
She got up without a word and spoke "These two aren't my Nikolas."
Georgina again got blindfolded and sailed through the air till she smelled salt air of the ocean and landed onto dirt ground while hearing "Georgina!"
She removed the blindfold to find the birdmen were restraining male wearing black, clothes of black pants and nothing on his form despite his appearance was twin to Nikolas. She saw that he was trying to speak despite a male Human via appearance and creepy black eyes had his mouth covered. 
Georgina eyed Nikolas finding the male Human was smirking with some sneer she figured was a servant of the High Council as she found herself in the presence of the High Council's group. She felt annoyance take hold finding the group was nine red hooded robes in stone seats that were silent and not moving as she kept on hearing muffled talk from Nikolas.
Georgina pointed a finger at Nikolas seeing the familiar look he gave her when they mated in his eyes and spoke loudly "That's my Nikolas."

Nikolas recalled waking up in the presence of the High Council they interrogated him without his shirt on for whipping on his relationship with Georgina. 
He felt annoyance take hold when the familiar assassin was felt scratching his back despite he kept on saying "Georgina is mine! She's mine as my mate and mother of my offsprings!"
Nikolas recalled fully that the assassin stopped scratching his back followed by walking into sight and willing aside his bony look with the golden eyes to show a Human like look giving him the creeps. He gulped seeing that look while restrained by the Falcons as the Human walked up towards him and slapped him onto the face repeatedly despite he kept on repeating his words. 
Nikolas found the assassin Human quit the slapping to turn around showing another set of Falcons appear into view holding a figure and dump the figure onto the ground. He gasped of shock recognizing her as Georgina clad in her familiar jumpsuit who removed her blindfold looking at the direction of the High Council. 
Nikolas yelled "Georgina!"
His yell was cut off by the Human assassin putting a hand over his mouth and blocking him from speaking further despite seeing Georgina looking at his direction he kept on giving off muffled talk in her name. Nikolas felt relieved seeing Georgina confirm who he was. He was still restrained by the Falcons, servants of the High Council and their assassin in his creepy Human form with cut scarred mark on the face and creepy black Human eyes. 
Nikolas cut his noises to glare at the High Council with annoyance within him.
He heard "Prove it Human, that that's your Nikolas!"
Nikolas felt annoyance take hold hearing the voice of the High Council sounding above him and not with the red hooded figures. He shifted towards Georgina via his eyes and stared at her with his familiar pleading look of mating despite feeling his sexual urges hitting him again.

Georgina didn't comment a response to the wording by the High Council eyed Nikolas with her eyes narrowed then saw what she wanted to see looked away to glare at the High Council.
She spoke loudly "He's given me that look he's given me just prior to our creation of our offsprings involving mating. It's in his eyes from the looks of him I recognized from him and didn't recognize from the others posing as Nikolas himself."
Georgina felt confident with what she said as she heard "Your confidence is based on his looks alone and nothing involving his personality wise."
She formed a glare and snarled angrily "Tell that to my sons, Yevgeny and Mykaru, and daughters, Mara and Malaja! He treated them normally as they wished while being raised by them! That despite he didn't fathered them but he raised them as his!"
She didn't have long to wait as Nikolas she saw was freed from the birdmen who darted towards her yelling "Georgina!"
She got up in a fast speed move, only compelled to remain standing and waited as Nikolas reached her to grab her in a hug in a fast move. He was gently rubbing the top of her head while rubbing a hand over her back and kept on giving off sounds of moaning to him that seemed sexual to her. 
Georgina didn't comment a response as Nikolas kept up the moaning sounds that sounded like he was crying to her followed by him licking her on the cheek and hugging her. She frowned as Nikolas kept his licking followed by quitting and then hugged her with arms wrapped around her. 

Nikolas felt relieved to finally hug and hold Georgina. He felt his familiar sense involving Georgina going off from him touching her as she kept her arms and hands to herself. He ignored his urges to mate hitting him and kept his licking onto her cheek while holding onto her. 
Nikolas quit the licking and hugged Georgina in a tight hugged hold finding she not protesting to that hugged status but remained still. 
Nikolas stiffened as he got an image in his mind when he shut his eyes. He saw the image in his mind persisted obeyed to see it via his mind he gulped seeing it. 
Nikolas saw an image of a male a Human with tan skin, spiked black hair, wearing black clothes and golden Human like eyes giving him a glare of accusation with his face in his mind. 
He gulped from the image of the male but felt Georgina patting his chest making him sigh from her touch along with figuring out that her hug hold tolerance reached its end. He released Georgina to stare at her with a frown as she shifted to glare at the High Council in response while grabbing his hand he kissing it with his mouth. 

Georgina glared at the High Council with disgust taking hold within her. 
She kept the glare as the High Council spoke "Sages transport one Nikolas and Georgina out to Fatherland as it's called in Europe by the Elves and erase this visit out of their minds now!"
She gulped but didn't protest as she found Nikolas and herself standing in a water fountain with water spilling down behind them along with armored Elves standing banging their swords onto their shields while ordering them out. 
She obeyed finding Nikolas managed to pick her up and carry her out followed by grimacing when the Elves forced him to drop her. She landed onto her feet. Followed by the Elves guards of a ruler, she assumed were they, putting chains onto both of Nikolas's and hers necks. The guards to her disgust forced them to walk forwards backwards thrust into directions by them manipulating the chains.
Georgina felt disgust take hold when she heard "Tut." 
It sounded behind her after figuring out that they were in a throne room and forced to kneel followed by twisted around to face an Elf a female wearing a crown while seated on a throne chair with a cold calculating look in her eyes making her nervous. 
Georgina didn't comment a response as the Queen she figured was the Elf female got up from her throne chair and went to Nikolas putting hands on top of his cheeks. She found the elf guards restraining Nikolas from moving as she glared at the Queen. She kept the glare without a word as Nikolas was heard giving off whimpering noises followed by silence. 
Georgina eyed Nikolas who appeared to be put asleep by the Queen who removed her hands followed by going to her and put hands on top of her head. She grimaced feeling her mind scanned including feeling the guards restraining her as she felt her entire contents of her mind scanned entirely leaving nothing in place up to her birth by a Human female named Valeria in her mind shocking her. She gulped as she felt sleepiness hitting her shut her eyes and passed out unconscious.

Nikolas woke up by a hand patting his cheek only to find himself still in the Elf Queen's presence. She patting him on the cheek while he was lying on the floor he groaning and grunting from a dream of spidery creepy like ships firing eater balls all over a planetary world deadened it flashing in his mind. He jerked open his eyes to find himself freed of the manacle and heard a tut from the Elf's Queen. 
Nikolas got up in a fast speed move only to find Georgina lying next to him on the floor looking unconscious and appearing to have a nightmare by the scared look on her face. He grunted an annoyed sound and without a word towards the Queen went to Georgina intending to pick her up only to feel something like a claw swipe his hand cutting the area. 
He grunted from the pain of the claw swipe and ignored the swiping claw to pick up Georgina in his arms as he gave her forehead a lick and held her while glaring at the Queen has the clawed hand swiped him all over his bare skin. He ignored the clawed hand and gave the Queen a glare of annoyance within him who spoke a tut sound. 
Nikolas heard a whining like squeal noise followed by gulping when he saw the male from his mind, wearing a breathing device, appearing in sight from a hidden status with hands bare and wearing only pants giving him a glare of accusation with his golden eyes. 
Nikolas gulped but didn't comment a response instead eyed the Queen who matched the golden eyes male's glare of accusation with her eyes. 
He gulped and spoke "Something I should be aware of since I'm clueless to what it is?"
Nikolas got a growling noise from the golden eyed male only to find the Queen cut him off with a look of a glare aimed at the male. 
He frowned but didn't comment a response as the Queen looked at him and heard a blaring voice blasting in his mind "Who's Raisa?"
Nikolas spoke "I don't remember anyone named Raisa."
He gasped as the Queen cocked her head followed by himself dropping Georgina onto the ground who was caught by the golden eyed male who cradled her in a gentle move. Nikolas gasped loudly as he saw fully in his mind a female Human who was a part of a water species dubbed, Trigan that was Humans that could shift form from Human to Orca whales and back. He saw that the female in his mind, was covered in black clothes with white webby hands and feet while having black Human eyes and long black hair and white skin, waving a fist of anger towards him. 
He gulped finding the image of the Trigan stopped flashing followed by hearing "That's Raisa."
Nikolas gulped further and spoke "I don't remember much involving this Raisa."
He again got another headache as he saw fully in his mind Raisa and he mating followed by himself looking at her and giving out a sound of disgust and forming a grimace on his face and saying "Ugh."
Nikolas frowned as the image persisted followed by himself going to a female lying on a bed appearing to be a metallic room and saw the female was Georgina herself. 
He gulped when he saw in his mind himself speaking "Perfect. She'll do for what I want."
Nikolas continued to gulp as he saw fully in his mind of himself raping Georgina asleep followed by her waking up to put hands onto his hands and then resumed falling asleep as he heard a scream.
He jerked open his eyes to look finding Georgina had woken up with a shriek and yelling towards the golden eyed male "Paws off now!"
Nikolas felt his arms restrained by the Falcons as he found Georgina rejecting the golden eyed male's sexual mating behaviors by slapping his hands he saw was clawed away from her and snarling her familiar comment.
He felt annoyance take hold spoke "Georgina, appearances are deceiving."

Georgina clamped her mouth shut into a thin line hearing Nikolas's comment regarding appearances and restrained herself to remain still as the male Human with golden eyes and scaly like skin brought a clawed hand onto her cheek. She sighed and didn't protest as the male was felt rubbing her cheek with his knuckles of his hand in some gentle move as she stared at him. 
Georgina frowned while staring at the male with familiarity running through her who remained gentle with his stroking followed by restraining herself again when he kissed her on the lips. She didn't protest to the kiss as the male quit the kiss then helped her stand up followed by restraining her from behind with hands onto her arms. 
She saw Nikolas staring at her with a frown but his familiar look was in his eyes. She eyed the Elf Queen who gave up a tut sound followed by feeling the claws of the male restraining her pulling her out of the throne room while hearing Nikolas yelling her name in some pleading voice tone.

Nikolas yelled "Georgina!"
He found his mouth again covered by the creepy black eyed Human to face the Queen while restrained by the Falcons. He formed a glare of annoyance take hold and watched as the Queen went towards him to put hands onto his forehead. 
He grimaced as he recalled his familiar dream involving spider like ships flying in the sky firing eater balls onto a planet that was consumed by the eaters to leave nothing but barren ground and the rivers dried up along with the ocean turning an angry red color. 
He didn't comment a response as he heard "Just shut your eyes and concentrate onto what you're seeing via your mind."
Nikolas frowned hearing the voice sounded feminine and familiar to him obeyed to shut his eyes focusing onto the image of his dream. He kept on focusing as if drawn to find a round ball with stripes including an angry red dot in one part of it flash into view, showing the familiar spider ships. He saw the spider ships were like spiders giving him the creeps and floated in the darkness with round white dots like they were moving in the ocean underwater flexing in and out as they passed by that big ball.
"It's a planet, called Jupiter by the Humans." He heard from the feminine voice.
Nikolas kept on watching via his mind as the spider ships arrived to a planet that was blue colored and mostly full of brownness with small oceans. He kept on watching as the spider ships orbited the planet despite there a machine like moon orbiting it.
Nikolas heard "Where is that planet you're seeing? Show me more of the area."
He obeyed to focus within his mind onto the sun shining in view and went to it, followed by its brightness hurting his eyes and left the sun going around in a circle, to find, a small planet, he saw followed by another planet he saw after another circular orbit. 
Nikolas kept on seeing via his mind as there was a third planet with a moon full of lights shining from it. He heard a gasp from the feminine voice as he focused onto the planet he saw was mostly full of water by the blue seen despite some brownness and whites on the poles on top and bottom and appeared familiar to him. 
He heard from the female voice "Focus onto seeing a way to this planet that will receive destruction."
He obeyed to find the planet orbited by the spider ships was fourth from the sun after the mostly blue familiar planet as he again heard gasps.
Nikolas felt like he had an enough of viewing what he was seeing in his mind jerked open his eyes speaking "I have an enough of seeing this."
He found the Queen without a word removing her hand and speaking "Tut."
He frowned as the Human male with creepy eyes put a blindfold over his eyes followed by feeling himself sailing in the air by the hands of the Falcons lifting him up and floating him. 
Nikolas found himself tossed onto a bed back onto it while hearing a loud growling noise. He gulped hearing the noises he recognized belonged to the golden eyed male to jerk aside his blindfold finding the male in view in the bedroom he saw. 
Nikolas found the golden eyed male without a word snatching the blindfold from his hands and fading from view he figured involved hidden status ability. 
Nikolas groaned loudly while lying on the bed rubbing a hand over his forehead as he heard a sound of a door banging open along with hearing "Nikolas!"

Georgina woke up from lying onto a bed she saw was a couch in the living room portion of an apartment and felt a hand grab her hand from a hidden status. She stiffened recognizing the hand belonging to the golden eyed male who she rejected his sexual advances. He was felt gently pulled her further into the residence she saw was an apartment into a big building via the windows and doors open. She found the hand led her to a bedroom and let go of her hand followed by opening the door in front of her. 
She walked inside and shrieked "Nikolas!" 
Georgina without a word darted towards Nikolas to land onto his front he exhaled a breath from her landing and kissed him onto the lips he kissed her back in response. She didn't comment a response to Nikolas felt ripping off her jumpsuit baring her naked body and felt his hands all over her not sparing her privates. 
Georgina broke off the kiss in response and without a word yanked off Nikolas's pants to make him nude. She straddled him and sighed loudly feeling his sensitive part entering her as he brought his hands onto her hips and she brought her hands onto his shoulders. 
Georgina sighed feeling pleasure of electricity of her privates feeling Nikolas thrust in and out of her as she rocked him in response. She jerked out a shrieking like cry when she felt an electrical charge of pleasure hitting her intensively running through her. She found Nikolas felt the same feeling while hearing him giving out a roaring like cry. She collapsed on top of Nikolas who stretched while feeling him still imbedded inside her she sensed he was smirking from the mating.
She raised her head and spoke "Nikolas." while glaring at him via her eyes in slits.

Nikolas gulped seeing her eyes were narrowed of accusation in them. He kept on gulping as he didn't protest as Georgina without a word got off of him removing himself from her. He shivered from the loss of her surrounding him as she without a word went to the other side of the bed yanking up the blanket covering her and then sat crossed legged while giving him another glare. 
Nikolas frowned as Georgina spoke "So who's Raisa?"
He gulped finding she was giving him a look like she knew the answer to that question and wanted him to confirm it.
Nikolas groaned and spoke "She's a Trigan an Orca Human named Raisa."
"And?" He got from Georgina in response.
He sighed again and spoke "Raisa and I were fated to be together according to Terrania."
Nikolas got another and comment from Georgina as he added "I rejected Raisa based on her appearance soon after mating with her. I didn't realize that appearances were deceiving when I pulled this joke onto her and rejected her for another female based onto her appearance."
He gulped as Georgina thumped a fist onto his shoulder in some fast move she giving him a glare showing her green eyes turned golden colored making him nervous.
She spoke "Anything else you want to admit hmm?"
Nikolas spoke "I rejected Raisa by her appearance and had chosen you to be my mate instead of her. It was based on your appearance being acceptable to me."

Georgina in response rained fists onto Nikolas's front including not sparing his sensitive part she heard grunted from the raining. 
She heard "What's with fisting me?"
She snarled angrily "You're an idiot Nikolas! Get out of the bedroom and take the couch now! I refused to sleep with you on this jokey status you pulled basing people's appearances as their personalities instead of their personalities as themselves!'
Nikolas spoke "I'm not sleeping on the couch-"
She interrupted "Get out now!"
Georgina without a word got off the bed still clutching the blanket while snarling "Get out!"

Nikolas felt annoyance take hold felt a compulsion to get up by Georgina speaking gibberish that suspiciously sounded like a Compeller's voice language and voice tone. It was followed by picking up his clothes from the floor and leaving the bedroom slamming the door. 
He felt a compulsion to leave the apartment which he obeyed going into the hallway leading to the apartment while putting on his clothes only to find an elevator doors opening in the hallway in front of him. 
Nikolas frowned as two figures, a male with short black hair having the look of the golden eyed male, by the eyes and face including a female with longer brown hair having Georgina's face walk into sight giving him glares. Nikolas didn't comment a response stomped by the twins he assumed were the teens by the looks of them and their appearance and went into the elevator. 
He stood with arms folded adjusting his clothes only to find the male teen with snickering dart into the elevator pressing a button followed by darting out still snickering loudly. Nikolas growled an annoyed sound and felt the elevator going down to its numbered floor despite his attempts to press for lobby as marked onto the button console. 
He felt annoyance take hold as the elevator with a loud ding stopped at its mysterious floor followed by arms grabbed by the familiar Falcons who hauled him out into the hallway. Nikolas growled loudly guttural noises as he was led out of the elevator to the hallway to a door having a glass door sign on it. It was followed by finding the familiar creepy eyed male, assassin, appearing in sight via hidden status to knock a fist onto the door in some insisting banging move. 
Nikolas felt the Falcons forced him to kneel while freeing his arms and grabbed his head forcing his neck to be bared while making him eye the door warily. He didn't have long to wait as there was a figure of black seen via the fuzzy glass that opened the door sliding it asides showing an Elf wearing an uniform in blue with a hat on top of the head. 
Nikolas frowned as the Elf without a word cocked his head and then walked out stepping aside to show another figure dressed in sinister black clothes with a barrel shaped head he figured was a mask. 
Nikolas kept his mouth into a thin line and eyed the black clad figure he figured was a male who walked up towards him and began punching him into the front. He grimaced from the punching that felt like his ribs were being cracked from the blows. 
Nikolas grimaced as the figure halted his punching by the Elf putting a hand onto the male's shoulder. He frowned while eyeing the male who without a word jabbed a finger aimed at him and waved him away, followed by the Falcons grabbing his arms as he grimaced from the pain of his ribs. He grunted as the Falcons got him into the elevator that went down followed by hauling him outside into the city of metallic buildings and dumping him onto the sidewalk. 
Nikolas groaned from people mostly Elves felt walking onto him using him as a sidewalk as there was a sound of a siren blaring loudly. He grunted as the people ran all over the place including not sparing running on top of him as he forced himself to get up. 
He crawled towards the entrance of the building find the Falcons grabbing him again and hauled him inside dumping him onto the floor. 
Nikolas groaned feeling sleepiness hitting him as he heard "Nighty night smarty" sounding in his mind. 
He obeyed to shut his eyes as he passed out unconscious he thought to himself "Who will forgive me for what I've done?"
Nikolas heard nothing in answer to his question instead passed out unconscious.

Georgina in her apartment went into the bathroom en suite after throwing aside her blanket. 
"The nerve of that idiot!" She snarled loudly.
Without a word she entered the en suite bathroom and got herself into the shower stall to clean herself thoroughly of soap and shampoo mostly washing Nikolas's scent off of her. She felt herself much better from the shower walked out grabbing a towel and toweled herself off of water. 
She walked out of the bathroom only to scream of shock finding she wasn't alone in the bedroom, for sitting on the bed was a female Human, along with noticing a male Human with looks of the golden eyed male that was touchy onto her earlier before dumping her onto Nikolas, sitting in the armchair. 
She exhaled a breath finding the male and female appeared to be twins by their looks of shock to her screaming. Identical at the same time including noticing that they were younger than her aged appearance, to look like they needed another growth spurt then they'll be fully grown.
Georgina frowned while staring at the female who got up and went to her putting a hand onto her shoulder she hearing speaking "There, there, mother don't worry about yourself being hurt. You're safe among us."
She sighed hearing the female sounded like herself as she eyed the male twin warily who shrugged and spoke "Nikolas can't conceived offsprings no matter how many times he mates with you or any other female."
She gasped at the twin who added "He's eunuch. Doesn't realize it as a result of his jokey status he pulled onto Raisa. She cut himself off from that joke he pulled. Emperor Shintaro Tanaka, or whatever number as he calls himself, recognized the eunuch status but did mating of males fathering offsprings onto you, via selected males submitting it. He made Nikolas and you think he fathered us, when he didn't."
Georgina kept on gasping loudly as the female twin without a word cleared her throat loudly. She found the male twin without a word getting up from the armchair and leaving the room slamming the door with a bang sound. 
She grimaced from the noises to eye the female who spoke "Name is Malaja as you named me. That's my pouch or twin brother Mykaru as you named him. Our father is the Terrania, as he calls himself, ruler of Terra, in figurehead status. The Terrania is considered ruler of Rhineland, the city as named by the Elves, when it's named Berlin. It is only involving Humans living as equals in Fatherland while slavery is elsewhere. 
We do have a brother named Yevgeny who's the oldest whose father is a Human male named Victor who you paired yourself to, that got sucked to death by a Zeskaya. Sorry nothing could be done about that except when a Zeskaya got to feed they feed period." 
She gasped at Malaja who ignored her gasping and got from her daughter "Anyway you need something to wear. So I have some clothes for you to wear while you're out and about this city of Rhineland as the Elves calls it. Despite it's in the state of Commonwealth of Independent States of Europe. The state where we Humans can live without slavery is dubbed Fatherland in Europe, ruled by the Elves. The Elves allow Humans to rule cities in Europe but only involving Fatherland state actually."
She exhaled a breath and didn't comment a response as Malaja let go of her and she shaky legs went to the bed to sit down collapsing in relief. Her daughter got clothes from the closet and got her to stand up, allowing herself to be dressed like a doll. Georgina groaned softly from the dress she was wearing, was blue colored and draped over her form, along with omitting undergarments including given flat booties shoes in black and then got her hair brushed by Malaja. 
She groaned feeling tears spilling from her eyes and didn't protest as Malaja got her out of the bedroom. She still letting her eyes water and found her daughter meeting her twin, her son Mykaru on the way.
Mykaru, she stared at, spoke seeing her weeping "Mother needs fresh air to be outside walking. That nasty storm from King Winter is over from blowing onto here."
She didn't protest as Malaja and accompanied Mykaru got them all out of the apartment into the elevator via a private hallway and felt it go down. She felt her knees getting weak as Malaja and Mykaru held her up to keep her from sinking. 
Georgina didn't comment a response as she was led out of the elevator. She hearing and smelling nothing involving outside and allowed to kneel onto the floor which she rocked her form back and forth while crying out tears. She kept on weeping while finding herself speaking a word over and over till a hand familiar was felt stroking her cheek. 
Georgina halted her rocking and crying to focus onto the hand's owner she felt belonged to the familiar male with golden eyes that was touchy onto her. She sighed and didn't comment a response as the hand was felt rubbing her cheek via the knuckles onto the area she shut her eyes and sighed loudly. 
Georgina didn't comment a response as she heard an ahem noise followed by opening her eyes. She gulped when the golden eyed male put on a barrel shaped mask she recognized him as Terrania as said by Malaja ruler of Rhineland city. She kept her mouth into a thin line recognizing Terrania as the one who she met in Nikolas's metallic hut that resulted into her carrying twins. 
Georgina got up in a fast speed move only to feel the familiar birdmen holding onto her arms as she snarled angrily "You're an idiot to base people off their appearances like Nikolas is doing to me and whoever!"
She got no reaction from Terrania who folded his arms with hands becoming fisted, she noticed. 
Georgina yelled again "The world is full of idiots using appearances to describe a person's personality! It should be their contents of their personality to describe a person than what they appear on the outside! Such as their eyes, color of their skin, hairstyle and clothes dismissed and focused onto talking to that person to find out what their like personality wise! 
It makes me furious when you stinking people are all the same doing that jokey status onto each other! I'm furious with you and Nikolas for that ridiculous status!"
She glared at Terrania with a glare who without a word or gesture walked away as she yelled "Don't you dare turn your back to me, Eric!"
Georgina stiffened hearing her use the name of Eric to realize with a start why Terrania was targeting females with her appearance. She stiffened from shock to realize that Terrania's actual name was Eric and he had a female with her appearance that was disappeared, as in speak for dead, he outlived living forever like a Zeskaya, without sucking ability. She found Terrania halted his walk to turn around as if shocked while appearing to lower his arms, hands still fisted.
Georgina spoke loudly while giving Eric a glare "Just quit the fact that you people are judging people by their appearances. Appearances are deceiving actually. You think something pretty, can actually be deadly enough to cause disappearance. Something appearing weak can be actually stronger than they appear. Someone strong can be actually weak and trade offs."
She quit yelling to frown while staring at Eric who shifted to face an Elf she heard speaking "Says I have gained your lesson well and will take it in heart. You're free to go to be paired with your designed mate Nikolas. Just as long as he must pay a price tag for having you as his."
She gulped when she heard Eric's price tag and spoke firmly while eyeing Eric in the eyes after he removed his head cover "You have my agreement."
She found herself freed from the Falcons and found Malaja and Mykaru in sight taking her arm and pulling her away. Georgina felt tears spilling via her eyes obeyed to lose herself to her sadness.

Nikolas wound up getting into an argument with a female giving him familiarity after woken up by her slapping him onto the face, next to him she sitting in a metallic chair with wheels soon after he woke up. He found himself arguing with the female, her calling herself Raisa, he knew she was his Raisa, he rejected. 
Nikolas heard from Raisa "You're still basing appearances onto people as their personalities!"
Nikolas had snarled back in response "I gave up doing that bit after an account of your mother, Merra the Meritanian made it clear it's inappropriate!"
He glared at Raisa who snarled "You didn't seem to be inclined to be friendly with me or help me get into the room after trouble with the door at first when I called for help!"
He gave Raisa a glare and got from her adding "I was yelling my head off and you kept on sleeping ignoring me including looking at me with that look of disgust on your face and refused to help instead you resumed sleeping!"
Nikolas snarled in response "You're not an invalid like you think you are!"
He glared at Raisa who in response punched a fist into his sensitive part he grunted from the pain but refrained from bending down in response. Nikolas repeated his words only to get another fist punch into his sensitive part by Raisa as he heard clapping noises sounding loudly halting their argument and fisting.
Nikolas looked with a grimace finding the familiar barrel shaped head male, aka Terrania, was in sight into the lobby clapping his hands and folding his arms. 
He found an Elf guard looking at Terrania as if eyeing him and heard "Says Nikolas has a point of you, Raisa thinking yourself as an invalid when your not."
Nikolas gulped but didn't comment a response as he eyed Raisa who gave him a glare and then bent down groaning when he again felt her fist hit him in the sensitive part. He grunted from the pain to rub himself and cupped himself with a hand while giving Raisa a glare of accusation hearing further from the Elf guard speaking.
"Says there's medical advances to help people like you, Raisa to walk again." said the Elf including adding "Shouldn't you be doing something involving this hmm?"
Nikolas felt Raisa's fist hitting his hand over his private in response. He brought his other hand over the area and moved himself away from Raisa as far as he could stand only to find her wheeling herself closer towards him to again punch him. 
Nikolas groaned out "I'm not for you to punch!"
He found Raisa refused to listen instead kept on trying to use him as punching bag as he darted out of length of her hands and found her following all around via wheeling to further punch him. 
Nikolas heard blared in his mind "Says I'll leave if I were you. Raisa, my mate is still too angry to think straight so leave."
He groaned and obeyed to dart out of the entrance finding a metallic door slamming shut with a bang sound ignored by the people he noticed were Human, Elves and Soulers walking by in a fast move ignoring him standing. Nikolas forced himself to walk out of the vicinity of the apartment to walk around the city where natives wear black clothing him ignored paying attention to where he was going. 

Georgina didn't protest as Malaja got her outside via a stairwell route and smelling the salt air of the ocean. 
She groaned softly and didn't protest as Malaja spoke "Good luck Momsy on your travels around Rhineland."
She groaned and found Malaja going back inside slamming the door leaving her standing in an alleyway alone. Georgina went to the door finding nothing indicating a doorknob to groan and leaned against the wall opposite from the door till beeping noises sounded. 
She sighed figuring the noises was an alarm from her leaning too long and without a word walked further into the alleyway following the walls by mostly staring at the ground of stone blocked floor with her arms clutched to herself. She felt herself urged to cry obeyed and sobbed letting tears fall from her eyes as she kept on walking diagonal in the alleyway while banging into walls blindly unseeing it. 

Nikolas felt himself raging angry at the argument with Raisa, blindly walked in the city not paying attention to anything and ignoring people. He wound up adjusting his clothes to give him relief from Raisa's punching him. 
He frowned as he recalled that the male who was speaking through an Elf was Terrania. He recalled that Terrania had managed to claim Raisa as his, and was considered the city’s of Rhineland's ruler by the natives appointing him that as if compelled to his disgust. 
He recalled the argument with Raisa and shut his eyes forcing his mind to not focus onto the images into his mind. 
He proceeded to used senses of a blood drinker and gonoid part inside him takes over making him growl an angry sound and uses his nose to seek out something that is urging him towards something while feeling himself getting hard enough to mate. He used his senses to find what he seeks a female form he doesn’t pay attention to her features grabbed her putting her back to the wall and kisses her on the lips sensing she’s familiar and then felt her kissing him back. 
He mates with her after clothes are adjusted and realize that she’s Georgina from senses alerting him of that and found himself back in his apartment in their bedroom by hearing silence in the room. He found himself mating with her with her back on the wall.
He continued to mate with her, sensing her liking it and then holds her to carry her, still joined to the bed. Nikolas puts her back on it while laying his form on top of her and continued to mate with her sensing her urging him to continue doing it. 
He once finished by feeling her shake from the electrical jolts while inside her as he shook himself from her clutching him. Nikolas sighed and pulled out to adjust his clothes seeing Georgina doing the same. He heard a familiar Meritanian blaring comment into his mind urging him to sleep which he obeyed lying in bed. 
He shut his eyes and dreamed of fireballs hitting the buildings in the city and shattering them. Along with seeing the planet fired on by sinister spider like shaped ships that appeared to be numerous. It causes devastation once hitting the planet’s ocean causing flooding and water coming into the city. 
Nikolas saw eaters eating on the land all over the place as fired by the spider like warships. He saw people both Ancient Ones and Lower Ones including Elves lying on the ground looking dead to the world with bloody injuries on them and screamed out no. 

Georgina laid herself onto the bed cuddled by a sleeping Nikolas. She sighed recalling herself meeting Nikolas while in the alleyway she banging herself into walls while crying tears. She recalled that Nikolas grabbed her form she noticed his eyes were shut and was kissing her on the lips. 
Georgina eyed Nikolas's face that had a pleasant look on it. She recalled further that Nikolas and she proceeded to get into a mating ritual involving intercourse while in the alleyway. Till the Meritanians she figured were the ones observing the scene transported them into the bedroom of their apartment for privacy. 
Georgina sighed and recalled Nikolas's reaction to being inside her was to keep his eyes shut and appeared to let his other senses take control. Nikolas wound up thrust in and out of her with her back to the wall despite hearing crashing noises of a lamp breaking once they were in their bedroom. He thrusting her back onto the wall then thrust her onto the bed, he still keeping his eyes shut. 
She groaned softly while eyeing Nikolas who formed a look of terror on his face and screamed "No!"
Georgina found nothing to indicate Nikolas waking up instead he kept on sleeping and appeared to be knocked out by the Meritanians doing it by a peaceful look forming onto his face. She exhaled a breath recognizing the look was twin to the Nikolas she found sleeping while wearing a headdress of feathers, a golden necklace and a skirt on his form. Georgina laid her head onto Nikolas's chest feeling his heart organ thudding inside as she listened to it pumping via her ear. 
She kept herself awake a long time till a Meritanian voice blared in her mind "Nighty night smarty."
Georgina found herself sleepy shut her eyes and passed out unconscious.

Nikolas woke up with a jerk sensing sunlight shining in his eyes from the open window shade to glare at it. He wound up seeing an eyeball like plant sitting outside looking back at him. He recognized the eyeball plant as Waker as dubbed by the natives seeing people up and awake via shade opening mental abilities. He figured to his disgust that the plant did the shade opening making him annoyed. Nikolas got up going to the shade and yanked it down only to find it go back up which he feels annoyed. 
Nikolas heard Georgina yawning behind him making him yawn in response as he again yanked the shade.
He heard Georgina speaking "I'll quit that if I were you. Besides the Waker has a point on its time to get up and start our day." 
He didn’t comment left the bedroom going passed the guest's bedroom thinking of his oldest son Yevgeny "I'm wondering where he went and if he reached manhood and where's he's hiding instead of showing himself to me." 
He went to the kitchen and prepared a drink of blood as if compelled via compulsion by Meritanians to his annoyance. 
He gulped down his blood drink and saw Georgina come into the kitchen fresh from showering with hair wet and clothes looking dry. 
She speaking "You're to shower for you need to do that and it’s a requirement." 
He didn’t comment left the kitchen going to the bedroom going into the bathroom and showers with his clothes still clinging to his form like second skin. Nikolas wound up sensing that the ruler of Rhineland expects him to keep it on as his uniform in payment of having Georgina as his. 
He left the bathroom heading to the bedroom door and goes to the kitchen only to get told by Georgina "Mykaru and Malaja, my twins are sleeping in the guest bedroom. They want to stick around helping the both of us get back onto our feet and help us learn what's new with Rhineland."
Nikolas went to the guest bedroom rapping his fist onto the door with a thudding banging sound.
Nikolas wound up yelling "Mykaru! Malaja! It's time to get up and start your day! It’s not proper for you both to spend all day in bed!" 
He heard faint groaning noise coming from the bedroom continues to yell "I meant it and expects you up period!" 
He left going to the living room to go to the porch glaring outside at the forest of trees showing the city’s park and frowned as he spotted something dark and sinister sitting in the middle of the trees that suspiciously look like something from his nightmare which stiffened him of shock. 
Nikolas gave up a loud howl of shock seeing the thing sitting in the middle of the park. He got Georgina joining him onto the covered porch as he yowled away. 

Georgina heard Nikolas yowling and without a word went into the porch to place a hand onto his cheek patting him as he howled. She slapped him hard getting him shaking his head along with giving her a narrowed eyed glare with eyes in slits. 
Georgina spoke "What's going on to get you upset enough to have a hissy fit?"
She gave Nikolas a glare who spoke jabbing a finger at the park "I see something from my nightmare sitting there that involves spider like ships destroying Terra with eater balls and causing destruction, including loss of life!"
She exhaled a breath and peered at the forest to spot sitting in the middle of the bushes she saw was the power source generator to the city of Rhineland looking spidery to her. 
Georgina spoke once putting hands onto Nikolas's shoulders trying to calm him "It's just the power generator to the planet. Don't worry about the spidery shape of it. It won't hurt you. Nothing will happen to Terra, I promise you."
Nikolas, she heard groaned and got from him "I hope your right for I keep having this odd nightmare over and over. I'm sick of it."
She didn't say a word in response instead gently hugged Nikolas.

Nikolas felt himself relieved to be hugged by Georgina as he felt himself nervous by the spidery shape of the power generator in the middle of the city. He groaned softly and got an image in his mind that was persisting after he shut his eyes. 
He forced himself to relax allowing Georgina to hug him including the image in his mind taking control of his senses. 
Nikolas saw a male Human with blonde hair having Georgina's face he figured was Yevgeny chained to a wall in a standing position looking angry and looking at a hooded figure in black glaring at it. He saw as two young females appearing to be Humans come into view looking twins like by the faces but different hair lengths but younger than him both appearing nervous. 
Yevgeny wound up pointing a finger at the short haired female as if drawn and spoke "I’ll take her!"
He watched as Yevgeny found the chains release their hold followed by the short haired woman coming up to the male. He figured wasn't his son but fathered by someone else and had Georgina as his mother. 
Nikolas grimaced inwardly as Yevgeny thrust the female Human's back to the wall and adjusted his clothes mating with her with hands on her while seeing her legs wrap around his middle. Yevgeny kept on mating with the female followed by giving off a roaring sound while jerking hard then removed himself from the female to adjust his clothes as she does the same. 
Nikolas watched as Yevgeny then turned around to glare at the hooded figure with arms folded as the female walked out of sight along with her twin. Yevgeny formed a grimace on his face and thrust his hands back up only to get them chained around the wrists by the chains clamping around them by themselves manipulated by invisible hands. 
Yevgeny snarled out growling "You can’t hide forever from them. You’ll be seen by their All Seeing One, Terror. I swear it on what I said for he'll figure it out what's going on around Terra enough to get the Tennans to here to cause death." 
Yevgeny jerked his head back like punched followed by giving off a laugh and speaking "You can’t hide from the Tennans who’ll figure you out soon enough, enough to come and cause deathly destruction, for what your doing to them."
Nikolas gasped loudly as the image went away followed by further images cluttering up his mind. Nikolas felt patting on his cheek blinked his eyes as the vision of Yevgeny, stopped flaring in his mind him gasping loudly, and stared at Georgina who looked concerned.

Georgina asked him "What you've seen?"
Georgina heard loudly speaking "He saw Yevgeny and that he’s doing fine."
The voice of the Souler hidden somewhere behind them, sounding like the male scanned Nikolas's mind, by the male tone, annoyed her hearing the edge in his voice tone figured "That Souler scanned Nikolas and saw what he's seen and is hiding it from me. One way or another I'll find out even if I have to manipulate Nikolas mating wise"

Nikolas shaking his head of the image of Yevgeny, turned to glare at Georgina who frowns acting like she still concerned for him and heard the Souler's voice speaking in his mind "Yevgeny himself is currently going through what you, Nikolas, was going through before being paired with Mother, when it was revealed that he's like you, was a blood drinker with gonoid species abilities in him that the people were trying to make him sane enough to function like a civilized being. My brother is showing signs of that trait hitting him hence the vision."
He didn’t comment a response instead thought to himself "Something sinister is going around here involving the Soulers. 
He again heard the Souler speak loudly "Mother, I sort of explained something to Nikolas, he forgot about that had he confused." 
He didn’t comment figured "It's best to keep my mouth shut." 
Nikolas turned towards Georgina to kiss her on the lips and heard "Parents, get a room! Don't you dare do that mating in front of us like you've been caught doing onto the natives!"
He ignored the twins' comments to continue kissing Georgina from feeling like needing to do it while feeling her kissing him back in response. He sighed as he broke off the kiss to gently keep his eyes shut and rubbed hands over Georgina's face feeling the area with his fingertips. 
He forced himself to ignore the images in his mind while feeling her face she ignoring him doing it while sensed staring at him. 
Nikolas sighed feeling her skin was rough to his fingertips and felt like it was scaly to him despite her having a Human appearance. 
Nikolas sighed as Georgina did the same to his face she sensed feeling his face all over with her fingertips he ignored. He broke off the touch and opened his eyes finding Georgina was again feeling his mouth and feeling his fanged teeth. He sighed and didn't comment a response as she opened her eyes staring at him with a familiar look he sighed seeing.
Nikolas and Georgina again got into another kissy face ritual despite the twins heard behind them "Get a room!"
He ignored the twins' blaring to get Georgina onto the porch's floor and with his eyes shut felt her bare skin all over with his hands and fingertips. He felt her skin was rough and not so smooth and appeared scaly but he figured it was a price tag of having her as his. 
Nikolas felt Georgina all over her body including her hair and face via blind status till a blindfold was placed over his eyes he gulped from the feel.

Georgina lay down, allowing Nikolas to feel her all over with his fingertips and appearing to have a status of blindness. She frowned as she spotted an Elf guard to Terrania aka Eric, the ruler of Rhineland coming onto the porch to put a blindfold over Nikolas's eyes via strap of cloth tying it in place. She didn't comment a response as Terrania came into view she spotted him clapping his hands. 
She recalled the agreement she made with Terrania was he said via Elf "Says Nikolas must have his eyes covered as long as he's paired with you as a lesson what you said. Appearances are deceiving. He must have a blindfold on and go around using his other senses to learn about personality wise from people than appearances." 
Georgina put on her clothes finding Nikolas remained kneeling onto the porch's floor as she heard "Says you will wear that blindfold till I determine its time for you to see again. You judged people via their appearances too much. Your punishment is you must judge people by other senses and their personality instead of via eyesight. Don't protest to this order or else."
Georgina eyed Nikolas who appeared to be frowning but made no movement to remove the blindfold. 
She frowned as Terrania added via Elf "Says Beloved, I'm counting onto you to enforced Nikolas's blindness status till he's really gained the lesson I want him to speak."
Georgina didn't comment a response only gave him a head bob in agreement finding Terrania walking away followed by an Elf guard. 
She groaned softly and heard "Georgina? Why are you upset?"
Georgina sighed hearing Nikolas's voice tone sounding annoyed as she without a word went to Nikolas gently putting a hand onto his shoulder and waited for him to acknowledge him. She didn't have long to wait as Nikolas put a hand onto her hand. 
She spoke "You have much to learn Nikolas."

Nikolas heard her comment but refrained from commenting a word. 
Instead groaned softly and thought to himself "Oh ho it'll take me awhile to get used to this status. It's a small price to pay for learning personality is better than appearances." 
He heard nothing in response to his thinking but felt Georgina's hand onto his arm pulling him up. 
He groaned softly as she was heard "Anyway let's start the lesson by the porch's contents for you to feel and find yourself."
Nikolas sighed and figured he'll do what it takes to learn the lesson Georgina was going to teach him in order to see her again when its possible.

Story Ends

Roberta paused from her tale and spoke "Well grandchildren what is the lesson I want you to learn hmm?"
She eyed her grandchildren and didn't spare her own four children with a narrowed eyed look ignoring their spouses sitting next to her while hearing throat clearing noises from one of them loudly. 
She resumed looking at her grandchildren to see her youngest male grandchild, a five year old boy named Robert after her spoke loudly "The lesson is we should depend on personality when getting to know people instead of basing it on appearances. The lesson is also telling people our fears instead of keeping it to ourselves. That's what I keep telling the babies here who are so stupid enough to not get it that the God's Seer, Nikolas, exist and he'll predict good things for us now." 
He heard arguments among the grandchildren arguing on who was stupid and who wasn't. 
She clapped his hands loudly getting their attention and spoke sounding firm "No one is stupid period. I don't give a care if there's stupidity or not. All I care is that you acknowledge others for help with you having problems including that appearances are deceiving. That's due to being scared of something, whether it's by appearance or not, and needing to get over that fear, like the lesson I've been trying to say for years, Hmph."
She heard multiple groaning noises of adult tones as she gave the grandchildren each one a glare who appeared to gulp from her look. 
Robert, her grandson was heard again "Alright Gramma we get it that there's others is always guarding us from harm including helping us when we're scared. Besides whatever Gramma says about God's Seer, Nikolas himself is the truth period isn't it, cousins?"
She heard scattered agreements among her grandchildren to see that they agreed with Roberta to sit leaning back in the chair eyeing them listening to her grandson talk loudly on how to communicate with Lance Richard, an All Seeing One, God, the parents, believed in. She heard the talk involved saying prayers out loud towards Lance Richard himself who'll always help them with a problem. 
She sighed and felt her shoulder squeezed gently. She peered out of the corners of her eye to spot her God, Lance Richard, via a ghost form wearing a white hooded robe, still looking young as ever as the hand's owner standing next to her. His appearance was foretold by God's Seer, Nikolas himself, that he was calling people to join him in his servitude, of helping restore the planet Terra, from the destruction of eaters from the Tennans' warships. 
This time her God was flaunting himself as Lance Richard, in his white hooded robed All Seeing One God persona, who gave the familiar signal of squeezing the person's shoulder to point out his presence like he did towards anyone called to serve him. It was regardless of what disguise her God was wearing to hide himself from people including silently letting them know of his presence without verbalizing that he was here.
Roberta saw a hint of a smile on her God's bare lips and in his blue eyes. She sighing seeing that the message of Lance Richard was finally gotten and received by her children and grandchildren judging by their conversations she overheard talk subject on her lesson. 
Roberta eyed her God who glided out of the room unnoticed by the room's inhabitants as always from whatever situation, he was granting people a last chance to say goodbye before reuniting again for servitude. She sighed feeling old age hitting her groaned softly to stare at the fire. She absent mildly eavesdropped onto conversations spoken within the room by her own adult four children with their spouses and her eight grandchildren seemingly lengthy while letting her mind wander. 

Epilogue

Roberta sighed from eavesdropping onto the conversations in the room lengthy including her wandering mind. She wound up to eye a picture frame on the mantel that had a picture, of her Mother, Georgina, looking old as she was accompanied, with a male with all white hair, God's Seer, Nikolas, still wearing a blindfold, with a dog as his guide to see for him, on her graduation day from college in the United States' mainland. 
It was she recalled just prior to the destruction of the Tennans arriving to the planet and firing their fireballs onto the planet. 
She sighed recalling further that no one believed Nikolas's warnings of the destruction that would happen to Terra. He, she recalled earned the name of God's Seer when the Tennans arrived and caused their destruction. 
She felt regret knowing that Nikolas died in the chaos despite getting other people into safety of buildings exploding from fireballs and was hit by a piece of a building that gave him a head injury. She recalled his head injury proved to be fatal without medical help and later killed him while in the safety of a cave, he dying without his blindfold on his eyes seen for the first time, Human black looking full of love towards her Mother, Georgina who held him in her lap.
She sighed recalling told by her Mother, Georgina on who her actual Father was when she was full grown on her Mother's deathbed lying in their cave dwelling.
She recalled told "Your Father is Terrania himself, who donated his services to have himself implanted into me via a mating way, to create you for my paired mate Nikolas to raise while learning the lesson of appearances are deceiving and being a blind man to learn that lesson."
She recalled further that that despite growing up without her actual father raising her and having her Mother doing the raising with God's Seer, Nikolas himself as he later gained the title from the destruction of the Tennans attacks the planet. 
She recalled the destruction was for captured Tennans' warships, by the Elves, used as batteries to power cities in their angry rage of that status towards planetary worlds doing that status to their warships. The Tennans seemed to make it clear those warships were sentient life forms and not to be treated as batteries as power sources for cities. She sighed recalling that the Tennans after they caused the destruction freed their captured comrades, warships and flew into the sky into the rigors of space and haven't been back since. 
She recalled being told by God's Seer, Nikolas "I found the caves after doing some explorations after having nightmares of the great burning death that happened to Terra by the spider like ships. I did explore Terra very throughout for homes to save you, Ancient Ones and the Lower Ones from the burning death underground and into the seas." 
Roberta sighed again to recall that at age teenager, is when she actually met her Father who gave up an odd name of Eric via an Elf speaking for him, him wearing a breathing device and unable to verbalize words, for referring to him and no other name. That name was used other than being the vessel of Terrania a planetary world that was destroyed, and refusing to accept the name of the deity as his own name. 
She frowned listening to the conversations among her recalling that her Mother, soon after Nikolas's death, told her the story she narrated to her children and grandchildren. She recalled the telling of the story by her Mother, fully within her mind and sighed again that she had a good memory of it enough to tell her own children and now her grandchildren of it. 
She sighed again and mentally spoke "Well this time I'll hope that my own children will pass down the story and its lesson to their own grandchildren. Once their children are old enough to have children themselves is when I hope it gets passed down." 
She got an image of Lance Richard wearing his crown of golden color and white robe flashing within her mind not shocking her for usually getting that image from time to time when in danger, the God seemingly favoring her. 
This was followed by a mental cruel like male voice speaking "Don't worry, Eden. I'll see that the story you told gets passed down period. I aim to use my vessel as the one who'll see the story passed down not just in your family circle. This story will be told among people whether their believers of me or not. So don't worry about it."
Roberta sighed again from her actual name of Eden despite changing it to Roberta when married to her Husband Robert in his honor, including getting nothing else from Lance Richard cleared her throat and spoke loudly "Georgina, did you record this story I told to the grandchildren?"
She eyed her daughter who held up a familiar tubal device in her hand in sight. 
She heard from her "Yes I got the entire story recorded visually and auditory. I aim to make a print version of the story once it's possible for me to do it."
Roberta spoke "Good to hear. Bless you on that recording. It'll be for reminding people of that story over the years. May my Mother's soul rest in peace knowing that her favorite story will get passed down among future generations."
She heard nothing from the grandchildren but silence as her children ushered them out of the room hearing them talking about it time for bed. 
She heard them add "It's time for the grandchildren to sleep due to how late it was getting."
Leaving her alone in the room with the fire still roaring away she sighed and felt the familiar squeeze on her shoulder to find her God, Lance Richard was back into the room still wearing his All Seeing One robes look but had his hood on indicating death.
Roberta spoke "So what did you think of the story I told the children and grandchildren?"
She got from her God signing in his familiar hand signs hardly every using his voice towards her or anyone unless threatened and saving family members from certain deadly situations is when his voice would be used. 
He signed "They'll believe it as a tall tale and not actually the truth. I always have gotten this tall tale attitude from people after they hear the story. The lesson that you're Mother, Georgina wanted people to learn has always been understood by people listening to the story. They sometimes follow that lesson with a half hearted attitude. 
Don't worry it'll take awhile before the lesson takes effect within people to realize its importance like you did, Eden."
She spoke "Yes I did get the lesson after I lost my mate, to a medical issue involving his heart, leaving me to raise four children alone as a single parent. I understand its importance, hence I telling it to the grandchildren. 
Also making sure that Georgina, my daughter, my own offspring of myself, despite having three other children to raise belonging to someone else, despite she named after my Mother, got the story I told on recorder, including my goals of getting it in print. It'll serve as a reminder to generations to come."
She yawned abruptly while eyeing her God who didn't sign a word instead forced her eyes shut in response while feeling the male's hand on her forehead. 
She felt herself giving her life up to death and smiled on her lips, knowing that her God was granting her last wish of a peaceful death, despite aches and pains of old age hitting her. She sighed once she found herself joining her God in his heavenly realm. 

The End
