




RECLAIMING ISIS
by
Selena Blake




About Reclaiming Isis
Seven months ago, their bride disappeared but Tristin and Rafe never stopped looking for her. When no amount of money or searching produces results, they turn to each other for support.
Then a routine stop on Prime C delivers the shock of a lifetime. Isis doesn’t remember the two men who claim she belongs with them, but her body certainly does.
With danger on their heels and an enemy who will stop at nothing to silence their triad, Rafe and Tristin must protect Isis while they fight to win her heart again.
Dedication
To Barbara Wallace, Donna Alward and Susan Meier. Three friends who came into my life at just the right time. Thanks for all the support this past year. I appreciate more than you could ever know.
Prologue
Seven months ago

Rafe Montero threw his arm over Isis’s shoulders as they stomped down the gangway. The market was busy as usual with shoppers and merchandise overflowing down side streets and onto the landing pad.
Tristin slapped him on the back and stepped ahead of them. Walking backwards, he shot Isis one of his trademark smiles.
“So we’ll meet back at the ship in thirty?” he asked.
“Yep,” Isis replied and reached out to steady him as he bumped into an old man.
Tristin twisted out of the way, laughing and apologizing to the man before giving his attention back to Rafe and Isis. “Alright. Well, I’ve got my orders. I don’t want this excursion to take a second longer than necessary.”
The look he shot Isis was hot as a Defcan volcano. Rafe knew the feeling himself, all too well. They were more than eager to get their bride home, in bed.
Tristin took off at a jog, merging with the colorful crowd before disappearing into the sandy cloud that swept the surface of this planet.
“I second that,” Isis murmured. “Now that that mission is over, I plan to languish on the terrace and let you two have your way with me.”
Rafe grinned down at her. “I love being married,” he murmured and then swept her into a kiss that made him hard and achy in an instant.
He was just getting into it when she pressed her hands against his chest and grinned up at him. The mischief in her beautiful green eyes sent his pulse racing.
“Me too. Now, I’ve got some shopping to do.”
“See you in thirty,” he said, reluctant to let her go.
“Love you,” she called over her shoulder.
Rafe returned two minutes early to find Tristin sitting on the gangway. A half-eaten reddish-yellow fruit dangled from his fingertips and he wore a smile of satisfaction. Either that Earth Apple was extra tasty or he and Isis had finished their shopping early and had started the party without Rafe.
Years ago that would have made him jealous, but Tristin completed the circle, made Rafe whole again. He couldn’t imagine life without his best friend and fighting over Isis hadn’t been an option. Losing either of them would have shredded his soul.
“Get everything on the list?” he asked, propping a boot against the edge of the gangway.
“And then some.” Tristin wiggled his eyebrows up and down, looking ten years younger.
“Isis on board?”
Tristin shook his head, his gaze sweeping the port over Rafe’s shoulder.
“I’ll go put this stuff away and we’ll be ready to go as soon as she gets back.” The sooner they took to the sky, the sooner they could get home. And the sooner they got home, the sooner they could lose themselves in Isis’s brilliance and love.
They needed a vacation in the worst way after that last mission.
He decided to hide the presents he’d gotten Isis and Tristin so they’d be a surprise when they got to Dornick. She had a fondness for silky fabrics and the animals on Leo Moon had particularly soft pelts. And since Tristin loved daggers, Rafe hadn’t been able to pass up a handmade blade with a whelvan horn for the handle.
After completing his preflight check, taking care of business and grabbing a snack, he headed back to the gangway.
“Any sign of her?”
Tristin shook his head, his gaze still searching the throng of people for their beautiful wife. Her golden-red mane would be easy to spot in the fading daylight.
“She’s late,” Tristin said, tossing the apple core away. A small, furry scavenger darted from beneath their ship and carried the remnant of fruit away, making happy little squeaking sounds.
“She’s never late,” Rafe replied, worry pinching his brows. Isis had always been incredibly punctual which was just one of the many things he loved about her. Her punctuality had saved their ass on more than one occasion.
“I’ll try her comm,” Tristin said. He tapped the call button and braced his forearms against his knees as he waited. Rafe sat down next to him and looked out at the landing pad. Pad might be stretching it a bit.
It was a flat surface free from debris and obstacles. But the surface was sandy and kicked up like a son-of-a-bitch during takeoff and landing. It was a wonder there weren’t more accidents due to the poor visibility.
“No answer.”
Rafe sighed. “Maybe she got hung up. You know how she loves to haggle.”
They waited another thirty.
“I’m going to go look for her,” Tristin said as he stood.
“I’ll leave her a message on the computer in case she comes back and then I’ll stop by that little stall she loves so much.” The one with all the aphrodisiacs that the three of them enjoyed.
Tristin nodded.
“Try her comm again,” Rafe called as Tristin stalked away, his long legs eating up the sandy soil.
It took hardly any time at all to leave a message on the main computer, lock up the ship and retrace his steps to where he’d seen her last. He followed the direction she’d been heading and made his way to the cluster of stores she frequented whenever they came to the market.
Fabrique from Tajeek, out-of-this-world chocolates, healing waters from Oasis 9, and finally, aphrodisiacs. Fruits, candies, dust and drinks, the tidy little stall had it all.
He spoke to the proprietor in her native language and was surprised that she remembered him. She went on and on about how good it was to see Isis again and how glad she was that they enjoyed her products.
Patience wearing thin, he held up a hand and offered her a small smile. “So you’ve seen Isis today?”
The ancient nodded and began talking again, her hands flying along with her words.
He thanked her for the information and stepped to the next booth, where Isis had evidently headed next. He had a similar conversation with that proprietor and then stepped to the next stall. The man said he’d seen her cut down the alley behind the booths.
Rafe called Tristin on the comm and filled him in.
“I see you. Wait for me,” Tristin said. A few moments later they were side by side, heading down the alley.
Tristin’s comm buzzed and he answered immediately.
The sound of Isis’s scream coming through the tiny speaker made Rafe’s heart stop mid-beat.
Chapter One
Isis stepped up to the machine, her stomach knotted in a mixture of trepidation and excitement. This was her third time in the Processing Chamber and though her previous two visits had been incredibly pleasurable, she hadn't conceived. And that, the motherly voice coming from the speaker overhead reminded, was why she was here.
Surrounded on three sides by tall white walls, the room was sparse in its decor. Behind her, a door connected to the common hallway. The wall in front of her was glass from waist high to the ceiling with a glass door for the maid-mothers. Isis glanced down at the padded bench, trying not to think how exposed she felt.
Large disc shaped lights cast the room in a warm glow. “Enjoy the machine. Let it pleasure you. Open yourself to its ministrations. Your body will be more likely to accept the seeds,” the feminine voice reminded.
Isis knew that the voice was only a recording and that all the other women heard it, but the intrusion didn’t ease the butterflies in her stomach. A tall woman paced back and forth in front of the glass window, a computerized tablet in hand. Her dark hair was braided and wrapped in a tight bun at the back of her head. The only thing she wore aside from a straight white smock and simple white sandals was a scowl.
The machine before her whirred to life and Isis watched the conveyor belt of fifteen lifelike tongues slowly begin spinning. The lights dimmed. She let her robe drop to the floor and then straddled the bench. The smooth white fabric chilled her skin. Anticipation made her limbs heavy and her skin hot. Her blood seemed to boil through her veins.
From the other stalls she heard various machines, buzzing and humming and the accompanying sighs and moans from the other girls. She’d experienced the pleasure twice before but she had left feeling as if something had been missing, something vital.
“Lay back. Enjoy.”
Isis nibbled her lower lip between her teeth as she scooted to the end of the bench. A startled gasp escaped her lips as her back connected with the icy surface.
The first tongue hit her square between the thighs and her knees snapped together.
“Get into it,” the tablet keeper said, stopping in front of the stall. She surveyed Isis with a disapproving glance and then continued on her way.
Isis stared down her body at the machine being squeezed between her thighs. The maid-mothers said these machines would prime her for the seeds of life.
A dark side of her wanted to forget about the seeds of life. The machines brought a pleasure like she'd never known. She was sure that these machines were masters. Of all the machines on their planet that did everything from cooking to cleaning to folding her clothes, this had to be the single most useful machine ever created.
She let her legs fall open and sighed as the tongues lapped at her center. Wonderful, so wonderful...her eyes rolled back in her head.
The woman in the next stall screamed. It was a happy sound, echoed many times down the hallway.
Over and over the tongues teased her flesh, leaving her panting out short breaths. She trembled atop the bench, her legs closing involuntarily. Cuffs snaked around her knees and ankles and pulled her legs apart. She sagged against the seat and another band of fabric slithered around her mid-section. The pleasure built until she could barely keep her eyes open.
Want. Need. More. The words ran through her mind on a never ending loop.
A new machine rolled up to her and a long, thick rod jutted toward her. It was covered in the same skin like material as the tongues and had a little hole at the tip.
The shaft nudged her core. Liquid ran down her backside and then the thing pushed its way inside her. It was thicker than the instruments they'd used before. Much thicker. Inch by inch it stretched her and her mind tried to grasp what was happening. But her body was focused entirely on the foreign object burrowing its way inside her.
Then it stopped.
For a brief moment the only sound she heard was her own ragged breathing.
Then in withdrew. She felt empty in a way she'd never experienced before...like she'd finally found a missing piece of a puzzle and then lost it.
Were they done? Had they planted the seeds? She felt bereft, unsatisfied. All the women agreed that the Chamber was the most exhilarating thing they'd ever experienced. Wondrous.
Isis had never found that kind of pleasure at her own hands, though she'd certainly tried. But the past two times she'd visited the Chamber, she'd known exactly what all the whispering was about.
A soft whirring pulled her back to the here and now and the wand burrowed inside her again, then withdrew. But it immediately thrust back inside.
She moaned and her hands instinctively went to her nipples. The machine pumped in and out of her, each time sending her spiraling toward that light overhead. Faster and faster it moved. The thing almost purred as it pleasured her. She widened her legs, wanting the thing to go deeper. She wanted this to go on forever.
At last when she didn't think she could go any higher the rod slammed home and froze inside of her. She pinched her nipples, praying for sweet release. The tongues took over, lapping at her pleasure point. An explosion of pleasure started at the tip of the rod and blew outward. She screamed, her voice joining with dozens of others. The sound, the knowledge that so many others were feeling the exact same bliss at this moment made her happiness go on and on.
The rod slowly withdrew and the mechanical voice came through the speaker again.
“Planting complete.”
Long moments later Isis pulled on her gossamer robe and cinched the waist. “Enjoy the rest of your day and take care of your precious cargo,” the speaker box said pleasantly. Out in the main corridor she joined the dozens of other women whose eyes were glazed over, blissful smiles on their faces.
“Isis!” She turned back just as her friend Natacha skipped up, her long black hair shimmering. “Do you think it took this time?”
It being the seeds. A dreadful reminder that she'd failed to get pregnant two times before. Natacha knew how eager Isis was to have a baby and move to the family quarters. She prayed to the silent god lest she have to endure the needle. Murmurs of the fertility treatments had found a home in her ears months ago. The idea of the huge needle she would have to endure scared her witless. When it came to pain, she'd rather do without.
“I don't know. I hope so.” Her life was simple and easy, uncomplicated...but occasionally when she lay in bed at night, she craved something more. Something colorful and fulfilling.
The maid-mothers said children would be fulfilling, but since she'd never seen a child, she couldn't say one way or the other.
“I bet it did. If not, there's always next month,” Natacha chattered, filling the time it took them to walk the long narrow hall.
What would happen if she didn't have a baby? It was a question no one here had ever voiced. Babies simply were. On a planet full of women, where men no longer existed, the dynamic was purely feminine. Women for friends. Women for lovers. Machines implanted sperm into waiting wombs. And then they waited, always hoping that the latest round of implants would produce a male offspring.
Isis didn’t understand why a male offspring was so important. So coveted. It wasn’t as if there was a prize to be won. And some of the maid-mothers murmured about males when they thought no one was listening. Barbaric. Indulgent. Crude. All words used to describe the males of their species. But from what Isis could tell, a male hadn’t lived on their small planet in over fifty years.
She wouldn't think about that now.
“I wish we could have a machine in our room,” Natacha confided softly, the corner of her full mouth pulled upward. Her dark eyes flashed mischievously.
“I'm with you there.” Isis knew that many women enjoyed each other and while she understood that desire for touch...for closeness, she always felt like there was something missing not only from the female relationships, but also from the physical.
And the machines, no matter how much pleasure they brought, couldn’t fill that void.
“You’d think if we each had a machine in our room, we’d all get pregnant fast—” Natacha screamed as the lights flickered and they were cast into darkness. “What’s going on?” The alarm in her voice was echoed dozens of times down the long hall.
Isis reached for the wall to steady herself. “I don’t know.” She reached for her friend’s hand but only encountered air.
“Natacha?” Bodies raced past, jostling her and she heard the stampede of bare feet slapping against the hard floor.
A heavy clank of metal against metal thundered down the corridor and then a small light flickered on at the very end.
“Octican warning. Octican warning. Octican warning. Please board the nearest life ship.” Shrill screams drowned out the computer generated voice and the frenzy accelerated. Someone stepped on her toe and she cried out, then followed suit, heading for the light.
The grand hall smelled of sex and sweat. And fear. Bodies brushed against her, past her. Heat crept up the back of her neck as she jogged toward the light. She kept a hand on the wall to keep her bearings and stay upright in the chaos. “Natacha?”
Her friend didn’t answer.
Isis gulped back the fear and pushed on. Panic was her enemy; she needed to stay calm and keep moving.
One of her oldest memories was of an Octican overdose. She'd been young. Some of her friends hadn't made it to the ship in time. The memory kept the panic right beneath the surface, ready to rear its ugly head.
In recent years the Octican warnings sounded when the levels became deadly on Prime C Isis reasoned with herself. She silently prayed that she'd have enough time to get on board. Once on a lifeship, they could wait until the gas dissipated and the air returned to normal...she just had to get there.
There had to be a shortcut. Her hand brushed a knob and she jerked to a halt, twisting it instinctively. “Natacha!” Her friend still didn't answer. Natacha had always been the faster runner. She was probably all the way to the end of the corridor by now. Isis worried her bottom lip for just a moment, wondering if she should take the shortcut.
The voice over the speaker system thrust her into motion again. “Octican warning. Octican warning. Please board the nearest lifeship.”
Isis slipped through the door and found herself in another hallway. Her eyes finally adjusted to the dark, but the floor was freezing against her bare feet. Ahead, she saw the symbol for the shippad, a parallelogram, blazing red. She paused, sighing with relief. Then she ran toward the glowing sign, every muscle in her body moving in perfect unison toward one goal. Get off this planet. Her sore toe snagged on something and she pitched forward. Pain throbbed from the arch of her foot up her leg.
“Oh!”
The warning alarm continued its annoying blare overhead. Limbs heavy from the orgasm, the cold, the exertion, Isis pushed on. Shivering, she focused on the glowing red light and concentrated on putting one foot in front of the other.
Her time wasn't meant to end by suffocation and then the explosion of her capillaries. She was supposed to be pregnant. A mother. A real woman.
All of a minute passed before her hand closed over the heavy bar that bisected the door, she pushed and the door swung wide. The deck of the shippad was a blur of motion. Women ran, in all directions it seemed, anxious cries falling from their lips. Her gaze sought out Natacha or any other face she recognized. But these were not the women she knew.
They wore suits, head to toe, of white. Their feet were not bare. They wore thick soled boots that came to just below the knee and laced all the way up. Their hair was braided and they carried guns in their hands. Isis shrank back.
Prime C was a peaceful planet. These women were dressed and outfitted like soldiers. An army of worker ants. She watched them, noting how what she’d thought were chaotic movements were really a neat assembly as they headed for lifeships.
And just as quickly, they were gone. The floor was cleared. The polished white surface looked freshly washed, as if no one had ever been there. The doors to the lifeships closed with a barely audible whir. And Isis was alone.
Panic gripped her for the first time since the siren had gone off.
“Wait!”
Unable to move she watched the ships levitate and then float out of the big door at the end of the yard. Her throat tightened and her stomach heaved. There must have been a dozen ships at least.
And she wasn't on a single one of them.
Involuntarily, tears filled her eyes. She brushed them away and tried to come up with a plan. Maybe there was another bay. Maybe they'd send more ships. Momentarily, she debated chasing after them. But as the last vessel flew away she saw another ship, hidden by the monster-sized lifeships. Sleek, almost elegant in its design, gleaming silver, it was unlike any ship she'd ever seen.
She made a run for it, racing as fast as her freezing feet would carry her. Who knew how long until the gas levels became lethal. She was ten steps away when someone darted from the shadows beside the vessel.
She skidded to a stop, her heart pounding in her chest. Her body trembled with a fear that threatened to buckle her knees. A male, she was almost certain though she’d never seen one, stepped into the light. Broad as he was tall, he had long black hair; a dark mask hid his face from nose to chin, revealing icy blue eyes. Ink covered his arms and a lethal looking dagger was tucked into his wide belt.
Isis took a step back. Tripping over her gown, she went down hard. A cry escaped her lips as bone connected with the metal platform, but she couldn’t hear the sound of her own voice over the ship’s engine.
The male strode forward, a determined glint in his eyes.
He looked every bit as dangerous as the maid-mothers said he would. There was a power to his movements, a grace which she wasn’t familiar with and yet she admired it even though he scared her.
He reached for her. She opened her mouth to scream but he moved like light. Silently, easily, he lifted her. His strength astonished her. He settled her over his shoulder and for an instant, she was still, unable to do anything but wonder at the foreign hands touching her.
Chapter Two
“Octican warning, level five. Octican warning, level five. Please evacuate planet.” The loud robotic voice jolted Rafe into action.
He hustled up the gangway, holding Isis tight. Even over the threat of death, his body came alive for the first time in eight long months. A part of him wondered if he should nick himself with his blade to see if he was dreaming. She couldn’t be real. He couldn’t be holding his beautiful Isis in his arms again.
“Tristin!” he shouted down the gleaming corridor.
Isis jolted to life atop his shoulder. She kicked and screamed. “Down. Put me down!” Her small fists beat against his back with only half the strength she used to have.
A low whirring shut out the warning signal as the hatch closed.
“Go!” Rafe yelled down the corridor. He let her slide down the front of his body and pinned her against the wall with his hips. She was all softness and lush curves, but thinner than the last time he’d held her. The ship tipped forward and he wrapped one hand around one of the bars on the wall and the other closed over her hip, holding her in place.
“Hold on tight.” Somehow his signature line didn’t sound as sexy when she was staring up at him, her eyes filled with confusion. What the hell was wrong with her? She acted like she’d never seen him before.
The g-forces threatened to take him off his feet. He should have strapped in, but there hadn’t been a second to lose. She wrapped her arms around his middle and clung to him as they soared into space with violent velocity.
“Just another minute, baby.” The second they made orbit he was going to crush her in his arms. She’d be lucky if he ever let her out of his sight again.
Pulling out of the vertical climb, Tristin leveled the ship out and the pressure eased. Rafe pulled back a fraction still not believing she was real. Her beautiful green gold eyes stared up at him with a curiosity that scared him. Then those pretty red-blonde lashes fluttered and she looked down, breaking the connection.
Her skin was paler than he remembered, giving her an ethereal quality. It made her that much more beautiful. Her flame red hair was bright, luminous. He wanted to fist it in his hands, run the silky tresses over his skin, and inhale her scent.
He'd thought of this moment hundreds of times, planning what he'd say. What he'd do. In his fantasies Isis would jump into his arms, devour him with kisses, her fingers would rip his clothing and they wouldn't stop loving until they were too worn out to move.
Seeing her now, his heart threatened to beat out of his chest. His woman. His bride. She was on his ship. Back in his arms. She looked as shocked as he felt.
He cupped her face in his hands. “Come here baby.”
A sharp pain radiated up from his foot and she twisted away. “Don't touch me, you...you barbarian!” She backed away from him, her chest rising and falling beneath the see-through robe. Her eyes were wide now. Scared.
What the hell? Rafe took a step forward. “Stay away.” She ran straight to the control room.
She tried to shut the door but he crashed through, knocking her back. Tristin was already out of his seat, guns drawn.
“Isis?” Tristin asked, his voice disbelieving. He holstered his weapons, eyes wide.
Isis turned toward her other lover. Then she glanced back at Rafe. Tristin made no attempt to hide his thorough perusal of her nearly naked body. Rafe couldn't blame him. They'd shared her body hundreds of times over the years. They'd shared her heart. Until she'd disappeared.
Rage splintered the happiness at finding her again. Those Prime C bitches had dared steal his bride. And for what? To become a broodmare.
Prime C was known throughout the galaxy as a fertility planet where women went willingly to conceive. But he’d been on edge from the moment he’d landed. There’d been something very wrong about that place and the way the superiors handled the shipment.
A sickening thought struck him.
Pregnant.
They’d wanted to get her pregnant. Tristin obviously heard his thought. Their eyes met over the top of her head and they looked at her lush form. Was she impregnated by some alien spawn? Rafe tugged off his mask and threw it against the wall. Tristin rubbed the center of his chest, obviously trying to ease the ache. Isis remained motionless, her body tense, ready to run.
What had they done to his beautiful bride?
“Isis.” The single word held all the wonder of the universe. “Is it really you?” Tristin asked after a long moment. His deep voice almost broke with emotion. His dark gaze raked over their bride as if he didn't believe his eyes.
“How do you know my name?” she whispered.
Tristin's gaze jerked to Rafe's. Rafe shook his head, another bout of rage rolling through him. “She doesn't know who we are, mate.”
“Doesn't know—”
“Incoming transmission,” the computer interrupted.
Tristin turned back to the control panel, his hands on his hips. “Try to make her comfortable while I handle this.”
Right now she was more likely to deck him in the balls than go anywhere willingly with him. That just pissed Rafe off more. He was hard and horny for the first time in eons and his bride, the only person alive capable of taming his desire, didn't know who the hell he was. Cosmos. Fucking karma.
He turned to the corridor and gestured for her to follow. When he was halfway down, he turned. She still stood in the doorway, her arms attempting to cover her beautiful tits and the dark amber curls further south. “Come with me and I'll answer your questions.” He could see them flickering in her eyes.
She glanced back at Tristin and then started forward, eying him warily as she neared. She was scared of him and that made him rake his fingers through his hair so he didn't punch something.
“What did they do to you?” he asked when he couldn't take any more silence.
“Who?”
Rafe pushed open the door to his bunk and stepped back to let her through. Isis peered inside, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. She glanced up at him, but there was no sign of trust in her eyes.
He kept his hands at his hips so he wouldn't touch her. Rather, he kept his hands at his hips so he wouldn't throw her over his shoulder again. Most importantly, he kept his thumbs anchored through his belt loops so he wouldn't rip the gown from her body and lose himself in all her hidden delights.
She stepped over the threshold, looking right, then left. When he stepped in behind her she whirled around to face him.
“I would never hurt you, baby. At one time…” He swallowed back a curse and stared at the monitor over the bed. “At one time you knew that.”
“Who are you? How do you know my name?”
She wrapped her arms around her waist and the movement tightened the sheer fabric against her creamy skin, molded it against her hardened nipples. Her body didn't lie. It knew him, was attracted to him, remembered his touch.
He sat down on the bench...the same bench where he'd last made love to her. The same morning she'd disappeared. He tugged off his boots and let them drop to the floor.
He’d promised to answer her questions. “I know almost everything about you, beautiful. Although, I didn't know where you were these last eight moons, I swear it.”
He watched her inhale deeply, as if to steady herself. Then she sat carefully on the edge of the extra wide bunk.
“I don't understand.” She didn't look at him. Rather, a spot between her feet. “How could you possibly know me?”
“A man always knows his bride.” He swung his legs up onto the bunk, crossed them at the ankles and sat back against the wall. Rafe tried to appear as nonthreatening as possible but it took considerable effort to keep his hands to himself. With his arms crossed over his chest he waited for his words to sink in.
“Bride?” The word was hardly more than a squeak. She stood quickly.
Silent, he hit a button on the remote-pad and a picture filled the screen behind her. She turned slowly, as if dreading what she’d see. In the picture, she stood between him and Tristin; the three of them were holding hands and she was smiling.
Another picture filled the screen. This time Tristin carried her high in his arms as they boarded their new ship.
The next picture showed the three of them hiking on Sonal Moon. The deep rust colored rock was no match for her fiery mane. She looked so alive. So happy. So...in love.
Did she really remember nothing of their time together? Their childhood on Dornick, all their travels, the lives they’d saved? How could she forget their touch, their love, the amazing chemistry the three of them shared?
“Any more questions?”
She still stared at the monitor and the pictures as they scrolled by. Did she remember? Was it coming back? More importantly, why didn’t she remember? How could she have no recollection of the years they’d spent together? Was it amnesia?
She started to reach out when a picture of her sitting beneath her favorite tree just outside their home on Dornick filled the screen.
Rafe was whooped. He knew it. It'd be pathetic if he didn't love her with every ounce of his being. There had been times during the last eight months when he’d worried about Tristin. Though the other man hid himself behind humor and chatty charm, Rafe now understood that Tristin’s emotions ran just as deep.
He, like Rafe, had fallen hard for the beauty before him. He’d resisted at first. He’d resisted her attentions, her affection, even her love. He’d denied that the three of them could be together. It had almost severed their lifelong friendship. She was one of the few women born and raised on Dornick and she’d had more than her choice of men.
Good men. Capable, strong, smart, wealthy men who could provide well for a wife.
When they’d lost her, his friend had turned inward. His bitterness had slowly frozen over into a callous depression. Tristin’s fear of being abandoned had played heavily into his feelings. But Rafe had denied that Isis would leave them.
He hadn’t believed it then and he knew the truth now. She hadn’t gone voluntarily.
“She looks like me.”
“That's because she is you.” Rafe's temper snapped like a belt.
The look in her eyes said she still didn't believe him. Those bastards had brainwashed her. He bit back a string of curses that would surely take paint right off the hull of their ship.
“You don't believe me,” he supplied tightly and stood, shoving his feet back into his boots.
“I—I don't know what to believe,” she admitted quietly.
How could he prove to her…make her believe?
She wrung her hands together like a dish sponge and stared down at them as if they held the answers to all her questions. Maybe they did. She paced in front of the bed and nibbled on her thumbnail. It was a trait he’d teased her about several times before.
Whenever she was nervous, worrying about something, she locked her teeth around her thumbnail, her mind churning.
She winced and sucked in a sharp breath. He glanced down at her feet and noticed a trickle of dried blood on the side of her big toe.
“You cut yourself.”
Her lips pulled down in a scowl. “When I was running for the lifeships.”
She sank down onto the bed again and pulled her foot up to inspect the wound.
He strode into the lavatory and retrieved their massive first aid kit. Being in their business, you never knew when you would have to patch each other up.
“Let me see,” he said, kneeling at her feet.
She worried her lower lip, obviously weighing her options.
He needed to figure out how to reach her, to make her believe he knew her. Would never hurt her.
He started by lifting her foot and inspecting the cut. Deep enough to hurt like a son of a gun but wouldn’t need sutures. He dug through his pack and found the bottle of rinse that would clean out any nasties.
“This will burn a little,” he murmured. Years of togetherness gave him a sixth sense where she was concerned. He knew without looking that she was staring down at him.
She sucked in a sharp breath as the cool liquid did its job.
“Your name is Isis. You're crazy ticklish behind your knees,” he said, distracting her from the pain.
He slathered her wound with ointment and then cut a fresh white bandage down to size. “This isn’t the first time I’ve tended to your injuries, you know. I’ve always admired your strength. You never gave in to tears.”
When she didn’t say anything, he applied a wrap to hold the bandage in place. Once that was done and he had no further excuse to touch her, he put the first aid kit back together and then pushed to his feet. She stared down at her foot and then lifted her gaze.
“You have a scar on your right hip. You can drink Tristin under the table. You chew on your thumbnail when you’re nervous and you love thigh-high boots. You’re originally from planet Dornick, the only red head born there. You whistle when you think no one’s listening and you love all kinds of music.”
Her jaw dropped and her hand went to her right hip, covering the scar he'd traced with his lips hundreds of times.
“Shall I continue?”
She shook her head. “What sort of trickery is this?” She rose swiftly, her body a flurry of tension.
Rafe stepped across the room and pulled her close. “No trick.”
“Let me go!” She struggled but her strength was no match for his.
“Isis...”
Her long fingers bore into his chest, her nails scraping his skin. She pushed. He tightened his grip. “I don't know how you could know all those things. I don't care. Just let me go. Drop me at the nearest port.”
“I know these things, sweetheart because you've been my bride for six glorious years,” Rafe told her and then sensed Tristin in the hall outside the door. Glancing over at his best friend, he continued, “our bride.”
Tristin stepped into the room and shut the door behind him. Her head whipped around and she started to tremble.
“I'll scream,” she informed them as if it would do any good. Tristin's head tipped back and he laughed.
“Sweetheart, you used to scream every time we came inside you. We're used to it.”
“B-barbarians.”
Her words were full of venom, but her body sagged against Rafe. “That may be true,” he said, his lips kissing her forehead. “Heavens know we've been called worse.”
“Much worse,” Tristin agreed from the bench.
“But if we're such barbarians then why does your body yearn for us?” Rafe whispered.
Chapter Three
Isis wrapped her arms around her waist, trying to fight off the chill...and the passion in their eyes. The blond watched her through lowered lashes, tension holding him still in the tight space. Rafe, the one who'd handled her, stared down at her expectantly.
They really believed what they said. They believed she was their bride.
The pictures didn't prove them wrong. The woman, radiant and so much in love, looked so much like her. They could have been twins.
That was it. The reasonable explanation. Twins. She had a sister somewhere. A twin sister. But how?
But where that woman's eyes glowed with happiness, Isis's eyes were a dull green. Almost smoky. And the other woman's hair was shorter, curling just below her shoulders. Dozens of shades of red and gold.
She wielded a gun. Isis had never touched a gun.
Watching the photos flick by, one after another, an album of all the places they’d been, all the things they’d seen and done…Isis felt a twinge of envy.
She’d never thought of leaving Prime C. Hadn’t really considered the possibility. It was home, where her friends were.
But there was an entire universe out there waiting to be explored and she felt the call of adventure clear down to her toes.
She glanced between the two men. If she did have a twin sister, she was much braver than Isis. Curvier too. She didn’t seem to let her larger frame hold her back. And the men flanking her in the photos, kissing her, carrying her didn’t seem to mind that she was a handful either.
But if they were twins, why did they have the same name?
Tugging her lower lip between her teeth, she glanced at a picture of the three of them atop a mountain, a glorious sky in the distance. They shared her? Two males shared a bride? Why?
“Most men on Dornick share a woman. A disease long ago wiped out the female population and though it’s been eradicated,” Tristin informed her, “the stigma remains. Despite the beautiful scenery and riches, women do not flock to our land.”
How did he know what she’d been thinking?
We can communicate telepathically, sweetheart, Tristin’s voice whispered through her mind.
“Stay out of my head!”
The dark haired one laughed. “Keep watching.”
Isis scowled at them before dragging her eyes back toward the screen of images. Her twin was there, staring back. The way her green eyes sparkled in the sunlight, the mischievous grin she gave the camera over Tristin’s shoulder…she was brave and brazen. Gun wielding, adventure seeking, man loving. And happy. Happy with a man. Two men.
Now that she had time to sneak a glance and study them, to calm her racing heart, she could admit to herself that they were extremely good looking. Attractive in a way no woman had ever been.
Muscular. Tall. Wide. So solidly built. The way the dark haired one had thrown her over her shoulder. She watched him now, staring back at her, silently willing her to remember. She let her gaze drop to his huge arms and the delicate patterns drawn there in crisp black ink against his tan skin. Power like that didn’t exist among the women at Prime C. Everyone was gentle. Tame. Delicate.
Everyone but those women with the guns. Who were they? And why were they armed? Prime C was a peaceful planet. There was no need for soldiers.
Secretly she reveled in the differences between herself and the dark haired man. The way her softer curves had cradled his big body; the sheer size of his muscles, his broad shoulders, his height. And yet he’d been gentle with her, so tender with her wounded toe.
Would a barbarian be gentle with a woman?
“What if you’re mistaken?” she asked. “What if you’ve mistaken me for someone else?”
“You think you’ve got a twin out there somewhere, baby?” the dark haired one asked.
“Well, what if I do? What if this is all a mistake?” Isis noted that each time she uttered the word 'mistake' a dangerous look glinted in Tristin’s eyes. “I’m sure it’s all perfectly innocent.”
“Hah!” This from Tristin.
“No one’s ever called us innocent before, baby. Certainly not you,” the other man said. “Horny. Cocky. Conceited. Hot. But not innocent.”
“Shouldn’t I know your name, if I am your bride?” The smirk vanished from his handsome face. He stilled, a pained look entering his beautiful blue eyes. Where had he gotten the scar, shaped like an x, beneath his left eye? Inexplicably, she wanted to trace it with her fingertip. Kiss it.
“Rafe,” he said quietly. “Rafe Montero.” He crossed his arms over his massive chest and turned away from her.
She wanted to say something, anything to ease the pain that radiated off of him. But no words came. Helpless, she glanced at Tristin.
“There’s an easy way to settle this,” Tristin drawled. His voice lit fire to her blood. His gaze roamed over her, pausing at her hip. “You have a scar.”
“I mentioned that,” Rafe said.
“What—what shape is it?” she asked.
“Like a checkmark,” Tristin told her.
“Is he right?” Rafe asked.
“If I’m not, take off your robe and prove it.”
She shook her head, dropping her gaze to the floor. They knew about the scar on her hip. What were the chances that another woman had the same scar, the same name, the same hair?
Isis couldn’t even remember how she’d gotten the scar. It’d always been there. Like a birthmark.
“We know you’re not a twin, sweetheart,” Rafe said, his voice thick and dangerous. And though he hadn’t moved, somehow he seemed closer. The small, boxy room seemed even smaller and the air less plentiful than before.
“We knew your mother,” Tristin told her. “We knew your whole family. We were with you they day you got that scar.”
He nodded his head at her hip where her hand covered the mark as if she could hide it, hide the truth, and disprove their statement.
“Rafe dressed the wound himself.”
So he hadn’t been lying about caring for her before… Was that why his touch felt so familiar and soothing? Was that why his nearness made her hot and her limbs heavy?
She knew the odds were slim that she had a twin, even if they weren’t by the same mother. But how did one explain this? She’d been raised on Prime C. Hadn’t she? Was she really ticklish behind her knees?
“We could tickle you…if you want to find out,” Rafe whispered. This time he really did lean closer.
She took a step back and her legs bumped against the bunk.
“It would prove our point,” Tristin said but didn’t move.
She shook her head and held up a hand to ward them off.
“Why are your nipples hard, sweetheart, if you do not recognize us? If you do not want us?”
Her gaze snapped up and she pulled her arms up over her chest. Tristin was right though. Her nipples were hard little points straining beneath the silky fabric of her robe. And heavens help her, deep inside, so deep, she craved. Yearned. For what, she wasn't sure, but it was a constant ache. And it seemed to intensify the longer she was in their presence.
“You can lie to us, Isis. But your body won't.”
“I'm not lying.” She was confused. Cold and yet, so hot. Their eyes on her body, as if they were so familiar with every last inch of her, it was enough to heat her from the outside in.
“I believe you.” Tristin rose and stepped closer.
“But—”
“It's possible that they brainwashed you.” The men shared a glance.
Rafe’s gaze darkened. She stumbled back, her heels smashed into the hard side of the bed. His bed. Tristin reached for her, but she toppled backwards. She scurried across the bed and sank into the pillows. Hugging one to her chest she tried to remember. Her oldest memory. Parties, friends, families. It was all blank. Nothing.
Was Tristin right? Had she been brainwashed?
A transmission echoed through the ship, interrupting his worries.
“This is Prime C transport 7Alpha. You have one of our citizens aboard your ship. Return her immediately or we will destroy your vessel.” The female voice was laced with steel and bone deep fear swept through Isis until she was shaking.
“Not bloody likely,” Rafe said. His tone was so deep, so menacing that her gaze snapped to his face. He stood tall, shoulders down and back, hands on his hips. He was ready to fight for her. Who was this man who’d go to battle for a woman who didn’t even know him?
Tristin gritted his teeth and glanced over at Rafe, whose eyebrows felt stuck to the roof. How had they found them? And better yet, why did they care?
Tristin hit the comm button next to the door.
“We hear you 7Alpha,” Tristin replied, buying them time.
“Time to duck and roll,” Rafe said, lacing his boots quickly.
“Make sure she doesn’t hit her head,” Tristin said, flinging open the door a second before he raced up the hall to the control room.
Rafe nodded and turned to a wide eyed Isis. “Come on, sweetheart. Time to buckle up.”
She didn’t argue with him. “They’ll destroy the ship with me on it?”
Her voice was small and astonished and his fury at her captors rose. Not only had they kidnapped her, brainwashed her, and possibly impregnated her, now they were threatening to kill her.
“You’re safe. Tristin and I won’t let any more harm come to you. I promise.”
Her bottom lip trembled the slightest bit. He wanted to reach out and hold her, to offer her physical comfort and not just vocal promises. For now, the more central location in the ship would provide extra protection and that’d have to do.
An alarm echoed from one end of the ship to the other. Isis sucked in a sharp breath at the low, rolling sound.
“What’s that?”
Rafe glanced down the corridor where Tristin sat.
“They’re firing at us,” Tristin shouted.
Kill the fuckers, he sent the thought into Tristin’s mind.
Will do, Tristin replied.
The ship dipped left and Rafe stumbled into the hallway. He dove back into the stateroom, found Isis on unsteady feet and slammed the door behind him. The ship dipped right, tossing him against the door. He caught Isis as she stumbled and turned quickly so that she was positioned between him and the door. He gripped a support bar on the wall over their heads and steadied her with his body. Amazingly, the tension of the situation drove his lust down and Isis wrapped her arms around his waist, holding on tight.
“Do you need to help him?” she asked, her tone high and alarmed.
“He'll handle it.” He always did.
She nodded against his chest and clung tighter.
Though they’d been in this exact position hundreds of times before, somehow her trust now meant more than it ever had before. And he had no doubt that somewhere deep down, somehow, she trusted him. He could feel it in his bones.
There was hope, yet.
Un-freaking-believable. The truth roared through Tristin like a wildfire. Isis had been on Prime C. And they would have never known, never found her, had that Octican warning not gone off. My God, they’d been close to losing her twice.
We’ve got her, Rafe's voice rumbled through Tristin's mind.
They sure did. He was never letting her out of his sight again. And he sure as hell wasn’t going to hand her over to the bitches after them now. He would die protecting her, as would Rafe. It was how they were made. It was the oath they’d taken. It was their duty and their honor.
Tristin banked right and a blast lit up the left window.
The computer sounded another alarm signaling incoming attacks.
He cursed beneath his breath and opened up the throttle. A quick tap on the keypad sent a round of anti-missile darts into his wake. Easing up, he spun a hundred and eighty degrees and sent a volley of raybeams toward the other ship.
For the first time since they'd modified their fighter ship into a hybrid, making room for cargo, he was really missing his full arsenal. The glowing green screen to his right kept a tally of the weapons at his disposal. They only had four Stinger missiles on board so he couldn't afford to waste them.
The other ship bobbed and returned fire and he kept one hand on the controls, dodging the blasts. The other hand kept a steady stream of deadly blue light darting toward his enemy.
A burst of light told him he'd hit his target. A sinister smile stretched his lips and he launched a Stinger. Even looking down the line of death they kept up the fight. He sent the ship low, diving out of the way of the coming destruction. Two more taps of anti-missile darts filled the sky behind them like a nest of angry hornets.
The black screen in front of him showed the location of both ships and distance. At a safe rang he banked left and made a long sweep to come back around. Light from a star glinted off the hunks of metal filling the darkness before him.
“We're good,” he said into the ship-wide intercom.
One enemy down. He let out a sigh of relief. How many were left? Would they come after them again? Surely if they'd sent one crew they'd send another. If word got out about the kidnapping there'd be hell to pay for the tiny orange planet and its leaders. If they wanted a fight, they'd picked the wrong guys to fuck with.
He and Rafe had weathered the worst conditions the universe had to throw at them. They'd been beaten, left for dead, hauled each other's asses out of brawls and lava pits, Gessy caves and wreckage. They'd fought, they'd saved lives, and they’d protected the innocent. But they'd never had a mission hit so close to home.
His nostrils flared and he knew there were too many emotions clouding his mind so he pushed them down and concentrated on the tasks at hand.
After typing in the coordinates for Hiloo, the main port on DelSorna, he took the ship up to sonic speed. Even this fast it would take them three days to reach the planet. Now they just had to figure out how to convince Isis of the truth.
Chapter Four
“You don’t have to stare at me as if I’m going to disappear,” Isis murmured from her position on the bed.
Rafe sat back in his chair and dropped his gaze to the tablet in his hand.
According to Tristin, they were almost at DelSorna, wherever that was. In the past three days she’d had plenty of time to think; luckily the men had kept their distance. It was hard for them, she could tell by the way they’d stare at her longingly, their hands flexing at their sides as if they couldn’t wait to touch her.
But they hadn’t.
Not since Rafe had held her so tightly, so safely, as Tristin had fought off their attackers.
Isis sighed and glanced back at her own tablet. The knowledge of the universe was in the palm of her hand and yet she had no idea of what was real and what was not.
Was it possible that Rafe and Tristin were right? Had she been kidnapped? They seemed so sure. And with each hour that ticked by she felt less sure of anything she’d known to be true.
It was a long time later before he spoke up.
“You’ll have to forgive me. The last time I let you out of my sight I lost you for eight months.”
The look in his eyes was so sincere. He believed what he said was true with every fiber of his being, that much was obvious.
Their story hadn't changed. They were stopping to stock up the ship. Each of them had gone in a different direction to save time and when Isis hadn't joined them at the designated place and time they'd gone looking. They'd heard her scream. And that was the last time they'd seen or heard her until their chance encounter in the shipbay on Prime C.
Isis couldn't figure out how she had no memory of those events. It didn't make any sense because she could remember longer than eight months ago. But a part of her wanted to believe that they were right and what they said was true.
She'd called them barbarians because she’d been taught to think that men were muscular and mindless, raving as they went. But that wasn't true. These men, while muscular, were smart and tender, considerate and protective. If the Prime C mothers had been wrong about men, what else had they been wrong about?
The massive planet got larger by the second and Tristin had never felt so much relief. Though his shift at the controls was up, he was staying with Rafe because he was anxious to land. They'd page Isis's doctor and get the answers they so desperately needed.
After that they’d know how to proceed with damage control. Losing Isis wasn’t an option.
He didn’t have to ask if Rafe was worried about what they might discover. They both were and the set of Rafe’s jaw left no doubt in Tristin’s mind that there would be hell to pay for whoever had dared kidnap their bride. Now wasn’t the time to plan their vengeance though. They had to get answers first.
A wailing sound erupted through the cabin and Tristin sat up, spinning his chair toward the dashboard.
“What the—” The words barely escaped Rafe’s lips before the ship tossed forward.
Once Tristin picked himself up off the floor he hit the internal comm button. “Isis, hold onto something.”
“Why don’t these bitches give up?” Rafe asked, his hands flying over the buttons. The computer spit out a system check while Tristin fastened his seatbelt.
He waited two full seconds, hoping Isis had heeded his warning and then spun the ship around in a tight one eighty. The sunlit planet at their back illuminated the sleek silver ship before them. He had to hand it to them; the Prime C bitches had nice toys.
He accelerated into reverse, keeping one eye on the computer screen. It wouldn’t do to crash land on DelSorna just to escape the Prime C mercs. His left hand hit the anti-missile dart button and a cloud of small, silver projectiles filled the space between them and their enemy.
“They’re locked on again,” Rafe said.
Tristin fired his own volley, skidded left and then let a Stinger go. Either their captain was more nimble or perhaps it was the ship. The silver horn tipped right and ducked out of the way of his assault.
“I hate fighting in the open,” Rafe muttered.
He was right. There was nothing to use for cover. Nowhere to hide and it was hard to outrun an equally matched ship.
But that didn’t mean they couldn’t make a run for it.
“Gimme a volley,” Tristin said and spun the ship left.
“They’re following,” Rafe said.
Tristin sent the ship around the massive planet, hugging the atmosphere, dodging satellites and space debris.
The alarm sounded again.
“Count off,” he ground out, gripping the stick.
“Ten—”
“Isis, you good?” Tristin asked through the intercom.
“I’m fine,” she answered immediately.
“Four. Three—” Rafe continued and Tristin jerked the ship straight up and hit the dart release button at the same time.
Tension gripped his shoulders and wouldn’t let go. He fought the days of exhaustion and worry and focused on smoothly bringing the nose of his ship right up behind his enemy.
He fired his third String and crossed his fingers as they banked left to get out of the way. Throttling the engines, they dove down into DelSorna’s atmosphere. The parched earth was a welcome sight even if there wasn’t a drop of water to be had. But they knew their way around like the back of their hand so—
The ship lurched forward again and the computer started listing damages as a string of curses erupted from Rafe’s lips. What kind of weapon was that that it didn't show up on the computer?
“Thoughts?” Tristin asked, releasing another stream of spitfire before dodging their return strike. A burst of blue light filled the right side of the cabin and the ship shuddered.
He gritted his teeth, hands fighting the strength of the blast.
“Fuck them.”
“Not gonna happen, but I’ll gladly blow ‘em out of the sky.” Tristin grinned and Rafe nodded.
“You’d better go secure our girl,” Tristin warned.
“Right.” Rafe hopped up and raced down the corridor, his boots heavy against the grate.
Another blast dropped the tail of the ship down, shaking it like an earthquake. A bolt of fire and smoke burst into the control room.
“Explosion in starboard engine,” the computer said.
“No shit,” Tristin ground out. “Rafe!”
No answer.
He tried the intercom.
No reply.
He took his eyes off the rocky landscape long enough to look back at the central corridor. Rafe’s body lay face down against the grate and to Tristin’s surprise, Isis crouched over the fallen man, checking his pulse. She was calling his name and running her hands along his body as if checking for injuries.
Was it instinct or was her memory returning?
He returned his attention to the task at hand. The jagged mountains would provide much needed cover. He launched a round of anti-missile darts and pointed the nose of the ship down into a deep crevice.
If they made it out of this alive he was going to give Rafe hell for taking a break. He glanced back. Isis was wrapping a strip of cloth around Rafe’s bicep.
“Hold onto him,” Tristin shouted over the rumbling.
He banked left and prayed that the engine would hold out as he swerved around an outcrop like a barrel racer. There was a sputter and then a pop from the rear of the ship. Ignoring it and the accompanying fear, he dipped right, accelerating through the turns. Golden rock whizzed by the window, seemingly close enough to reach out and touch.
The computer showed the other ship losing ground and a smile twisted his lips.
“Kill the fuckers already,” Rafe’s deep voice boomed through the ship. A second later he dropped into the seat next to Tristin and strapped in. “Isis, buckle up.”
A bubble of relief fizzed through Tristin as he approached a natural land bridge. Over or under? He started to dive and the incoming alarm sounded. Isis’s gasp echoed in his ears but he didn’t have time to squelch her fears.
Rafe hit the anti-missile button and Tristin pulled out of the dive, zooming over the land bridge with inches to spare.
“That was close,” Rafe muttered.
“Too close,” Isis agreed.
“One of you want to drive?” Tristin snapped. Sweat dripped down the back of his neck. While years of fighting and piloting a war ship came back like second nature and he had a lot of muscle memory to thank, he’d never felt stress quite this acutely.
“Caves,” Isis whispered. At least that’s what he thought she said.
He shared a glance with Rafe who looked as surprised at Tristin felt. Her memory had to be returning. They’d trained in the caves when they’d first gotten their ship.
His right hand moved over a keypad, typing in a code that would launch a seeker missile. The second it fired he wheeled the ship left and watched the massive silver bullet disappear behind them.
The ship careened toward the black hole in the side of the mountain and he used every bit of focus to stay as centered as possible. Rafe gripped the edge of the dashboard so hard his knuckles turned white. Tristin felt the same anxiety as he threaded the needle. Any touching would send them spiraling out of control.
“Missile destroyed,” the ship’s computer said.
Couldn’t be easy, could it?
The computer rattled off coordinates as the enemy followed. Luckily, he knew these caves well and didn’t have to turn on his lights as the inky darkness swallowed them like a giant yawn. Pinpricks of tension needled down his arms as he fought to keep the ship on course. Please let this work.
A sharp right sent them swinging around a corner into a massive cavern and he accelerated through the turn until he was behind his enemy. He didn’t pause for a second to question his decision to open fire.
The explosion of the enemy ship was like a fireworks display and he pulled up to avoid the debris cloud.
He slowed as he approached another passage way and then doubled back to check the wreckage. Tristin sighed inwardly, not ready to give himself over to relief quite yet. Rafe hit a few buttons on the control panel.
“No survivors,” the computer said.
They breathed a unanimous sigh of relief.
Chapter Five
Tristin gripped the controls and pointed the ship toward Hiloo, the main port on DelSorna. Urgency filled him, making his movements quick and efficient. He wouldn’t be happy until Isis’s doctor checked her out and told them why she couldn’t remember who they were.
When she’d gone missing, they’d let themselves think up all sorts of scenarios. Amnesia had been on the list. They’d often wondered if she simply couldn’t remember who she was or how to get home to them. The prospect had been terrifying, along with all the other worst case scenarios, but now it was true.
She didn’t remember them.
She had no idea she was married, loved, cherished.
He rubbed the thick wall of muscle over his heart and checked the gauges as the craft dipped toward the golden planet.
“We have her back. That’s what’s important,” Rafe said from the co-pilot's seat.
“What if she never remembers?” He spoke the question that had been nagging him for the last few minutes. Hell, who was he kidding? It would nag him until he had a solid answer.
“Then we’ll remind her. We’ll make her fall in love with us all over again.”
Tristin grunted.
“What? Don’t think you’re up to the challenge?”
Tristin was always up for a challenge and Rafe knew it. But Isis…she’d been the brightest spot in his life. Finding a solid relationship with her and Rafe was his ultimate blessing. What if she didn’t love him the second go round?
A voice came from nowhere. “Approaching Hiloo.”
Rafe glanced over his shoulder at Tristin. He doubted either of them had ever been so happy to see the giant city. Buildings climbed toward the sky like a game of ultimate dominos.
Tristin settled into his chair and surveyed the dashboard of controls. As missions went, they were running on fumes. The engine would need replacing, so would several other chunks of exterior paneling. Nothing he and Rafe couldn’t handle. Except that Rafe was injured. Rafe and Isis would need medical care.
Fifteen minutes later he was parked and summoning Isis’s doctor via the com. The ship powered down with a relieved groan.
“I know the feeling,” he said, patting the dashboard as if it were a child.
“She’s healthy. Thinner than she used to be but her nutrition seems fine. She’s obviously confused,” Dr. Coonallawalla murmured, just out of earshot of her patient.
Rafe and Tristin nodded, waiting for the answer to the most important question.
“I think it’s a drug of some sort that’s blanked her memories. I have no doubt it will wear off but I can’t give you a time frame. The good news is, she’s unharmed and she’s not pregnant.”
Thank God.
Tristin seconded that thought.
“But right now, that news isn’t sitting well with her.” Doctor Coonallawalla glanced back at Isis. “She’s been brainwashed into thinking that she needs to be pregnant. That it’s her duty.”
Rafe bit back a choice word.
“Thanks doctor.” Tristin shook the woman’s hand and Rafe followed his lead.
The doctor’s gaze narrowed on Rafe’s bandaged arm. “Want me to look at that?”
“Go ahead and let her look,” Tristin said, knowing Rafe would protest. “I’m going to check on Isis.”
As Tristin made his way down the corridor he heard Rafe grumbling. He knew the feeling. And if he’d been in Rafe’s shoes he wouldn’t want to get checked out either. But since Isis was their resident combat nurse and didn’t seem to know it, it would be good to get a second opinion on the cuts and burns.
Isis paced back and forth across the stateroom.
“Hey,” he said quietly, everything in him going soft at the sight of her. She wore one of his shirts and Rafe’s belt cinched the fabric tight around her waist. Did she have any clue how mouth-watering she was? Did she know how happy he was just to be in the same room with her again?
The wild look in her eyes said no, she was completely unaware of her affect.
“Tristin.” She nodded politely.
“The doctor’s seeing to Rafe’s wounds. Good job wrapping that back there. He’d be pissed if he got blood everywhere.”
Her lips turned up at his teasing. His chest puffed up. That was a good sign.
But just as quickly as the smile had appeared, it dissolved and she turned away and continued the path across the small space. Three steps later she turned back and headed the opposite direction.
“What are you fretting about?” he asked as he stepped closer. His hands ached to pull her against him, to feel her lush curves cradling his body. Insanity would surely claim him if he continued denying himself the pleasure.
She paused and glanced at him for a moment before continuing her steps. “Everything.”
The honest answer surprised him for some reason. The old Isis had beat around the bush, often remaining vague about her worries so she did not worry him or Rafe.
“Okay, let’s start at the top of the list.”
“I’m not pregnant.”
He hooked his hands over his hips so that he didn’t reach for her, or worse, punch another wall.
“And that’s a bad thing?”
“That’s all I’ve ever wanted Tristin.” That was news to him. “It was the goal of every woman on Prime C.”
Fuck. He’d stepped into it bigtime. Raking a hand through his hair he settled into the corner chair and tried to appear more nonchalant than he felt.
“Did Doctor Coonallawalla talk to you about it?”
“She just said ‘you’re not with child’ as if I should be relieved.”
“But you’re not,” he stated, watching the way she wrung her hands like an old dishrag.
“No. Yes. I don’t know.” The words tumbled from her lips and she plunked down on the edge of the bed. Warm light from Del Sorna’s sun filtered through the window at her back, casting her in a lovely silhouette.
“For what it’s worth you never wanted a child before.” They’d discussed babies at length, deciding they were happier without one.
“I didn’t?” She paused rubbing between her brows.
“No.”
“I can’t figure out how that’s possible. How is it you know this and I don’t?”
“Doc says it’s a drug probably. They zapped you with new memories, locked your past.”
She stared at him for several long moments as if trying to reconcile what he was telling her with what she knew.
“How else do you explain your knowledge of the caves?” he asked. “And the way you jumped to Rafe’s rescue…you used to treat our wounds yourself.”
Her brows lifted and she seemed to file that away.
“If what you say is true, if I was kidnapped—”
“You were.”
“And they brainwashed me—”
He gave her a ‘they did’ look.
“What am I going to do now? My friends were on Prime C. I don't know if they made it off or—” She stopped abruptly as if speaking the rest of the sentence was abhorrent. “I don’t remember my past and I have no future on Prime C. I can't go back there, not knowing what I do. But what about Natacha? What about the rest of the women? What do I do now? It’s the question that keeps running through my mind until I’m dizzy.”
He ached for her misery, for losing her and finding her so confused.
“Well, the first thing we’re going to do is alert the Universal Authority to report the crimes committed,” he said, rising.
Isis pulled her lower lip between her teeth.
“It’ll be okay, darlin’. I promise.”
“You shouldn’t make promises you can’t keep.”
“I never do.”
She stared at him for a long time, her golden-green eyes studying him from head to toe as if she was trying to figure him out.
“Do I have parents?”
He nodded. “Yes. They left Dornick two years ago for a more temperate planet. Would you like to speak to them?”
She shook her head quickly. “No. Not yet.”
She looked out the window and asked “siblings?”
“Two brothers. Anek is king now and Ori owns a shipping company.”
She sighed. “I wish I could remember them.”
Them. Not him. Not Rafe.
Try as he might, the words still singed him like acid. Even though he told himself that in her shoes this would be a lot to take in. He’d had three days and a mind full of memories and she was stuck in an alternate reality. He needed to give her time.
He needed space. And air.
“I’m going to go inspect the damage,” he said and strode to the door. The tightness in his chest almost brought him to his knees. He really did need that air. A walk. Cooling off period, whatever you wanted to call it.
He strode down the gangway and out into the sunlight.
Chapter Six
Isis stared after the males, her head aching.
“Think. Think,” she murmured. The door shut with a thud of finality and she sank back against the cushions and let the tears come. She cried with fear, confusion, and the loss of her friends. But mostly confusion. Everything she'd ever known was gone. Everything she'd been told was a lie. There were men on Prime C. She'd been captured by one.
He was as heart stealingly handsome as the maid-mothers said he would be. Almost godlike in his size and strength, there was a power to his movements that left her in awe. And when he touched her, she went weak all over.
No, her body was not scared of him. Being in his arms was like coming home. And that scared her more than Octican.
And yet, he'd saved her. Swept her off of the planet before the poisonous gas could end her life. She snuggled down into the bed, inhaling his scent. Knowing what she did now, there was no way she was going back to Prime C. But what would she do? How would she live? Survive? Did she have any skills? Everything had been provided on Prime C. She'd worry about that...later. She'd rest for a minute and then figure out what to do next.
She was warm at last. Cocooned and safe, her legs felt heavy. Pleasure coursed through her, making her feel lazy and decadent.
“Mmm.”
The tongue lapping at her core, quickened bringing her to the brink of climax. Then it withdrew. Isis opened her eyes, an anxious cry on her lips. But instead of the machine with its belt of rotating tongues and driving shaft, Rafe's brilliant gaze stared back at her as he knelt between her legs, feasting on her. His blue eyes held her motionless. She couldn't be shy around him, especially when he made her feel so wonderful.
His big hands slid over her calves, up her knees, then stopped halfway up her thighs, holding them wide for his sensual assault.
“You're beautiful,” he murmured. Then his tongue snaked between his lips and he dipped his head again. She lifted her hips, shamelessly offering herself to him. He teased her clit, back and forth, steadily building the pleasure again. Her body heated with each tantalizing swipe.
Another strong pair of hands closed over her breasts and she realized she lay on top of Tristin. He pinched her nipples between thumb and forefinger.
“Oh!” The cry tumbled from her lips and her back arched, pressing herself into his waiting hands.
Rafe groaned, the vibration teasing her sensitive flesh. “You’re so hot, baby.” A thick finger tested her wetness.
“You can deny us all you want, sweetheart. But your body tells the truth.”
Tristin was right. So right. It felt so good. She felt so warm. So loved. So safe.
“See how your thighs tremble for him,” he whispered and then nipped her ear. “Feel how your body opens for him? Accepts him?”
Rafe’s finger traced her lips, then twisted inside her.
Tristin continued tweaking her nipples. “I’ll bet you’re wet. Dripping for him.” His naughty words made her hotter. Wetter.
“Feel how hard your beautiful nipples are? You can't deny it, can you? Do you dare deny it?” Tristin slid one hand down her belly, circled her belly button with his finger, and then cupped her breast again. Unable to stop herself, she moaned.
Her fingers plucked the sheet on either side of them. Rafe's finger burrowed inside her slick channel, then curled upward. Her hips launched forward driving her into his waiting mouth. As he fingered her, he gave her a look of satisfaction. Conquest.
“Admit it. You want us. You want this. You want his mouth on your sweet little cunt, bringing you to the brink over and over again. Admit it, Isis. Admit it.” Tristin’s voice was slightly breathless, his hard cock seared between them.
“Yes!” What started out as agreement quickly turned to an explosion as Rafe sucked her clit into his mouth, starting the orgasm she'd needed so desperately. “Mmm...yes.” The waves crashed through her, filling her like a blinding light. So good.
“Isis…”
She was shaking. She’d never come like this in her life. “Isis, wake up.”
The warm hand on her shoulder squeezed. Shook her gently. Her eyes popped open and she stared up into Rafe’s blue eyes.
“Sleep well?” His gaze swept the length of her body and she felt her skin warm beneath the soft material.
She swallowed the lump in her throat as her cheeks heated. Could he tell what she’d been dreaming? That she was incredibly aroused? That he’d been in the process of bringing her the greatest orgasm the universe had ever known?
Okay, maybe that was a bit much. But by the look in his eyes, he knew. And he was pleased as punch.
He held out his hand to help her up.
Her gaze moved from his large palm to his brilliant blue eyes. There was something so familiar about him. But how was that possible? She was certain she'd seen that scar beneath his left eye before.
“You all right, baby?” Why did her insides melt a little when he called her that? And why couldn't she remember anything before a few hours ago? What had she eaten for breakfast? Had she eaten breakfast?
She shook her head, trying to knock the memories into place. But they wouldn't come.
Placing her hand in his felt natural, as if she'd done so a thousand times before...relying on this...man...trusting him. Was it safe to trust him?
Would she be safe if she didn't trust him? With a spotty memory and no idea where in the universe she was, she swallowed that last hint of fear and slipped her fingers into his warm grasp. His hand closed over hers and he tugged her to her feet.
Once they were standing toe to toe, he didn't let her go. He stood there, looking down at her. Emotions flickered across his face, emotions she wasn't sure she could identify. Why did everything seem so cloudy?
She remembered her session with the machines, all those tongues driving her toward pleasure, the shaft planting the seeds, her cries of ecstasy. More clearly, she remembered the fear of watching everyone else board a life ship, and the initial terror that this man had caused.
But with her hand in his, standing so close she could inhale his masculine scent, she was no longer afraid.
“Confused?” he asked, as if reading her mind.
She nodded.
With his free hand, he ran his thumb down her forehead. “You always got a crease here when you were confused about something.”
Why did he say things like that, like he was trying to remind her, convince her of their past together. Their long, thorough...intimate past. Her gaze dropped to his broad shoulders, his naked arms, so big, corded with so much muscle; he mesmerized her.
Her survey continued south. His body seemed chiseled from muscle, and her curiously made her cheeks heat. In her dream he’d been naked; they’d both been naked. Would he look the same in real life? Further south, a bulge pressed against his pants. She recognized that from her dream.
Was it a dream?
Or was it a memory? Surely it was a memory manifesting itself into her dreams. She’d never uttered such naughty words. Never thought of them. Never desired a man and his hard body.
“Let’s eat. That’ll make you feel better,” Rafe said.
“I got you some clothes,” Tristin added. He sat a large bag at her feet and they both backed out of the room, shutting the door behind themselves.
Isis didn’t hesitate before diving into the bag. She found two outfits. One of pants, a shirt, and a vest. The earthy tones and casual style reminded her of some of the outfits she’d been wearing in the photos they’d shown her.
There it was, she was going to have to come to terms with the fact that she was who they said she was. Their Isis. Their wife. But how did one woman divide her affections?
Not something she needed to worry about. One step at a time.
The other outfit was a pale purple gown. Tight in the chest, gathered along the sides and sort of shimmery all over. It was beautiful; the fabric so soft to the touch she didn’t think she’d ever felt anything quite like it. There were two pair of shoes at the bottom of the bag and some underthings.
Tristin had thought of everything and she wasn’t surprised. When he wasn’t brooding or punching walls he was very thoughtful and attentive. Both males were.
After the way the maid-mothers made them out, she hadn’t expected the males’ gentleness or concern. But it was quickly becoming obvious that the maid-mothers hadn’t just been wrong, they’d lied. They’d created a bubble existence and the women, the captives were expected to fall in line and believe.
Anger burned in her belly and she slipped on the undergarments. It’d be good to get out of Tristin’s shirt. Even though it was large enough and thick enough to cover her well, she couldn’t ignore the way his scent hung on the cloth. It reminded her of him throughout the day.
She slipped into the pants, buttoned the shirt and then donned on the vest. When she entered the bridge a few moments later, Tristin was pacing back and forth in front of the controllers and Rafe sat in one of the adjacent chairs, forearms on his knees. The tension drained out of them as they turned toward her and she felt their inspection as if it was an invisible touch.
Somehow she knew that such things existed in the universe. Some races were born with it. Others grew into the talent. Telekinesis she thought it was called. How she knew that, she didn’t know. It was not something anyone on Prime C had ever mentioned. But she was sure of it, deep down. Were her memories returning?
Did one of them have the power?
“You look…” Tristin started but didn’t finish the sentence.
“Like you used to,” Rafe said with an edge of pride in his voice.
“Beautiful,” Tristin finally finished and took a step toward her.
She hated that they obviously expected to pick up where they’d left off. They expected to have their bride back, memories, physical intimacy and all. A part of her wished she could say something that would ease their pain much the same way they’d been comforting and supporting her from the moment they’d plucked her off of Prime C.
But she had nothing to give them. No words that would sooth them. Even the doctor didn’t know if or when her memories would return. She hated the idea of getting their hopes up.
“I thought we’d go to the Palace,” Rafe said, standing.
“You used to enjoy the view,” Tristin added and she could tell that he was pulling himself together. His voice sounded steadier than it had moments ago.
“Should I change?” she asked, thinking of the lovely purple gown.
Rafe shook his head. “You’re fine as you are. After we saved his daughter, the king would never dare find fault with your clothing.”
“You saved his daughter?” she asked as they escorted her down the gangway.
“We did,” Tristin said, waving his finger at the three of them. “We used to be hired guns. The princess was just one of many people the three of us rescued over the years.”
The Palace wasn’t what Isis had expected. Sure it was grand but it was enormously tall. Craning her next straight up, she couldn’t see the top. The transport hurtled them into the sky and she stumbled forward. Rafe caught her easily and kept his hand on her arms until she had her balance.
“Thank you,” she murmured.
“Yer thankin’ me for the wrong thing, sweetheart,” he replied in that deep gravely way that made something inside of her flutter.
She glanced up to see a tight expression on his face. “What do you mean?”
“You should be thanking me for letting you go. You have no idea how hard it is to keep our hands off you.”
Oh she had an idea all right. Every time she caught them glancing her way the hunger in their eyes made her feel like a morsel on a dinner plate. While she’d never been attracted to any of the women on Prime C, she completely understood it. And while she certainly felt something when she looked at both men, when they looked and touched her, she didn’t think it’d be fair to them to act on it until they understood what had happened to her.
How had she been kidnapped? Would her memory return? What would happen with Prime C?
There’d been nothing like this palace on Prime C. Everything there had been flat and wide, a single level as far as she knew.
“Did you alert the authorities?” she asked Tristin?
He nodded. Looked so handsome in the soft overhead light. The change of clothes and shave seemed to have improved his disposition a little. Not that she could blame him. Being on solid ground, taking a nice long shower could do wonders for anyone.
“They’ll be here tomorrow or the day after to speak with you about what you saw.”
She took a deep breath. She’d tell them everything she knew, which admittedly wasn’t much. Why hadn’t she paid more attention?
“And your arm?” she asked Rafe.
He glanced at the injury briefly. Like Tristin, he’d showered and shaved. The fresh shirt hid the bandage she knew was lurking beneath. “I’ll live.”
“Fifteen sutures,” Tristin teased. “Figures he’d tap out on me when—”
He cut off when Rafe shot him a dirty look.
Luckily, the lift stopped and the doors opened, cutting off any further remarks or retributions. Rafe stepped out and glanced around. She was coming to realize that they were both hyper vigilant, always watching out for her. She’d never felt so protected before and it surprised her that she liked the way they made her feel so safe. She’d always felt a little on edge on Prime C thanks to the Octican warnings.
Dinner was a much simpler affair than she’d expected based on the way the king doted on her and sent servants scattering all directions. A small round table had been placed on a balcony overlooking Hiloo. A spectacular sunset colored the sky in reds, orange and pink. The three of them shared a delicious meal and she tried her darnedest to keep up a steady stream of neutral questions.
She couldn’t stand the pained silences. And though she feared any discussion, and question would remind the two males what they’d had and lost, she wanted to learn as much as she could about this world. It was like the universe had suddenly opened up and invited her in. There was so much to see, so much to explore and she wasn’t the least fearful.
The maid-mothers had lied. The males weren’t evil. They didn’t pillage. She was sure that somewhere, there were bad species, hateful, harmful planets and peoples. But all she felt was brave and adventurous. Curiosity capsized her confusion and she soaked in the moment and the cool air.
“Enjoying yourself?” Tristin asked.
“Very much.”
“Good,” Rafe said with a nod.
“This used to be one of your favorite places. In fact, we dined just like this the night before you disappeared.”
She glanced around the massive balcony and tried to see if anything was familiar. While she didn’t recognize anything, she did feel calm and at peace here.
“I can see why.”
Chapter Seven
Two days later they met with a contingent from the Authority at the palace. Isis was relieved that Dr. Coonallawalla sat in, offering her thoughts about what Isis had been through and why she couldn’t remember her real past.
Unfortunately, Isis didn’t get the feeling that the contingent took her too seriously.
That afternoon she found Rafe in the lavatory fumbling with a fresh bandage. As she was coming to expect, he didn’t like not being able to do something himself. For such a large man he was quick and efficient in his movements, surefooted and almost graceful. She understood his frustration. In fact, that seemed to be the soup of the day around here. Neither of them had pressed her for more, nor for a commitment to them.
It was as if they were silently waiting while the ship was repaired. She’d met with Dr. Coonallawalla yesterday for a few follow up tests. But Isis’s patience was wearing thin. She wanted forward momentum. She’d been in Rafe and Tristin’s company for five days now and while she felt at ease for the most part, a part of her needed a change.
“Let me,” she said, stepping in front of him.
He glanced down at her for a half a heartbeat and then handed over the white gauze. Gently as she could, she wrapped the material around his arm and taped off the edge.
“We really need to invest in a medbay,” he muttered.
“Didn’t Hayln have one installed?”
They both realized at the same instant that she’d remembered something. Her hands stilled and she was pretty sure he was holding his breath.
“Tristin!” Rafe shouted. A split second later they heard a crash somewhere above them followed by a string of curses that should have shocked her but didn’t.
“You remember,” Rafe said, forgetting the bandage and pulled her into his arms.
The hard muscle of his body should have been unyielding, unwelcoming but somehow, being in his arms was the exact opposite. It felt natural, normal, comforting even.
Why did her body remember what her mind could not?
She shook her head, sad to needlessly excite him. “Just a name. I’m so sorry Rafe.”
And she was. She felt like they were playing a game of tug-of-war. Them wanting her, remembering good times with a woman she didn’t even know. While she realized how attractive they were and she appreciated how gentle they were, she felt like an imposter. Like she was stepping into some other woman’s shoes and stealing her life.
“What is it?” Tristin asked as he careened into the room. “Bloody hell.” He rubbed the back of his head and sent a wild eyed look at Rafe before his gaze zeroed in on their embrace.
“She remembered Hayln’s medbay.”
Tristin closed the distance, the scowl disappeared and his eyes lit with hope.
“What else do you remember, baby?”
Deflated, she shook her head. “I know that someone named Hayln has a med bay. That’s all I remember. I’m sorry.” But as she spoke an image came to mind. Then it seemed to focus. Hayln West, their friend and fellow merc with his dark hair and brooding good looks. Had he decided to take a chance on love yet or was he still insisting he didn’t need a life partner?
“Stop apologizing. You didn’t choose this,” he said.
Easy for him to say. He wasn’t in her position. He didn’t see how they looked at her each day, waiting, hoping. Their yearning caused an ache deep in her guy and she didn’t think any medicine in the universe would make it better.
An entire relationship hinged on her and she had zero frame of reference for a triad. Heck, she was having trouble with the fact that males were desirable partners.
Worse, she could feel their pain with every set back. What her mind didn’t know, her body was completely in tune with and the tension radiating off these males was thick and potent.
She desperately needed to extract herself for a few days, maybe longer. Space. She needed space and time and her memories. Real ones.
Staying with Dr. Coonallawalla was both the best and hardest decision she’d made since deciding to take that shortcut to the shippad that sent her on a collision course with Rafe.
Isis tucked her feet and scrolled through photo after photo, article after article, video after video. Nothing had brought her memory back. And while Rafe and Tristin hadn’t been thrilled with her desire to move in with the doctor, they were, as always, supportive. Dropping by each day to check on her and take her on walks.
It would be so easy to fall for them. Either of them. Both of them.
But she hated depending on them, having no money of her own. She was fretting over what kind of job she could do when Dr. Coonallawalla came home. By the intensity of the golden orange light coming through the far window, Isis realized she’d spent another day glued to the tablet with the screen on in the background, spouting galaxy news all day long.
“How about we go out for dinner? I know a quiet little place not too far from here. It’ll be good for you to see more of the planet with your own eyes.”
Isis knew what the Doctor meant. Everything she read or watched was filtered, biased, reported and there could be a slant. Her search on Prime C had yielded a few results, questions as to their purpose and why they were so private. She’d done research on Rafe and Tristin and their job. She’d searched for information about Dornick, her family, even Del Sorna. Everything was right there at her fingertips and she was soaking it up.
“I’d like that. Thank you.”
Though she’d started the day with a walk, she was anxious to get outside, feel the sun on her face, explore a little more. Maybe she’d see something that would spark her memories or perhaps she’d find something she could do for work.
The sign above the door read Cantina and Isis wondered what that meant. But she trusted Dr. Coonallawalla who had excellent taste in food. Isis’s taste buds were still day dreaming about last night’s dinner.
They were seated next to a window and Isis ignored the menu to watch the world go by. She liked this place; it was rustic and casual.
“I like the design of this place,” she murmured, glancing around. The walls were a warm honey color and bright pops of blue, green and azure accented the space.
“Me too. The food is excellent. What are you having?”
She glanced at the menu then. Everything looked good. And the scent coming from the back made her stomach rumble.
“Want me to order for you?”
Isis smiled. “Please. Thank you.”
Each day she found herself wanting to experience so much that she got overwhelmed. And it pained her that she wasn’t able to pay her own way. No doubt Tristin and Rafe had given Dr. Coonallawalla money to use on Isis’s behalf. Just another thing to thank and repay them for.
She glanced around again, enthralled with the hustle and bustle. Whereas Prime C had been stoic with the ultra-clean and all white design, Hiloo burst with color and life and energy. Isis enjoyed eavesdropping on a near-bye table and smiled at a baby across the way.
It was then that she realized she hadn’t smiled in over a week, not a real, honest smile. She’d have to find more things that made her lips curve upward and her heart squeeze.
A dark haired man caught her attention as he stepped into the back room. As he turned to close the curtain she got a glimpse at his face. Hard jaw, thin nose, jet black brows and a vicious scar on his left cheek.
He looked familiar but she couldn’t place him. Surely she’d known him before she’d been kidnapped. Had she come here before? Had she and Tristin and Rafe eaten here? Was this one of her favorite spots too?
She ran her hand across the weathered table top. The chipped texture was familiar and she was almost one hundred percent sure she’d been here before.
Excitement over the prospect of getting her memory back she asked Dr. Coonallawalla if she could borrow her com.
The action jolted something inside of her and she realized it wasn’t just familiar. It was a memory. She’d sat at this very table, ran her hands over the weathered finish, stuffed herself full of food until Tristin and Rafe had to haul her out.
Smiling, the doctor handed it over. “Touching base with your men?”
Isis secretly liked the sound of that. Her men.
And indeed they were. Completely devoted; all she had to do was say the word.
“You know how they worry,” Isis said.
Fingers flying over the buttons she sent them a message, letting them know what she’d remembered. Funny how a small little memory like that meant the world to her.
She’d just hit send when another memory jolted her. The man. She had known him in the past. Briefly. But it was his picture that she remembered most. She’d seen it on screen this morning. While the news was on, a ticker of criminals scrolled down the right side. That’s where she knew him from.
A chill covered her from head to toe and she sent a tip to the authorities and sent up a silent prayer to whatever being was listening.
Briefly she thought of leaving the cantina. They should go. But for some reason she couldn’t put a finger on, she wasn’t scared so she remained rooted to the spot.
“Are you all right?” Dr. Coonallawalla asked.
A second later their food was delivered and Isis tried to get her heartbeat under control. Several deep breaths helped.
“Are you remembering something?” she asked.
Isis shook her head. No use getting the Doctor alarmed. Isis wasn’t even sure what crime the man had committed to get put on the list.
“This smells delicious,” she said and dove in. Thin, pressed bread wrapped around hunks of meat. The first bite made her groan as spices exploded on her tongue.
The front door on the cantina burst open and a flood of people in full combat gear poured inside. Shouts rang out and the Doctor cowered beneath the table. Isis looked around for a weapon and found a dinner knife. But the soldiers filed into the back. A few secured the front and told everyone it was safe to exit.
Isis kept hold of her knife, grabbed a wrap and then pulled Dr. Coonallawalla out the door. Above the chaos on the street she saw Tristin and Rafe towering over the rest of the crowd. While she wasn’t surprised to be able to pick them out so easily, they were both very tall after all, she couldn’t figure out why they were heading her way like a homing missile.
They reached her in no time flat, a dozen questions coming from each other them. Dr. Coonallawalla faded into the background as Rafe and then Tristin swept her up in their arms. She dropped the wrap and hugged them back.
Chapter Eight
“I still can’t believe you managed to catch a criminal with no memory and no weapon.”
“I had the dinner knife,” Isis corrected playfully.
Not only had she turned in a wanted man, there’d been a reward out for his capture. She was rich. Well, not rich. But she could live for a good while if she was frugal. But she had a feeling that it was only a matter of time before everything came back to her. She just hoped she liked her old self.
The three of them entered the port, a bag of takeout in hand. The poor chef at the cantina had almost suffered a heart attack when the troops had stormed in. But once the dust had settled he was happy to make them a fresh batch of their favorite foods.
Her mouth was watering.
A shot rang out and without hesitation, she dropped to the ground.
Rafe and Tristin were right there with her except they had guns in their hands. Another shot kicked up a cloud of dust right in front of her face.
Tristin rolled to the right. She didn't think twice about following his lead. Beneath the safety of a ship they returned fire.
“Don’t these bitches ever give up?” Tristin yelled.
“Apparently not!” she yelled back.
From the safety of a landing platform, they took stock of their enemies. Her body coiled as she searched every nook and cranny for Prime C soldiers. Tristin and Rafe returned fire. They were surrounded.
Dust kicked up around her feet and she tucked them tighter, and hugged the thick leg supporting the ship overhead.
“I count twelve,” she called to the men. Why was she counting the enemy, she wondered but it seemed like the most natural thing in the world. Just like she automatically reached for her weapon. Her weapon…
Her hand came back empty.
“Give me a gun,” she said to no one in particular. Tristin and Rafe glanced at each other with raised brows.
A shot hit the hull above and rained sparks around them.
Rafe handed over a weapon and then reached into his boot. He withdrew a long knife, nodded at Tristin and then slid the knife back into its hiding spot.
“We’ll cover you,” Tristin said, returning fire toward the far side of the lane. Isis wasted no time aiming at the soldier hiding behind the gangway two ships away.
She took a deep breath and pulled the trigger. The burst was smooth and there was no recoil. She swung left, her brain somehow calculating the exact location of the next soldier she’d counted. As she heard the body of the first soldier hit the ground she aimed at the next. She kept firing and her fear dissolved as if it’d never been.
Blast after blast shimmered around her until the heat singed her skin. But still she returned fire.
“On your left,” she shouted to Tristin and aimed right over his head and let the woman have a taste of her own medicine. A charred circle appeared on her chest and she fell forward and thudded against the ground.
Her back hit the ground and the wind left her lungs in a swift exhale. Tristin stared down at her, plastered against her from chest to knee. Then they were rolling and he fired over her head. She wove her arms around his neck, an inappropriate burst of desire heating her from the inside out.
She used the heel of her boot to push off and they rolled right, firing overhead until they were behind the shelter of another landing leg. Isis pushed away and plastered her back against the thick metal brace and absorbed the chaos around them.
The return fire was much more sporadic. Based on the sound of the laser blasts, she counted five distinct shooters.
“I don’t have a shot,” Tristin muttered.
“Me either.”
“Cover me.”
She hated shooting blindly in Rafe’s direction. There was no sign of him, save for the bodies littering the ground on the far side of the aisle. Reasonably sure they’d taken out everyone on this side and on their flank she gave the area one last long look before nodding to Tristin.
Though she couldn’t remember the details, she knew she’d done this before. The weight of the gun was as familiar to her as her own reflection. Her body knew just what to do as she leaned out from behind the landing leg and sent a volley of blasts toward the other row of ships. And though she felt a moment of remorse for the property damage, she wasn’t letting those women in white out of here alive.
She’d march up the steps of the Universal Authority herself if that’s what it took to get Prime C shut down.
Tristin gave her the ‘okay’ hand signal from the next ship over. A blast hit the landing leg at her back and the ship groaned. Shrapnel splintered around her and she winced. Tristin yelled her name but she didn’t answer. Couldn’t answer. Her stomach clenched and she trembled against the quaking metal leg.
Tristin’s voice was drowned out by the blasts raining down on her position. They wanted her dead above all else.
Sitting duck. That’s what they’d called it when they were pinned down with no options. The memory, the sound of Rafe’s voice as he’d said the words (more than once) jolted through her.
They’d never let themselves stay still long. That was just asking for it.
From the corner of her eye she saw Tristin stand. She glanced over at him, saw him lean out from behind the cover of the small ship. He let loose a blaze of brilliant blue laser blasts as he darted toward her. But the soldiers returned fire with a vengeance and he backtracked.
She heard the distinct sound of a body falling to the ground across the aisle. For some reason the sound of the soldier’s bones crunching as she slapped against the dirt didn’t faze Isis. Her mind was speeding up. Instinct took over. She was calculating, steadying her breathing, calming her fear.
Another direct hit against the hull of the ship above her sent the thing teetering. Metal screamed and seams snapped. Tristin’s terrified scream echoed in the background as she stood. Digging deep she found the power within herself to move. The woman they’d captured and drugged would have frozen on the spot. But the old Isis was coming back in fits and spurts. Luckily, she picked that moment to kick in and without a second thought she raced forward.
She took cover behind another ship, but only for a second. Then she was running, circling left, behind Tristin’s position. She kept going, arms pumping, legs stretching as she sailed by one, two, three ships.
Pausing just long enough to catch her breath and get her bearings, she heard the laser blasts in the distance. Where were the Hiloo police?
The three of them never waited around for help, but still, she was surprised that five minutes had passed and the Calvary hadn’t ridden in yet.
Didn’t matter. She’d never been one to back down from a fight. Taking a deep breath she darted across the main aisle in the shipyard. The white suits of the Prime C soldiers stood out in stark contrast to the earthy surroundings. This wasn’t the antiseptic shipport of Prime C where everything was white and textureless. The ships were mismatched, the ground a rusty dirt color, and the sun was bright and hot.
Sweat dripped down Isis’s brow to her temple. She wiped it away with a quick dip of her head against her bicep. Her left hand itched for a weapon. A knife, a gun, hell, a throwing star would do.
The pause in gun fire told her the enemy was recalibrating. Isis wasn’t going to give them time to put together a new offense. After checking to make sure her laser gun wasn’t overheating she quickly peaked out from behind her cover.
She felt but a moment’s remorse for shooting the soldier in the back. Dead center, Isis pulled the trigger and watched the woman fall. After a quick survey for another enemy, she crouched as she moved to the fallen soldier’s side and stripped the body of weapons.
For a moment she felt like she was having an out of body experience, watching herself tuck weapons into her pants, pockets and vest.
A masculine grunt drew her attention and she knelt down, quickly glancing over her shoulder. Always watch your back, Tristin’s voice flitted threw her mind. But it was a memory of his voice.
Holding a weapon in each hand, she peaked out from behind the landing leg and the air froze in her lungs. Rafe was on his knees, blood dripping down his arm. A Prime C soldier held a lasergun to the back of his head. To his credit, he didn’t look the least bit scared of dying. Stoic and resolute, he didn’t close his eyes. He didn’t beg for mercy.
Isis stepped from behind the pillar and aimed directly at the other woman’s chest. They were a good distance apart. Enough that Isis doubted herself. That moment of hesitation gave her enemy time to lift her weapon.
Never hesitate.
Go for the body shot, Rafe’s voice joined Tristin’s. The memories kept coming, pouring into her brain like a video.
The soldier’s distraction was all that Rafe needed. Without even looking at Isis, he spun, leg sweeping out and knocking the other woman to the ground. He moved like light, choking the soldier with one hand while reaching for the knife he’d dropped, blade down, into the sand at his side. There was no hesitation in his movement, just a clean kill and he was back on his feet and striding toward Isis.
A deep curl of desire filled her as she watched the gorgeous man stride her way, his dark eyes locked on her like lasers. As he moved his gaze swept her and she knew that he was equally aware of his surroundings. She wanted him against her, around her, inside her. She trusted this man. Her body longed for his touch.
He must have recognized the look in her eyes because as he drew close, he swept the surrounding area with a hard stare and then reached out with his good arm and pulled her against him.
Fingers off the triggers, she hugged him tight as adrenaline poured through her system. It felt so good to be in his arms, so close, breathing in his rich masculine scent. But she also smelled the blood from his wound.
She pulled back, tucking away the gun in her left hand.
“Just got reopened,” he said of the gash on his arm.
“Where’s Tristin?” she asked, reaching for Rafe’s knife. She sliced a hole in her sleeve and ripped it off.
A laser blast a few clicks down the way sent a cloud of sparks through the air.
“That’d be him,” Rafe said, sounding satisfied. More gunfire rent the air as Isis dressed the wound. No sooner had she tied the knot than her back was against a wall. Rafe’s body blocked out the light and whatever threat he’d sensed.
“Stop protecting me and let me fight,” she said, her voice a low hiss.
A beat of pause and he leaned back and fired. She heard the laser blast hit its target and a body fall to the ground.
“I will never stop protecting you, darlin’.”
The words washed over her like the sweetest of nectars and she stretched up.
“I want to kiss you,” she murmured, eyes locked with his.
He stared right back and she felt the intensity of his gaze, of his love, all the way to her toes. “I’m not stopping you.”
Free hand against his chest, she lifted her lips to his and poured everything she was feeling, thinking, yearning for into the kiss.
He growled low in his throat and kissed her back. Once. Twice. Then he pulled back a look of regret flashing across his handsome face. Something about the frown pinching his brows kept her quiet. Somewhere in those memories they’d been in this position before. Only, this time, her moment of distraction had gotten them in trouble.
Gun still in hand she gave him the smallest of nods and he jumped to his right. She dodged to her right, aiming at the soldier who’d snuck up on them. A blast sent chunks of the wall behind her in every direction but it was too late. Isis sent three bolts into the woman’s midsection.
Her arm stung where the stone chunks had sliced her skin and Rafe was there, inspecting her wounds as she looked around for Tristin. His tall lean body appeared further down the port, weapons out and at the ready.
“They’re just superficial,” Isis said and a wail of sirens met their ears.
“You guys okay?” Tristin asked, staring first at Isis before glancing at Rafe’s arm.
“We’ll heal,” she told him and leaned into Rafe’s side as he wrapped his good arm around her shoulders.
“I think we’re going to have a bit of explaining to do,” Tristin said, cocking his head toward the Hiloo police vehicles.
“Isis is already a hero today. And we’re on record about Prime C and their crimes. Doubt it’ll take that long,” Rafe said and squeezed her shoulders.
She hoped it didn’t take too long. Between the space fight, coming across a wanted felon and a full on shoot out, she was beat and more than a little ready for a nap. Mostly she wanted to see where she’d lived and hoped that being in familiar surroundings would bring back the rest of her memories.
Chapter Nine
A gentle rocking woke her and she stretched atop the soft mattress.
“We’re home,” Rafe said.
Home.
Isis felt that familiar tug of longing. She craved a home of her own. That was one thing she was sure of.
“How long did I sleep? Is there any word on Natacha?”
Tristin hoisted a large canvas bag onto his shoulder. “
“Come on, sweetheart. Sonal will be happy to see you.” Before she could reply he'd tugged her out the door and started down the gangway. White sand surrounded the ship and lush, green foliage circled the perimeter of the landing pad.
Rafe’s fingers laced with hers and he continued forward, making a beeline for the round glass structure a hectometer away. The sand felt warm and squishy beneath her feet. And after all her time on the icy Prime C, the brilliant sunlight on her skin was heavenly. She pulled Rafe to a stop so she could turn her face up and feel it. Heat. Light. Home.
“Meowrwww.”
Isis spun toward the sound, recognizing it. A large orange cattar rubbed against Tristin’s legs as he hauled a bag through the open door. She squeezed Rafe’s fingers.
“Do you remember him?”
Years ago when humans had left earth, they’d brought housecats with them and over the spanning decades, some of those house cats had mated with the larger Attar cats on this planet, giving them sweeter personalities and more vibrant coats.
The cattar turned, evidently satisfied with his welcome, and gazed at her and Rafe with golden eyes. “Meowrwww.”
“You named him Sonal. We got him—”
“On Sonal moon.” She remembered that much. The big cat trotted forward, then leaped through the air, tackling Isis. They landed against the hot sand, Sonal on her belly, his huge front paws on her shoulders. He licked her face and she giggled.
“Come on Sonal. Let her up,” Rafe commanded. The cattar ignored him. “Now.” His tone got through to the animal. Sonal bounded away and Rafe pulled her to her feet.
“Does this seem familiar?”
Isis looked around. Did it? A house of glass overlooking a turquoise ocean. That view. She remembered that view just as she’d recognized the cattar.
She stepped toward the open door, eager to explore, to see how far her new memories went, but Rafe stopped her. He let go of her hand, wrapped his arm around her back and swept her feet out from under her. Holding her high against his chest he started forward.
“Welcome home sweetheart.”
“This…” It wasn’t quite a memory.
“This?”
“Being in your arms…feels familiar.”
She gave him a heart stopping smile. “I should think so. One of us always carries you over the threshold.”
So even after six years they’d still wooed her. The romantic tradition charmed her.
She caught glimpses of the minimalist décor, a sitting room, a square dining table. Sonal settled himself on the couch. At the top of the stairs Rafe turned right, carrying her across a steel gangway. A mammoth bed sat squarely in the room, windows all around it. A familiar fragrance hung in the air and she looked around, trying to identify it.
Rafe's gaze locked on a bouquet of pure white flowers on a polished metal table between two long low couches on the far side of the room.
“Those flowers...” She struggled against his grasp, eager to get down. As if sensing that her memories were coming back Rafe sat her on her feet. She hurried to the vase, cupped one of the beautiful blossoms in her hand and inhaled. Intoxicating.
She closed her eyes against the tears. She remembered these flowers, their incredible scent. They were the reason she'd wanted to build here on the coast in the first place. Nowhere else in the universe but on this planet, near this ocean did these beauties grow.
Isis plucked a bloom from the vase and sank down onto the couch, crushing it to her chest.
The memories trickled in. One by one. She held on to each one, running them over and over in her mind.
She heard Rafe and Tristin murmuring and she dared a glance at them. Her body softened when she saw the two men standing together. Tristin's forearms rested on Rafe's shoulders and their heads bowed together. Emotion radiated from them.
Tristin raised his head until he was looking Rafe in the eye. “The package we were supposed to pick up...” Rafe nodded, urging the other man to continue. Isis shifted in her seat, anxious for the answer, but fearing it as well. “The women...” He lowered his voice until she couldn't hear.
“What?” Isis was on her feet, moving toward them. “Tell me.”
Tristin leveled his gaze on her. She saw equal amounts of pain and fury in his dark eyes. If she'd thought he was handsome before, now, passion radiating from him, his powerful stance, the contempt rolling from him in waves… He was a force, a dangerous force to be reckoned with.
“The women who don't become pregnant...” He paused.
Like her. Three times in the chamber. No baby.
“They're sold as sex slaves,” he finally finished.
Isis took a step back and looked down at the flower she still held in her hands. She knew, deep down...somehow, she knew Tristin spoke the truth.
All the unanswered questions. The rumors. Whispers. Half-truths. It all made sense now. And suddenly, her mind seemed clear for the first time in ages.
The knowledge rested within her for endless seconds. No one spoke. She closed her eyes, trying to forget the machine. Even as it had brought her pleasure, its purpose was evil. Artificially inseminating women. Women they kidnapped, who were drugged and mindless. Women like her.
Was she mindless? Why had she not fought them? She worried her lower lip. Weak. She’d been weak. Too weak to realize the truth. Too weak to do anything about that truth.
“You didn't know, baby.” Rafe's words were tender. Understanding, as if he was reading her thoughts again.
She opened her eyes then and stared into those eyes that had shocked her to the core. They held her steady now.
Another wave of memories erupted through her brain, filling her mind like water rushing into a basin. The truth. All of it. The memories. The hope. The love. These two men. She closed her eyes again, unsteady with it all. The desire. The passion. The pure, white hot lust.
She felt faint. Weak kneed. The flower fell to the floor. And just like pieces to a puzzle, everything clicked into place. All the pieces, pieces to her puzzle, fit together tightly...like they'd never broken apart. Like she'd never been kidnapped that day. Like she’d never been drugged or had her memory wiped. Like she'd never been some brainless twit whose only desire was the machine and the pleasure it could bring.
No wonder she'd always felt like something was missing. It wasn't just flesh and a cock that she'd longed for. It had been love. Emotion. Men. Her men. Her mates.
The machine...
“They used me. They used us,” she whispered, her mind reeling, remembering her friends and their wistful expressions. “They made us believe we'd be mothers. That men didn't exist and that children would make us — happy.”
The memories made her sick to her stomach. The world spun. But Tristin was faster than gravity. He caught her easily, held her upright. She stared up at him, recognizing that face. She traced a finger over the break in his nose.
“You got that for me. In that bar fight on Volken Five.”
“You remember,” Rafe said from behind her.
“Well, I wasn't going to let some prick alien hit on my new bride, now was I,” Tristin said, always cocky. Always assured. That's what had first attracted her to him. His ease. His confidence. The way he carried himself. He wasn't afraid to say what was on his mind. Wasn't afraid to fight for what was his.
“I—” She stared at his chest, searching for the words, needing to get rid of the worry. “I was in the chamber. Right before the Octican warning.”
Rafe let out a string of curses.
“Rafe...” Isis went to him, cupped his strong jaw between her hands. His eyes locked on hers. There was so much pain and fury in his gaze that she gasped. Then, holding him steady, she brushed her lips across his, wishing she could ease the torment. “Talk to me.”
Those big hands that had touched her so familiarly before, gripped her shoulders. “Nothing left to say.” Then he crushed her to him. All those muscles, the rock hard planes of him…she molded against him. Their lips sought and clung.
Another pair of hands slid up her back and brushed her hair to the side. Warm lips found her nape, nibbled down her spine, nipped her shoulder.
“I knew something was missing,” she whispered. “The machines, the planet, it never felt right. I was never completely satisfied.”
Rafe tugged the ties of her dress. It gaped open and she shivered. Because of his touch or the cool air, she didn’t know. The men made short work stripping her bare. The fabric shredded between their hands, wisped down her body and puddled at her feet. He pulled back from their kiss to look at her now naked body. “Just as beautiful as I remember.”
Isis walked her fingers down Rafe’s chest, reveling in the heat of him. “Just as big and warm as I remember.” And she did remember him. Her heart squeezed, so happy to be home. To be in their arms again.
Behind her, Tristin jerked open the buttons of his shirt. She heard the rustle of fabric, the zag of the zipper, then the clunk of his boots. Rafe grinned. “It's so good to see you smile,” she whispered and then jumped into his arms. He caught her easily, his hands closing over her ass. She locked her legs around his hips and her arms around his neck.
“I think it's time you two take me to bed,” she whispered against his neck between kisses.
“Rafe, I think our naughty bride is back and she’s right,” Tristin agreed. Rafe needed no encouragement. He was rock hard between her legs, his slacks the only barrier between his cock and her pussy.
He turned and strode to the bed. Tristin followed, gloriously naked and not the least bit shy. His cock, long, thick and deep purple, jutted between his legs, barely moving as he walked.
Rafe tossed her onto the bed. She giggled as she bounced. As Rafe shrugged out of his shirt, Tristin lay beside her, bracing one forearm beneath his head and used his other hand to pull her down for a kiss. She relaxed against the silky coverlet, letting her love for Tristin shine through her kiss. His fingers raked south and then his hand closed over her breast. Her body reacted immediately, arching into his touch. She'd missed this. She’d missed so much and not even known it. But her body had known.
She wrapped her hand around Tristin's cock and gave it a slow squeeze.
“My turn,” Rafe said. Tristin groaned, but he severed their kiss. Finally naked, Rafe crawled toward her. His knee nudged her legs apart and his strong arms bracketed around her as he leaned over her. He gave her a long, thorough kiss. Breathless, Isis braced her hands against his chest and soaked in his heat.
He and Tristin shared a look. Happiness. Reverence. Tristin leaned forward, again tipping his forehead against Rafe's.
“She's back,” Tristin murmured. Rafe nodded. His heart thumped against her hand and tears wet her eyes. Rafe closed the distance and gave Tristin a firm kiss on the lips.
Chapter Ten
Something inside her, deep inside, melted. Her heartrate picked up and her pussy flooded with moisture. Though they’d been best friends, she’d never known them to be lovers, to get caught up in each other the way they did with her.
Tristin groaned low in his throat as Rafe thrust his fingers through his lover’s hair. She'd never seen them like this before...she was sure of it. Had her absence...
Obviously it had. She smiled. They'd leaned on each other. Learned to really love each other. Rafe sucked Tristin's tongue into his mouth. A moan built in her throat.
When they broke apart, both men heaved air into their lungs. They smiled at each other. Then they laughed. And finally, turned their heated gaze on her, giving her their undivided attention.
For endless minutes they touched her, their hands caressed every inch of her, as if they were familiarizing themselves with her again. Just as they touched and caressed her, she touched them. Their chests, their arms...those glorious muscles, taut backsides. How had she lived without all their strength and sinew for eight long months?
She wouldn't question it now, wouldn't let anything distract her from loving these two men. From...she kissed Rafe hard, pressing against his shoulders until she was on top, straddling his hips. His cock lay squarely between her legs, nestled between her pussy lips. He made a low growling sound and jerked his hips a few times.
“Welcome home, sweetheart.” Tristin closed the distance and knelt behind her. His hands kneaded her hips.
“I dreamt of this,” she whispered, sharing a breath with Rafe. Then she straightened and raked her nails down his chest until he shuddered. “The three of us in bed. Together.”
“Did I do this?” Tristin asked, cupping her breasts in his hands.
She nodded.
“Did I tell you how beautiful you are?” Rafe asked.
She nodded again.
Tristin's palms circled over her nipples, driving her wild. Such a light touch, barely there, and yet, it made her gasp. The teasing sensations made her want to close her hands over his and make him really touch her.
“You used to beg,” he whispered before licking the shell of her ear. Chill bumps erupted across her skin making her shiver.
“Do you want me to beg?” Isis felt better than she ever had. Her men finally loved each other. They loved her. They'd never stopped looking for her.
Instead of answering, he pinched her nipples. The slow firm pressure built until she cried out, sagging back against him. Rafe's hand immediately slid down her belly to find her clit. His thumb slipped down between her lips, gathering moisture. And then, heaven help her, he began the slow circles that would soon drive her out of her mind.
She reached back and wrapped her arms around Tristin's neck. The movement pushed her breasts higher. Rafe uttered another curse and sat up, his lips locking on her right nipple. Tristin's hand held her breast for Rafe's feasting pleasure.
For her pleasure.
The months she’d been away heightened her response. She was hyper aware of every fingertip that slid over her skin, ever whisper of a caress. She rocked forward, the juices from her pussy smoothing the way over Rafe’s cock. He groaned, igniting the nerve endings in her hardened nipple.
“So good,” she murmured and let her head fall back. She didn’t want to move, only enjoy the exquisite feel of his lips latched onto her breast and the sweet suction that brought her such incredible sensation. “Yes.”
“Are you ready for his cock?” Tristin whispered, his hand at her hip.
She could only moan.
When Rafe let her nipple pop from his mouth, her insides clenched. How had she gotten so lucky? He laid back; those blue eyes alight with passion. With Tristin holding one hip, Rafe closed his hand over the other and together they lifted her. Isis couldn't stop the giggle that bubbled up inside of her. “Talk about team work.”
Rafe gripped his cock in his hand and teased the mouth of her pussy, coating himself in her moisture. Then he gave her clit a tap-tap-tap with the crown of his dick. Isis moaned and licked her lips. So sexy. It was all he could do not to come right now.
“Please,” she urged, her voice husky and low.
“Now you're begging,” Tristin teased. “Beg him for his cock sweetheart, for old times’ sake.”
Isis stared down at Rafe, humor and desire warring in her eyes. She shook her head. She was teasing him. Teasing both of them. She would try to hold out longer than him...and dammit to hell, she was right.
He couldn't help himself right now. There was no way. He’d been without her for far too long.
Aiming his cock straight up, he glanced over her shoulder at Tristin. Then he thrust his hips. They pushed her hips down, impaling her on his cock.
A throaty growl/groan rumbled out of him and he tossed his head back, every bit of brainpower diverting to the exquisite pleasure her tight wet pussy bestowed on his cock. Isis gasped.
“Fuck! So good. Trist…man...so good.” He dragged a breath into his lungs and then looked down his chest to where his member lay hidden inside his bride's voluptuous body. Tristin turned her head to the side and claimed her lips. Their tongues darted against each other, glistening in the fading light.
“Mmm.” They moaned together, their lips clinging. Mating.
“You okay, baby?” Rafe asked. The tender muscles in her pussy gave him a squeeze.
She tore her mouth from Tristin's, their saliva shining on her lips. “I'm great.” She smiled. “Never better.”
“Good. Cause I'm ready to make love to my bride,” Rafe said, gripping her hips between his hands, he lifted her off his cock.
“Who said you got to go first?” Tristin asked.
Rafe raised an eyebrow at Trist and Isis laughed.
“You guys still fighting over dibs? Glad to know nothing's changed.” She braced her hands against Rafe's chest and rocked forward. He gave a couple of slow thrusts to test her wetness.
“Oh, something's changed.” Tristin rained kisses across her back and shoulders. “We're never letting you out of our sight again.”
“Sounds good to me.” Isis touched her lips to Rafe's.
She felt like the filling of a sandwich. Tristin hovered behind her, kissing and caressing, while Rafe thrust from beneath. He was bigger than she remembered. Thicker, stretching her to her limit. Each plunge of his cock brought another rush of moisture to her sheath, escorting him deeper.
She chewed on her lip, enjoying the pressure so deep inside. He completed her in a way no machine ever could. She felt sexy. Naughty. Heat sizzled across the nape of her neck as they moved against each other.
“Think you can handle both of us, baby?” Rafe asked through clenched teeth. He pulled her down onto him, stilling his movements and stared up at the sky. Night was coming. Soon they'd be cloaked in darkness and the stars would shine down on them, lighting their home like thousands of tiny night-lights.
She took a deep breath and nodded.
“We'll go slow, sweetheart.” Tristin left the bed and came back with a small vial. She watched, her pussy throbbing, as he dripped the shimmering golden oil onto his shaft. With the other hand he gripped his cock and gave long, twisting tugs.
When his eyes met hers, the desire she saw there almost singed her. He moved toward them, his weight causing the bed to shift. Then he was straddling Rafe's legs, dribbling oil over her ass. She gasped at the chill.
“We've missed you so much, sweetheart.” His hand slipped between her cheeks, spreading the oil. “So very much.”
A thick finger teased the tight puckered hole, sending excited tingles to her core and then straight up her spine. Rafe remained frozen beneath her, his nostrils flaring. He wore the frown of a man concentrating on his partner's pleasure and she wanted to kiss him for it, but didn’t dare move.
“You feel so good,” she whispered to him. “So strong. So hard.” She’d always enjoyed teasing them. They teased her plenty and turnabout was only fair.
“And you feel so soft,” he muttered. She grinned.
“You say that like it's a bad thing.”
The finger delved further, working the oil into her, twisting.
“It is when I'm trying not to blow my lid. Cosmos, woman.”
Tristin chuckled at Rafe’s curses and continued his slow sensual assault. Every movement brought delicious tingles. She couldn't wait to feel him moving inside of her. To have them both. To come. To shatter in between them.
“Stop that,” Rafe commanded.
“What?” She and Tristin asked in unison.
“Stop clenching that sweet little puss.” He tossed his head back.
“Stop doing this?” She squeezed.
“Yes. That. You minx. You'll pay for that.”
Tristin inserted another finger. Isis moaned and gave Rafe her naughtiest grin.
“I sure hope so.”
Rafe lay as still as possible for endless minutes as Tristin primed her body. It’d been eight long moons since she’d been with him. Eight moons to forget all the wonderful sensations he brought.
“Ready for my cock, sweetheart?” That was the Tristin she remembered, cocky and yet polite. She nodded, taking a deep breath.
The large, blunt tip of his cock pressed against her ass. She pushed out as he pushed in. Inch by inch he slid deeper, taking her higher. She was on fire.
“So good.” She moaned.
“Almost there.”
He grunted.
“Fucking hurry up, Tristin.”
Tristin laughed down at Rafe.
“He is fucking, Rafe darling.” He's fucking me. Oh, heavens yes. Those poor maid-mothers. They knew not what they were missing.
Full. Complete. Heavenly.
Isis felt like her whole life had led up to this moment, spiraling upward until she was here. Now. Laying between her two men, their arms wrapped around each other, sounds of bliss floating on the air, their magnificent cocks tucked inside her. At last Tristin began to move, slow shallow thrusts. Rafe moved opposite. And Isis went wild.
“Yes. Trist. Oh. Oh!” Her body quivered, her blood pounding through her veins. “Mmm.” And one thought rang in her mind over and over. So good. So very good.
The friction. The delicious heat. And the slow, sensuous movements as they made love to each other.
“So close,” she cried.
Rafe's voice joined her own.
“Almost.” Tristin moaned. “There.” He let out a sigh, the sound both frustrated and happy.
“Gonna come,” she said quickly.
“Me too,” Rafe uttered, every muscle tightened like a bow beneath her.
Tristin cupped her breasts and Rafe’s hands closed over her hips. They rocked against each other and she knew that the men were rubbing their cocks against each other.
“Ahh...yes! Sweetheart!” Tristin's cry launched her over the edge. He gave one final glacially slow thrust into her ass and then tightened his hold as he spilled himself inside her. Her pussy rippled as her orgasm washed over and through her. Pure pleasure filled her veins, spreading over her skin like wild fire. She’d never felt so hot before, inside and out.
Beneath them Rafe gave a grunt and one last thrust, before locking his hands on her hips, shoving her as far down his cock as he could.
“Mmm...Rafe. Oh Rafe.” The pressure inside her pushed the words through her lips. Another orgasm burst and she closed her eyes as she shuddered between them, against them. Clinging to them as the waves subsided, she pressed her cheek against Tristin's. “Tristin. My men. You make me so happy.”
They collapsed against each other, a pile of spent, well-loved bodies.
“We should probably get off of you,” Isis murmured to Rafe.
“Mmm...nah. I like you in my arms.”
She realized that he had his arms around Tristin too.
“So you two finally came around, huh?”
Tristin lifted his head from her back. Rafe gazed over her shoulder.
“He's not so bad. A poor substitute for you though,” Rafe told her.
“And he's not as good of a kisser as you,” Tristin shot back, but there was no edge to his voice. Slowly he pulled out and collapsed beside Rafe.
Sated, Isis had just enough energy to lift herself off of Rafe and snuggle between her men. Overhead the stars were out, the sky a blanket of inky darkness.
Tristin rolled off the bed and disappeared into the bathroom for a few moments. He returned with warm, wet clothes and set about cleaning her and Rafe. If she hadn’t been sure of their new connection before, she was now.
Her heart felt like it might actually burst with happiness.
“Have I thanked you two for rescuing me?” she asked, settling in. Rafe pulled a soft white blanket it and draped it over her.
“You're welcome sweetheart. Our pleasure,” Tristin murmured, curling around her.
“We're just glad to have you back,” Rafe said.
“I'm sorry I called you a barbarian,” she murmured, and glanced at Rafe.
“Nothing to worry about, love. You came around.”
“And if I hadn't?”
“We'd have campaigned for your heart again,” Tristin said, lifting her hand for a kiss.
Isis smiled. She was finally where she belonged. Home. With men. Two men. Her men.
The End
ILLUMINARIAN PRINCESS MISSING
Illuminaria - GP Princess Azula was noticeably absent from last night's gala celebrating the treaty with Planet Irwell. Our source tells us that the Princess had selected a Shadyas gown to wear to the event but she wasn't feeling well and decided not to attend.
 Prince Liph, however, was in attendance. He joined the King and Queen and did not bring a date to the event. Could the rumors be true? Will Prince Liph be Illuminaria's newest King?
Join My Mailing List
Stay up to date with all my latest releases and news by signing up for my mailing list. You’ll receive free newsletters, book release announcements and occasional sale reminders.

PLUS, you’ll gain access to my Free Reads collection. That’s right. I have a members’ only section and five free reads waiting for you.

Sign up today! http://www.selena-blake.com/members
Thank You!
Thank you so much for purchasing Reclaiming Isis. This story came to me as a blip and I expanded it out from there. Over time, I got to know the characters better and better and ultimately realized just how in love they were, just how far Rafe and Tristin would go to find the woman they love beyond measure.
Their story touched me and even though it’s set in outer space, it’s a very human, very earthly concept that I knew needed to be shared.

If you enjoyed Reclaiming Isis, please help me spread the word about Isis, Rafe and Tristin’s story.

Recommend it to friends, family, reader groups, book clubs and social media.
Review it on Goodreads, Amazon or a blog.

I truly appreciate your support!
	About Selena Blake
	An action movie buff with a penchant for all things supernatural and sexy, New York Times bestselling author Selena Blake combines her love for adventure, travel and romance into steamy paranormal, contemporary, and sci fi romance. Selena’s books have been called “a steamy escape” and  have appeared on bestseller lists,  been nominated for awards, and won contests.  When she’s not writing you can find her by the pool soaking up some sun, day dreaming about new characters, and watching the cabana boy (aka her muse), Derek. Fan mail keeps her going when the diet soda wears off so write to her at selenablake@gmail.com.
	Visit her online at http://www.selena-blake.com .
	
Other Selena Blake Books
Series: Girls’ Night Trilogy
Ask For It (erotic contemporary romance novel)
Go For It (contemporary romance novel)
 
Series: Mystic Isle
Fangs, Fur & Mistletoe (erotic paranormal romance novella)
A Werewolf to Call Her Own (erotic paranormal romance novella)
Games Demons Play (erotic paranormal romance novella)
Pursued by a Werewolf (erotic paranormal romance novel)
 
Series: Stormy Weather
The Cajun’s Captive (erotic paranormal romance novella)
Bitten in the Bayou (paranormal romance novella, ménage)
Seduced by a Cajun Werewolf (previously titled Bound & Determined, erotic paranormal romance, long novella)
Mated to a Cajun Werewolf (erotic paranormal romance, long novella)
Stranded with a Cajun Werewolf (erotic paranormal romance novel)
A Cajun Werewolf Christmas (paranormal romance short story)
 
Anthologies
Stormy Weather anthology (5-in-1)
Stormy Weather Collector’s Edition (5-in-1, plus interviews, deleted scenes and more)
Double The Pleasure (2-in-1, ménage edition)
 
Ready & Willing (erotic paranormal romance novel)
Surprising Darcy (short contemporary erotica ménage)
Just a Little Taste (short contemporary erotica)
 
Series: Deep Space Encounters
Reclaiming Isis
Rescuing Natacha
The Virgin Princess’s Rebellion

What’s Next?
Up next is Hayln and Natacha’s story, Rescuing Natacha. Fearful for her friend’s safety, Isis asks Hayln to go to Prime C and rescue Natacha. He gets far more than he bargained for.
Available February 10th. PreOrder now.

Hayln West's mission is simple. Travel to PrimeC, rescue Natacha, bring her back to Isis on Planet Dornick. But he should have known that no mission goes exactly as planned, and no matter how prepared he thinks he is, he’s not prepared for Natacha. Or the long dormant feelings she inspires.
Isis says Natacha can trust the handsome stranger, but she's not sure she can trust herself. As her body withdraws from the gas used to brainwash the inhabitants of Prime C, Natacha's desire for Hayln grows.
Hayln can’t help but wonder if her lust is real...or a side effect? And just how long can a man be expected to stay out of her bed when she keeps begging him to join her?
A handsome spacemerc with nothing to lose plus a woman in the throes of overwhelming passion in a small space ship with one bed. You do the math.

Chapter One
Prime C
A raygun blast whizzed by Hayln West’s right shoulder, and he spun, returning fire. The woman, a Prime C soldier dressed in white, fell back against the wall, a gaping wound in her chest. The stench of fried flesh filled the ultra-modern lounge, but after years of battle, the odor didn’t faze him. Those years had honed his instincts and right now he’d bet his life that she wasn’t alone.
He dropped to one knee behind a low slung sofa and took out two more soldiers who hugged the walls of an adjoining corridor. As always, his aim was deadly; his motto, shoot to kill.
Hayln closed himself off to the chaos reining around him and focused on the shadows, using his gift to sense danger. His job was to get in, rescue Isis’s friend Natacha, and get out. In one piece. But the Universal Authority army was early. Four days early by the sounds of the raygun blasts from the hallway behind him. The residents of Prime C, women being brainwashed and held against their will, ran past him. They wore matching masks of confusion and terror, obviously stunned by the sudden appearance of armed soldiers and the sounds of the ensuing gunfight.
When he didn’t see any more enemy troops, he rose to his full height and started for the wide hallway before him. With all the frightened women heading for the hills, the hall before him was eerily quiet. So quiet that he wondered if he was walking into an ambush. But he sensed nothing out of place, no threat.
Holding a gun in each hand, he aimed one left and the other right, walking sideways, his back to the wall. He counted each door as he passed and when he came to the fifth one, he stopped, turned, and aimed in both directions again. Next to the door, a digital sign read Natacha & Isis. He used the butt of his weapon to smash in the computerized panel below the sign and the door opened instantly.
He shifted the weapon in his left hand to aim directly in front of him as he stepped into the small, dimly lit space. Tension rippled through him, and his old shoulder wound throbbed. The first room contained two gray chairs and a small center table. The air around him was chilly and sterile, almost like a doctor’s office.
He stepped deeper into the space, and a feminine moan filled his ears.
He dodged right, his gaze sweeping the bedroom beyond. There on one of the singlewide beds was a woman in the throes of a passionate dream. Eyes firmly shut she lay twisted within the covers, her gown hiked up around her chest. She continued to moan as her hands roamed over her stomach, hips, lower—
He swallowed hard. Isis was right. Natacha was chocolate in a vanilla world. Her skin was so beautifully dark against the stark white sheets. Her hair fanned around her, covering her pillow as she turned her head left, right, then left again.
Now was not the time to be transfixed but…he stepped closer, lowering the gun in his right hand. She rubbed between her legs with four fingers, and her thighs spread wide as her hips tipped upward. Hayln cursed the blood rushing to his cock. He’d wasted too much time already, standing here watching some woman get off in her sleep.
Fuck. Her middle finger dipped between the slick lower lips and her hips tilted further, giving him an incredible view of the innermost folds of her pretty pink cunt.
The tip of her finger thrust inside her pussy, and a husky gasp escaped her lips. His gaze drifted up her body, over the heavy breasts beneath the sheer gown, the dark pink nipples poking the fabric, to her face. She was beautiful. Sensual, with a wide succulent mouth he had an uncontrollable urge to kiss. But he couldn’t. Not now. Now, he needed to get her out of this hellhole.
Tucking his guns back in the holsters, he adjusted his cock, giving it a firm squeeze before he started toward Natacha. He’d stop off somewhere once he got Natacha back to Isis and take care of the… tension.
As much as he hated to stop her show, halt her dream and ruin her orgasm, time was of the essence. Universal Authority troops would be crawling over this whole compound in a few short minutes and he didn’t want to have to explain his presence, or be mistaken for a bad guy.
He bent, tucking his arms beneath her writhing body, and lifted her high against his chest. Though the compound was heated, her skin was icy against his. Did she keep the room cold or was it cold because of her? Some races were practically reptilian with the blood temperature to match. Yet, she looked to be of a humanoid species not all that different than him.
Her sweet scent filled his nose, and surprisingly, she didn’t wake. Did they drug the women so they’d sleep? Or was her dream really that powerful?
Looking down at the soft O of her lips he wondered what or rather, who she dreaming about. But dammit, that didn’t matter right now.
He turned for the door and saw a Universal Authority soldier dart past.
“Damn,” he muttered and turned back toward the single square window between the two beds. Face the troops or take his chances on the ice?
Without hesitating, Hayln swung Natacha up onto his shoulder, set his gun to blast and fired two shots: one at the top of the window and one at the bottom. Once the smoke died down, a gaping hole beckoned escape and a wall of icy air blasted him.
“Freeze.”
Copyright
Payment of the download fee for this ebook grants the purchaser the non-exclusive, non-transferable right to download and read this file, and to maintain a private backup copy of the file for the purchaser’s personal use ONLY.
All rights reserved.

Copyright ©2015 Ecila Media Corp

This book is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, places or events is purely coincidental. Characters, events, and organizations within this work are products of the author's imagination and are used fictitiously.

