Delusions
By
Christina Smith


Copyright 2012 Christina Smith, 

Smashwords edition

Cover Model- Aryra Robinson

Cover art © by Stephanie Mooney. All rights reserved

Edited by Christine LePorte



For my mother-in-law Donna, for helping me so much and loving these books as much as I do.
This novel is the sequel to Fated Dreams. It wasn’t meant to have one. In my mind Sarah and Lucas’ story is done. But after finishing the first one, Logan kept intruding in my thoughts, he wanted his story told. I wrote the prologue hoping that would satisfy him, since I was working on another book at the time. Then I got an email from a textnovel reader, asking me to write a second book. She loved the first one, and didn’t want it to end. How could I say no? So whoever you are, this is also for you.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously

Discover other exciting titles by Christina Smith

Fated Dreams (Book One in the Affinity Series)


Prologue
Brownridge, Vermont

Two years ago

The music was loud, the drinks were pouring, and the spirits were high. I was just glad it wasn’t my house. My parents would kill me. 
The room was stale with the smell of beer and sweat. The bass from the stereo was so high, the portrait of Amanda’s family hanging in the center of the room shook with each beat that radiated from the speakers. A plant had been knocked off a table and with every dance step dirt was stomped into the carpet.
I heard a crash behind me and cringed. I felt bad for Amanda. She had only asked a few of us over, and somehow half the school showed up. Not bad for my first high school party. I was in the tenth grade, but had never been to one yet. The place was packed; I could barely move.
“Holy crap, this is so awesome!” Kelly yelled, squished between Adam and me. They were my two best friends and had been for years.
There were sweaty bodies all around me bouncing to the music. Cassie Murphy bumped me from behind, sloshing beer all over my new, sparkly, silver blouse. So much for only having a couple of drinks so my parents wouldn’t notice. Now that it was poured all over me, there was no way to hide the fact that I had been drinking. I’d have to sneak the stinky shirt into the washing machine myself. I didn’t mind helping out around the house when asked, but my mom would wonder why I was suddenly interested in household chores.
“Lisa!” Kelly yelled. 
I was wiping my top with my hand, trying to get the beer off. I looked up. “What?”
“Is that Logan Tate over there?” she asked, pointing to the back of a guy who was chugging beer out of a funnel. It was hard to tell since all I saw was his back, but this guy was tall with tousled brown hair, and he was wearing a navy blue shirt and jeans—the clothes Logan wore at school today.
“It looks like him.” I took a slow breath in and out to calm the butterflies that fluttered rapidly in my stomach every time I saw him. “Let’s get a good spot so we can watch him all night. He is so hot.”
“Why don’t you just talk to him?” Kelly yelled over the music before she took a sip of her beer.
“Are you kidding?” I held out three fingers. “First, he’s older than I am. Second, he’s popular, and third…he wouldn’t give me the time of day. Just stare and dream, that’s the only way with a guy like him.”
We left Adam to flirt with Tara Long, as Kelly and I headed closer, single file, holding hands, trying to squeeze through the dancing bodies.
I saw an empty corner that would give us a perfect view of him. It took us awhile, trying to slip through the crowd. A couple of times I was shoved, almost losing my balance, but thankfully, I was working on my first beer and still felt steady. We stayed our course, finally making it to the corner.
“Oh God, I can finally breathe,” Kelly said, leaning against the wall and taking another sip of beer. I wasn’t sure who brought the keg, but I was grateful. It was my first time drinking, and even though it tasted as I imagined cat urine would, I looked cool carrying the cup.
“Oh crap, now I have to pee, are you coming with me?” she hissed into my ear.
“No, I’ll stay here and keep our spot.”
“I’ll be back soon, if I can find the bathroom.” I watched her wander off unsure of where she was going. She headed down a hall that looked like it led to the garage. I yelled her name to tell her she was going the wrong way, but she couldn’t hear me over the music. Oh well, she’d figure it out, or pee on someone’s car.
Ethan Harris stood beside me against the wall, watching me intently. He was Adam’s friend and had come to the party with us, but I had lost track of him an hour ago. “What?” I asked him when he refused to look away.
He shook his head. “Nothing, just wondering where Adam is.”
I pointed to the corner where the keg was. Adam was pouring himself a cup.
Ethan nodded to me and wandered off to join his friend.
Without the distractions of my friends, I could focus once again on Logan. He finished chugging the beer and then backed up to let someone else have a turn. He tripped over Rick Harding’s foot, falling right into me. I grabbed his elbows, trying to catch him before he landed on the floor.
“Thank you,” he slurred, turning around to face me. His smile was crooked, and his hazel eyes were a bit glazed from all the beer. But it was a smile, and it was directed at me. My night was complete. I could go home and relish in that one smile for weeks.
“Hey. I know you,” he said, squinting his eyes and pointing his finger at me.
“Yeah, I just started at your parents’ restaurant as a hostess.”
He frowned and shook his head. “No, that’s not it.”
“I go to your school?” I offered.
“No, not that either.”
“Then I have no idea. My name is Lisa Miller.”
“Lisa…the name doesn’t ring a bell, but those eyes…” He stared into them, lost in thought. He appeared to be finished speaking, but several seconds later, he finally recovered. “They haunt me. They’re so blue.” He trailed off, staring at my face. He narrowed his eyes as though contemplating world peace. After what seemed like hours instead of the minute it had been, his eyes lit up as he smiled and pointed. “Hey, I got it. You’re the girl from my dreams.” He nodded, satisfied that he had finally figured it out, then turned and walked away, leaving me shocked and speechless, my mouth wide open.
I watched him make his way through the crowd, stumbling and bumping into Taylor Bradford and then Tara Collins.
Did he just say he dreamed of me? My mind was suddenly filled with fog. Did that just happen, or was I hallucinating?
The next half hour went by in a blur of movement. It was like I was trapped in a bubble; I could see everyone around me drinking, dancing, and having fun, but I couldn’t hear them. My focus was on Logan, who stood across the room drinking beer after beer, laughing and singing along to the music.
“Earth to Lisa,” Kelly said, waving her hand in front of my face. Did she just get back? I was so involved in watching my dream guy, I hadn’t noticed her return.
I blinked. “What?” I turned my head to face her, but kept my eyes glued to Logan.
“We’re supposed to be having fun. Let’s dance.” She bumped me with her hip, dancing awkwardly to the loud, bass-pumping music.
“You go ahead. Adam said he wanted to.”
Her eyes narrowed. “Fine, stay in the corner all night, see if I care.” She walked away, but I couldn’t say which direction; my eyes were still locked on Logan while I replayed his words over and over in my head. “Oh right, you’re the girl in my dreams.”
Martin Smith stumbled into me, breaking my gaze. I pushed him off and he fell into the wall, causing a loud thump. “Sorry,” he mumbled, stumbling away.
I looked back at Logan and was shocked to see him staring at me. He smiled and crooked his finger, beckoning me over to him.
I walked in a daze to the kitchen doorway where he was standing. When I stood next to him, he wrapped his arm around my shoulder. The smell of cologne wafted all over him, and the scent was almost hypnotizing. He led me through the door, down the hall, and up the stairs. I knew I should have said no, but I had lost the ability to speak. The boy I had dreamed about since I started at Hamilton High a year ago, the boy that every girl in school adored, had his arm wrapped around my shoulders. I wasn’t a senior, a cheerleader, or even popular, but here I was, just the two of us, alone in an upstairs hallway.
He shoved the door open to what looked like Amanda’s bedroom. The walls were painted lilac with posters of the hottest Hollywood stars spread throughout the room. I heard the door shut behind me, and then he took my hand, pulling me to the bed. He sat down, patting the spot beside him. “Why am I dreaming of you?” he whispered softly, more to himself than me. 
“I…I don’t know.” Duh, was that the best I could do?
“You have the most beautiful eyes I’ve ever seen. In my dreams they’re so blue and vibrant, like an ocean on a bright, shiny day. I wake up and they’re all I can see.” His face was so close. I could smell the strong scent of beer on his breath. If it was anyone else I would have squeezed my nostrils shut.
He reached up and lightly touched my cheek, causing an electric tingle along my skin. He gazed intently into my eyes. “And those full, pink lips…” He traced his fingers along my face and paused, then gently caressed my mouth. My heart swelled four sizes, my stomach tightening into a ball of excitement. He moved in closer and touched his lips to mine, giving me the most amazing first kiss in the history of first kisses. He cupped my face with his hands and pushed me down onto the bed. Unsure of where this was going, I hesitated.
He hovered above me. “It’s okay; I just want to be near you. I can’t believe you’re real.”
Just as he leaned in for another kiss, my cursed phone rang. I dug into my pocket and pulled it out. “I’m sorry, it’s my mom. I have to take this. I’ll be right back.”
He smiled and sat up, allowing me to hop off the bed. “Hurry back.”
I snuck inside the bathroom, shutting the door behind me so she couldn’t hear the noise.
“Hello?”
“Lisa, why did you take so long answering your phone?” my mother asked. My little sister let out a loud wail in the background.
“It was at the bottom of my bag, I didn’t hear it right away.” I sat down on the closed toilet lid, noticing it was cushioned with a pink doily. It was very comfortable.
“Well, how is it going, are you guys getting a lot of studying done?”
Oh tons. “Yep. We’re just starting the Second World War now.” Behind the bathroom door, someone screamed. Another voice laughed hysterically.
“Lisa, what was that?”
“Oh, just a movie Amanda’s little brother is watching.” I held my breath, waiting to hear if she believed my lie.
“All right, but remember to be home by eleven.”
I let out my breath in relief. “Okay, Mom, I won’t be late.”
I hung up and glanced in the mirror, making sure I looked okay for the best night of my life.
I smoothed my hair and rubbed under my eyes, seeing a tiny trace of brown eyeliner-smudge. Finally satisfied, I stepped out of the bathroom, passed a couple making out on the floor, and stepped over a pair of abandoned jeans. When I reached Amanda’s room, I took a deep breath to settle my stomach, and then pushed the door open.
What I saw inside would haunt me forever. Sasha Martin, the biggest ho in school, was lying on top of Logan, kissing him. But that wasn’t the worst part; he was kissing her back, his fingers tangled in her hair. And as I watched, he tugged her closer with a moan and flipped her over on the bed so he could lie on top of her. 
I hurried out of the room before he saw me and laughed at me. Was this all a joke? All that talk about my beautiful eyes, his dreams about me, and then he starts kissing someone else? Why would he even say those things? Did he somehow know I had been dreaming of him, and this was his way to make fun of me? What did he think I would do, run in the room screaming and crying and then everyone would come in and laugh? No way in hell. Even though I was devastated, I wasn’t going to let anyone see me lose it.
I rushed down the hallway, just about to make it to the stairs when I ran into someone. In my haste, I hadn’t seen the body that was leaning against the wall at the top of the stairs. He was wearing a gray Hamilton High basketball sweatshirt with the hood up. I couldn’t tell who it was until he turned his head. “Oh, I’m so sorry, Ethan. I didn’t see you standing there.” He opened his mouth to reply, but I was already gone, taking the stairs two at a time. Thankfully I wouldn’t have to search for Kelly to tell her I was leaving; I spotted her near the front door having a close conversation with Adam. I took a few deep breaths to calm myself. “Kelly, I’m not feeling well. I’m going to go home.”
“Okay, I’ll see you tomorrow, right?”
“I’m not sure, but I’ll call you.” I walked away and heard her laugh at something Adam whispered in her ear. 
I walked the six blocks to my house crying like a two-year-old. I was cold, my legs hurt, and I was desperately in pain; my chest ached as if someone had stabbed me with a knife. Was that what happened when your heart was broken; it literally throbbed with pain?
Most of the lights were off at my house, which meant my sister must be sleeping and my parents were in the living room watching TV. How was I supposed to walk past them without being noticed? I knew that as soon as my mother saw me, she’d know that something was wrong. I wasn’t that good a liar, and I’m sure my face would be a dead giveaway.
I stood on the porch and peeked through a crack in the curtain. The only sound coming from the house was the drone of the TV. The whir of the cars on the highway was louder. The living room was empty; they must be in the kitchen getting a snack or a drink. My mother did like a glass of wine at night. I took my chance, since I knew there probably wouldn’t be another, and turned the doorknob slowly.
Once inside, I shut it without a sound, thankfully my father oiled the hinges that had once squeaked.
I heard them arguing in the kitchen, something they had been doing a lot lately, but instead of dwelling on that, I hightailed it up the stairs before they saw me.
In my room, I stared at myself in the mirror. My face was red and puffy; my eyes were bloodshot with mascara running down my face. I looked like a psychotic clown.
I took a wipe out of its box and rubbed my cheeks. As I washed the makeup off my face, I made a promise to myself. Logan would pay for this, if it was the last thing I ever did. I didn’t know how yet, but I wouldn’t stop until he regretted the day he messed with me.



Chapter One
Internal Struggle

Present day

“That’s the best you can do?” I yelled through the phone at Julie, one of my spies. “What am I supposed to do with that? Like his mother will care that he threw a gum wrapper out of his car window. I need more.” I stood in my closet and pulled my white blouse and black skirt from their hangers. I wandered back to my room, holding the clothes in one hand and the phone in the other.
“Well, that’s all I have. He’s been practically a saint since last year. What am I supposed to do?” Julie responded on the other end of the phone.
“Well, I’m not paying ten dollars for that.” I pressed the end button on my cell and whipped it onto my bed; it bounced on the black bag I carried to work. Now that Logan had straightened up, I had a lot more money just burning a hole in my pocket. God, I hated him, and if I didn’t have enough reason before, his not screwing up was ruining my plans for revenge. 
Ever since that horrible night when he humiliated me, it took everything in me not to scratch his eyes out every time I saw his ridiculously handsome face.
A few days after that stupid party, I saw him in the hallway at school, and he walked by me without a hint of recognition, just like any other day. He ignored me, which made it so much worse. If he only apologized I might have forgiven him, because it was so hard to hate the guy who’d played a starring role in my dreams so often. 
But in the dreams he was sweet, gentle even, and I knew he loved me. But of course that was only a delusion. The real Logan became even more of a douche bag after that night. He made fun of kids constantly, knocked food off of trays in the cafeteria, dated a different girl every week, and then broke their hearts. These were only a few of his, shall I say, issues. He made it easy for me to spy on him, and to convey to his mother the information. I used to have so much juice on him, I was always broke. Ten dollars for anything he did that was true. I wouldn’t make anything up, and I told my spies I wouldn’t pay for that either. I didn’t need to lie back then—he pulled enough crap on his own—but now I was almost desperate enough to lie…almost.
Since school had ended, I would definitely have a hard time finding things on him, considering the fact that I would only see him at work. And I didn’t even have much time for that. He was leaving for culinary school in a year. I’d have to get my spies out to parties more often; in my experience, he wasn’t on his best behavior at social events.
I often laughed at the irony of it. I used money that I made working at his restaurant to get revenge. It was a joke among my friends, and spies.
“Hurry up, Lisa!” my mother yelled from downstairs. It was my first full day shift since school let out, and I didn’t want to be late. I stuffed my uniform into my bag and rushed to my computer to print off my emails, thinking I could read them on my break. Maybe there was some juicy stuff on Logan there. There had to be something; no one could change that completely overnight.

A mixture of feelings always flowed through me when I stepped into Sabour’s, the restaurant where I worked. I absolutely loved Karen and Nick Tate, the owners, and I really liked their other son, Lucas. He was a nice guy, and fun to work with, but his twin brother Logan was another story. For the last two years, I felt apprehensive walking into the building, not knowing how my day would go. When Logan had the day off, a sharp twinge of disappointment would hit the pit of my stomach then disappear with the memory from two years ago. But if he was working, it was the opposite; my inner self, the one who loved the Logan from my dreams, would rejoice. Until I thought back again to the night of my humiliation, and hate would grow quickly inside me, ruining the rest of my day.
Man, I had issues, and sometimes I wanted to quit so badly. The tug of war of conflicting emotions was draining, but I couldn’t do that to Karen; she was like a second mother to me. And I would miss Lucas’ girlfriend, Sarah Samson. Since she started working here last year, we’d become instant friends.
I slipped through the door of the breakroom holding my breath, wondering if he was here, but thankfully the room was empty except for Sarah, who would be working with me today.
“Hey, Lisa, are ready for your first shift as a waitress?” she asked as she shut her small orange work locker with a clang. Her long chestnut-colored hair was up in a ponytail like mine, and she was wearing matching white and black, our standard uniform. I was glad she was the one training me. Even though I’d been here longer, I couldn’t serve until I turned seventeen. My birthday was last week. I knew what to do for the most part, since I’d been working here for two years, but Karen wanted Sarah to help me just in case I needed it.
I nodded to her. “I’m ready for the tips, yeah,” I said, tying my apron around my waist.
After I stuffed my bag into my locker, I followed Sarah into the kitchen. The multiple scents and smells from all the different dishes accosted my senses. The kitchen was open, with a large island in the center for food preparation. Industrial-size appliances stood against the walls, taking up most of the space. The room was a buzz of activity, with the prep staff slicing and chopping and preparing meals.
“Hi, girls. You ready for your first shift, Lisa?” Karen asked. She had been making salads at her corner of the room, but looked up when the door swung shut behind us. Her hair was the color of coffee, like Lucas’ and Logan’s, but hers was thick and wavy, flowing just past her shoulders. But the hair color was where the similarity ended. She was tiny, reaching the boys’ shoulders, and her eyes were deep blue, while theirs were hazel.
My intention was to verbally answer, but instead, I only nodded, suddenly stiffening as I felt the familiar pull coming from the center of the room. I didn’t look over. I just knew it was Logan. Damn it, he was working. I saw from the corner of my eye that his head spun our way when his mother spoke to us.
A stupid, sly grin appeared on his face. “Mom, are you sure Sarah’s the best person for training? Just last week she dropped soup in Mr. Ferguson’s lap. Nearly burned off his—”
“I told you someone bumped me. And I paid for his lunch with my tips,” Sarah whined, interrupting him before he said something vulgar. When Karen looked away, Sarah stuck her tongue out at him. He just laughed, tossing more carrots into the soup he was preparing. Liquid splashed out of the simmering pot, leaving an orange trail down the side of the metal.
“Okay, children, enough,” Nick, the head chef, and my boss said, laughing, as he pounded a piece of red meat with a mallet. The corner of his almost black eyes crinkled when he smiled. Nick was a teddy bear of a man whose appearance was a bit scary. With his penetrating dark eyes, bushy eyebrows, and yeti-like build, you wouldn’t want to be on his bad side, if he had one. Despite his looks, he was funny, loved to crack jokes, and was really lenient on his staff. “I swear, our kids are going to drive me nuts, Karen.” He winked at Sarah, who beamed back. She truly was a third child to them since she started dating their other son.
“All right, girls, follow me. I’ll give you your section.” Karen led us out of the kitchen, but just before the door swung shut I heard Logan yell, “Good luck, Lisa,” in a mocking tone that he used whenever he spoke to me. Lately, that had been more often, to my horror and delight. Man, I had issues.
Weekdays were not our busy time, but since it was Friday, we filled up pretty fast, with customers starting the weekend early. But so far, it looked to be on the slow side. There were a few tables filled with men in suits. A woman and two screaming kids were on the far side, thankfully not my section. Mr. and Mrs. Myers were sitting in their usual table at the center of the room. They were a cute older couple who came every Tuesday and Friday. Mr. Meyers always wore a suit, and his wife was always decked out in bright-colored floral dresses. I had asked them once where they were off to dressed so snazzy, and they both replied, “Well, here, of course.” They always tipped well, and since today was my first shift as a waitress, I was glad they were in my section.
I slid up to them and took out my note pad. Sarah took the table behind me. “Hi, guys, how are you this afternoon?” I said, placing my hand on Mrs. Myers’ shoulder. Her dress today was made of silk, with tiny lilacs dotting the bodice. She looked up and smiled, her pale blue eyes glowing with kindness. 
“Lisa, are you our waitress?” I nodded. “When did that happen?”
“Just today. You’re my first customers.”
“Well, lucky us,” Mr. Myers said with a wink, and the corners of his eye wrinkled. He smelled of pipe tobacco.
“So are you ready to order?” I glanced at him, giving him my full attention. 
“Yes, she said she wanted to try the vegetable soup and a tossed salad.” He pointed to his wife. “And I’ll have the meatloaf.”
I wrote down what they wanted in the shorthand Sarah had shown me. “What would you like to drink?”
Mr. Myers ordered again for both. “We’ll both have our usual.” Since I used to be a hostess I wouldn’t normally know what their usual was, but these two came in so often, everyone knew what they drank. “A Shirley Temple and a coffee coming up.” I picked up their menus and followed Sarah into the kitchen. After she placed her order on the counter, I placed mine and went to get their drinks.
“Here you go, can I get you anything else while you’re waiting?” I said after I set their drinks in front of them.
Mrs. Myers smiled. “No, thank you. And Lisa, you’re doing a great job.” 
I returned the smile, hoping that all my customers for the day would be as sweet as the Myers. But I wasn’t that lucky.
The restaurant filled up quickly, and after my first eight orders, things started to get confusing. When a few meals were mixed up, I doubled up with Sarah again. We were a little short-handed, but at least everyone had their correct food.
I was definitely ready when Sarah told me it was break time. I stole a Greek salad from Karen, sneaking out before she slapped my hand, and met Sarah in the breakroom. She was sitting at a table texting Lucas, who was off for the day. A bowl of soup sat in front of her, steam curling up from the bowl. It smelled delicious, but I wasn’t about to taste it, since I knew Logan had prepared it.
“Hey, do you want to come to the beach with us tonight? The seniors are throwing a kind of celebration of our own to say goodbye to Hamilton High,” she said, setting her phone on the table.
“But I’m not graduating.” I stabbed my fork into my bowl, making sure to get lettuce, tomato, cucumber, and feta.
“Who cares, you’ll be with us. Come on, it will be fun. We’re meeting Emma and Derrick. There’s going to be music, a bonfire, and cute guys.” Cute guys were the last thing on my mind right now.
I stuffed the forkful into my mouth, considering her offer while I chewed. I was worried I wouldn’t know anyone, but she had said that her friends would be there. While I didn’t know them that well, Emma was really funny the few times I had talked to her. It did sound like fun. Adam and Kelly were both busy, leaving me on my own tonight. And I was just planning to brainstorm on ways to get back at Logan. That could be put off for one night. “Sure,” I said just as the door opened behind me. I cringed, knowing who it was.
Sarah glanced up from her soup. “Hey, Logan, we have a fourth for the party tonight.” She gestured to me with her spoon.
My stomach plummeted; she didn’t mention anything about going with him.
He sat down beside Sarah, his eyes wide with surprise. “Really, you must not have told her I was coming,” he said, staring at me. I glanced down at my food, flustered by his proximity. I still felt this way every time I was near him. It was as if my body wasn’t aware of what he did to me, and reacted to his presence the same way it always had, as though that horrible evening had never happened.
But really, who could blame me? The Tate twins had been the subject of most girls’ crushes for as long as I could remember. Logan more than Lucas, because of an unfortunate sweatshirt and denim phase a year and a half ago. They were twins, but they each had their own style. While Logan’s hair was short and styled in a messy look, Lucas’ was just messy. Not in a bad way, just in a non-caring way. The clothing was no different, and even though Lucas’ style had improved, it reflected his hair, just throwing on cotton T’s and jeans. Logan took more care in his appearance, wearing the latest brand-name clothing, and always looking like a male model stepping from a page of a fashion magazine. 
“No, I hadn’t gotten that far, but why would that matter?” Sarah said, bringing me out of my Tate twin ogle. She dipped her spoon into her soup, stirring absently.
Logan shrugged. “Because she hates me.”
Sarah glanced in my direction, her one eyebrow raised in question. 
My cheeks flushed. “I…never said that,” I mumbled, glancing at Sarah and then reluctantly at Logan.
He grinned at me. “She does. I’ve tried to talk to her many times, but she just says something quick and walks away. I’ve even offered to take her to dinner. Always turns me down flat.” He leaned back in his chair.
“Do you still want to go?” Sarah asked me.
Both sets of eyes were on me; what was I supposed to say? If I said no, then I’d be admitting that I hated him, and I didn’t want that to be known. I never imagined he’d guess. I always thought I hid that fact well, but apparently he was more observant than I realized. If I agreed, then I’d be stuck in a back seat with him, and probably the rest of the night. But no, it was a party, with lots of girls to choose from; there was no way he’d even notice my presence. 
I’d only have to suffer through the car ride to the beach, and that wasn’t far. Besides, I really only had one option if I wanted to convince them that I didn’t hate him. And who knows, maybe tonight was the night for Logan to fall off the wagon and screw up. And I’d be there to catch him. I could get some dirt on him and keep my money. It was win, win.
“Of course I’ll still go,” I said with a smile. I turned to face him, and for the first time in two years, I looked him right in the eyes. “I don’t hate you.”
His hazel eyes sparkled with humor. “We both know you do, but that’s all right. I have the rest of the night to change your mind.” He stood up and walked through the door, leaving me speechless. Did that mean he’d actually try to spend time with me?
“So, what’s going on?” Sarah asked once we were alone again.
I took a bite and chewed, ignoring her question. But when I swallowed she was still waiting for my answer. “Nothing.”  She only stared at me with the same expression, one eyebrow raised. “Fine, I don’t like him. I don’t believe he’s different, like everyone says he is.”
“I know he was a jerk. I used to hate him too, until I got to know him. He really has changed.”
“Do you know what happened to bring on this sudden turnaround?” And maybe I could change him back.
“Lucas and his parents think it was me.”
“You?” I almost choked on the water I had taken a sip of.
“Yeah, he drove me to work one day—you know about the trouble I had last year?” 
I nodded, remembering Lucas telling me why Logan was off of work after he broke his leg and ribs trying to save Sarah. Apparently some lunatic that was stalking Sarah had kidnapped her and pushed Logan off a cliff, thinking he was Lucas. Lucas also fell over the cliff, but not alone; the guy that was threatening Sarah fell to his death, and Sarah pulled Lucas up. 
I was so worried for Logan after I heard that I rushed to his house to see if he was okay. I would have forgiven him; I couldn’t bear the thought of him being killed, or even hurt for that matter. But when I walked up to the door of his country home, I saw a bunch of girls from school hovering over him, doting on his every whim. He was smiling like an idiot before I spun on my heels and ran to my mom’s car. 
“Anyway,” Sarah said, pulling me out of my own head. “I told him that I saw through his crap and that he was only pretending to be a jerk for attention. I also said that people would like him more if he stopped acting like such a jackass. I guess he took my advice, but if you ask me, he was just waiting for an excuse to change. I know he despised acting like that. He did it to make people hate him, I just don’t know why.”
“Really, you don’t think he was just a self-absorbed bully?”
Sarah shook her head and swallowed her soup. “No, he’s really a great guy once you get to know him. Of course, not as great as his brother, but who is?” She smiled, her eyes shining with obvious love for Lucas.
I wasn’t convinced; she didn’t know what he did to me. “I’ll take your word for it.” I rolled my eyes, taking the last bite of my salad.
We finished our break and went back to work. At seven, our shift was over. I was back in the breakroom changing into my normal clothes when Lucas walked in. 
“Hey, how was your first shift?” he asked as I was stuffing my uniform into my bag. 
“Great, I got a lot of tips. And Sarah was really helpful.”
“She said you were coming with us?”
I nodded, tossing my bag over my shoulder.
“We’ll pick you up in about an hour, okay?”
“Sounds good. See you later Sarah,” I called to her, where she was changing in the bathroom.
“See you soon,” she yelled from her stall. I smiled and waved at Lucas before walking out the door.




Chapter Two
Party at the Beach

“Hey, Mom.” I found her in the kitchen once I arrived home. “I’m going to the beach with Sarah tonight.” We had an understanding when it came to my social life; I didn’t have to ask to go out anymore, as long as I told her where I was going.
She was standing at the stove stirring what smelled like beef stew. Potato, carrot, and onion peelings littered the counter. “Don’t be home too late,” she said absently, piling the vegetable skins into a bag and then tossing it into the garbage. She glanced up at me just as I was about to turn the corner into the living room. “Can you check on your sister on your way up to your room? She’s quiet, and that worries me.”
I laughed. My two-and-a-half-year-old sister was always getting into things she shouldn’t. Just yesterday I found her in my room with red clown-like lips, and my new purple nail polish seeping into the carpet. The ruby red lipstick I bought for a Halloween costume in my vampire phase four years ago was smushed down to a nub, lying in my underwear drawer, and my purple plum nail polish bottle was stuffed inside the video slot of my ancient VCR. “Sure.” I took a bite of the carrot I stole from her.
In the living room, Olivia sat in her little chair watching cartoons. Her oversize play princess dress was sliding off her shoulder, exposing a blue T-shirt. Her white-blond hair was pulled up in a very messy ponytail, with lose strands falling down her face and shoulders. “Hi, Livvy,” I called from the hall. She didn’t even notice me. “Mom, she’s fine,” I yelled before heading up the stairs. 
They were picking me up in forty minutes, and for some reason, I smelled like onions. My hair was greasy, and bent in the middle from the tail I wore all day, so a shower was definitely in order. I tossed my bag on the bed and headed to the bathroom, having the fastest shower in history. 
Five minutes before they were supposed to arrive, I descended the stairs wearing a black tank top and blue jean shorts. My light blond hair fell loosely around my shoulders, and even though I wasn’t much for wearing makeup, I managed to put on some eyeliner, eye shadow, and lip gloss. With limited time to get ready, it was the best I could do.
I saw the flash of headlights through the front door. 
“Mom, I’m leaving,” I hollered over Livvy’s kiddy show called The Jiggles. I pulled a twenty from my wallet and shoved it in the front pocket of my shorts before I opened the door, almost running into the person I hated most in the world. I was so shocked to see him, having expected that they would wait in the car, that I smiled before I realized what I was doing. 
His smile in return was filled with shock and surprise.
I made my face blank, void of emotion, before it was too late. I couldn’t let myself feel happy around him. He’d just do something to hurt me again, and I was far from forgiving him. His face fell at the change in my expression, recovering quickly with his cocky grin. 
“What are you doing? I can make it to the car without an escort.”
“Relax, Lisa. I was just making sure you knew we were here. Sarah didn’t want to honk.”
I was embarrassed by my rude comment, but what can I say, he brought out the bitch in me. “Whatever,” I mumbled as I followed him down the steps. 
He opened the car door for me, and I climbed into the back seat behind Sarah without so much as a thank-you to him.
“Hey, Lisa, did you have enough time?” Sarah asked, turning around in her seat.
“Barely.”
“I know. My hair wasn’t even dry before these morons were rushing me out the door.” Despite her words, she looked great; her long brown hair was down like mine. But hers fell almost to the middle of her back. Even though she wore the bare minimum of makeup, a little eye shadow and lip gloss, her face still glowed. She was wearing a lace-trimmed pink tank, paired with a short black skirt.
“What takes girls so long to get ready anyway?  Besides, we’re just going to the beach.”
Sarah stared at Lucas blankly. “Guys are so dumb.” Lucas gave her a playful slap with his right hand, keeping his left one on the steering wheel as he pulled out of my driveway. 
The ride to the beach wasn’t long. I didn’t talk much. Sarah and Lucas were discussing a trip they were taking in August, while I looked at the scenery from my window. As we passed the main strip downtown, I watched the lights from the storefronts flash by. I thought I saw a few kids from school standing in the line up in front of The Pit, a teen dance club I’d never been to. 
Logan tried to start a conversation with me, but I answered him shortly before turning back to the scenery. He eventually gave up, joining in on the conversation about their trip to Sarah’s family cottage at Crescent Lake. Logan was also going, along with Emma and Derrick, Sarah’s two best friends. 
Even though I refused to talk to Logan, I was very aware of his closeness. For some reason, I had always been able to sense when he was near. Now that he was so close to me in the small enclosed back seat, it felt like a live pulse vibrating between us. I was so uncomfortable; I couldn’t wait for the car to stop so I could escape. Halfway there, Logan grew silent, and from the corner of my eye, I saw him fidget, picking at his khaki shorts and tapping on the leather seat to the beat of the song that played on the radio. His eyes shifted to me a few times, and he sighed more than once. If I didn’t know any better, I’d have thought he felt the same weird electricity that I did.
After several minutes of uncomfortable silence, Lucas finally pulled into the paved parking lot, not far from where a group of students were huddled around a bonfire. The sun was just starting to go down when I opened my door and climbed out. 
Sarah took my hand, and we walked slowly behind the twins. “Was it me, or was that really awkward between you two?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Come on, Lisa, what’s your problem with Logan? I heard him trying to make conversation, but you kept shutting him down.”
I was tempted to tell her. I hadn’t said the words out loud since the day after the party, when Adam and Kelly browbeat me into explaining why I was so upset. I opened my mouth to speak, but the words wouldn’t come. Instead I said, “Sarah, I don’t know why, but I just feel uncomfortable around him.”
She stopped walking, yanking my arm back when I took a step away from her. “Just give him a chance, okay? I’m not saying to date the guy, but you’re both my friends. I want you to get along.” 
I really didn’t know what to say, I hated to lie to her—she was a good friend—but I couldn’t give him a chance; it had been my life’s mission for two years. I wasn’t about to stop now. “I’ll try,” I lied.
“Good. Now let’s go have fun.” She ran ahead to catch up to Lucas and Logan, wrapping her arm around Lucas’ waist and kicking Logan in the backside as she flipped her leg up sideways. 
I followed behind them, walking slowly. What was I even doing here? I didn’t really know these people; they were all older than I was. They probably wouldn’t want me at their party, just as much as I suddenly didn’t want to be here. 
I stopped, unsure what to do, and started to turn around. I felt hands on my shoulders. “Lisa, you’re here. Sarah said you were coming.” Emma grabbed my hand, pulling me along with her into a group of seniors who were lucky to be free of high school. 
A bunch of students were huddled around a cooler that I guessed was filled with beer. A volleyball net was set up a good distance from the fire. Two teams on opposite sides of the net were in the midst of a game. A few girls were watching the match cheering them on. Lucas’ friends Andy Taylor and Kyle Roberts were on one team playing against Ben Adams and Carter Williams. It looked like Andy and Kyle were in the lead. 
“Lisa!” Sarah called from where she stood standing with Lucas and Derrick. Logan was nowhere in sight. “Come here.” She pulled a beer out of the cooler and handed it to me. I flashed back to two years ago, remembering what happened the last time I drank, and shook my head. Instead I leaned down to pull a can of soda out of the cooler beside it. 
“Do you want to play volleyball with us? Emma and I are trying to get a group of girls to play against Kyle and Andy.”
“Yeah, come on, Lisa. Andy is so much fun to beat. Lucas said you’re good at sports,” Emma said, setting a beer on top of a cooler.
I was pretty good, and was on the volleyball team at school, but after my awkward car ride here, I wasn’t really in the game-playing kind of mood. “Maybe later.” 
They slapped my back as they headed for the net, while I found myself drawn toward the fire. There was something about a campfire that captivated me. I loved watching the angry red flames dance around. The pop and sizzle as the wood burned, eventually turning to ash, was almost hypnotizing. The smell of the smoke always reminded me of sticky, toasted marshmallows, licked from my childhood fingers when we used to go camping.
I took a drink of my soda, wiping the condensation from the can onto my shorts, leaving a wet spot on the cuff. 
At the sound of a scream, I looked over the fire to see Lindsey Young play fighting with Levi Cook. Lindsey smiled and waved when she caught my gaze. Now that I saw her, I felt a little less out of place. She was in my grade, and had been in a few of my classes. Sitting down on a log, I looked around, noticing many kids in my class hanging around and having fun. There were even a few first and second years here. 
I relaxed a little and took another sip of cola, leaning back on the log. I flipped my sandals off so I could spread my toes in the warm, smooth sand, enjoying the soothing sounds of the waves coming from the lake. I took a deep breath, taking in the fresh scent of the water, and suddenly stiffened. 
I felt his presence behind me before I heard him. “Do you mind?” Logan asked, nodding to the space beside me. His voice was his usual teasing tone, but there was a change in it. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say he sounded nervous.
I wanted to say yes I mind, get lost, but of course, I couldn’t. I shrugged lazily, as if his presence didn’t ignite a spark inside me. “It’s not my log.”
He laughed softly as he sat down, leaving just a few feet between us; the smell of some kind of spice entered my nostrils. It was something I smelled on him often when he walked close by me at the restaurant. I couldn’t place the scent, but it smelled savory, like something you’d smell on Thanksgiving. Was it because of his cooking, or did it come from his pores?
He was so close that if I moved my knee slightly, it would bump his. I scooted over towards the end of the log, creating more space. He laughed dryly. “Tell me again how you don’t hate me.”
I forced a smile, looking him in the eye for the second time today. “Oh my! It’s Logan Tate, gracing me with his presence. How did I get so lucky?” My voice dripped with sarcasm.
“Okay, now you’re just mocking me, but I like it. Keep it up.” He wiggled his eyebrows and grinned widely.
A laugh slipped out before I could stop it.
“Was that a genuine smile?” he asked. “Wait, there’s still time to scowl, no one else saw.” He looked from side to side, making sure the coast was clear. Okay, now who was mocking who?
I turned my head toward the parking lot, letting my hair fall over my face so he couldn’t see my grin. The more I tried not to smile the wider my grin became. He leaned in closer, trying to catch me. I laughed, looking over at him. “What?”
“It’s the first time you’ve laughed at something I said, and everyone knows how funny I am.”
“Maybe you’re not as funny as you think you are.”
“No, I am,” he said with a straight face. “You just don’t like me, and I want to know why. What did I ever do to you?”
The words stunned speechless were definitely an understatement for what I was feeling. I never expected Logan to be blunt and call me on whether I liked him or not. I actually never thought he’d give a crap. And now here he was for the second time in one day accusing me of disliking him, and even asking why. I was just one of a sea of girls out there. I turned him down, but there had to be at least three girls to take my place. 
But wait a minute. Why was he asking what he did? Didn’t he remember? He was pretty drunk, or maybe, since I never drew attention to myself while he was kissing Sasha, he didn’t know I came back. Of course it didn’t change anything; it happened, whether he would admit it or not. It was a night that forever changed me, and he hadn’t paid nearly enough.  
“Like I said today, I don’t hate you. I don’t know why you think I do.” And please stop being so damn observant.
He set his soda down, pushing it into the sand so it wouldn’t fall over, and folded his arms in front of him. His eyes narrowed at me. “Prove it.”
It was becoming more difficult to hide my hate and get my revenge. “Prove what?”
“That you don’t hate me.”
“How am I supposed to do that?” I smiled, hoping it would help to convince him.
“Go out with me tomorrow night.” 
I sucked in a breath and choked. Holy crap, how was I supposed to get out of this? “Logan, just because I don’t hate you doesn’t mean that I’m at all attracted to you. I remember how you dated different girls every weekend. I’m not interested in being a notch on your bedpost, or a name in your little black book with four stars next to it.”
His face never flinched at my words, not a smile, or a scowl. “Fine, a friendly date then; we can go Dutch. Wait, you can even pay. I’m pretty sure you’re not attracted to Lucas, but you’re his friend. You laugh and joke with him, why not me? If you want to prove that you don’t hate me, than you’ll go, if not, tell me why. What did I do?”
“How about if I promise to laugh at your jokes. Will that prove it?”
“Nope. If you can’t stand to be near me, just the two of us, for more than ten minutes, it means you don’t like me. Again, I want to know why.” His gaze was intense. Was he trying to read my mind?
“Logan, why are you doing this? I can’t imagine I’m the only girl that doesn’t hang off your every word. It wasn’t that long ago that you were a complete asshole at school.”
This time he flinched at my words to describe him.
“True, but I’m not that guy anymore, and if I hurt someone, I’ve apologized. So no, most of the girls I dated like me because I’ve changed, and I’ve tried to make it up to anyone I’ve hurt. So if I’ve done something to hurt you, I’m sorry.”
An ache formed inside my chest, taking my breath away. I’ve always wanted him to apologize to me, but it didn’t count when he didn’t know what it was for. And I’d be damned if I was going to remind him. I was speechless; I really had no idea what to say to him. I didn’t know this Logan. “Why do you care so much? Are you drunk?”
He laughed softly. “No, I don’t drink anymore.”
He was just full of surprises tonight. “Since when? Why?”
“About a year, and because I don’t like to feel out of control.”
“Huh.” That’s all I could think to say.
He laughed. “I surprised you, didn’t I?”
My eyes were wide, my mouth hanging open from the shock. I quickly tried to recover by closing my mouth, shifting my eyes to the fire, and taking a drink of soda. “Not really. I’d have to care to be surprised.”
“Which brings us back to the reason you hate me.”
“Well, I’d say yes, but I work tomorrow night.”
“Only until seven.” My eyebrows rose in question. “I checked.”
“I have a date.”
He blinked, obviously surprised that I had a social life. He seemed more shocked than I was. “Maybe next time then.” He bowed his head, picked up his can of soda, and dragged it along the sand in a circle. His lips tightened as his gaze stayed fixed on the sand. “Who’s the guy?” he asked quietly, still concentrating on the can, and the large circle he was making. 
Uh…my mind went blank. I wasn’t seeing anyone, and had no desire to. All my concentration and time went into getting even with the jerk next to me. My phone buzzed in my pocket. I pulled it out to see that Adam had texted me. “Adam Baxter,” I said without thinking it through. “You probably don’t know him, he’s in my class.” 
“Never heard of him.” He smiled slightly, shaking his head before finally looking up, his hazel eyes boring into me. 
“I knew you wouldn’t, you’re too self absorbed to notice anyone but yourself.” Where the hell did that come from? Way to play it cool. 
His smile disappeared, and his eyes widened in what looked like pain. “Well then, I guess I won’t be changing your mind tonight.” He stood up, leaving his can halfway buried in the sand, and walked away, his savory scent hovering in the air. 
Guilt wasn’t an emotion I usually experienced in Logan’s presence. I turned around, opening my mouth to apologize, but stopped myself. I couldn’t go out with him tomorrow. I wasn’t prepared for him to corner me like this. His constant questions flustered me, and I lashed out. I didn’t know how it would feel to hurt his feelings. For the last two years, I had made it my mission to make him suffer, and I wasn’t sure I had. My self-imposed career as Karen’s informant probably pissed him off, but I doubt I ever really hurt him. Even though that was my goal, I preferred not to witness it. Seeing the pain in his eyes was harder than I ever imagined it would be. And I wasn’t sure if I could do it again. 
I turned back to gaze into the fire, feeling oddly lonely. My throat burned with the threat of tears. 
“Lisa!” Emma called from the volleyball net. 
I took a deep breath and stood up. I needed a distraction, and playing a game I was good at seemed ideal. “Coming,” I yelled.




Chapter Three
The Game

Playing volleyball helped clear my mind. Whether it was the adrenaline pumping through my body or the threat of a ball colliding with my head, I wasn’t sure, but I was definitely thankful. I really hated feeling guilty for something I said to Logan, and I sure as hell hated to think of him being vulnerable. And that’s how he looked as he walked away. It was a word I’d never even considered using to describe Logan. Bully, player, douche-bag, jackass, attention-whore, but never vulnerable. So thankfully the game kept my mind away from my gorgeous enemy.
Andy and Kyle were so smug, so sure we couldn’t beat them, that at first they didn’t even try. They insisted they didn’t need any help, that the two of them could beat our team of six girls. Kyle served the ball without any effort; I jumped up and spiked it, and a hollow ting rang out. 
It landed right between them on the sand. They looked at each other, eyes wide with shock. “Lucky shot,” Andy called out. 
Emma took her turn and served the ball, trying to get it between them, but Kyle reached over and bumped it. Grace bumped it just before it landed on the ground. The boys returned it, and I spiked the ball once again to receive another point.
They glanced at each other with amazement clouding their faces. “Okay, we need more players,” Kyle mumbled.
While the rest of my team took turns high-fiving me, the boys managed to find two more players. No one else wanted to join the game; they were two busy drinking and hitting on girls. Lucas and Derrick took places in front of the net, in the same position as their girlfriends, Sarah and Emma. “You’re going down, Derrick,” Emma yelled, pulling her long red curls into a tail just as Marnie took position to serve. 
I watched Derrick stick his tongue out at his girlfriend just as the ball flew at him. He jumped up, spiking it with a loud thump. The ball skimmed the net and hit the ground right beside Emma’s bare foot. She scowled at him. 
“What was that, sweetie?” he asked with a grin, his sun-kissed blond hair falling over his eyes.
She grumbled something I couldn’t make out from my position. The guys cheered from behind Derrick, and Lucas slapped his shoulder from beside him. 
Lucas moved into position, taking his turn to serve, and hit the ball too hard, going out of bounds. Sarah booed loudly. He grinned at her with narrowed eyes. 
I took my turn, aiming for the back corner. Andy jumped up and spiked it. Emma hit the ball just before it collided with the sand.
With the extra guys, we were evened up in skill, but in the end, we beat them by one point. It was too dark for a rematch like Andy wanted. He pouted into the beer that someone handed him. Emma was right; he was fun to beat.
I actually ended up having a pretty good time. Lucas and I hung out watching the rest of our group drink. He was the designated driver, and I didn’t drink anymore. “Where’s Logan, I haven’t seen him for a while,” I asked, scanning the group for his coffee-colored hair and white shirt. Hopefully he was doing something I could use against him.
“He left just after our volleyball game. He called my dad to come and pick him up.”
“Why?” My stomach dropped from what I hoped was guilt, because the alternative might just be that I was sorry to see him go. And I sure wasn’t going to admit that, even to myself.
“I don’t know. All he said was that he wasn’t in the mood for a party.”
Oh shit, I hoped it wasn’t what I said. But why did I care? It had been my mission for years to hurt him, so why should it matter now? Maybe it was a bad idea to come here. I wasn’t used to spending so much time with Logan, and I had no idea I would be able to hurt his feelings. Who knew he had feelings to hurt? If I was going to continue my mission to make his life miserable, I needed to stay away from him as much as possible. My conscience couldn’t take the guilt.
Sarah suddenly appeared, taking my unwanted thoughts away. She plunked down on Lucas’ lap and wrapped her arms around his shoulders. “Well, hello, cutie,” Lucas said, with a wink at me over Sarah’s head. “How are you feeling?”
She grinned up at him with glazed eyes. “Hi,” she said, just before nuzzling his neck.
Lucas cleared his throat. “Uh…Sarah, Lisa is right there.” He nodded in my direction. 
I stood up. “It’s okay, Luke. I was just going to go back to the fire anyway.” He waved at me, unable to speak, with his lips suddenly occupied. Sarah must have had a lot more drinks than I thought; she would never kiss her boyfriend like that in front of me. It was cute, though, in a vomit-inducing sort of way. They were so much in love it made me think that I might want to feel that way about someone someday. But that couldn’t happen until I was finished with Logan. When he had finally suffered as much as I had, I could let this go, and then I would look for someone who would gaze at me the way Lucas did to Sarah.
About two hours later, I was sitting back on my log, listening to Sadie Clark play her guitar and sing. She sang so beautifully that everybody on the beach was quiet, huddled around the fire listening. We were so captivated, no one made a sound. 
Emma, who sat beside me, leaned her head on my shoulder as she swayed to the music. Her melon shampoo smelled nice, compared to the beer from her breath. 
When the song ended, we all stood up and cheered while Sadie sat on a lawn chair, blushing. 
After the applause subsided Sarah grabbed my arm and pulled me up. She appeared more clearheaded. “Are you ready?”
“Yeah, I’m getting tired.”
“So is Lucas. Can you drive us, though, he had a few beers.”
“Of course, let’s go.” We said our goodbyes, and I took them home. 

Later, up in my room, I fell onto my bed in exhaustion. Taking only my shorts off, I slid under my blanket. My phone beeped beside my head from my nightstand. I picked it up to see that I had three missed calls, one from Kelly, one from Adam, and oddly, one from Adam’s friend Ethan. Adam had been friends with Kelly and me for a long time, but I didn’t know Ethan all that well. I scrolled down to Kelly’s and listened to her tell me that she was home, and to call her when I could. Adam wondered where I was, and Ethan asked if I wanted to come out with him and Adam. The last one was strange. Adam had told me about their plans to hang out at River Park, where kids like to skateboard, but he didn’t ask me to join them, knowing I hated it there. Why would Ethan call me in the first place? He never had before.
Since it was one o’clock, I put my phone back onto my nightstand, laid my head on the pillow, and was asleep in minutes.
I opened my eyes and was startled to see that I was in a courtyard with a castle in the distance. A crowd of people wandered around wearing masks with spooky faces and long gowns or capes. I was wearing a deep red, floor-length gown with gold designs along the edge. I held a stick of some sort in my hand, but when I held it up, I saw a gold mask. It was just big enough for my eyes, with holes I could see out of. There were ribbons hanging down on either side. 
Suddenly, remembering that I was looking for someone, I pushed through the crowd of peculiar, laughing bodies. A man in a long cape bent down and stared into my face. His mask was black and gold, and the nose was long and pointed, sticking out from his face. There was something about the mask that had an evil feel to it. I jumped back in alarm for reasons I didn’t understand. When all he did was laugh, I pushed him out of the way, only to be accosted again by a woman in an equally frightening mask. 
The laughter around me seemed to get louder, and I ran in the opposite direction. I couldn’t find the person I was looking for, and fear was beginning to claw up my spine. “Are you lost?” said a deep, confident voice from behind a pale gold mask. The man that stood in front of me was tall, over six feet, with dark brown hair that almost reached his shoulders. He pulled his mask off to reveal kind hazel eyes, a strong jaw, and pale red lips pointed upwards into a warm smile. He was wearing a black cape.
“Um…I’ve lost my companion,” I stuttered, still feeling overwhelmed and afraid. 
His smile widened, lighting up his eyes. He bowed slightly, holding his hand up. “Come, I will help you find your friend.” His eyes were so reassuring, all the fear slipped out of me. I took his hand and felt a shock of some sort that sent shivers up my arm. 
He pulled me through the crowd. When he looked back at me with a crooked smile, I stopped. That cocky grin was so familiar it yanked me out of my dream. 
I sat up in the darkness of my room. Damn it. I couldn’t get away from him. Working and going to parties with Logan wasn’t enough; now, after many peaceful months of silence, the dreams were back. 

Sarah and Lucas were a little slow the next day at work. I saw them both taking aspirin, and during our break Sarah held her head in her hands. Her long chestnut hair fell, hiding her face entirely. “Whose stupid idea was it to go to that party last night?” she mumbled over her salad. 
I laughed. “That was your stupid idea, and it was a good one. I had fun.” Except for my conversation with a certain twin. “I can’t believe how beautiful Sadie’s voice is.”
She sat up, smiling slightly. “I know, she’s going to Julliard in the fall.” 
“Isn’t that where you want to teach?” Sarah played the piano really well, and even though her teachers had always said she could do it professionally, she wanted to become a teacher like her mother, who was vice principal at our school. But instead of teaching at a normal school, she wanted to work at Juilliard.
She sighed, leaning back in her seat. “I hope so.”
The breakroom door opened. Lucas and Logan walked through, heading to their lockers. “Sarah, you’re looking a little green,” Logan said as he stood in front of his locker door, peeling his white chef’s coat off, revealing his smooth bronzed chest. As he pulled a black T-shirt over his head, his arm muscles flexed. I quickly looked down at my burger so he didn’t see me staring.
“I’m not feeling well. And I still have four hours of work before I can go home and sleep.” She balanced her soda can on her knee. “Why aren’t you suffering?”
He smiled at her. “Because I had the sense to go home early, and I didn’t drink.” His eyes flashed to me briefly then focused on Sarah again. 
Lucas had been listening silently as he changed out of his apron and traded his white dress shirt for a plain gray T-shirt. “Logan, could you drop me off at Lisa’s to pick up my car? Dad and I were too late to do it this morning.”
Logan tossed his white coat in his locker, slamming the door shut. With another quick look at me, he said, “Sure, let’s go.” And then he walked out. Apparently I had ticked him off, and now he wasn’t speaking to me. This was a good thing; I had hoped he would lose focus on me, so I could get back to my plan. But why did I suddenly feel so sad?
Lucas kissed Sarah goodbye and then followed his brother out the door.
“Why is Logan mad at you?” Sarah asked, standing up with her dishes in her hand. She flinched slightly at the sound of the clinking silverware hitting her plate. 
I gathered my plate and followed her out into the kitchen to drop off our dishes. “I didn’t notice he was,” I lied.
“He barely looked at you, and never said a word.” I shrugged my shoulders. “Did you say something to him last night?”
When I shook my head again, she stared at me with doubt in her eyes. “Fine, I might have said something,” I admitted. “Who knew he was so sensitive?”
“What did you say?” She placed our dishes on the counter beside the oversized sink, where Leo from my trig class was elbow deep in suds, washing a pot. He narrowed his eyes at us as we stepped away from our discarded plates.
We stopped beside the food pantry, out of the way of the kitchen chaos, the smell of sautéing onions hovering in the air. “I’m not sure exactly, but something like he was too self-absorbed to notice anyone but himself.” I flinched at the guilt I felt from the disapproval in her eyes.
“Lisa, why would you say that? He’s really trying to be a better person. How is he supposed do that, when you keep reminding him how he used to be?”
“Because I don’t believe he has changed.”
She stared at me, deep in thought, but just when she opened her mouth to speak Karen called over to us from her corner counter where she was chopping lettuce. “Girls, your break is up, you have tables waiting.”
“Sorry, Karen,” we said at the same time as we rushed out to the dining room. 
Sarah didn’t get a chance to tell me what she was about to say until our shift was over. “You want a ride home?” she asked while we changed into our normal clothes. 
Why did I have a feeling I was about to get a lecture? “Sure, thanks.”
The inside of her SUV was mostly clean, the only clutter a candy wrapper on the floor in the back and a fuzzy blue throw blanket thrown haphazardly on the seat. Despite the air freshener hanging from the rearview mirror, it smelled slightly of pipe tobacco.
She turned the key in the ignition and pulled out of the lot. “Did Logan do something to you?”
I wasn’t prepared for anyone to guess what happened. My mind went blank.
“Lisa, come on. You can talk to me.”
Propping my elbow on the edge of the passenger side door, I leaned my head against my arm. “No, he didn’t. Why would you think that?”
“I know you were Karen’s source, the one that fed information about Logan to her. And you’re the only one holding onto his past. The only reason for both is if he hurt you in some way.” She turned to me. “Did he?” Her voice was soft and full of compassion.
I really wanted to open up to her, but I had already told two people, and the fewer people that knew, the better. “How did you know that I was her source?”
“Lucas told me. But don’t worry, we won’t say anything.”
I looked out my window, silently watching a little girl skipping on her front lawn while Sarah stopped at a stop sign and then pulled onto the road once more. 
I hated that they knew my secret; what if Logan found out? My quest to ruin him would be over. I couldn’t let that happen. She couldn’t know about that night at the party. “He didn’t do anything to me.” She still wasn’t convinced. I had to do something, or she wouldn’t let it go. “Fine, you’ve convinced me. I’ll apologize to Logan and give him a chance. Okay?” 
She smiled. “Thank you.”
“Why does it bother you that I don’t like him?”
“I told you, you’re both my friends, and we’re all working together. I want everyone to get along.” She pulled into my driveway and turned to me. “So, what are you doing tonight?”
“Kelly and Adam are coming over to watch a movie.”
“Sounds like fun. Tell them I said hi.” She waved as I climbed out and shut the door. I hated lying to her—she was becoming a really good friend to me—but enough people knew my secret already and given the way she felt about Logan, I couldn’t burden her with it. 
My mom’s car was gone, so I had the place to myself. She was probably at my dad’s. When they needed to talk about their divorce she went over to his place. I was still angry at him for leaving, and I didn’t want him here. I climbed the steps of our two-story, blue-sided house and unlocked the door. The quiet was welcoming. Coming from the noisy chaos of the restaurant it was nice to be home and listen to the silence. 
I took a bottle of juice out of the fridge and went up to my room. It was my haven. I had painted the walls dark red and placed black-and-white photos over my bed and desk. I chose dark forest pictures that were slightly spooky. I bought them after my parents announced that after twenty years, they were sick of each other. 
My friends were always surprised when they saw my room for the first time. Always shocked that a blond-haired, blued-eyed girl would sleep in a dark room with blood-red walls and pictures of death everywhere. Of course they weren’t actually about murder. Just a series of pictures of a girl you could see through, standing in a dark forest. It was obvious she was a ghost, but there was no blood and nothing gory at all. I wanted my sister to be able to come in here, and I wouldn’t scare her like that.
I sat down on my bed, pulling my laptop onto my legs. I opened it up and scrolled through my emails. Reagan, one of my spies, said that Logan was at a party drinking a can of something that could be beer, flirting with someone by the bonfire. That was useful, considering it was me he was with, and soda he was drinking. 
I replied, telling her that it wasn’t good enough, I needed something more.
There was one more from Julie, saying that she saw him with Jim Reynolds, his old partner in crime. He hadn’t been seen with him in about six months. Jim wasn’t a bad guy, he just like to drink and party a lot. He wasn’t going to college; instead, he worked at his father’s garage, fixing cars. 
The fact that Logan had talked to him was interesting. If Logan was going to show his true colors it would be with Jim.




Chapter Four
Olivia

“Anything good?” Kelly asked, stepping into the room and tossing her bag into my closet.
“Have you heard of knocking?” I said, closing my laptop.
She jumped onto the black comforter and lay down on my matching pillows. “I did. But when you’re plotting revenge, you don’t hear anything. All you need is a mustache to twist.”
I narrowed my eyes at her mustache comment; she made me sound like an evil villain in a movie, plotting to kidnap an innocent maiden. “I was checking my email, that’s all.”
She eyed me suspiciously. “You need to let this go. Holding a grudge like this isn’t healthy.” She picked my journal up off my pillow where I had thrown it earlier. It was where I kept all my information on Logan. “You spend all your money on getting even, and what do you get out of it?” When I didn’t answer she went on. “I know he hurt you, but keeping this hate inside you is only hurting yourself.” She had been saying the same thing for the last year. I understood what she meant, and sometimes I was tempted to take her advice, but I couldn’t let it go. He hadn’t suffered enough.
“Don’t listen to her, Lisa. He’s a dick and deserves what he gets,” Ethan said, suddenly standing in the doorway. Kelly and I stared at him in shock. First of all, his presence in my hallway was unexpected, and the fact that he seemed to know about my plan against Logan really aggravated me.
When Adam stepped up behind him, I glared at my so-called friend. With his arms up in a show of innocence, he said, “I’m sorry, it just slipped out.”
Like that was a good enough explanation. I pointed to Adam. “I’ll deal with you later. But first, what’s going on? I thought you were hanging out with us?”
Adam stepped around Ethan and fell into my black armchair. He was wearing his typical clothes, designer shirt and cargo shorts. It was a good thing his family was rich; he had expensive taste and wouldn’t be caught dead in anything that wasn’t a brand name. He was average looking with red hair and freckles, but his green eyes were so vivid they were hard to look away from. “I am, but Ethan asked if he could join us.”
The boy in question sat down on my desk chair and faced me. “You don’t mind, do you?” He was wearing jean shorts and a black button-down shirt. His face was round, and with white blond hair and blue eyes, he was cute in a little boy kind of way. 
Exchanging a quick look with Kelly I answered, “Of course not.”
Ethan grinned, leaning back in his chair. “Cool. Nice room,” he said, glancing around.
Feeling just a bit uncomfortable, I placed my laptop on the floor. “Thanks.”
“So, are we ordering pizza or not?” Kelly asked, sitting up on the bed and slapping my journal closed with a smack. 
Adam picked up his phone and punched a few buttons. “Done. Half cheese for you, Kelly, and all dressed for the rest of us.” He stuffed his phone back into his pocket.
“Good. Do you have any sodas, Lisa?” Kelly asked as she stood up.
“Yeah, come help me get some.” We left the room, hearing the two boys arguing over what movie to put in. Adam wanted an old eighties high school movie, while Ethan wanted a horror. 
Once in the kitchen and out of hearing distance, Kelly grinned at me. “So when are you going to let Adam have it for sharing your secret?” Her eyes sparkled at the thought. “You are mad, right?”
“You bet I am. I thought I could trust you two to keep this to yourselves.” I paused. “You haven’t told anyone, have you?” I asked, narrowing my eyes at her.
She shook her head as she opened my fridge, taking out two sodas. “I would never do that to you.”
I sighed with relief. “I know, but I thought the same thing about blabbermouth up there.” I nodded up to the ceiling; my room was just above. 
She stuffed the drinks into my hands, pulling out two more. “I know, you can’t let him get away with that.”
“I won’t,” I mumbled, following her up the stairs, heading back to my room
Loud male voices carried down the hall from my room, now arguing who was going to sit in the only armchair. Kelly and I rolled our eyes in exasperation. The evening promised to be a long one. 
Ethan got his way, and we watched the only horror movie I owned; thankfully, it wasn’t as disturbing since I had seen it three times. We ate the pizza when it arrived, and drank our sodas, while Kelly and I cringed at the gore of the movie. 
The muffled sound of the front door opening and shutting came from downstairs. I wasn’t surprised to hear the soft footsteps of my mother on the steps, and then Livvy’s door shut. Olivia must have fallen asleep in the car. It was seven thirty, and if she was in a moving vehicle at this time of night, she was lights out. 
A few seconds later my mom poked her head into my bedroom. “Hey, guys,” she said to Adam and Kelly, and then nodded to Ethan, her eyes wide. She was as surprised to see an extra person in my room as I was. “I saw your cars here. Are you going home when the movie’s over, boys?”
“Of course, Deb. Besides, there’s two of them. There’s no room on the bed for us,” Adam said with a grin, while Ethan stayed silent.
She narrowed her eyes and smiled. “Smart ass,” she mumbled as the door shut behind her.
When the movie ended, I got the cards out for a game of poker. Kelly was a card shark; she beat us every time we played. 
“So how’s the new job, Lisa?” Kelly asked over her cards. 
“It’s good; I’m getting lots of tips. Of course, the down side is I spend more time with Logan.” I moved a jack of hearts closer to my king. “He asked me out again. He thinks I hate him, so he’s trying to convince me that he’s a good guy.”
“Hmpf,” was Adam’s response.
“Yeah, right,” was Ethan’s.
Kelly was quiet, watching the two boys.
I scowled at Adam. “Why is it that you told your friend here, anyway?” I gestured to Ethan.
“I told you it slipped out. We were just discussing how great school will be now that Logan has graduated. I’m sorry. But don’t worry, I swore him to secrecy.” He turned to his friend. “Right, Ethan?”
Ethan placed his right hand on his heart. “I swear.”
Shaking my head, I said, “Whatever.” 
Ethan leaned back, concentrating, the cards spread wide in his hand. “You’re not going to go out with him, are you?” he asked, one eyebrow raised. “From what Adam said, he’ll just hurt you again.” 
“I know, I told him no. And I ticked him off at the party. He didn’t speak to me at all today.” I glanced at each person in front of me. “So don’t worry, the plan is still on.”
Kelly was silent, staring at her cards. “But should it be?”
All eyes turned to her, waiting for her to explain. It took a while, but she finally said, “Don’t you think telling his mom things he did wrong is juvenile? He’s finished school; I don’t think she’ll care. And besides, he’s eighteen, she can’t punish him.” That was a good point, and I knew this, but I had nothing else. “I think you should go out with him.”
My eyes widened in shock. What the hell was she thinking? There was no way I was going out with my enemy. “Are you serious?”
“Think about it. What you really want is to hurt him, like he hurt you. And it sounds like he has feelings for you.” I started to object, that Logan didn’t like anyone but himself, but she held her hand up to stop me. “Listen, he’s asked you out several times in the last year, and now he wants to prove he’s changed. Why would he care what you think, if he didn’t like you?” That was a good point, but it only made me wonder what he was up to.
“She can’t go out with him. He’s a jerk,” Adam pointed out.
She narrowed her gray eyes at him, and then turned to me. “Start dating him, put on the charm, make him fall for you, and then break his heart. Let him see how it feels for a change.” She finished her speech with a wide grin. Adam, Ethan, and I were silent. It was a great plan, and if it worked, it would accomplish what I’d wanted all along. But I wasn’t sure I could be around him all the time. With my dreams back, I’d fall for him all over again, so in the end, I would be the one who was crushed.
“I can’t do that.” My voice was low, just above a whisper.
“Just think about it, okay? And besides, it would save you a bundle.” That was true. I wouldn’t have to give my money away, and I’d only have myself to rely on.
I nodded my head. “I’ll think about it.” Adam and Ethan looked at me as if I was crazy, but didn’t say anything. “Come on, Adam, it’s your turn.”
Of course, Kelly beat us. Adam and Ethan handed her all their pennies and went home. I watched her count her winnings and pour it into the container she kept at my house. It was nearly full.

That night, as I lay beside Kelly listening to her snore, I thought about her plan for Logan. The idea that he would feel even a fraction of what I felt would be the perfect revenge. But could I really do that to him? The hurt look on his face after I snapped at him last night popped in my head, and I felt guilty all over again. Could I really set out to make him fall for me, only to break his heart? That was only if he had a heart. And I still wasn’t convinced that he even liked me. I didn’t believe he had it in him to feel anything. 

“Lisa, come here,” my sister called from the living room, only she pronounced it “Weesa come heeere.” I loved her sweet voice, and her chubby little cheeks. Sometimes I hated having a sibling so young. When she was first born I barely slept a full night since her room was next to mine. And I was sure my parents only had her as a desperate attempt to hold onto their marriage. Of course, having a newborn baby that screamed nonstop wasn’t the way to do it. Obviously, their lack of sleep would only add to the bickering, but would they listen to a fifteen-year-old girl? No way. Of course, now I wouldn’t trade her for all the peace and quiet in the world. 
“I won’t be long, Lisa; I’m just going to get a few things. After she eats, you can put her down for a nap.” My mom was going grocery shopping, and hated taking Livvy, who liked to grab at everything on the shelves. Kelly had just left to go home, and I had the day off, so I didn’t mind spending a few hours with my sister.
“Mom, I’ve watched her before, I know what to do.”
My mom picked up her purse and started to dig threw it. “I know, honey, but it makes me feel better knowing that I said everything out loud. Where are my damn keys?” 
“Damn keys…damn…damn.” I smiled, trying to hold in the laugher as Livvy started to mimic my mom’s last words. 
I pointed to the hook on the wall by the kitchen doorway.
She followed my finger and grabbed the keys off the wall. “Livvy, don’t say that, okay? That’s bad.”
A dimple popped out of my sister’s cheek as she looked up at my mother from her princess chair with a wide smile. “Damn,” she said again. 
My mom sighed tiredly, and grumbled as she walked to the door. I laughed into my hand. She rolled her eyes before disappearing out the door. 
Once we were alone, I turned to Livvy. “Okay, what do you want to do?”
“Paint, Weesa, paint.”
“Oh no, not after the last time, you painted a rainbow on the kitchen wall when I turned my back.”
“I want a rainbow wall, just like school.”
“But this isn’t your nursery school Livvy, we don’t want rainbows on the walls.” I bent down, taking her hand to lead her into the kitchen. Sitting her in her booster seat and belting her in was a precaution I needed. Who knew what mess she’d make, that I’d have to clean up.
I took some paper and crayons off the top of the fridge and placed them in front of her. “Here, draw Mama a picture for when she gets home.” 
“I draw Mommy and Daddy.” A slight ache squeezed at my heart at the mention of our parents in one sentence. When was I going to stop hoping they’d get back together? I was seventeen. I knew all they did was fight, so why would I want to live that way?
“Look, Weesa, it’s Mommy,” Livvy said with a proud smile on her face. 
I glanced at her drawing and smiled. “It looks just like her, Liv.” The stick figure was pretty good considering she was only two and a half. The legs weren’t exactly attached to the body, and my mom seemed to be missing a few fingers, but what did I expect? She even captured my mother’s blond locks. It might have been a little more yellow than my mother’s golden hair, but it was close enough. All three of us shared hair and eye color, except Olivia’s hair was lighter. But we were sure it would darken with age like mine did. People often said my father, who had black hair and brown eyes, stuck out in our family like a sore thumb. Maybe that was a sign.
The sound of the door opening startled me out of the depressing thoughts that moved around in my brain. Adam and Ethan bounded through the door. “Hello!” Ethan yelled before he spotted me.
“Lisa, let’s go,” Adam said, walking into the kitchen and sitting on a chair beside me.
“What are you guys doing here?”
“You’re coming to the beach with us,” Ethan said.
Adam jingled his car keys in his hand. “Come on, Lisa, it’s summer vacation, let’s enjoy it.”
“I can’t, I’m watching Livvy.” I bent down to pick up the red and purple crayons off the floor.
“Bring her; she’s definitely a chick magnet,” Ethan said as he took the chair across from me. Picking up a piece of plain paper and a blue crayon, he started to draw funny faces.
“He’s right. Liv can come. Go get your stuff. What else are you going to do on your day off? Sit at home all day?” 
I glanced over at my sister. She was laughing at Ethan’s drawing of a big-eyed, big-eared blue man. “That’s silly,” she said when her laughter subsided. 
I texted my mom, asking if I could take Liv to the beach. When she responded with her approval, I gave in with a sigh. “Fine, but you have no idea what’s involved with getting her ready to go.”
A half hour later we climbed into the car. I buckled her into the spare car seat my mom kept in the garage, tossed in her diaper bag stuffed full of everything she’d need, and then we were off.
The beach was fairly busy for a Sunday, with students and families enjoying a day off from work. We found a spot not far from the park and laid my blanket down. The guys took their shirts off. Adam almost blinded me with his fair skin, but being a redhead, it was to be expected. The contrast of Ethan’s white-blond hair and dark-tanned skin made me think he was outside quite often. His build was similar to Adam’s, not much taller than my five foot eight, but definitely wider. They were both starting to lift weights to increase their size. Up until tenth grade, Ethan was very scrawny and short. He had a growth spurt at the end of the year. “You guys go on ahead. I need to put her sunscreen and water wings on.”
“Are you sure? We don’t mind waiting,” Adam said absently, looking over at a couple of girls from school.
“Go, we’ll be there soon.” 
They smiled and took off, shoving each other into the water. I opened the diaper bag and pulled out her sunscreen, rubbing it all over her soft skin. Once I put on her hat and water wings, I tugged off my T-shirt to expose my black two-piece. It wasn’t skimpy like most girls’ on the beach. Even though my body was slim and tanned, I didn’t like to show it off. 
I took Livvy’s hand before heading to the water, where we sat down on the wet sand. She filled her bucket with water and poured it on my legs. I put my sunglasses on, lying back against the powdery sand. The sun kissed my face as I basked in the warm glow, and I cringed every time she poured the cool liquid on my warm skin.
I watched my friends with the two girls Adam had been looking at. They stood in the lake with the water up to their waists talking. Suddenly they picked up the girls, throwing them into the water. I smiled to myself, happy to see the two boys hitting it off with other girls. Since childhood, Adam had latched onto me and Kelly. He didn’t have any friends at the time, so we gladly accepted him into our group. Then Ethan moved into a house across the street from Adam, and they’d been inseparable ever since.
Adam looked over at me. “Get out here!”
I shook my head and pointed at Livvy, who was now digging sand and plopping it into her pail. He smiled and started to come over. I shook my head pointing to the girls. He stopped, grinned wickedly, and pushed the blond into the water again. She shrieked with laughter.
While the guys were having fun, and Livvy was entertained making mud pies, I glanced around the beach, looking for anyone I knew. A few kids from school were out lying on the sand soaking up the sun. Mr. and Mrs. Price, my mother’s friends, were there watching their kids swim a few feet away. Mrs. Price spotted me and waved. I smiled at her just as I felt a familiar pull to my left. I glanced over without thinking, and saw Logan coming out of the water. 
I stared at him. He was walking up the beach, water dripping off his chin and ears. His upper body was bare, but damp, showing off golden skin and muscles that lined his chest and arms. He was wearing navy blue flowered swim trunks that hung to his knees, and was holding a surfboard. When he turned and met my gaze, his expression didn’t change; he quickly turned back to say something to Jim. Apparently he was still mad at me. 
Jim was standing with two girls from school who were wearing dental floss for suits. Morgan and Alexa Jeremys. They were sisters who were a year apart in age, and inseparable. Morgan clung to Jim while Alexa sauntered over to Logan, touching his smooth chest with her hand. He backed up as if she’d burned him, and headed back toward the ocean. Before he went in, his head swung to look at me, his wet hair falling onto his forehead. His gaze held mine, and for several intense seconds, I couldn’t look away. 
I vaguely heard Livvy call my name as I watched Logan finally turn and step into the ocean. When I didn’t answer her, I felt cold water pour over my head, soaking my hair and shoulders. She stood in front of me and smiled. “That’s it, little girl, you’re in trouble.” I stood up and grabbed her, tossing her into the lake. She giggled as she stood up, wiping the water out of her eyes. “Again,” she shrieked in between giggles. 
Adam saw me throw her. “Hey, toss her over here.” 
“Get closer,” I said, holding her by one arm and foot. The girls he was with stopped jumping around as I threw Liv softly to Adam. He caught her just before she went under. Her giggles turned to shrieks again as he bounced her up and down in the water. The two girls oohed and ahhed at how cute he was with her. Ethan was right, she was a chick magnet.
After playing with Adam and Ethan for a while, Livvy announced she was hungry. I took her back to the blanket and gave her the lunch I packed earlier. She was bundled up in her princess towel leaning against me while she munched on her sandwich and apple slices. She had just finished her third piece of fruit when she fell against me in exhaustion. I glanced down to see her eyes closed; she was sound asleep. I cradled her in my arms as I watched Adam and Ethan swim. 




Chapter Five
Ice Cream for a Hot Day 

The atmosphere at work for the next few days was trying. With Logan giving me the silent treatment, and Sarah’s constant reminders of my promise to make things right, I was relieved each time my shift came to an end. But honestly, I wasn’t sure what to do. Kelly’s words were still stuck in my head. Did Logan really like me? If he did, and I apologized, would he try again to change my mind about him? If that happened, I would have no choice but to go through with her plan. It was the best way to get even, although it would be hard for me to go through with it. All of these thoughts entered my mind every time I thought of apologizing to him, so in the end I couldn’t. I was a coward. His silence was easy for me, and like all cowards, I took the painless route. 
I worked the early shift on Friday, one I avoided because of the early hour. Waking up at six was not my idea of fun. So needless to say, I was feeling a little grumpy when I made it downstairs, already dressed in my uniform with a change of clothes in my bag.
My mother dropped me off at seven, telling me that I would need to get a ride home because I was off before she finished her day at her accounting firm. I nodded, still feeling sleepy, and slowly made my way into the restaurant. I had to enter through the back entrance since we didn’t open for a half hour. I banged on the door and leaned back on the wrought iron railing. After five minutes of waiting, I banged again; still nothing. I was getting quite impatient, and even more grumpy, standing outside in a vacant lot. I raised my hand to pound on the door when it suddenly swung open. My closed fist hung in the air right in front of Logan’s face. He scowled at me, turned, and walked away. 
I followed behind him, making my way to the breakroom. I glanced at the schedule and cringed. Since the mall didn’t open until nine, we weren’t very busy for the first few hours, so we only had one waitress, and few kitchen staff. Unfortunately, I was working with only Logan and his father for the first two hours. 
Trying to build up some enthusiasm, I headed out to the dining room. I set all the tables, filled the condiments that needed it, and then headed into the kitchen.
“Good morning, Lisa!” Nick bellowed, ridiculously cheerful for this ungodly hour. “Is the dining room ready?”
“Yes,” I said, trying not to look at Logan, who was chopping potatoes without looking up.
“Well, we don’t open for ten minutes, how about you help Logan?” 
Logan’s head spun to look at his dad. “I don’t need help, Dad.”
Nick took out a clump of butter from what appeared to be a vat, and plopped it onto the grill. It sizzled and danced, melting on the hot surface. “Logan.” That one word sounded like a lecture.
I reluctantly stood beside the person who was constantly in my thoughts, and started to peel potatoes. 
Logan continued to cut them into cubes without a word to me. 
After ten minutes of awkward silence, Nick asked me to go open the front doors. I tossed my potato into Logan’s pile and left the kitchen. 
Turning the lock and propping the door open, I stepped out into the mall. Although the stores were closed, the outside doors were open. The wide hallway was empty and eerily quiet. I stepped up to the glass doors, my footsteps echoing through the wide corridor, and peered out at the parking lot. Of course, it was empty. When I turned around, I almost bumped into the security guard. He was dressed in a navy blue uniform that helped stretch out his physique, which was as short as he was wide. His bald head was so shiny, it almost showed my reflection. “Hey, Carl, how are you doing today?”
“Not bad, Lisa. Any customers out there?” He nodded out the doors.
“Not yet.”
“Well, enjoy the quiet, because it won’t last.” He smiled and added his usual wink.
“Can I treat you to a coffee?” I asked, heading back to the restaurant’s entrance.
“No thanks, I picked some up on the way here.” He nodded at me as he walked away and turned the corner.
I spun around, colliding into a white muscular wall. I glanced up into Logan’s eyes. “What are you doing?” he growled.
I stepped away from him; he smelled of cologne and melted butter. “I was looking to see if anyone was in the parking lot, and then said hi to Carl. Why?”
“My dad wondered why it was so quiet.” He didn’t wait for a response before he turned around, stomping through the door of the restaurant. 
I caught up to him at the hostess stand. “Logan, wait.”
He stopped and slowly turned around; his hazel eyes that usually sparkled with humor were now flat.
“I’m sorry, okay. I shouldn’t have snapped at you last week.”
His eyes narrowed, studying my face. After a few seconds, his lips turned up into a smile, and the sparkle returned to his eyes. “I knew you’d apologize. You’re too nice of a person not to.”
“How can you say that? You just told Sarah last week that I never speak to you, and when I do I’m rude.”
“Yeah, but I know that’s not who you are.” His eyes were warm. “I forgive you. Can we be friends now?”
That was the question I’d been asking myself for the last week, and I had no idea what the answer was. But I couldn’t say no. He was my boss’s son, my co-worker, and not to mention my friend’s boyfriend’s brother. There could only be one answer. “Sure,” I said with a smile I hoped looked genuine.
His smile widened as he gave me a nod and then turned around, disappearing into the dining room. A few seconds later I heard the kitchen doors swing open and shut. 
“Oh God, what have I done,” I mumbled to myself, looking up at the crisp white ceiling.
“Excuse me, are you open?” a voice from behind me asked. 
I spun around to see a man and a woman waiting in the doorway. “I’m so sorry, yes, come on in.” Since Andrea, who was our new hostess after I changed positions, didn’t start until nine, I grabbed a couple of breakfast menus and led them to a table in my section.
After I took their order, I headed back into the kitchen to give it to Nick. Logan looked up and smiled but didn’t speak. His smile was enough to make my knees go weak. Damn, I was heading for trouble. How could someone feel two different emotions for one person? Every time he flashed his smile, I loved and hated him at the same time. I walked out into the dining room, confused and angry at myself. 
A few new people stood at the hostess stand. I seated them and went to fill drink orders from my customers before I checked on the first order. 
It was steady for the next couple of hours, but not so busy that I couldn’t handle it on my own. 
Karen, Lucas, and Sarah came in at nine, and I was allowed to take a break. Unfortunately, since the rest of the kitchen staff also showed up, Logan was in the breakroom taking a sip of orange juice when I walked in.
I sat down across from him and opened my bottle of fruit juice. He smiled at me as he flipped the page of the book he was looking at. I glanced down; a cookbook. “So, was that your sister with you at the beach?”
I nodded. “Yes, we went with my friends Adam and Ethan.”
“She’s getting big. I haven’t seen her since she was a baby.”
“You remember my sister?” I asked in surprise. 
He smirked at me. “I’m not as self-absorbed as you think.”
“Oh,” was all I could think to say to that. I rubbed the outside of my juice bottle and scribbled designs on the table top with the condensation. 
He cleared his throat and glanced down into his glass. “So Adam…is he the guy you’re dating?”
Since I still wasn’t sure if I was going to change plans, I needed to keep my options open. “I’m not dating anyone. I only said that so you’d stop pestering me.”
“You hate me that much; you’d make up an imaginary boyfriend?” His eyes were wide with disbelief.
“I don’t hate you. You just caught me off guard.”
He narrowed his eyes. “I’m not sure I believe you, but time will tell.”
His intense stare made me feel like he could read my mind. I needed to distract him. “You looked like you were having fun at the beach. Are you dating Alexa?”
He shook his head. “No, I just went for a surf and ran into Jim and the sisters.” I raised an eyebrow. “That’s what he calls them. Anyway, I haven’t seen him for a while, so we talked for a bit, but they left before I came out of the water.”
Was it me, or did he sound defensive? “You don’t have to explain yourself to me.”
“I’m not.” The silence stretched out. “Well, my break is up.” He shut his book, tossed it onto the counter, and waved before walking out of the room.

A few hours later I was filling a drink order when Sarah came up behind me. “Thank you.”
I turned around to answer, knowing what she meant. “It was hard to work with him when he was so angry at me.”
She raised her eyebrows and smiled. “Sure, that’s why.”
“It is.”
“Mmm hmm,” she mumbled as she headed into the kitchen. I had one more table to get rid of, and my shift was over. I couldn’t wait to get out of here. 
Ten minutes later, I stood in front of the schedule to see who I should ask for a ride home. The door opened, and in walked Logan. “You off?” he asked as he opened his locker. His fingers moved to the buttons on his white chef’s coat, unfastening them.
My gaze shifted back to the schedule. The white paper was much safer to look at than his smooth, muscular chest. “Yes.”
“I didn’t see your mom’s car outside, do you need a ride?”
Oh man, how I wished that someone’s name would jump off the paper. But the truth was, we were the only two off now. If I didn’t take his offer, I’d have to wait two hours. As much as I hated doing it, I said, “Sure, that would be great.” I turned back towards him just as he pulled on a navy blue V-neck T-shirt. 
“Cool, let’s go.” I followed him out to the dining room, waving at Sarah and Lucas. 
The air was hot and sticky outside as we walked to his car. Thankfully he had parked close, and once inside his oven-like sports car, he blared the air-conditioning. 
He turned the ignition and pulled out onto the busy street. “Are you in a hurry to get home?” he asked.
His question startled me, making me nervous and tense at being in such a small space with him longer than necessary. The usual pulse vibrated in the air, mixed with his scent, I didn’t know how long I could stand to be here with him. “No,” I said without thinking.
His eyes brightened, and a small smile appeared on his face. “Okay, then, how about you buy me an ice cream cone to go with that apology?”
My eyes widened. “Are you serious?”
He chuckled. “No, but I’ll buy you one.”
A laughed snuck out. I closed my mouth to stop it.
“You can laugh, you know. It was funny.”
I rolled my eyes. “You know, Logan, you’re not as funny and charming as you think you are.”
“I said funny, you’re the one who mentioned charming.” He wiggled his eyebrows up and down.
I sucked in a breath, tightening my lips together, trying not to laugh. When my cheeks heated, I turned away from him so he wouldn’t see my blush. Thankfully he pulled into the small ice cream shack parking lot beside Funville, an amusement park for kids. The building was round, covered in a dark gray wood. There were two large windows where you placed your order and picked it up. A large cardboard strawberry ice cream cone hung beside the first window. 
We climbed out and stood in a line with about four people ahead of us. Two little twin girls with brown braids did a little dance while chanting, “I want ice cream, I want ice cream.” I smiled at them, thinking about what Livvy would look like in a few years. I turned to glance at Logan, and took a step back. He was watching me intently.
“Um…did your mom dress you and Lucas in matching clothes?” I nodded at the girls, who wore twin pink dresses. 
He chuckled, nodding his head. “Yes, and we looked liked a couple of dorks. If she ever asks if you want to see some old pictures of us, please say no.”
“I am so asking her to see those photos.”
He grinned mischievously. “Not before I burn them.” 
“You can’t burn your mother’s pictures,” I said, swatting his shoulder playfully.
“Fine, I won’t, but I can hide them.”
I laughed again as the people in front of us stepped aside with their ice cream. I ordered two scoops of rocky road while Logan picked three scoops of strawberry. I laughed at his choice. “What?” he asked innocently. “I like strawberries.” I giggled to myself as he paid for the order. We moved over to lean against the wall while it was filled. “What’s wrong with strawberry?”
“Nothing, if you’re a seven-year-old girl.” I glanced at the twins, and sure enough they each carried strawberry cones. It wasn’t that long ago that I chose my ice cream based on color. 
“Well, I’m secure enough in my manhood. I can have whatever flavor I want.” He leaned in close to me, his scent tickling my nose. I tried to act like his nearness had no effect on me, and rolled my eyes at him.
We sat at a picnic table facing the park, watching kids play on the slides and swings. After a couple of licks of chocolate, walnuts, and marshmallows, I sat back against the wooden table. “So what’s the worst picture?”
He paused with his ice cream hovering in front of his mouth, and groaned. “It’s hard to choose just one, but if I had to, it would be one of the two of us straddling a pony, wearing brown plaid overalls and gold shirts.” I laughed. “Oh, but that’s not all, our matching bowl hair cuts and missing teeth makes the photo perfect.”
I snorted with laughter at the image he put in my head. “How old were you?” I took another lick, rounding off the edges where it was starting to melt.
“Twelve,” he said, his face serious.
I snorted again, and bits of walnut shot from my mouth. “Seriously?”
He grinned and took a few licks of his pink ice cream while I waited for him to answer. He finally looked at me and smiled. “No, we were about four or five.” 
I gave his shoulder another swat. “Idiot,” I said dryly. 
We sat for a while, quietly watching the kids. Logan would make the occasional comment and make me laugh. It was surprising how relaxed I felt in his presence when my guard was down, and I wasn’t trying to hate him.
Loud male laughter erupted from behind. I turned around to see four teenagers about my age with their backs toward us. I focused on the redheaded one wearing what looked like designer shorts and T-shirt. Ah crap, Adam was here. Just as I was about to turn back around, he spotted me. A smile appeared on his face until he saw who was sitting next to me. He gave me a questioning glance before turning away.
“Hey, isn’t that your friends, the ones you were with at the beach?” Logan said from beside me. 
“Yeah, Adam and Ethan, I’m not sure who the others are. They must be Ethan’s friends.”
“Should we ask them to sit with us?”
“No, I’m finished anyway. I should get home.” I shoved the rest of my cone into my mouth and stood up. The ice cream was freezing, and hard to chew with so much in my mouth. He tossed his napkin in the garbage and we walked over to his car. 
We drove in silence for a while. I used the time to think about Adam and Ethan. I was embarrassed that they had caught me having a good time with Logan, especially after what I said the other night. Would they think less of me, knowing that he hurt me once, and was notoriously known for being a player with girls at school? I was actually glad they showed up. I forgot for a while what Logan did to me, and was truly enjoying his company.
“So what’s with your friends?” Logan said, interrupting my thoughts.
I looked up as he stopped at a stop sign. 
I waited until he started driving again before I answered. “What do you mean?”
“You seemed to be having fun, and for the first time appreciating what a great guy I am.” He grinned. “Then when they showed up, you went silent again. You haven’t said a word since we left.”
I sighed. “Sorry, I just have a lot on my mind.” I smiled, hoping to convince him nothing had changed. “So what are you doing tonight?” I asked, trying to distract him.
“Oh, big plans. Kyle and Andy are coming over to play Rock Wannabes.”
I hated video games. “Sounds like fun.”
“What about you?”
“Hanging out in my room, hiding from my dad. He’s dropping my sister off.”
“Oh, that’s right; your parents are getting divorced. Not handling it well?” he asked as he pulled into my driveway. 
“Sorry, but that’s something I really don’t want to talk about. It has nothing to do with you.”
He just nodded.
“Thanks, Logan, for the ride and the ice cream.” I opened the door and stepped out onto the black asphalt of my driveway. 
“You’re welcome. Next time, you buy the ice cream.” I raised my eyebrows and shook my head. He gave me his famous cocky grin before I shut the door. I watched from the front step as he pulled away.




Chapter Six
Dark Mood

My phone beeped, and when I looked at it, my mood plummeted.
I opened the door to the empty house and stepped inside. My mom was going shopping with a friend, taking the chance to get away since my dad was picking Livvy up from nursery school. He’d called me last night asking if I would go out to dinner with the two of them. He said he missed me, and was so sorry about his leaving, but he wished I could forgive him. I hung up and locked myself in my room for the rest of the night. The text just now was from him, asking if I’d changed my mind. Hopefully my lack of response would be his answer. 
I wiped the tears that fell on my cheeks and opened the fridge, staring blankly at the contents inside.
I didn’t see the half lemon cake sitting on the white plate, or the yogurt in the red tin sitting in the middle shelf. My mind played my father’s words from last night over and over again. I pushed them to the back of my brain and grabbed a soda.
Then I bounded upstairs to blast my stereo. Tina Ferret, a singer who wrote man-hating songs, as Adam put it, screamed from the speakers; it was perfect for my mood. Since I was feeling dark and angry, I went to the bathroom and coated my eyes with thick black eye liner. Looking in the mirror, I grinned, not recognizing the girl staring back at me. Since I was already wearing dark clothes, I decided to go as far as I could take it, so I painted my fingernails and toenails black. That was as far Goth as I went. I considered dying my hair a funky color, blue or pink, just to tick off my dad, but I didn’t have any hair color, and no car to pick it up with. Besides, it sounded messy, and I didn’t feel like cleaning.
A few hours later my mom came home. Adam and Ethan pulled in behind her. She let them in before I could tell her not to. I was sitting on my bed with my laptop open. 
They let themselves into my room without knocking. Adam frowned at my new appearance. “Your dad?” He knew me so well; sometimes I thought he understood me more than Kelly, more than anyone.
I shrugged my shoulders. “Whatever.” 
I continued to tap at my keyboard as he sat on my black chair, crossing his legs at the ankles. Ethan sat at the bottom of my bed and leaned against my wall. I ignored them while I typed a message to my cousin Sydney, who lived in Wisconsin. She had sent a note on the wall of my social page, telling me about her new cocker spaniel she named Wilbur. I asked her to send me a picture.
Ethan cleared his throat. “What were you doing with Logan?” He didn’t say it in any kind of negative way, but since my emotions were all over the place, I took it that way. Besides, why did he care, we didn’t really know each other that well. 
I pushed my computer off my lap and leaned back against my pillows. “I’m sorry, Dad; I didn’t know I needed your permission to have an ice cream cone with a co-worker who was nice enough to give me a ride home.” 
Ethan’s eyes widened. “I didn’t mean to offend you, I was just curious.” Well, now I felt stupid.
“Yeah, but you know he doesn’t do anything out of the goodness of his heart. He probably wants something from you,” Adam added. 
My head swung between them, and I suddenly felt like they were ganging up on me. “Please spare me your bitching, okay? There was no one else to give me a ride.”
Adam looked offended; I didn’t mean to snap at him. “I just don’t want you to get hurt. Don’t you remember how devastated you were the last time you were with him?”
“Of course I do, but maybe it’s time to let it go, like Kelly said.”
Ethan leaned forward. “And do what? Date the guy, so he can hurt you again? He played a sick joke on you, how can you even think of letting him get close to you?”
I frowned at the memory. “Do you really think it was a joke?” I asked, and both of them nodded.
“What else could it have been?” Adam said softly.
Of course they were right. No other explanation made sense, and it wasn’t like I was about to ask Logan. “Okay, you’ve convinced me. Now will you leave? I’m not in the mood for visitors.”
They both stood up, taking turns to give me a hug, and then they left, closing the door quietly behind them.
Tears stung my eyes, as I thought about Logan, my dad, and how men always disappointed me. I lay back on the pillows and closed my eyes. I fell asleep, comforted by the nothingness in my brain. 
The creak of the door woke me. I opened one eye to see my mom hovering in the doorway. “What?” I said dryly.
She sat down on the edge of my bed, gently stroking my forehead with the back of her hand. “You missed your dad. He was hoping to spend some time with you.” Her voice was as soft as her touch.
“Not interested,” I mumbled. 
“Honey, will you tell me why you’re so angry at him? We both made this decision. Why are you only punishing him?”
I couldn’t tell her why; I hated to think about it. But he was the one who moved out, and that was reason enough. “Mom, I’ve had a bad day, okay. I don’t want to talk about it.”
She studied my face and lifted my hand. “Black makeup, black nails? What’s next, a studded dog collar and eyebrow piercings?” She dropped my hand, and it fell onto my soft cotton sheets.
I cringed at the thought. “Maybe,” I mumbled, turning to face the wall.
“Should I be worried? First the dark red walls, and black…” She glanced around my room. “Everything else. And now this.” She gestured to my face, nails, and clothes. “Honey, do you need to talk to someone professionally, to help get you through the divorce? We could go as a family.”
I groaned, shifting my position to face her. “No, Mom. I’m fine. I wear black a few times, and you’re ready to commit me?”
“It’s not just that, and you know it. And one session with a therapist is far from committing you.” Her voice that had been gentle now held an air of annoyance.
“Mom, I’m tired, can we talk about this later?” I stared down at my tan-colored carpet, trying to keep from making eye contact.
She stood up and slowly made her way to the door. “Okay. How about some Chinese food and a movie?”
Not my idea of a good time, but I’d already given her enough crap. “Sounds good, Mom. I’ll be down later.”
She smiled at me before walking out of the room.
My early rising this morning was creeping up on me, and I soon fell back to sleep. This time my mind was not empty, but filled with a presence I couldn’t identify. I was standing in an unfamiliar, wooded area. Someone was hovering in front of me, but I couldn’t see his face. The wind whipped leaves, dirt, and branches swirling around us. The person was male, and he was angry at me, but whenever I tried to identify him, he seemed farther away. But the anger that radiated from him was still in full force. 
“Who are you?” I yelled at the figure, who now appeared to be more of a shadow. He was so far away now, I could barely see him. A dark laugh floated toward me, echoing through the trees. I chased him to where I had last seen him, a large, skeleton-like oak tree, and he was gone. 
I woke with a start, a feeling of betrayal lingering without knowing the reason for it. 
I rubbed my eyes, and reached for my soda that was still sitting on my nightstand. It was warm. The bubbles burned as it flowed down my throat. But it was liquid, and helped clear my mind of the gloomy dream. My nap did not help my frame of mind, only made it worse. I got up and headed for the shower. Out in the hallway I heard the doorbell. With the thought of egg rolls, I rushed into the bathroom and quickly stripped. 
The stream of water that poured over me did wonders to clear my mind, and by the time I stepped out of my room wearing a pink tank top and gray and white striped boxer shorts, my spirits were much higher.
We watched a new release DVD my mother picked up at the video store. It was a romantic comedy starring a guy I had never seen before, but who was really good looking. The food was delicious, and it was kind of fun just hanging out alone with Mom. Olivia was sleeping, so we could enjoy a quiet night and actually hear the TV.
Mom went to bed shortly after the movie ended, but with my late afternoon nap, I wasn’t tired. Instead, I went outside and sat on the porch swing, listening to my MP3 player, with my laptop opened onto my social page. I hadn’t been on it in awhile, and I wanted to read what everyone was up to.
The air was warm with a slight breeze. The faint sounds of my neighbor’s doors shutting and car engine roaring to life were drowned out by the new indie band that sang out from my ear buds. 
My neighbor’s golden retriever strolled out from their backyard and headed across the quiet road. He sniffed at the Murphys’ garbage, and then cocked his leg, peeing on the metal, making a metallic thrumming sound. When he finished, he shook himself and moved on to the next house, peeing on their trash bin. I watched with a grin as he marked every garbage can on the block. 
When he apparently ran out of liquid, he toddled over to my step and stared up at me. His tongue hung out of his mouth as he panted, asking permission to interrupt my peaceful evening. After I nodded, he climbed the three steps, lying down with a sigh on the concrete beside my swing. His head nestled onto his front paws.
He kept me company while I read posts on my message wall. As I caught up on Kelly venting about a fight with her brother, a little message box popped up on the screen. It simply said, “Hi.” At first I thought it was Kelly until I read the name—Ethan Harris.
With a sigh, I typed in, “Hi.”
I waited a few seconds, until the words “what are you up to?” came up.
I responded, telling him what I was doing, and asked what he wanted. He told me he was bored, and saw that I was online. So we typed back and forth for the next two hours. I was surprised that I enjoyed our cyber chat. I learned that he had an older sister that was married, and he had just become an uncle a week ago. I told him about how hard it was to sleep when Livvy was a baby. He thought it was funny that his sister would have to endure that for the next few months. 
When my eyes started to droop, I said goodbye to my new friend, glad that I had gotten to know him better.
Once inside, I watched the dog from my window as he let himself in the doggie door on the side of his house.
That night I had another dream. The pier was crawling with soldiers and women searching for their loved ones. The crowd was loud, and full of celebration. The war was finally over, and most of our soldiers were home and safe. I pushed through the crowd looking for him, hoping I could ease the worry for his mother. I had been sent to find him since I was so close, working at the church. I was wearing my white nurse’s uniform; my hair was curled, and pulled up under my white bonnet. Soldiers whistled, grabbing at me as I searched. I looked into the faces, but no one was familiar. “Can I help you find someone, miss?” 
I stopped and glanced up into the most handsome face I had ever seen. He was tall, with dark brown thick hair and sparkling hazel eyes, strong cheek bones, and a friendly smile. He was wearing the garb of a captain; his hat was in his hand. “I’m looking for Corporal Davis from the second unit.”
He lost a bit of his smile. “Sure, come with me, and I’ll help you find your husband.”
“Oh no, he’s not my husband. He’s my childhood friend. I promised his mother I’d find him.” I bowed my head slightly. “I’m not married.”
His smile brightened as he held out his hand. “Well then, come with me.” 
Not accustomed to taking the hand of a stranger, I hesitated, but there was something about this man that seemed familiar, and his eyes told me that I could trust him. I took his hand, feeling a delightful spark that sent shivers dancing up my arm. He pulled me into the madness of celebrating bodies, and we got caught up in the cheers, joining in the celebration. I felt comfortable with this man, almost as if I was home.
I sat up in bed, excited and annoyed that Logan haunted my dreams yet again. The sun peeked through my black curtains, shining into my eyes. My digital clock read seven a.m. I didn’t have to be at work until ten, but with my extra sleep yesterday I was wide awake. 
I lingered in the shower longer than necessary, and once I was toweled off, I picked out jean shorts and a light blue T-shirt. After I dried my long blond hair, I pulled it back in a ponytail for work. I stuffed my uniform in my bag and was ready for when my mother took me to the restaurant.

“Lisa, I’m sorry, but you’ll have to take the bus today. Olivia is running a fever. I’m going to take her over to the clinic for a checkup,” my mother said when I appeared in the kitchen doorway.
Ah crap, I hated taking the bus. “Can’t you wait until nine thirty to go, and then you can take her after you drop me off?” I glanced at Livvy, sitting at the table, her head lying against the cold wooden surface. Her cheeks were flushed, her eyes heavy. I felt a stab of guilt at my selfishness.
“Lisa, your sister is sick.” Her voice was filled with disappointment.
“I know, and I’m sorry, but I hate taking the bus.”
“Well, I told you that your father and I would split on a car if you saved up half. You’ve been working for over two years, and I haven’t seen any money from you. So if you have to take the bus, that’s your own fault.” She grabbed her coat, picked up Livvy, and opened the back door. “Call your dad and tell him what’s going on. He’s supposed to pick her up again to take her to the park. Tell him that I’ll call when I know more.” She didn’t wait for me to answer, just the shut the door and rushed to her car. I watched Livvy wave from the back seat as they pulled out of the driveway.
Crap, I had to take the bus and call my dad; what a great way to start the day. How would it end, with a root canal? If I wasn’t angry at my father for leaving us, I’d ask him to drive me. But since he moved out to a condo downtown, I hadn’t really been in the mood to ask him for anything. I took a couple of raspberry breakfast pastries out of the freezer and popped them into the toaster. 
Reluctantly, I took out my phone and hit speed dial to a number I barely used, and waited for the ringing to stop. “Lisa, is everything okay?” His voice was panicked; of course it would be. I’d only called him a few times during the last few months. 
“Yes, Mom told me to call you.” I paused as he breathed a sigh of relief. “Livvy has a fever, so she took her to the doctor. She said she’d call you later.”
“Okay, well thanks for calling.” There were a few seconds of uncomfortable silence, and then he said, “Do you need a ride to work?”
Yes. “No, I’d rather take the bus.”
He sighed. “Lisa, when are you going to forgive me?”
“Oh, look at the time, I have to go. Bye.” I hung up with another stab of guilt.
Since I had to take the bus, I needed to leave early. The bus route took forever to get to the mall. Man, I needed a car. My mom was right, I should have had my half of the money by now, but I used it to pay off my spies. 




Chapter Seven
New Plan

I stepped off the bus a few blocks from the mall. I was early, so I took my time, glancing around at the people walking along the sidewalks. The sky was overcast with the threat of rain. My coat was balled up in my bag just in case.
I was almost to the restaurant when I saw the car lot that I passed every time I went to work. And even though I had wanted to, I never had the guts to go into the lot and look around. Today I did. All it took was a trip on the bus to work up my nerve. The name of the place was Caldwell Cars. The building itself was small, with white siding and a large window. There were rows of vehicles in front, with the newest closest to the road. The older vehicles lined up along the side of a fence, toward the driveway to the back. 
I walked along the older, cheaper cars, looking for one I could afford. I stopped at a 1999 forest-green compact car, dropping my black bag to the ground as I strolled over for a closer look. It had almost three hundred thousand miles on it, and a price of three thousand dollars. I didn’t know that much about cars, but I knew that the miles were way too many, and I didn’t have fifteen hundred to pitch in for my share. I was lucky if I had five hundred dollars, and I only had that because Logan had stopped being an ass lately. Of course, it couldn’t last. He’d screw up eventually, and I’d be out some cash.
“What are you doing here?” The voice that interrupted my thoughts was strong, deep, and very familiar. It was also the last voice I wanted to hear. I spun around and watched Logan walking toward me from the back of the building. “I’m just looking.” I picked up my bag off the hard pavement and started to walk away.
“Are you looking for a car?”
I stopped, sighed, and turned back to him. He was so good looking. His once short, tousled, styled hair was now growing out. I missed the messy look. The urge to run my fingers through it constantly surprised me. 
“Helloo, Lisa, are you going to answer me?” 
Oh shit, staring at his perfect coffee-colored hair and gold-specked hazel eyes turned my brain to mush. “I’m sorry, what did you say?”
“I asked if you were looking for a car.”
“No, only dreaming. I took the bus and arrived early, so I was just looking around,” I stammered, feeling restless. I hated that just the sight of him made me swoon. “I can’t afford one right now anyway.”
“How much do you have?”
I narrowed my eyes. “Why?”
His ran his fingers through his thick hair in frustration. “Just answer the question.”
“A thousand, maybe more, but not much.”
His lips turned up slightly, eyes narrowed as though he was assessing me. He didn’t speak, just studied my face, and then suddenly…smiled.
“What? Why are you looking at me like that?”
“I have the perfect car for you.” His grin was so wide it made me smile even though I hated to do it. “Come here.” He nodded his head to the back of the office and started walking. When he realized I wasn’t following, he stopped. “Come on, I want to show you something.” When I still didn’t move he said, “Fine, but you don’t know what you’re missing.” He started walking again, and when he turned the corner, I couldn’t take the suspense any longer.
I followed him to the back and found him standing in front of a navy blue sporty-looking car. He turned to face me, and smiled. What do you think?”
I was speechless; there were no words for what he was looking at. “Um…it’s something.” It was a pretzel was what it was. The roof was smashed in, and every door was dented. The only window that wasn’t smashed was in the back left door.
“It is, isn’t it?” His smile was so bright his eyes lit up. What the hell was he seeing?
“Are we looking at the same thing?” I asked, placing my hands on my hips.
“I don’t know, what do you see?”
“Ah…a smashed-up car.”
“I see a beautiful, shiny red sports car, almost as nice as mine.”
“How can you say that thing is almost as nice as yours?”
He turned away from the wreck, staring past me. “Because that’s what my car looked like before Dad, Lucas, and I rebuilt it.”
My eyes bugged out. “What, you rebuilt that?” I asked, nodding my head to the front of the lot where he had parked.
His eyes met mine. “Yep, and Lucas’ car too. My grandfather was a mechanic and my dad grew up fixing them. He loves cars. A friend of my dad’s owns this lot. He keeps an eye out for old wrecks and gives him a good deal. We had so much fun rebuilding both of them, but when mine was finished, and I got my license, I kinda blew them off. I never did it again.”
“Did they rebuild another one?’
“Yeah, a 1969 roadster, but I was too busy partying to help.” He paused and turned away. “I miss it, though. I asked Dad to tell Manny to let me know if he got another wreck, so we could rebuild it and sell it. And Manny called today after Lucas and Dad left. I stopped on the way to work to check it out.”
“I don’t get it. How could something like this turn out like your car?”
“Easy. First of all, you could get this at a great deal, only a couple of hundred, and then you look at junkyards and wreckers for parts. I would do all the labor for free, and over time you’ll have a great car for a good deal.” 
What did his rebuilding a vehicle have to do with me? “What are you saying?”
“I’m saying that if you want a car, I will redo this for you.” He waved his hand at the blue pretzel in a ta-da motion.
Again, I was speechless. How could I hate this guy when he was offering me something I had wanted forever? Of course, now I was suspicious. “Why would you do that?”
“Because I want to rebuild a vehicle, and I don’t need to keep it. You need one.” He pointed at me. “But I have one condition.” I knew he’d have ulterior motives. I folded my arms in front of me, waiting. “I’ll work on the car, but you have to help.”
I shook my head. “I don’t know anything about cars.”
“You will when we’re done.” He winked at me.
I wasn’t thrilled with the idea of spending so much time with Logan; I was afraid to forget about what he did to me. I knew how easy it would be to fall for him, and I just couldn’t let myself do that. But a car? My parents didn’t make that much money and since there were now two households, I knew they couldn’t afford much. “Thanks, Logan, but I can’t ask you to do that.”
“What is it that you object to? The car or spending time with me?”
My God, when did he get so damn observant? I had been sabotaging him for years without his knowledge, and in the last few weeks, he’d been calling me on things I thought would be over his head. “Both,” I said as I turned around, heading back to the front of the lot.
“Whatever, it’s your loss.” I could hear him following me. “Have fun walking to work.”
I spun around. “Why are you doing this?” I glared at him. “Honestly.”
He took a step back, surprised by my sudden movement. His face grew serious for a moment, and then he took a deep breath. “Because…I want you to see that I’m not a bad guy.” 
Wow, the sincerity that shone from his eyes almost had me believing that he had changed. Until the image of him and Sasha Martin tangled on a bed popped in my head. The scene broke my heart yet again.
Despite my hatred for him, I did need a car, and maybe I could pull off Kelly’s plan. He’d finally see how much he hurt me. 
But could I do that to him when he was rebuilding a car for me, something that I wanted so badly? 
Yes, I believed I could, after all. Maybe I could come up with some extra money and pay him for the labor. I didn’t want to owe him anything. I would just have to make sure I didn’t lose myself in his presence like I did yesterday. Adam and Ethan helped me see that Logan wasn’t my friend, and never would be. 
“Why do you care what I think of you?” I asked suspiciously.
“Because you’re Sarah’s friend, and Mom and Dad love you. You’re close to everyone in my family but me. I’d like to change that.” He shrugged, waiting for a reaction. He shook his head when he didn’t get one. “What do you say, can we be friends?” Being friends with him was not a concern. If it wasn’t for those damn dreams, maybe I could leave it at that.
I smiled at him. “Okay, when do we start?”
He beamed back at me. I had seen him happy before, but never like this. His face seemed to glimmer. He took my breath away. I had made him so happy just by letting him rebuild a car for me. Man, I was in trouble. 
He took my hand, and before I knew what was happening, I was in his car driving to work, and he was planning our next step. All I could do was nod. 
Everything was happening so fast, and inside the restaurant, it grew worse. His dad and Lucas got involved. We all stood around the prep counter in the kitchen while the three of them talked excitedly. If I wanted to add anything, I didn’t get the chance. No one could get a word in between their excited ramblings. It was like a shoe sale for my mother and me.
By the time my shift started, the plan was that we were to pick up the car right after work. His dad called his friend, and Logan was able to borrow a tow truck as long as he returned it afterward. 
“So how do you feel?” Karen asked, coming up to me when I stood at the drink machine filling an order. The scent of gardenias followed her.
“Overwhelmed.”
She laughed. “You really made their day. They love this whole car thing. They’ve rebuilt cars to sell, but it means more when they know the person who will be driving it.”
“I had no idea what I agreed to.”
She grew serious. “Are you okay with spending so much time with Logan?” 
Why would she ask me that? “Why?” She raised an eyebrow. “Oh, you mean because of the things I told you?” She nodded. “Of course. And besides, there’s nothing left to tell, right?”
“Thankfully, yes. I’m so proud of him.” She beamed with pride. It was an expression I’d rarely seen when she referred to her usually troubled son. And since she was like a second mother to me, I couldn’t take that away from her, even if there was something to tell her. 
“Um…you’ve never told Logan that it was me, did you?”
She smiled warmly. “No, and I never will.” She gave my shoulder a squeeze. “Can I ask you why you did it, though? I just assumed he hurt you in some way, given the way he used to behave. And if he did, he deserved every punishment I gave him, and more.”
This woman meant so much to me; I couldn’t find the words to lie. “Can I just say that it’s over now, and leave it at that?”
Her forehead creased with worry, but she smiled. “Okay, dear. I just want you to know that he really has changed. I know that in my heart.” She gazed into my eyes, and then hugged me. 
I smiled at her, feeling guilt like never before, as she made her way into the kitchen.

Logan took me home to grab my tips. I had been sticking them in an empty peanut butter jar after every shift, hoping I could use it for payment to my spies. However, now that I was considering a different route for revenge, I could put them to better use. Manny had told Nick he’d take one hundred and fifty dollars for the car. I had more than that, but I took the whole jar anyway.
Logan laughed at my money container when I climbed back in next to him. 
It took us an hour to pay, load the car, and tow it to Logan’s, where I watched in amazement as he backed into the garage, car first, avoiding the garage walls perfectly. “You’ve done this before,” I said, unable to hide my surprise.
“Once or twice.” He shrugged his shoulders like it was no big deal after he climbed out of the white rusted truck. He bent down and unhooked the car, reeling the tow rope back up into the back of the truck. “Okay, let’s take this back and get something to eat.” How long was he planning to keep me here?
I hopped up into the front seat, watching him close the garage door. The front of the cab smelled of oil and coffee. The ripped leather was caked with grease and dirt.
He pulled out onto the empty road. They lived on the outskirts of Brownridge, with hardly any neighbors, so there wasn’t much traffic. “Are we going to work on the car tonight?” I asked with a gulp of anxiety at the thought of spending too much time with him.
“No, but Lucas and Sarah will be back later and we were hoping to explain to you what will happen next.” I wasn’t sure why I needed to spend hours with him just to hear what would probably take ten minutes to say.
“Okay,” I said, only because I couldn’t think of anything else.
After we had taken the tow truck back, he stopped at a drive-thru, loading my lap with paper takeout bags before heading back to his house.

“So, what happens now?” I asked from where I sat on a blue milk crate surrounded by tools and machines. My fries and burger lay out on my bare legs. The house was empty with, I was sure, lots of comfy chairs and even tables, but he chose to eat in the garage facing my new pretzel-shaped car. We had arrived back to his house, and now we were waiting for his brother.
Logan swallowed his bite of burger, wiping his hands on a napkin. “Well, tomorrow I’m going to take the roof and door panels off, so I can start hammering out the dents. Are you off?” 
Something just occurred to me. I narrowed my eyes at him. “Isn’t it strange that since I became a waitress we have almost the same shifts?” 
He raised his eyebrow in thought. “Hmm, that is weird. I’ve never noticed until now.” 
“Yeah, right,” I mumbled.
“Do you think I had something to do with this?”
I nodded. “Yes, I do.”
He grinned, popped a fry into his mouth, and shook his head. “Nope, just a coincidence.”
I didn’t believe him but left it alone. 
I lifted each of my legs, shifting my weight from side to side on my milk crate.
“Something wrong?”
My cheeks heated as I grinned sheepishly. “My butt’s asleep.”
He chuckled. “You know, I think we have some lawn chairs in here somewhere.” He finished off his burger and balled up the wrapper, tossing it into a large garbage bin behind me. 
After a quick search along a very cluttered wall, he found them hanging on a hook behind a black mountain bike. He held two chairs up in triumph.
He handed me the red one, while he took the blue.
“So, how long are we going to stare at this wreck?”
He glanced at me in shock. “How dare you say that about your new baby. She can hear you.”
I laughed. “She?”
“Yes, if you’re good to your car, it will be good to you.”
I watched his face for a smile to see if he was joking. But he looked serious. I tried to hide my grin until a giggle escaped.
“You’re laughing at me?”
Now the laughter erupted out of me, and I was unable to even try to hide it. He sat straight-faced while I laughed, patiently waiting for me to stop. But his blank expression only made me laugh harder.
“What’s so funny?” a deep voice asked from behind me. The laughter stopped abruptly when I turned around to see Lucas standing in the doorway of the garage, hand in hand with Sarah.
“Your brother.”
They both walked over and stood next to me while Logan retrieved two more chairs. Sarah sat down beside me. “That’s true, but what specifically this time?”
I wiped a tear that had fallen during my laughing fit. “Oh, he was talking about cars.” I glanced over at Logan. “What was it that you said? If you’re good to your car it will take care of you.” Sarah snorted a laugh. “Wait, there’s more.” I giggled slightly. “When I called the car a wreck he said, “How dare you say that to your new baby, she’ll hear you.’” I laughed again, but this time Lucas and Sarah joined in. 
Logan punched Lucas on the shoulder. “Okay, I get it. It’s hilarious.” He rolled his eyes as he headed over to the car. 
From then on, he and Lucas discussed what to do. They opened the doors and climbed in, looking at the inside panels, and then crawled under the car. Sarah and I just watched in disbelief; neither of us had ever seen them like this.




Chapter Eight
The Rebuild

Sarah offered to give me a ride home later that night.
She was quiet at first, except for a few exasperated sighs. I knew she wanted me to explain my involvement with Logan, but I didn’t feel like it. Let her work for it. Instead, I fidgeted with the radio, tuning it to a different station.
She turned onto Main Street before she finally faced me. “So, things seem to be going well.” Her words were a statement not a question.
“Going well with what?”
“With Logan, dummy.” She rolled her eyes, turning back to the road ahead.
“Yeah, it was really nice of him to offer to fix this car for me.” But why was he doing it? Like my male friends continued to remind me, someone like Logan always had ulterior motives. And I was positive it wasn’t to prove he “wasn’t so bad” like he had said. Why did he care what I thought of him?
“It was nice, wasn’t it?” she said, emphasizing the word.
I nodded, not interested in encouraging the conversation.
“So, what’s going on between the two of you?”
Slapping my palms onto my bare legs, I sighed. “Nothing, we’re friends, and that’s it. I’m not interested in anything else, and never will be.” She rolled her eyes again as she stared out at the road ahead. “And besides, he doesn’t like me that way.”
She snorted but left it at that. Thankfully she turned onto my street before she could say anything else. 
“Thanks for the ride,” I said, leaning in the open door after I stepped out of the car. “Are you going to be there tomorrow too?”
“No, Lucas and I are going to the beach with Emma and Derrick. I’d ask you to come, but you are busy.” She said the last three words in a sing-song voice as she wiggled her eyebrows. 
I shook my head. “Goodbye, Sarah.” Soon after she pulled out, I heard Tina Ferret blaring out of her closed windows.
The house was quiet when I stepped up onto the porch, and I wasn’t surprised that the door was locked when I attempted to turn the knob. My mom wasn’t one to stay up late, since Olivia was an early riser. The clock read after eleven when I let myself in. I climbed the stairs quietly after locking the front door and turning out the light Mom had left on for me. 
“Lisa,” my mom whispered loudly from her bedroom, once I climbed the stairs.
I cracked her door open and stuck my head in. “Hey.”
“Where have you been?” she asked from her bed, where she lay reading a book. She wore her thin blue nightgown; her hair was pulled into a loose bun at the top of her head.
“At Nick and Karen’s.” I decided to use my boss’s names, so she wouldn’t get the wrong idea like Sarah obviously had. “Logan said he’d fix up a car for me. I bought one today.”
“What? How much did you pay?” She sat up straight, closing her book with a smack.
I smiled. “One hundred and fifty dollars.”
“Lisa, it sounds like a piece of junk.” Her voice took a higher pitch, a sure sign that she was worried. 
I stepped inside to lean against the door jamb. “It is. It was in an accident, but it’s a good year, and after Logan fixes it up, it’s going to look really good.”
She sighed. “Are you sure?”
“Yes, they did both Logan’s and Lucas’ cars. It’s a hobby for them.”
Her eyes narrowed. “Okay, how much will it cost all together?”
“Logan said between one to two thousand, over time. I have about seven hundred now, and I’ll save my tips.” 
“It sounds like you’ve thought this through.”
“I have, and I’ve been getting full-time hours, so I shouldn’t have a problem saving the money.”
She crossed her arms in front of her. Her book lay on the bed beside her, forgotten. “I thought you didn’t like Logan.”
“Apparently he’s changed. I’m going to try and give him a chance.”
“Well, getting you a good car for a great price is a step in the right direction.”
“We’ll see. Good night, Mom.” I started to shut the door, but stuck my head back in her room. “Oh, can I borrow the car in the morning? I’m going over to help Logan.”
“How long are you going to be?”
“Probably most of the day.”
“I’ll drop you off. I don’t want to be without it that long.” I thanked her and went to my own room.
After tossing my bag on the floor, I put a movie in the DVD player. It was too quiet; I needed a distraction. I didn’t want to think about my time with Logan. 
I changed into my pj’s and crawled into bed with my laptop. I was surprised to see that Ethan had messaged me. I opened a message box, and for the rest of the night he told me how he and Adam met up with the girls from the beach.

“My dear Jane, you must do me the honor of giving me your hand.”
I gasped, and glanced at Mary, my governess and dear friend. She was trying not to eavesdrop, while she sat on a bench in the west garden. Thomas had asked me to take a walk in the cool evening air. I squeezed his hand to pull him up off his knee, trying not to draw attention. “Oh, Thomas, are you sure?”
His beautiful hazel eyes sparkled. “I am more sure of you than of the sun rising on the morrow.” He pulled my hand toward his pale lips and kissed my knuckles. I blushed, marveling at the feel of his soft lips against my skin. “I had planned to ask your father this evening; however, I wanted to be sure you were in agreement.”
I blushed yet again. “Of course, Thomas. You know how I feel.”
His smile widened as he bowed in front of me. “Then I shall go and speak to your father now.” He hurried through the gardens, leaving me thrilled and nervous. I watched Mary approach me with a wide grin on her face.

I opened my eyes reluctantly. Out of all the dreams, this one was my favorite. I was Lady Jane Wyatt, and Logan was the Earl of Whitmore, Thomas Hillard. To be alive at a time with big dresses and fancy balls seemed exciting. Of course, I could do without the chamber pots and lack of showers. 
I couldn’t imagine where my imagination came up with these fantasies, but I used to have them so often they no longer surprised me. My infatuation for Logan when I first started high school was what brought them on. They had abruptly stopped a year and a half ago, after I came up with my plot to get revenge on Logan.
But now the dreams were back in full force; this one was my third in two weeks. I had been sure they were gone altogether. Why would they come back to haunt me now?

“Can you get a ride home, honey? I don’t want to wake Livvy up to go out and get you,” my mother asked after I opened my car door to get out at the house.
“Probably.”
“If not, call your dad.”
I just nodded as I slammed the door, watching her drive away, but really, like that would happen. I’d walk the twenty miles home before I would ask him for anything. 
“It’s about time you showed up,” Logan said from the garage door. He was wearing a black smudged white T-shirt and tattered jean cutoffs. A red baseball cap covered his thick, dark hair, and there was a black grease smear on his cheek. 
I smiled at his messy appearance. Was this the hottest boy in school who had the perfect wardrobe and hairstyle? I took a step toward him, and my hand jerked up to wipe the smudge off his cheek. I stopped myself just in time. Why would I do that? It felt so natural, to approach him, to touch his face. What was I thinking? “You got a little something right here,” I said, gesturing to my cheek, unable to hide my laughter. 
He rubbed his cheek and grinned. “Why are you so late?”
“I’m not, it’s only ten o’clock.” 
“I was out here at eight.” He stepped aside to let me into the garage.
“Eight, are you nuts?” I sat down on the chair I left out last night.
“Naw, just excited.”
For the next few hours, I watched him take the driver’s door off because he said it couldn’t be fixed, and I helped take out the windows. We didn’t take a break all morning, and I could tell he was enjoying every minute of it. 
At noon, he declared that we were finished demolishing the car, and after lunch we would head out to some wreckers, where they sold used car parts.
We took turns at the kitchen sink washing our hands. When they were as clean as we could get them, he told me to sit down while he made lunch. “Logan, you’re already rebuilding a car for me, why don’t you let me make lunch?”
With an eyebrow raised, he asked, “Can you cook?”
“I can make a sandwich,” I scoffed.
“And I’m sure it would be great, but I enjoy cooking, it relaxes me. But I will let you do the cleanup.”
“Deal.” I sat down at the table to watch as he prepared what he called ham and Swiss on a pita, and a spinach salad with raspberry vinaigrette.
First he mixed the salad in a bowl and placed it in the center of the table. “Is there anything I can do?” I asked, feeling helpless.
“You can get us a couple of sodas.” He nodded to the stainless steel fridge on the other side of the room.
I did what he said, choosing a bottle of juice for myself and a cola for him. “Where are the plates?” I asked, needing something else to do. I wasn’t sure what to talk about, and the silence was becoming awkward. 
He nodded to a cupboard next to him. “And the cutlery is in that drawer.” He gestured with his finger.
When there was nothing else for me to do, I watched him cut a pita in half and stuff it with ham, Swiss cheese, and Dijon mustard. He placed the halves in a large hot pan to brown each side, and then slid one on my plate. I took it, then handed him an empty plate. “So, when did you get into this? I didn’t know you cooked until your dad started to train you.”
He laughed softly. “No one knew. I worked really hard to piss my parents off, and that would only have made them happy.” He sat down across from me with his plate. “My dad’s been after one of us since we were kids to learn.”
I picked up my fork and took a bite of the salad. “Oh, that’s good.”
He smiled at my praise, a look of pride and embarrassment showing on his face. “Thanks, it’s my own dressing.”
I took a bite of the pita, and again was pleasantly surprised. “Wow, I had no idea. I’m sure I’ve tasted your cooking before, but I really can’t tell if it’s Nick’s or yours.”
“It’s mostly his recipes. If I experiment, it’s at home.”
I gobbled up a few more bites of each, and then looked up at him. He was chewing and staring down at his drink. I watched his face, feeling stunned. Who was this guy? He wasn’t the Logan I’d hated for years. This Logan was an awesome cook, who loved to work on cars, and was sweet enough to fix up a vehicle for me at no cost. And if that wasn’t enough, he also made me lunch. Could the self-centered ass that he used to be really have changed into someone who was kind and generous? I shook my head and smiled. 
“What?” he asked, his hand hovering in front of his mouth, about to take a bite of the pita he held.
I couldn’t tell him what I was thinking, so instead I asked, “When did you realize you liked to cook?”
“My first year of high school. The restaurant started to take off, and Lucas and I were left alone a lot. When I was by myself, I would try different dishes, and was surprised they actually tasted good.”
“I bet your dad’s happy.”
“Oh yeah. He said when I’m finished school, and experienced enough, I can be his partner, or he’ll help me open my own restaurant.”
“That’s awesome, Logan, I’m really happy for you.” I surprised myself by saying the words, but I realized I truly meant them.
He gazed at me, holding his spinach-filled fork up in the air. “Do you know what you’re taking once you’re finished with high school?”
“Hotel and restaurant management.”
His eyes widened. “Really?”
Since my mouth was full, I nodded then swallowed. “Yeah, your mother was my inspiration. You know you have great parents, right?”
“Yeah, I know.” We finished our food and put the dirty dishes in the dishwasher.
“So, if I open a restaurant, do you want to run it?”
I knew he was joking, but it was sweet of him to say. “Sure,” I said with a laugh. 
We took turns in the bathroom cleaning up, and after Logan changed into a red T-shirt and clean jean shorts, we headed out to his car.




Chapter Nine
Secrets

The first place we went to looked like a junkyard, but Logan called it a used auto part store. The building was sided with steel, and surrounded by vehicles, tons of smashed, broken trucks, motorcycles, and even a huge discarded transport with a massive dent along the trailer. 
Logan parked in the lot out front and went inside. I waited in the car, watching people come and go. Ten minutes later, he came out with a door in one hand and two small white boxes in the other.
He slid the door in the back seat and set the boxes between us. “Here’s your change. It didn’t cost as much as I thought.” When I held my hand out for him to drop the money, he placed it in my palm, lacing his fingers with mine. The spark tingled up my arm, reminding me to be careful about touching him. It had been awhile since I’d felt it, but that tingling pulse that lingered on my skin after his searing touch was hard to forget. I yanked my hand away, hoping he didn’t notice, but the slight smile on his face told me differently.
I looked out the window, feeling my cheeks heat up.
The car started, and he backed out of the lot. Instead of heading to the main road, he turned left. I was pretty sure there wasn’t anything in that direction but empty fields and junkyards. “Your house is that way.” I pointed behind me.
“I know. I’m not taking you there.”
“Where are you taking me?” I glared at him with obvious suspicion.
“You’ll see,” was his only response.
He drove for about ten minutes before pulling onto a narrow dirt road lined with wide towering trees. We followed the tunnel of pine and maple, until I was starting to worry about where he was taking me. Finally, the foliage cleared, and I was surprised at what I saw. Trains. 
Trailers, engines, cabooses, and tankers scattered the clearing surrounded by woods. He stopped on the side of the road and stepped out. It looked like a giant had dumped a train set onto a very large sandbox. 
“What the hell?” I asked, refusing to move from my seat. 
He went around the car to my door and opened it for me. “It’s a train graveyard. There used to be a train station about a mile away on the main road. These were left here after it was torn down.” He reached down, taking my arm to pull me out of the car. 
“Why are we here?” He linked his fingers in mine and tugged. When I refused to move, he pulled harder, leading me to the closest train car. 
He disappeared into the open door.
I sucked in a breath, fully aware that entering the small enclosed space alone with Logan was a big mistake.
I did it anyway. 
The room before me was dusty, with cobwebs scattered along the walls and the furniture, not to mention the possibility of mice and other creepy crawlers. The air was stale and musty, as though no other person had been in here for years.
It was…incredible.
We stood inside an old lounge car from a passenger train. There were deep wood-trimmed benches lined with cream and red velvet. A cherry wood bar with a wall of mirrors beyond sat against the wall. Light shone in from the windows, and sparkled off an enormous crystal chandelier that hung in the center of the room, creating lighted designs on the dreary walls. The whole space looked like it came from a train in the eighteen hundreds. “It’s beautiful,” I whispered.
He sat on one of the benches while I wandered around in admiration. “I found this place when I was sixteen, after looking for parts for Lucas’s car. I come here once in a while when I want to be alone.” 
I sat across from him, on a burgundy velvet bench. Dust floated up into the air when I plunked down. “Wow, I can’t believe this was just left behind.”
He stood up and held his hand out. “I want to show you something else.” I placed my palm in his, feeling just a small tremor of vibration. His hand was warm against mine.
He pulled me to the back of the car until we reached a narrow wooden ladder. He climbed up and out a hole at the top. “Come on,” I heard him say from a distance.
Reluctantly, I placed my shaky foot onto the wooden rung, making sure it would hold me. When my foot didn’t go through, I ascended the last few steps, escaping into the sunshine. I felt his hand on my arm pulling me the rest of the way. 
I stood up and gasped. We could see every railway car from up here. Red, blue, brown, and black steel trailers as far as the eye could see. We sat down and looked out onto the ground below us. 
He sighed peacefully. “It’s so quiet here.”
I leaned back, with my hands behind me for support. “I feel strangely small surrounded by these mammoth trains.”
He nodded. “For some reason I feel much better after a stressful day sitting up here listening to the wind rustling through the leaves and the loud cracks the steel makes in the hot sun.” We were quiet for a few moments, and as if on cue, a loud echoing bong rang out from a trailer nearby.
I raised an eyebrow in question.
“That’s the sound steel makes when it’s heated up.”
“So when do you want to work on the car again?” I asked after more silence.
“I’m off Wednesday, if you’re not busy.”
“What a surprise, I’m off too.” I smacked him on the shoulder, somehow knowing he had something to do with our matching schedules, even though he wouldn’t admit it.
He laughed. “Do you have any plans though?”
“No, Kelly asked me to go shopping, but I’m going to need all my money, won’t I?”
“Not necessarily. You’re going to get a great deal. The biggest cost will be the roof, windows, and paint.”
“Okay, I’ll be there.”
“Do you need a ride home today, or is your mom picking you up?”
“I thought maybe you could drop me off on the way home. If you don’t mind.”
He smiled. “Of course not.”
I studied him through narrowed eyes, wondering if this kind, sweet Logan was real.
“What are you looking at?” His smile widened. 
“You. You’re nothing like I thought.”
“I told you.”
“Unless you’re playing me.”
His smile vanished. “Why do you always assume the worst in me?”
“No reason.” I looked away, at the dirt road, trying to keep hold of my anger, but the more time we spent together, the harder it was to hate him. I spun my head to look at him. “Do you have any secrets, Logan?” 
His cheeks colored slightly, before he glanced away. “No, do you?” he asked with an eyebrow raised.
“Of course I do. But you first. Tell me one thing you’ve never told anyone.”
He paused, glancing down at his shoes. At first, I didn’t think he would answer, and then in a soft tone, he began speaking. “One day after school when I was eleven, I went back to the waterfall behind my house. Have you heard of it? Lucas and Sarah go there a lot.”
“Isn’t that where that psycho took Sarah, and you fell?”
He nodded. “Yep. It’s about a ten-minute walk in the woods behind our house.”
“I’m surprised they can still go there.”
“Sarah didn’t want to, but Lucas refused to let her stalker take anything away from them. He helped her face her fear.”
“You sound proud.”
“I am. I took him for granted for a while, but not anymore. He’s a good guy.”
“So, go one with your story.”
“Anyway. My parents didn’t have many rules, but the one we were expected to follow was that we were definitely not allowed to go to the waterfall alone.”
“Why?”
“Well, obviously there’s the rock cliff that I fell from, it’s about a twenty-foot drop, but there’s also the waterfall. Every once in a while the water dries up, and during this particular fall it did. It’s basically a pile of rocks, and it’s dangerous.”
I gasped. “Did you fall?” I was scared for the little boy he once was, even though he was sitting beside me perfectly fine.
He shook his head before going on with the story. “I’d had a bad day at school. I was jealous of Lucas. He got an A at something, and of course, I didn’t. So when we arrived home, I went out into the woods instead of listening to my mom gush about his high mark.” 
He took a breath. “I hadn’t been back there after the water dried up, and I wanted to climb up it. How often do you get to walk up a waterfall?” I nodded, and he continued. “I made it up to the main level that leads to Westville Road. There was a level spot about five feet up. I climbed a few large rocks to get over the edge, and when I finally made it, I heard voices. I stepped towards the bushes and peered over to see who it was.”
I was holding my breath, waiting to hear what happened. Was it a dead body? Did he break his arm, what? “What did you see?”
“A couple of teenagers making out.” He smiled.
“What?”
“At first they were just kissing, and I watched them.” My eyes widened. “Don’t look at me like that. I was an eleven-year-old boy.”
“What happened?”
“Like I said, at first it was just kissing, but then the guy took off the girl’s shirt, and I panicked. I fell backward, catching my foot on a rock, falling down the five-foot drop.” 
I giggled slightly. “Were you okay?”
“I sprained my ankle, and had a hell of a time getting home.”
“So what did you tell your parents?” 
He drummed on the heel of his shoe with his fingers. “That I fell off of our tire swing.”
I sat forward, leaning my elbows on my knees. “Why did you lie?”
“Well, remember, I wasn’t supposed to go back there, but the real reason was that I didn’t want anyone to know that I fell because I was watching those teenagers.”
I laughed. “The smooth Logan Tate. Hamilton High’s ladies’ man, sprained his ankle running from a girl’s boobies.” I held my hand over my mouth to stop my laughter.
He grinned. “Ha! Ha!”
Once my laughter subsided I glanced at him. “Don’t worry; I’ll keep your secret.” It wasn’t like I could use this information; it happened eight years ago.
“So what’s your secret?”
“My father had an affair.” I pressed my lips together, having no intention of telling him that. He looked as shocked as I was that I had told him something so personal.
“How do you know?”
I sighed, resigned to finish what I started. “I saw him having dinner with a woman that wasn’t my mom, right before he left her.”
He turned his head away from me, deep in thought. “Did you ask him about it?” His voice was soft and thoughtful.
“No, I’ve never told anyone.” Well, except Adam and Kelly.
“You should talk to him. Just because he was eating dinner with someone doesn’t mean anything.”
“No, I haven’t spoken to my father unless it was necessary since I saw them. I’m not going to start now.”
A look of disapproval crossed his face. “Lisa, you need to find out what happened. You may be holding a grudge against your father because of a misunderstanding.” He reached out and touched my arm. I tried to ignore the now familiar tingle his touch left. 
I stood, forcing a smile. “I don’t want to talk about it. We should go before it gets too late.”
He didn’t move. Either he was being stubborn and was about to lecture me over my treatment of my father, or he was ignoring me. I was about to open my mouth to speak, when he sighed. “Fine,” he said, meeting my eyes. “But you know I’m right.”
Instead of acknowledging his last words, I turned around and climbed down the ladder, rushing through the train car and outside, where I stood in the hot sun waiting.
“Do you want to grab a bite before I take you home?” 
Was it that late? I glanced at my watch and was surprised to see it was five o’clock. Time went by so fast when I was with him. Warning bells went off in my head. “No, I should go home.”





Chapter Ten
New Clothes, New Girl

“Oh crap,” I said when Logan pulled his car in front of my house. Adam’s convertible was sitting in the driveway.
“What?”
I shook my head. “Nothing, thanks for the ride.” I opened my door just as Adam came out the front door of my house. When he saw us, he stopped, a look of confusion on his face. 
“That’s your friend Adam, right?”
I kept my gaze on the boy leaning against the railing as I answered. “Yeah, I must have forgotten we had plans.”
Logan touched my arm gently. “Are you two dating?”
I turned toward him, smiling reassuringly. “No, he’s just one of my best friends. I’ll see you at work.” I opened my door and met Adam on the porch. We stood together and watched Logan drive away.
“What’s going on?” Adam asked, still watching the car, even though Logan was out of sight.
I sighed, ready for an argument. “I really don’t want to fight.”
“Neither do I.”
I left him standing outside, leaving the door open, knowing he’d walked through it.
“Hey, Mom. Livvy, you’ve got a little something on your face.” I stepped into the kitchen where my mother was eating spaghetti with a fork, and Livvy was using her hands. My sister smiled up at me with her face covered in sauce, a piece of spaghetti disappearing into her left dimple. “Weesa, I have sketti.”
“I see that, but I think there’s more on your face than in your belly.” She giggled.
“Mmm, smells good, Mrs. Miller, can I have some?” Adam asked, coming up behind me.
I elbowed him in the ribs. “Adam, do you have any manners?”
“No, it’s okay, he’s here enough. You want some, Adam, help yourself.” My mom smiled, with a shake of her head, before taking another bite of her own meal. 
After we ate, Adam and I went up to my bedroom to hang out. “So why are you here?”
“I just stopped by to see what you were up to. I never expected you to pull up in Logan’s car.”
“I know, I never would have believed it either.”
He stretched his bare feet onto my carpet from where he sat on his favorite armchair. “So what’s the plan? Are you giving up on your revenge?” 
His question wasn’t surprising, and one I’d been asking myself for the last few days. Although it appeared that Logan was different, it didn’t change what he did to me. “No, but the plan has changed. Kelly’s right, ratting him out to his mother isn’t working, and I haven’t found anything on him anyway. I’m going to go with her idea. I’m going to make him fall for me, and then dump him.” It was the right plan; I just wish I didn’t feel so guilty about it.
“And what if you fall for him in the process?” he asked, leaning forward.
“I’ve lived through pain before. It will be worth it to see Logan suffer.” I sat up in my bed and pulled my laptop over. “And besides he’s rebuilding a car for me for a really good deal. So in the end, I get a car, and revenge.” I smiled wickedly at him, hoping he’d believe me, but in truth, I felt sick to my stomach. 
He watched me for a few seconds, and then surprisingly, he smiled. “Good for you, I didn’t think you had it in you.”
“Thank you.” I nodded my head in a slight bow, then opened my email file and selected all my spies. There were five, ranging from the ninth grade to twelfth. One used to be a friend of his. I typed in a message to everyone, letting them know that I would no longer need their services. Now that he’d graduated it was over. They didn’t need to know my new plan.
“So, I hear you’ve been chatting with Ethan the last few nights.” His voice startled me. I had been so focused on my typing, I had forgotten he was even there.
“Yeah, he’s really nice, and easy to talk to. I can tell why you’re friends.”
“I’m glad you’re getting to know each other. I didn’t think you and Kelly liked him.”
“We didn’t know him. You never brought him around until now.”
“He never wanted to hang out with us until now. I don’t know why he changed his mind.”
I shrugged my shoulders, turning my attention back to the screen, waiting for responses to my mass email.
Adam left shortly after, satisfied that I was still on the right track with the plan. I knew he didn’t want to see me suffer, and like the rest of my friends, hated Logan for what he did to me, but I wasn’t sure what I wanted anymore. I said those things for his benefit, but really, I didn’t have the slightest idea what I wanted. Only that I liked hanging out with Logan, and I wasn’t ready to give it up. So if I had to pretend to like him so he’d fall for me, I would do that. At least I’d be able to spend time with him. Was my goal to break his heart? I wasn’t sure yet. My only plan for now was to live day by day, and see what happened.
After what was becoming a nightly chat with Ethan, discussing my new plan with him, I crawled under the covers of my bed, reliving my confusing day with Logan.

As I had for the last two weeks, I dreamed. But in this one, I chased a shadow. I rushed around a busy marketplace, unsure what “time” I was in, looking for someone who was always out of reach. I woke feeling panicked.
For the next few days, I worked late shifts and Logan worked early. Just as I went into the restaurant, he was leaving; so much for my theory that he was somehow fixing the schedule. Tuesday morning, Kelly picked me up for a few hours of shopping. 
“So, how are things going with the car?”
“Good, we haven’t done much since we both work. But we’re meeting tomorrow to put mirrors and doors on.” We were standing in a clothing store, looking at bikinis for Kelly. She was going to the beach tomorrow with her friend Meredith. I was invited to go, but of course, I had other plans. “So is Meredith’s cousin going tomorrow?” I asked her.
“I don’t know who you’re talking about,” she said with a shy smile and pink cheeks. 
“Does the name Jeremy ring a bell?” I picked up a pink set with a puckered bodice and a bow in the center. “This would look great on you.” Kelly’s dark complexion and long flowing black hair would be the perfect contrast to the light color of the bikini. 
Her grey eyes widened. “That’s nice. Let me see.” She took the hanger from me, and I followed her into the change room, sitting down on the comfy bench to wait. 
“When are you going to admit you like him?” I said loudly. I wasn’t a big fan of her friend Meredith; she was snotty and mean. I always wondered why Kelly hung out with her, until I went to the movies with them. When Kelly saw Jeremy, her eyes lit up, and the mystery of Meredith was solved.
“Okay, I admit it, and when he sees me in this, he’s going to admit it too.” She came out of the dressing room in the pink bikini, looking like a goddess. Her wavy black hair fell to her lower back, and the color of the suit brought out her tan, emphasizing her slender body.
“You look hot.” 
She posed in front of me with a big smile on her face. “Okay, sold. This will be mine.” She rushed inside the change room to take it off. “So when are you going to admit you like him?” she said using my words against me.
“Like who?” I asked innocently, as if I didn’t know.
“Come on, Lisa, you are a lot of things, but stupid isn’t one of them.” The door opened, and she came out wearing her own clothes, holding her soon to be new suit. 
“Man, isn’t there anything else to talk about? Adam came over bugging me Sunday night. And Ethan keeps asking me how my plan is going. You guys are really annoying, you know that?”
She spun around. “Ethan’s been messaging you too?” I knew he was talking to Kelly at night also; he said he was trying to get to know Adam’s friends, and this way we could all hang out together.  
I nodded. “Yeah, didn’t he tell you?”
Her cheeks turned pink again. “He might have, but the last few nights, I’ve been kind of blabbering about Jeremy, I didn’t give him the chance.”
I laughed; she hadn’t liked a boy this much since her fifth grade crush on my cousin Jamie. When he moved away that year she was crushed. “Hey, can you help me find a few new sexy summer tops? My wardrobe is lacking for summer wear.” I pulled on the sleeve of my black tank top. 
“Yeah, what’s with all the black you’ve been wearing since your father left?” She stepped back, assessing my dark shirt and shorts. “And where’s your makeup? Are you in mourning?”
“Okay, how about a subject change, shall we?” I smiled sweetly at her.
She strolled over to the shirt aisle. “Fine, but I’m picking out the tops you buy, and you’re going to wear them.” She wandered around flicking clothes until she pulled out an armful.
The first shirt I tried on was a black sleeveless crochet top. I liked it a lot. I hadn’t worn anything very feminine in awhile. “So what do you think?”
“I love it, but it’s black.”
“Yeah, but look at the back.” I turned around and showed her the racer back; the cut-out scalloped design was really cool. She was sold instantly. I stuck my tongue out at her before I slipped back in the change room. All together I bought three tops and some jean shorts, black, blue, and white. 
I changed into my new light blue, cap sleeve blouse with a lace-up design on the back, and blue jean shorts. Kelly handed me her makeup, and in the mall bathroom, I put on some eye liner, eye shadow, and lip gloss. I felt good for the first time in a while. We ate lunch in the mall food court and then I headed for work. “Thanks, Kelly, I had fun.” 
“Me too. Say hi to Logan for me,” she said with a wink, before walking out of the mall doors in front of Sabour’s restaurant. I watched her walk away, feeling happier than I had in a while.
“Hi, Andrea,” I said, passing by the hostess stand.
“Hey, Lisa, you look nice.”
“Thanks,” I called over my shoulder as I rushed to the breakroom. I only had fifteen minutes to change and sign in. 
Once in my uniform, I stood in front of the mirror pulling my hair up into a ponytail. 
“Hey, are you just starting?” Logan asked, slipping in through the door, his savory scent now stronger after a full day of working with food.
I spun around,and smiled. “Yeah, we seem to be missing each other this week.”
He grinned. “At least we both have tomorrow off.”
“Yes, I’ll see you in the morning.” I pushed the door open into the dining room with no time to spare.

At eight o’clock, I punched out and stood outside to wait for my mom. My spirits were still high from my shopping trip this morning, and I was actually looking forward to spending time with Logan. I only wished I could wear one of the new outfits, but I didn’t want to get them dirty. I was trying to decide what to wear that I could mess up, but still look nice, when my father’s blue four-by-four pulled up in front of me. An ache formed in my chest, throbbing with either sorrow or annoyance.
He rolled down his window. “Are you coming?”
“I thought Mom was picking me up.” I couldn’t hide the irritation from my voice.
“Livvy fell asleep. Get in, Lisa.” His voice was stern. 
“Actually, I’ll see if I can get a ride home with someone I work with.” I started to turn around to head back inside.
“Lisa Deborah Miller, if you go inside that restaurant, you are grounded for a week.”
I spun around, my anger spiking. “You lost the right to ground me when you left us,” I yelled, getting the attention of a few customers climbing into their cars.
He leaned over the passenger seat. “I may not live with you, but you are still my daughter. Now. Get. In. This. Car.” His voice was deep and low as he slowly emphasized the last five words. I knew how far to push my father and he’d reached his limit. His brown eyes were cool, and his strong jaw was clenched.
I stomped over, acting like a complete two-year-old, and wrenched the door open.
Once I was inside and strapped in, he spun off, his tires squealing behind us. I stared out the window to avoid conversation, and when he tried to speak to me, I ignored him. The ten-minute ride seemed like it took hours.
At home, I rushed out of the car and into the house. Waving at my mother when she called, I ran to my room and slammed the door behind me. Then I cringed, remembering that Olivia was asleep. It wasn’t her fault that I was acting like a spoiled brat. Even though I knew I was being ridiculous, I couldn’t stop myself.
I heard my parents’ voices downstairs. Turning my stereo on low to drown them out seemed like the only way to escape them. After I changed into a tank top and boxer shorts, I climbed in bed, leaning against my headboard, pulling my laptop onto my legs. 
I checked out the wall on my social page, and for once, there was no message from Ethan. The one time I needed to vent, and he wasn’t there. It was the story of my life, constantly let down by the male gender. Next, I opened my email to see if there were any responses from the message I sent out. A few of my spies said they had dirt on Logan. I was tempted to just delete them, but my curiosity won out. I laughed out loud when I read the one about stealing a tow truck and a blue four-door. The email said he was seen driving the truck with some blond. I was going to respond, but I thought it would be more fun to make them wonder. I deleted the rest, along with some junk mail, before spying one with an address I didn’t recognize. I clicked on it. “What the heck?” I said to myself after I read the email. “I’m watching you.” I read, and reread it, even checked the email address. I’m watching you? What the hell did that mean?
Since there was no way to find any answers to the mysterious sentence, I decided to assume it was sent to the wrong address. Closing my laptop, I set it onto the floor and went to bed.




Chapter Eleven
Mixed Emotions

I woke the next day, surprised at how excited I was to see Logan. I showered and dried my hair, leaving it down since I didn’t have to work. I chose an older pair of jean shorts that were slightly frayed on the cuff, and I doubled pink and black tank tops. I added eyeliner, eye shadow, and blush again. One look in the mirror, and I headed downstairs. where it was surprisingly quiet.
Of course; my mother was at work, what was I thinking? I couldn’t even call my dad for a ride. It was a weekday, and everyone had jobs. 
I opened up the fridge, taking out the orange juice and my favorite cream cheese. I picked up a knife and cut a bagel, popping the pieces into the toaster, thinking about how I could get out to the sticks where Logan lived. I thought of Kelly, but I knew she was probably working, or at least on the way there. She worked at a grocery store not far from her house, and it would be a lot to ask for her to come get me, to take me all the way out to the Tates’ country home. 
I spread the cream cheese onto the crispy bagel, and thought of only one way to get there. I picked up the phone and dialed. 
“Hello?”
“Hi, Logan,” I said, nervous at calling him for the first time.
“Lisa?” He seemed surprised to hear my voice.
“Yeah, what are you doing?”
“I just finished eating, and now I’m waiting for you.”
“Well, there’s a problem. I wasn’t thinking, and I didn’t make it downstairs in time to get a ride with my mom.”
“Do you want me to pick you up?”
“I don’t want you to go to any trouble, you’re already doing so much, I don’t expect you to come and get me.”
He sighed loudly. “Lisa, I want to do this. Don’t you get it, I like being with you.”
His words both surprised and left me speechless.
“Lisa, are you there?”
 “Ah…yes.”
“Did I shock you?”
“Not really. You said before that you want to be friends.” My hand that held the phone trembled. 
He laughed softly. “That’s not what I meant, and you know it. But we’ll leave it at that for now.” He paused. “I’ll be there soon.”
“Okay,” I said, my voice only slightly above a whisper. 
He laughed again, right before the line went dead.
I was anxious and jumpy while I waited for him. Sitting on the swing, I decided I looked too casual. Leaning against the railing, I thought I looked too needy. I gave up and sat on the step, realizing how ridiculous I was acting. 
Why was I so nervous; nothing had changed. So he hinted at maybe liking me. He’d asked me out before, and I didn’t freak out. I should be thankful; this was my chance to put my plans in place. Make him fall for me, and then hurt him. But now that I might have an opening, I was extremely nervous. When his silver sports car pulled into the driveway, butterflies thrashed wildly in my stomach.
“Thanks,” I said once I sat beside him in the passenger seat.
“It’s really no problem, Lisa. If you need anything, I’m your guy.” He put his hand on mine.
His amazing smile, sweet words, and warm touch did something to me that I didn’t expect. My cheeks heated, and I giggled like a hyena. Real smooth.
An eyebrow raised as his lips turned upward.
I recovered quickly. “Are we going or what?”
He nodded and pulled out of the driveway.

“Wow,” I exclaimed, once I saw the car inside the garage. He had installed the new door, added the rearview mirrors, and pulled out the dents in the old doors he didn’t replace. “Why didn’t you wait for me?”
“I’ve been working days, and I didn’t have anything else to do at night.”
Happiness overwhelmed me. For him to do all this was so unexpected. He just kept surprising me. On impulse, I leaned up and kissed him quickly on the lips.
His eyes widened in shock before he placed both hands on my face, holding my head in place as he leaned in for a long, amazing kiss. After a few minutes, he pulled back, releasing me. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have pushed you.” His voice was a low whisper, deep and sultry.
He stood just inches from me, studying my face. He smelled of grease and orange soap. Our gazes held, and I could feel the familiar vibrating pulse between us.
I breathed deeply, touching my finger to my lips where his had been. They tingled warmly. “Do that again,” I whispered.
His hands cupped my face gently, leaning down slowly until our lips met. He kissed me softly, tenderly, and when he pulled back, he smiled. “It’s about time,” he said with a sly grin.
I gazed up into his gold-specked hazel eyes and smiled. I always thought if he kissed me again the images of the last time would flood my brain, and the pain from that night would return. But that’s not what was happening. I felt excited, but at the same time content. My lips still tingled from the brush of his lips against mine, and all I wanted was for him to do it again. “What do you mean, it’s about time?” I asked, instead of jumping into his arms.
“I’ve wanted to do that since the first time I saw you, at work. Remember, I had just gotten in trouble from my mom for what I did to Sarah, and one of my punishments was to start back at the restaurant for free, washing dishes. 
“It was a windy day, your cheeks were red, your hair wild. You were in a hurry, and rushed into the breakroom. I was heading out, but the sight of you stopped me in my tracks.” He reached out and brushed my cheek with the side of his hand. “And as hard as I tried over the last year, you wouldn’t believe that I’ve changed.” His finger softly glided down to my neck. “Do you finally believe me, that I would never hurt you?” he whispered, leaning down until his lips were inches from mine. His breath felt hot against my mouth.
The way he described that day, it sounded like it was the first time he’d ever seen me. But we both knew that wasn’t true. I tensed under his touch. I wanted this to happen, but I didn’t understand what he meant. “Are you saying that was the first time you ever saw me?” I asked with narrowed eyes.
A shadow crossed his eyes quickly, then it was gone. “I was an ass back then, and we both know it. I didn’t pay attention to many kids at school. And I didn’t start working at the restaurant until I was punished, so yes. As far as I know, that was the first time I saw you.” His other hand rubbed my arm. “Are you saying we met before?” His eyes searched my face for an answer.
He was playing me. I did believe his feelings were real, but he must feel bad for what he did. So instead of owning up to his actions and apologizing, he chose to pretend it didn’t happen. Well, two could play at that game. If he wanted to pretend, so be it, until one day it would bite him right in the ass.
Instead of answering, I tried to distract him. All it took was my lips on his. He took it from there, and I forgot our conversation altogether, losing myself in the touch of his lips, his hands on my face and back, the warm breath against my skin. When he pulled away to breathe, I was lost in him, and honestly, I didn’t want to be found.
When we finally broke apart, we glanced at the car, where it sat waiting to be fixed.
We each wore work gloves while I helped him take out both windshields and the two windows that were broken. I stood back while he cut the roof off with a blow torch. I was ten feet away, wearing tinted safety glasses, and I still felt the heat on my face. When he finished, my face felt like I spent the day in the sun.
He took the welding mask off, set the torch on a work bench, and turned to me. His face was shining, with bright eyes and a wide grin. “That was fun.” He leaned forward to reach for my hand, pulling me in a tight embrace. His kiss was a little wild. He nibbled on my lip; I almost melted in his arms. I pulled back and smiled.
“You’re so beautiful when you smile. You take my breath away.” 
I blushed, hiding my face in his shirt; a rumble of laughter came from his chest. His hand touched my chin, pushing my face up to look at him. “You’re even more adorable when you blush.” I hit him in the shoulder. “Let’s go eat,” he said against my ear.
“Lead the way.”
He pulled me by the hand through the door to the house.
“Frozen pizza?” I asked Logan once inside the kitchen, while he took out an all-dressed flat box from the freezer. 
“What’s wrong with frozen pizza?”
“After the food you made on the weekend, you’ve ruined crappy food for me forever.”
He ripped open the box and stuck the pizza on the oven rack without a pan. “It’s your fault. Since you kissed me, all I can think about are those pale, soft lips, and how I can kiss them again.” He touched his lips to mine. “And again,” he whispered against my lips. “And again.” He was silent after that, his mouth and tongue busy tangling with mine.
We ripped apart once the buzzer went off, the smell of tomato sauce wafting out of the oven.
He put an oven mitt on and pulled the steaming pizza out, placing it on top of the stove. “I’ll make it up to you, okay? Friday night, I’ll make dinner for you. It will be our first date, and I’ll make you something you won’t forget.”
I smiled. “You don’t have to cook for me, I was just kidding.”
“I know, but I want to. Maybe we can watch a movie afterward.” He took out the pizza cutter to roll it into six slices. 
“Okay, if you insist.”
He nodded, satisfied with my answer. “Good.” He pulled down two plates and placed a slice on each of them.
The front door burst open, and loud feminine laughter ripped out. I sat down at the table in front of my pizza. Logan took the seat next to me.
Sarah and Lucas bounded into the kitchen. Sarah was wrapped in Lucas’ arms, and she was squealing, trying to get out. They stopped abruptly when they saw us, and then both burst out laughing. I smiled at how obviously happy they were.
Lucas straightened, his face sobered. “Mmm, pizza.” He stepped up to the oven and picked up a piece. When he opened his mouth to take a bite, an oven mitt hit him in the forehead. He looked up, surprised. “What?”
“That’s our pizza, you moron,” Logan said, and then turned to Sarah. “You can have his piece; he has to make his own.”
Sarah and I laughed as Logan stood up and yanked the piece out of Lucas’ hand, giving it to Sarah. Then he hovered in front of the remaining slices, blocking Lucas from the stove. 
Lucas stared at Logan with shock on his face. “Come on, you idiot. Give me some.” 
Logan shook his head and grinned.
Sarah strolled over and held her pizza up to Lucas’ mouth. He took a bite, and then grinned at his brother.
“Traitor,” Logan said as she slid into Lucas’ arms.
I sat in my corner of the kitchen watching them argue, laughing at them. 
Logan’s head spun in my direction. “What are you laughing at?” He stalked over to me and bent down to place a soft kiss on my lips. Two gasps rang out behind us. He sat back down beside me. 
“What just happened?” Lucas asked.
A grin spread across my face before I could stop it. “Nothing, why?”
“He kissed you,” Sarah said, looking between me and Logan, pointing at us. “Is there something you want to tell us?”
Logan and I glanced at each other and shook our heads. “No,” we said at the same time.
Sarah grinned widely. “You guys are together, aren’t you?”
“I don’t know if you’d say that, it just happened today.”
Logan narrowed his eyes at me, but spoke to Sarah. “Ignore her. We are together.” He took my hand and squeezed it. 
Sarah clapped her hands. “Yeah.” 
Lucas studied my face. “I really didn’t see that coming considering what you told—” Before he could say I was the one giving his mother info on Logan, Sarah smacked him on the shoulder.
Logan looked from Lucas, to me, then Sarah. “What?”
“Nothing,” we all said at the same time. 
He shook his head as he stood up. “Whatever.” He grabbed another slice of pizza from the stovetop. “Do you want another piece, Lisa?” he asked me.
And stay here any longer with the big-mouth Lucas? “No thanks.”
“Okay, let’s go clean up the garage.” 
It didn’t take long. Logan discarded the broken windows into a big bin at the back of the garage while I swept the paved floor. After we finished, we went back into the house and hung out with Sarah and Lucas. 
Logan dropped me off at nine. We both worked early, and we needed our sleep. I still felt the tingle of his lips when I stood inside the living room. 
“What’s with you?” my mom asked from the couch. 
I was lost in memories of Logan; I didn’t even notice her sitting there. “Huh?”
“Hello, Lisa? What’s gotten into you?”
“Oh, nothing.”
“What were you doing in the car with Logan for so long? He was parked out there for ten minutes.”
My cheeks heated instantly. “Um…just discussing the car. I’m going to bed; I work early in the morning.”
She smiled. “You were kissing Logan, weren’t you?”
“No, Mom.” I picked up a discarded afghan and busied myself smoothing it onto the back of the armchair. I didn’t want her to see my flushed cheeks.
“Yes you were. I saw you.”
I was so embarrassed I wanted to run up the stairs and end this conversation. “Mother, stop.”
She wiggled her eyes at me. “It’s about time. I’ve always thought you had a crush on him.”
I started up the stairs before she said another word. I heard her laughing as I opened my door. 
I had pulled my tank tops off over my head when my phone rang. I dug through my bag and pulled it out. I looked at the call display, but instead of seeing Logan’s number as I had hoped, it was one I didn’t recognize. “Hello?”
The only sound on the other end was faint breathing.
“Hello?” I said again.
Still, only breathing. I hung up, suddenly exhausted.

Moonlight poured over the sculpted hedges that lined the garden, as I gazed out my window. I was ready for bed, wearing only my nightrail. My hair was free from its usual knot, falling down past my shoulders. I should be asleep, but I was extremely restless. The last I had seen of Thomas was just before he went to see Father. I knew my father had accepted his proposal, he was quite happy at my choice, but I longed to see my future husband, if only to see him smile in reassurance. 
Giving in to my restlessness, I opened my terrace door and slipped out into the night. The dewy ground was cold and wet against my bare feet. The air was damp and windy, making my garment cling to my arms and legs.
It was scandalous of me to be out in the middle of the night alone, but I couldn’t stand to be cooped up another moment. I found my way to the stable, hoping that Arabella, my favorite mare, would calm my nerves. But before I could enter, I heard hushed voices. “Thomas, please, you cannot do this,” said a voice that sounded familiar, but one I couldn’t place.
“I’m sorry, my friend, but it is already done. I’ve asked them both, and they have accepted my offer. She is to be mine in three weeks.” Was that what he and my father had agreed upon?
“But you know I how feel.” The voice was pleading.
“Yes, I do,” Thomas said softly. “But she does not, and you and I both know your feelings are one-sided.”
The voice sighed heavily. “I know, and I’ve always known she doesn’t and will never love me, but if you marry her, I’ll have no chance.” I gasped loudly, rushing back up the garden path before I was spotted.
Safe inside my room, I sat down on my settee and thought about what had shocked me so. The voice that had said he loved me was that of my childhood friend.
I opened my eyes and sat up in my bed. Well, that was new. I had been having the same dreams over and over for years, and this one was a first.




Chapter Twelve
New

“Do you need a ride?” my mom asked me as she dropped oat loops onto the tabletop in front of Olivia.
I was sitting at the table eating breakfast and watching Livvy stuff handfuls of cereal into her mouth. “No.” I hoped she’d leave it at that.
“Then how are you getting to work?”
“I’m getting a ride from a co-worker.”
She smirked. “Would that co-worker’s name be Logan Tate?”
Taking a bite of cereal, I mumbled, “Maybe.”
She laughed softly as her deep blue eyes leveled on me. “So you guys are dating now?”
My breakfast was suddenly so interesting, I couldn’t look away from the bowl. “Yes.”
“Lisa, you know you can talk to me about anything.”
“I know, Mom, but this is the first time I’ve had a real boyfriend.” A year ago, I kind of dated Kelly’s brother, Austin, for about a minute and a half. We barely saw each other, and when I realized I was only with him in hopes to forget Logan, I ended it. He was a friend, and I didn’t like using him. “I feel uncomfortable talking about it, especially to you.”
“Well, I know a thing or two about boys, you know. I was a teenager once myself.” She fingered the handle of her coffee mug absently.
“Did you have a boyfriend when you were my age?” Looking at my mom, waiting for an answer, I felt something hard and sticky land on my right cheek. “Ew.” I reached for the object that was now stuck to my face and pulled it off. It was a wet oat loop. I dropped it onto the table. Livvy was giggling and taking another loop out of her mouth. She held it up, about to throw it at me once again.  “Livvy, don’t you dare. That’s disgusting.” I pointed at her; she just lifted her hand up higher.
A chuckle escaped my mom’s mouth. “Olivia,” she said sternly, the way only mothers can. “Keep your food in your mouth.” She glanced away from Livvy, covering her face, her shoulder-length golden blond hair bouncing as her body shook. I knew she was laughing.
There was a knock at the door, and I flinched. I was hoping to be waiting outside before he came to pick me up. Shoveling the rest of the cereal into my mouth, I tossed the bowl in the sink and rushed to the front door.
“Dishes go in the dishwasher, Lisa,” my mother complained from the kitchen. 
I took a deep breath and then opened the door. “What are you doing? You should have just honked.”
Logan grinned down at me from his six-foot frame, the picture of perfection. His hair was a little damp from his morning shower. He was wearing a navy blue button-down short sleeve shirt. The color brought out hints of blue in his hazel eyes that weren’t really there. “Well, good morning to you too.” He leaned down to kiss me quickly on the lips. “I didn’t want to be rude. Are you ready?”
“Yes, just let me get my bag.” I hurried back into the kitchen to put my bowl and spoon in the dishwasher, picking up my bag off of the hook as I rushed by.
“Aren’t you going to introduce me to your boyfriend?” my mother whispered from behind me.
“You already know him, Mother,” I whispered back over my shoulder, running to the front door.
I could hear my mom whispering something, and Livvy’s answering giggle. My cheeks flushed. “Okay, let’s go.” I took his hand, feeling his warmth spread throughout my fingers.
Outside, he opened the passenger door for me and went around to the driver’s side. He kissed me again, this time framing my face with his hands. His fingers moved down to my neck, causing goose bumps along my skin. He pulled away and smiled. “Are you hungry?”
“No, why?”
He laughed as he reached up to pull something out of my hair. “I thought maybe you were saving this for later.” He opened his hand and showed me…an oat loop.
I grinned. “Olivia. She threw one at me, and it stuck to my cheek. I didn’t feel one fall on my head.” I laughed. “Are there any more?”
His gaze wandered from the top of my head, down to my legs. “No, you’re perfect.”
I blushed. “We better go, or we’ll be late.”
He straightened in his seat and turned the ignition; the engine purred to life.
We held hands while he drove, and I listened to him tell me in detail what was left to do to the car. He said that if everything went according to plan, it would be done in about a month.
We entered the restaurant through the back door again. I followed him to the breakroom and watched as he changed from his T-shirt to his white chef’s coat. I didn’t hide my stare this time while his hard, smooth chest was bare. He turned around and caught me staring. Grinning wickedly, he whipped his arm out, yanking me against him. After a quick kiss, he disappeared out the door, heading into the kitchen.
I sighed, feeling utterly happy. I knew it was wrong to feel this way, and if I kept going down this road, I was risking my own heart. If I went through with my plan, I would be hurting more than just Logan. But I couldn’t stop myself. When I was with him, I felt it was where I was supposed to be. 
 I tossed my bag into my locker and went to set up the dining room.
“Good morning, Lisa,” Karen said from the takeout desk.
“Oh hey, Karen. I didn’t know you were in this morning.”
She smiled knowingly. “Yes, I came with Nick. I’ve already set up the dining room. You can go help in the kitchen until I call you. I’ll open up.”
That was weird. I’d opened a few times and heard other waitresses talk about opening, and Karen had never set up or taken over in the dining room. She was in charge of the waitstaff, but she helped in the kitchen as much as she could. “Why?”
She narrowed her eyes at me. “Are you questioning me?” Something in her tone gave her away.
I crossed my arms. “Karen, just because I’m with Logan doesn’t mean you have to do my job for me. I spend enough time with him.”
“I have no idea what you mean.” She turned around and started to fold napkins, which was also my job.
“Karen, you don’t have to be sneaky to get us together. We already are, and I can stand to be away from him for a few hours. Now go and let me do my job.” 
Her head popped up, and she reached out to touch my arm. “Lisa, I think of you like a daughter. And I’m extremely pleased about you and my son. Yes, I was trying to get you to spend more time with him because he’s such a good person.” Her expression turned to concern. “But I’m worried about you. Does he know?”
My heart skipped a beat. I hated that people other than my circle of friends knew my secret. But of course since she was part of the old plan there was no way around it. “No, and I’d rather he never find out.”
“Be careful. Secrets have a way of coming out whether you want them to or not.” She leaned in and hugged me; her gardenia scent whirled around us. “Now go help in the kitchen before I fire you for disobedience,” she whispered, and when she pushed me away, she was smiling. 
I rolled my eyes at her. “Fine.” I walked away shaking my head.
I shoved through the swinging kitchen doors. Logan and Nick looked up from their prep work. “Where’s Mom?” Logan asked.
“Your mother wants us to spend more time together, so she’s doing my work and making me help in here.”
“What, she’s doing your work?” He turned to his father. “Dad, do something.”
Nick laughed, holding up the large gleaming knife he was using to cut up bacon. “Logan, I’m going to tell you something that will keep you and your girl happy. Women are always right. I could try to get her in here, but once she makes her mind up, she won’t listen. It’s best to just agree with her.”
Logan glanced at me and shrugged. “Grab a potato.”
I smiled, happy to be spending more time with him.

Eventually, I went back to my actual job, working alone until Sarah, Lucas, and Mark’s shift started.
Logan and I were taking our lunch together, and he insisted on bringing food to the breakroom for me. He said he wanted to expand my palette and make me try new things.
I sat at the table staring down at the food in front of me, listening to Mark, a fellow waiter, argue with his girlfriend on the phone. “I can’t eat this.” I looked up at Logan, who was twirling his noodles around his fork, using a large spoon. 
He stopped mid-twirl. “You said you’d try anything I brought you.”
“You never mentioned seafood.”
“Have you ever even tried shrimp before?”
“No, but it looks gross. How about I just pick the shrimp out? I love fettuccine Alfredo.”
He swallowed the bite from his fork and looked at me with narrowed eyes. “How do you know? You just said you’ve never tried it.” He pointed down at my food.
Mark stormed out into the dining room as I folded my arms in front of me. “I’ve never eaten a spider either, and there’s no way in hell I ever will.”
His eyes widened, and his mouth turned up slightly. “How can you compare the two?”
“A spider is disgusting and fuzzy, while shrimp looks like a slimy, pink claw. I don’t eat anything that doesn’t look appetizing to me.”
He full-out grinned at me as I dug my fork around the seafood to pull out only noodles. “Do you know what they put in hotdogs?”
My mouth was full, so I nodded. “That’s why I don’t eat them either,” I said after I swallowed.
The door swung open, and Sarah sauntered in. She leaned over me. “Mmm, shrimp.” She stole one from my plate, popping it into her mouth.
I beamed at Logan, hoping to pawn them off on her. “Do you want the rest?” I asked her.
She swallowed. “I can’t, I just came in to grab a pen.” She dug through her locker and rushed out of the room.
Logan watched her go and then glanced at me. “Do you like fish?” he asked before taking another bite.
“Not anymore.”
“But you used to?”
“Yes, my dad fished all the time when I was little, and my mom made a really good fish batter, I loved it. But as I got older, I started to look at what was going into my mouth. The fish was filled with black veins.” I shuttered at the thought.
“So it’s about what the food looks like?”
I nodded with my mouth full of creamy, cheesy noodles.
“I could blindfold you,” he suggested absently.
I looked up at him. “Not a chance in hell.”
“Why not?”
“I don’t trust you!” I said loudly.
He laughed, covering his mouth. “I give up. Just eat your noodles.” He scooped up the remaining shrimp off my plate and popped them onto his.

My shift ended at two, and I stood in front of my locker digging in my bag for the change of clothes I brought. Warm arms wrapped around my waist, hot breath tickled my neck. “Mark, I told you, not at work,” I said, trying to hold in a chuckle.
Logan growled into my neck. “Funny,” he whispered just before I felt his tongue glide along my collarbone. I leaned into him, completely forgetting what I was supposed to be doing. 
“Do you want to come back to my place?” His soft voice sounded like a purr, or maybe that was me.
“Yes,” I whispered. My cell phone started to ring, bringing me out of my Logan haze. I dug it out of my pocket. “Hello.”
Nothing but breathing again. 
“Hello,” I said in a singsong voice.
 Nothing.
“Who is it?” Logan asked from beside me. 
I shrugged my shoulders, holding the phone out. Something that sounded like a growl came from the other end, and then the phone went dead. I hung up, tucking it back into my pocket. “Wrong number, I guess.”
I turned to gaze into his beautiful hazel eyes that followed me into my dreams. “I’m sorry, I forgot to tell you. Kelly is picking me up to go hang out at her place. Adam and Ethan are meeting us there, they texted me this morning. Do you mind?” I wasn’t used to my plans affecting anyone else.
Disappointment flashed over his face for a second before he smiled. “Of course I don’t mind. I’ll go over to Kyle’s and see what he and Andy are up to. He kissed me, and then opened his locker. I had the sudden urge to ask him to come with me, but a flash of the two of us walking into Kelly’s room with Ethan, Adam, and my ex-boyfriend Austin left me feeling nauseous.
I went to the bathroom to change, happy to finally ditch my uniform. I had chopped onions this morning, and I couldn’t get rid of the smell, no matter how many times I washed my hands.
In my street clothes, we walked out together. He waited with me until Kelly’s car pulled into the lot. She stopped in front of us. Her car vibrated with loud music, which she turned down when I opened the door. Logan leaned in through the window and gave me a peck on the lips. I glanced at Kelly, who was smiling shyly. I suddenly realized that she had never really met Logan. “Oh, I’m sorry, Logan, this is Kelly.”
“I’ve seen you before. It’s nice to finally meet you, Kelly.” The smile he gave her lit up his face, making his eyes sparkle. The smile wasn’t new to me, and every time he turned it my way, I melted, even when I hated him. Which of course I still did.
Kelly’s reaction wasn’t much different. She laughed softly and blushed. “You too,” was all she said. 
He raised an eyebrow at her reaction before turning to me. “Call me later?”
“Of course.”
He waved as we pulled away.
“I have no idea what just happened to me,” she said as she turned onto the street.
“I do. That smile can knock anyone to their knees.”
“I didn’t realize he was so nice. He always seemed so cocky, like you’re lucky to be in his presence. But he isn’t like that at all.”
I was silent, thinking about her words. What version of him was real? The nice, sweet, kind Logan that I now knew? Or the cocky boy who broke hearts left and right? 
“I bet he’s a great kisser?” she said, looking at me from the corner of her eye.
I sighed, remembering our steamy kisses in the breakroom. “Yep.”
“That’s all you’re going to say?”
“Right now, yes. How did it go at the beach? Did you get Jeremy’s attention?”
She grinned. “Oh yeah. That bathing suit was worth every penny. We’re going out tomorrow night.”
“That’s awesome, Kelly, I’m really happy for you.”
During the drive to her house, she filled me in on her day at the beach. Meredith was busy with one of Jeremy’s friends, so Jeremy kept Kelly company. They swam together and shared a towel while they ate lunch. At the end of the day, he walked her to her car and asked her to the movies.




Chapter Thirteen
A Night Apart

Adam and Ethan were not at Kelly’s yet, so we both went up to her room to get comfortable.
I told her how Logan and I got together, and what had happened since. “And tomorrow after work, he’s making me dinner.”
She sighed, lying back against her white cotton pillow. “He is so hot, and he sounds really sweet.” She looked at me, her face turning serious. “Are you still going to break his heart?”
I frowned, an ache forming in my chest. “I don’t know. I’m so conflicted. I still remember what he did to me, but when I’m with him, there’s nowhere else I want to be.”
She sat up straight, gazing down at me where I lay flat on the bed. “Can I ask you something, and I promise not to say a thing to anyone?” I nodded, and she went on. “Since Logan hurt you, you’ve been filled with hate and misery, and there is no possible way anyone can be happy when they’re constantly plotting revenge.” She paused, waiting for me to object. When I didn’t, she continued. “How does it feel now that you’ve dropped the negative feelings and have finally allowed yourself to be happy?”
I was silent, thinking over her words. “I don’t know that I have let myself be happy. I still hate what he did to me.”
“Do you still want him to suffer?”
My eyes drifted to my hands that sat in my lap, my fingers twisted together absently. “I…don’t know,” I whispered.
There was a shuffling sound coming from the hall.
I stood up to investigate and swung the door open, almost colliding with Austin. He stood against the wall looking guilty. I still felt a little uncomfortable in his presence, even after a year of being apart. “What are you doing, Austin?”
“I was about to knock when I heard what you two were talking about.”
I spun around about to walk back into the bedroom, but he grabbed my arm to stop me. “Are you really dating Logan Tate?”
His angry tone shocked me. Sure, we used to date, but that was a year ago, and when we broke up, he seemed fine with it, even started to go out with some redhead right afterward. “Yes. Why?”
“You know what he’s like. Do you want him to hurt you again?” How did he know Logan hurt me to begin with? Sure, he was one of my spies, but they didn’t know my reasons for my plan. No one asked questions when there was money involved. “You deserve better than that jackass.”
“Austin, what the hell are you doing?” Kelly yelled, getting up from the bed, and stalking toward us until she stood in front of him with her arms folded in front of her. 
I yanked my arm from his grip, rubbing my tender wrist.
Austin’s face turned blank. “Whatever,” he said icily, and spun on his heels, disappearing around the corner.
Kelly and I glanced at each other with matching stunned faces.
The guys arrived shortly before we ordered Chinese food. We shared cartons of rice, noodles, and dumplings while Adam and Ethan rattled on about their day at the beach. They had spent all day staring at girls in string bikinis. As the only child of a rich family, Adam didn’t need to work. I had overheard his parents argue about how he should get a job to gain some responsibility, but his mother always won out. Adam was free for another year of doing nothing. So he spent his time hanging out with us or Ethan, going to the movies, or basking in the sun at the beach. Ethan had a job at his father’s tire shop, but it was only part time.
The minute the food cartons were empty, we brought out the sodas and cards. We hadn’t played poker in over a week, and Kelly couldn’t wait to take all of our pennies.
We were on our third hand, and each of us had taken turns winning when my phone rang. My heart thudded in my chest in anticipation, until I looked into the boys’ confused faces. I wasn’t ready to tell them that I wasn’t entirely up to the new plan. As far as they knew, I still hated Logan and was only with him to break his heart. I took my phone out just before it stopped ringing, and rushed into the hallway. “Hello?”
“Hey, what’s up?” The deep voice on the other end was welcome and familiar.
“Oh just losing all my pennies to Kelly at poker.”
He laughed. “Sounds like fun. Are you going home tonight?”
“Yes.”
“Do want me to pick you up?”
“I’d like that, but it doesn’t make sense for you to come all the way over here just to drive me home. I’ll get a ride with Adam.”
He sighed. “Okay. Just think, in a month you won’t have to worry about getting rides from other people.”
Just the sound of that kind of independence filled me with glee. “That sounds awesome. Are you at Kyle’s?”
“Yeah we’re playing video games. But we’re taking a break while Lucas uses the bathroom.”
“Isn’t Lucas with Sarah?”
The sound of male voices and laughter erupted from his end. It sounded like he stepped away from the guys, but I could still hear them talking distantly. “No, not tonight. She’s with Emma watching a movie.”
“So what are you cooking for me tomorrow night?” I couldn’t wait to spend the evening, just the two of us.
“Seafood.”
I gulped. “Seriously?” My voice went an octave higher than normal.
He was silent for a few seconds, and then he laughed. “No. But I am going to make you try something that I don’t think you’ve ever had before.”
I was suddenly nervous. “Can’t wait,” I said dryly, which made him laugh again.
“Well, Lucas is back. I’ll see you at work? You work at ten, right?”
“Yeah. You’re early shift?”
“Yep. Have fun tonight, Lisa,” he said softly before hanging up.
I held the phone to my chest and sighed. There was something about his voice that just made me happy. My insides felt gooey. I know I needed to somehow push this excitement for him down to protect myself from the inevitable, but these feelings felt so natural. I was literally going against nature, hating him. But after what he did to me, I knew I didn’t have a choice.
“Hurry up, Lisa!” Adam yelled from behind the closed door.
I went back into her room and took my spot on the bed beside Kelly. Ethan and Adam were exchanging glances, and I was afraid they would start asking questions I wasn’t ready to answer, so I decided not to give them the chance. “Hey, Adam, did Kelly tell you that she’s going on a date with Jeremy tomorrow night?” I said to keep the focus off me.
He glanced at her. “Meredith’s cousin?” he asked, and Kelly nodded. “You barely know him.” Meredith’s reputation for being a bitch was known throughout our group, and Adam was worried that since they were cousins, he’d have the same attitude.
Kelly sighed. “Who here wants to listen to Adam’s opinion about boys?”
I tightened my lips together and crossed my arms in front of me. Ethan just laughed, leaning against the wall.
Adam rolled his eyes, resting his hand on his lap. “Fine, deal, Lisa.”
A few hours later, Kelly was pouring her winnings into her big pickle jar. It was the biggest jar I had ever seen. Her mother got the pickles at Bargain Barn, a wholesale store downtown; it must have taken them months to empty it. The jar was three quarters full of pennies. She couldn’t even lift it. 
Since Ethan lived across the road from Adam, he slid in the front seat before I had a chance to. I sighed, taking the spot behind him in Adam’s convertible. Thankfully the top was up; with it down it was murder on my hair. The car was only a few years old and still had the new car smell, mixed with the scent of pine from the tacky tree hanging from his mirror.
I leaned in through the bucket seats to scan through the list of songs on the MP3 player, mumbling the names of the bands to myself. I stopped at Monsterball and pushed play.
I listened to the boys’ banter from the back seat. I wasn’t really in the mood to join in the conversation, just happy to listen and smile at them.
My contentment ended as soon as Adam pulled onto my street. “Crap. My dad’s here,” I groaned, reaching down onto the floor to get my bag.
Adam put the car in park and turned to me, his green eyes glowing in the moonlight. “Do you want some company?” His voice was full of tenderness. This was why he was my friend; he was always there when I needed him.
“Nah, I’ll be fine.” I climbed out and leaned in Ethan’s open window. “Thanks for the ride, Adam.”  He nodded and then I looked into Ethan’s face. “I’ll talk to you tonight,” I said, taking a step back so they could pull out of the driveway. Ethan waved as the car took off, squealing its tires when it turned the corner. 
Once the car disappeared down the street, I made my way slowly up the porch steps, remembering what Logan said a week ago. Should I really ask my dad about the woman? I hated the way I felt about my own father, but I’d hate him even more if I was right. I stood up straight and turned the knob. 
My parents sat on the couch, each holding a glass of wine. “Where have you been?” my mother asked.
“Kelly’s.” I dropped my bag onto the floor before heading into the kitchen to grab a bottle of water and a pint of ice cream.
“Are you going to say hello to your father?” My mother’s voice dripped with disapproval.
I glanced in his direction, looking at the pale blue paint on the wall above him. “Hi, Dad,” I said dryly.
His brown eyes pleaded with me to forgive him and be the loving daughter I once was. I longed to be her again, but something held me back from saying anything positive.
“Hello, Lisa. Your mom tells me that you’re dating your bosses’ son.”
“Yep.”
He ran his hand over his short nut-brown hair nervously. “I’d like to meet him.”
The idea that my dad wanted to play the role of concerned father and meet the new boyfriend filled me with anger. This was the father who chose to leave his family. “No need, Mom knows him.” And with that, I picked up my bag and bounded up the stairs.
Inside my room, I took out my phone and texted Sarah, asking if she could give me a ride to work. We had the same shift, and since my mother left too early, it was either Sarah or the bus. Man, I couldn’t wait for the car to be done.
Her answer was of course yes, and that she would also take me to the Tates’ afterward. She obviously knew about my date with Logan. Ah…my date. It would be the first time we’d be alone together since we first kissed. I was nervous and excited. I thanked Sarah and then changed for bed.
Once I was comfortable under my duvet, I reached up, taking the ice cream off of my nightstand, and turned on my TV, pressing play on the DVD player. The opening song poured out of the speakers. My favorite snack, my favorite movie, and my night was complete.
My phone beeped, and I grinned at the text message: What r u doing? Logan asked.
I responded: Movie in bed, with chocolate ice cream.
After a few seconds, a new message appeared: Sounds good. Can I join u?
I laughed, typing in: Tomorrow night.
The next message said: Can’t wait. Good night.
I sighed, plunging my spoon into the container.
When the movie ended and the tub of ice cream was empty, I had a brief talk with Ethan, about Logan. He wanted to know how the plan was going. I might have stretched the truth a tiny bit when I answered his questions, but like I said, I wasn’t ready to share my dilemma with the boys. When I had enough, I turned out the lights and went to sleep.

My dreams were filled with the man in shadow. But the man wasn’t threatening; he was always out of reach. The farther he went; the more desperate I became to find him. At one point I almost caught up to the shadowy figure. I reached my hand out to touch his shoulder, except my fingers met only air. I woke exhausted, as if I had been running for miles.

After my morning shower, I stuffed my new corseted sleeveless pink shirt and jean skirt into my bag. I planned to get ready at work before heading to Logan’s.
The day went slow, with only a few high points. Logan pulled me into the pantry for a little personal attention. When we emerged, I heard Nick mumble about charging a fee to use the room.
At two, Logan said goodbye, promising me that a delicious non-scary meal would be waiting. The memories of our time in the pantry carried me until five o’clock, when my shift was over.
“Lisa, are you in here?” Sarah called from the doorway of the breakroom.
I was dressed in my new clothes standing in front of the bathroom mirror re-applying my makeup. After a few head flips to smooth out the ponytail hair, I went to join her.
“I’m ready.”
She gave me a once-over. “You look hot. I love that shirt. Logan will be drooling.”
I laughed. “Thanks. Are you ready?”
She nodded, and together we went out to where her silver-blue SUV sat, deserted in the back of the lot. “What are you and Lucas doing tonight?” I asked, once we both sat inside the stifling hot car.
She turned the key and flicked the air conditioning to high. “Movies.” She put the car in drive and pulled out of the lot. “Hey, I forgot to ask. Do you guys want to play miniature golf tomorrow?”
“I’ll ask Logan, but I’m in. I can’t believe we all have a Saturday off.”
“I think that’s Karen’s doing.” She rolled her eyes with a grin. “She likes her boys to be happy.”
I smiled in return, thinking of our very cool and understanding boss. “Did you talk to Lucas about keeping my secret?”
She frowned. “I did, and he won’t say anything. But what about Karen?”
“I talked to her. She’ll keep quiet, although she did tell me secrets have a way of coming out whether you want them to or not.”
She stopped at a red light. “She’s right.”
“I know, but we’re so happy right now, I don’t want to ruin that.”
She nodded. “Hey, do you want to come to the cottage with us? There’s room. And all it will cost is a split on the food.”
“Isn’t that in two weeks?”
Her eyes lit up. “Yes, I can’t wait.”
“I doubt I could get a whole week off if you three will be gone.”
“Karen already hired mine and Lucas’ replacements for when we go to school and a couple of temps for you and Logan.”
The car started to move again while I processed her words. “What? For me and Logan? But I haven’t asked for time off yet.”
“Logan and Karen have been discussing it. She thought it would be best to be prepared just in case you wanted to come.”
I was surprised by all that was going on behind my back. “Huh…Logan never said a word.”
“Well since it’s my parents’ place, he wanted to ask me first. Of course I told him yes. He’s going to talk to you tonight. But ha, I beat him to it.” She laughed to herself, obviously giddy about ticking Logan off. They were just like brother and sister.
“I’m not sure if I’ll be allowed to go for a whole week. I’m not eighteen, remember?”
“Oh, right. Well, ask anyway; make sure you mention me and Emma more than the guys.”
I smiled. “Good point.” The dull gray sky grew darker. I looked up at a large black storm cloud hovering above us. “Wow. Look at that. I think it’s going to rain.”
Sarah stopped at the last stop sign heading out of Brownridge. She looked up. “I hope Lucas has an umbrella,” she said absently.
Once we were driving again, I asked her, “When are you and Lucas leaving for school?”
“The week we get back from the cottage. I want a few weeks to get settled into our new apartment.”
“It sounds so exciting. I can’t wait to go to college.”
We passed an abandoned farm. I watched as the first few drops of rain fell onto the faded red wooden planks.
She pulled into the Tates’ driveway just as the sky opened up. Rain poured in sheets onto her car. We sat in silence, listening to the thrumming of the rain. A loud crack of thunder sounded above us, and a few seconds later the lightning started. I sat stunned, watching the wicked storm that appeared out of nowhere.
“Oh, thank God,” Sarah said pointing to the front door as the twins came out, each holding an umbrella.
I grabbed my bag, and opened my door. Logan leaned over me, blocking the torrent with his umbrella. The four of us rushed inside just as another crack of thunder and flash of lightning hit the sky.
“Where the heck did that come from?” Lucas asked breathlessly, looking out the window of the door. The sky was almost completely black now, and it was starting to hail. The sound of knocking started on the roof, and soon the sound was deafening. The hail that was hitting the house was the size of golf balls. “Come, Lisa, dinner is ready, we can watch from there.” Logan took my hand, leading me toward the garage door.
“I thought we were going to eat?” I asked in confusion.
He stopped to grin at me. “We are.”
I pointed over my shoulder. “The kitchen’s that way.”
Sarah giggled behind me.
“You’re right, but my kitchen is this way.” He nodded to the garage, his grin turning mischievous.
I frowned, very confused. Sarah and Lucas laughed at my expression. “What is going on?” I felt frustrated that everyone seemed to know something I didn’t.
“Come on, I’ll show you.” His hand squeezed mine, leading me out through the door. It shut, leaving Lucas and Sarah inside the house.
“What the hell?” I asked, happy and confused at what I saw before me. My car had a roof.
“The roof came in today, so I put it on this afternoon.”
“You were supposed to let me help. That was the deal.”
“Now that we’re together, the deal is off. I wanted to surprise you. Tomorrow I’m putting in the windshield.”
“How much do I owe you?”
“I have the bill at my place.”
I narrowed my eyes at him, wishing he’d stop talking in riddles. He laughed and pointed to the door at the back of the room.




Chapter Fourteen
Thunder Crashes

He pulled me past my car, Nick’s work bench, and a pile of Christmas decorations. Why had I never noticed this door before? My attention had drifted many times as he explained car parts and how to fix them. Instead of listening, I’d watch a fly trapped in a web in the corner of the window above me, or count how many Santa statues Karen had stashed in here. The large fake Christmas tree covered one side of the opening, but the rest of the paneled wood and trim was visible.
He opened the white door and pushed me in. It was an apartment, and the first thing I noticed was the smell; whatever he was cooking was mouthwatering. In such a small place, the scent overpowered everything else, and if I wasn’t hungry before, I certainly was now. Even though I wanted to float over to the smell that was coming from the oven, like a cartoon character floating in the air, I waited patiently. I still had no idea why we were here.
We stood in a small living room with worn brown leather furniture, and a tiny flat-screen TV on the back wall. The only window was in the kitchen. There were two doors at the back that I assumed led to a bathroom and bedroom. A table was set with white plates, silverware, and wine glasses. He had even added a bunch of pink lilies and a candle in the center. My insides turned to mush. “What’s going on?”
“My parents moved me out here. Since Lucas is leaving, this is their way of giving me some independence. I have my own kitchen and bathroom, even a separate entrance from the garage.” He paused, looking nervous. “What do you think?” It was so sweet that he cared what I thought about his new place.
“I think it’s awesome.” I grinned as I glanced around. There were a few pictures of his parents, one of him and his brother, and one of the four of us taken at last year’s work Christmas party. I remembered being annoyed and excited that he stood with his arm around me. But by then I was used to the two conflicting emotions.
A small woven rug lay under the coffee table, and on top were a few car puzzles. Three large boxes were stacked in the corner yet to be unpacked.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I wanted to wait until our dinner, to surprise you.”
I smiled, feeling suddenly shy. I wanted to be alone with him, but this was entirely different than hanging out in the Tate house without his parents.
“Well, come on, dinner is ready.”
I sat at the table, thankful for the candle. It was still dark outside, and with only one window, it was hard to see. The knocking had stopped, and the rain had calmed to a slow stream. 
Logan bent down and opened the oven door, pulling out two plates, holding them with oven mitts. He placed them on the dishes that were already sitting on the table, and took his place across from me.
“Chicken?” I asked, staring down at the food.
“Duck a l’orange, wild rice, and glazed carrots. I had a feeling you’ve never tasted duck, and I’m set on making you try new things, even shrimp.”
“That’s not going to happen.” I took a drink from my water glass.
He grinned. “We’ll see.” He pointed to my plate. “Try it.”
I cut a piece of the duck and took a bite. The sweetness of the orange mixed with the juicy meat tasted amazing. “Mmm. It’s good.” Next, I tried the rice and was delighted by the mixture of flavors. “You really are a great cook.”
“You seem surprised.”
“No, not really, I hear your parents praising you to the customers all the time.”
“They do?” I nodded. “That’s so embarrassing.” He shook his head, both happiness and shyness flashing over his face.
“I think it’s sweet. They’re proud of you.” A silence fell between us as we dove into the scrumptious meal that he had prepared.
“You look great, by the way,” he said between bites.
“So do you.” He really did. His hair was freshly cut in his old style, short and spiked on top with a messy look. He was wearing a black short-sleeved button shirt and cargo shorts.
Logan got up and took a couple of sodas out of the fridge. After he set one in front of me, he opened his and took a sip. “So what’s it like having a sister so young?”
Holding my can up, I thought about my answer. It was hard to describe Livvy. “Well, you may have noticed that I have issues with my dad.”
“Considering you refuse to talk to him, I’d say ‘issues’ is an understatement.”
I rolled my eyes at him, running my finger around the top of the can. “My parents have been fighting for years. And I actually thought they would get a divorce a long time ago, but then out of the blue my mom became pregnant. I think it was one last effort to hold on to their marriage.” I took a drink; my throat was suddenly dry. I wasn’t used to opening up to people. I hadn’t even shared these thoughts with Kelly. “I wasn’t happy at all. The thought of using a child to hold on to their marriage was wrong. But it’s what they wanted, and I was just a fifteen-year-old girl.
“The day she went into labor, we were alone at home. Like I said, I was only fifteen and didn’t have a license. One minute we were laughing and talking, the next she was doubled over in pain.” I closed my eyes at the memory.
“What happened?” His voice was just above a whisper.
I opened my eyes but looked down, avoiding eye contact. “I rushed to her side and tried to move her to the couch, but she just screamed. The floor was covered in blood. I called the ambulance and waited, terrified that my mother and new sibling were going to die.
“I felt helpless while we waited. I made her comfortable and put a cold cloth on her head, I cleaned up the blood, but other than that I was powerless. The ambulance finally came and checked her over. They said the baby was in distress, and rushed her to the hospital. I rode in the ambulance, and my dad met us there.” I paused to take a breath; the memory of that day was horrible. It was the scariest day of my life. “Anyway, they operated on her, she was in there for hours, and no one would tell us how she was. I was so scared. My dad was great, so strong, even though he was worried about my mom and the baby.”
“What happened?” he asked when I trailed off, lost in memories of that day.
“Everything turned out okay. Olivia had to stay at the hospital for a week under supervision, but when we were able to take her home, she was so adorable. She can be a pain sometimes. And it’s really hard to sleep with a baby screaming all night, but when I think about almost losing her, it’s definitely worth it.”
He was thoughtful for a moment; we both were. I took a few bites of carrots while he just moved his fork around. He glanced up at me. “So I guess she didn’t help keep them together.”
“No.”
“Maybe they should have listened to a fifteen-year-old girl.” He stabbed a carrot and took a bite.
“No, I’m glad they didn’t. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have such a sweet little sister.”
“So are you ever going to reach out to your dad?” He took the last bite of his duck and leaned back in his seat.
Ignoring his question, I asked him one. “So what made you change last year?”
He grinned. “Apparently you’re done with that subject.”
I laughed. “Apparently.” I finished the duck and rice off of my plate. “Are you going to answer?”
“Let’s just say Sarah made me see that being a dick wasn’t getting the attention I wanted.”
“She means a lot to you, doesn’t she?”
“She’s like the sister I never wanted.” His sly grin was in full force.
I laughed, pushing my plate away from me. “Did you know, that sister asked me if I wanted to go to the cottage with you guys?”
He shook his head, rolling his eyes. “I’m not surprised.” He raised one eyebrow. “So, do you want to come?”
“I don’t know if I will be able to, but I’ll ask. It sounds like fun.”
“Yeah, it’s a great place, and we’d have a week to do nothing but sit by the water and swim all day. I can’t wait.”
A thought came to my mind, and I blushed, looking down at my bare legs.
He smiled questioningly. “What?”
My cheeks only heated more. “Nothing.” I stood up, hoping he’d drop it, and picked up my plate. Opening the small dishwasher, I stuck my dishes inside. “Thank you for dinner, it was really good.” My voice was shakier than I’d hoped.
I felt his body lean against me, his scent enveloping me. “What were you thinking?” he whispered in my ear.
I spun around. “Nothing,” I said again. I gasped; he was so close.
He buried his face in my shoulder. “Tell me.” His hot breath tickled my neck.
“I was just wondering about the sleeping arrangements.”
He stood up and chuckled. “There are enough bedrooms for you to choose from. Whether it’s for both of us to only sleep in, or for you alone. It’s completely up to you.”
I sighed with relief.
He leaned in for a gentle kiss. “Okay?” he asked, and I nodded. “Are you ready for dessert?”
“Sure.” I watched him take out two white ramekins filled with cream, and something that looked like a torch. He turned it on, and a flame shot out. He held it over each bowl, burning the sugar on top. “What is it?”
“Crème brûlée.” He handed me my bowl and a spoon.
I sat back down on my chair. When he joined me at the table, I took a bite. “Mmm. Delicious.” When we were finished eating, I helped him clean up, and then he pulled me over to the couch.
“So, what’s your favorite movie?” Logan asked, lifting his legs onto the wooden coffee table as he wrapped his arm around my shoulder.
“Beautiful in Blue.”
“Isn’t that a chick flick from the eighties?”
“Yes.”
He sat up. “Okay, here’s the deal. You watch my favorite movie tonight, and the next time, we watch yours.” 
I narrowed my eyes at him. “That depends. What’s your favorite movie?”
“Die Happy.”
Of course his favorite movie would involve explosions and shootouts. “Why am I not surprised?”
He held up the DVD and grinned.
“Fine, put it in.”
He looked like a little kid who just got the last piece of cake.
During the movie, I leaned against his shoulder, breathing in his scent, butter and sugar. My eyes started to droop until a loud crack of thunder rang out. I sat straight up on the couch at attention. Logan laughed. “Are you tired?”
“Not really, but all this shooting is putting me to sleep.” I gestured to the screen.
“You hate it?”
“No, it’s a good action movie.” I might have been stretching the truth just a bit.
“Then why are you falling asleep?” 
“I wasn’t. Now stop talking so I can watch this.”
He laughed, snuggling in close. We stayed that way, with his warm arms wrapped around me, until the movie ended. And even though the movie bored me, I stayed awake for the whole thing. 
He stood up and turned off the TV. 
“Sarah wants us to go mini golfing tomorrow.” I spoke softly from the couch.
“Oh yeah, what did you say?”
“I said I’d ask you. It would be the six of us, including Derrick and Emma. What do you think?”
He turned around to face me. “I think it sounds like fun.” His eyes darkened as he sat down next to me. 
Leaning over, threading his fingers through my hair; he tugged me close until our lips met. His tongue explored mine, sending shivers throughout my whole body. His hands moved down under my arms, and he lifted me onto his lap. He moaned. “Lisa, you’re so beautiful.” His voice was a soft purr, and combined with his lips moving down my jaw, made my stomach knot. I was losing myself in him again; nothing else existed, only his lips, his touch, and our kiss. Thunder cracked, followed by a flash of lightning, and suddenly we were in utter darkness. 
I flew off of him, falling onto the soft rug below the couch.
“Are you okay?” His hands reached out, pulling me back up to the soft leather. “The power’s out. Stay here, I’m going to find a flashlight.” I heard soft footsteps, and then what must be him rifling through drawers. “Holy shit it’s dark in here.” He was right. The only natural light source was the small kitchen window, and looking outside, there wasn’t much light to start with.
Light flashed in the kitchen, lighting up a small area around him. I watched him walk over to the window, looking out at the storm. “Do you think your mom would let you stay here? It’s pretty bad out there.”
I stood up, stepping carefully over to him, trying not to bump into anything. He was right. The wind whipped through the trees, and leaves and debris flew around the yard. The rain had started to come down hard again. Flashes of lightning struck in the distance, lighting up the black sky. “I’ll call my mom. I’d rather not go out in that.”
He reached into his pocket, handing me his phone. I took it, not interested in digging in the darkness for mine. I dialed my mom’s number and waited. “Hello?” Her voice held an edge to it.
“Hi, Mom.”
“Lisa, are you okay? Are you inside? I don’t want you out in this weather.” She sounded relieved to hear my voice.
“Mom, relax, I’m at Logan’s.”
“Can you stay there? The power’s out all over, you shouldn’t be driving in this.”
“That’s why I’m calling. So you don’t mind if I stay?”
“As long as you use your good judgment, and don’t do anything you are not ready for.” 
I was thankful for the lack of light, since my cheeks were suddenly bright red. “Mom,” I whined.
“Just tell me I can trust you. Livvy doesn’t need to be an aunt at three years old.”
I really hoped Logan couldn’t hear her. I searched for him, but his face was lost in shadows. “Yes, Mom, you can trust me.”
“All right, just stay inside, and be safe.” The tone of her voice left no room for argument. Not that she’d get any from me. I wasn’t ready for that.
“Okay, I’ll see you tomorrow.” 
After she hung up, I reached out to feel for Logan, handing him the phone. He took it. “Everything okay?”
“Yes, she doesn’t want me out in this.”
“Is that all she said?”
There was no way I was going to tell him the truth. “Yes.”
“I’ll take you to my room, and then I’m going to look for more candles.” He held my hand, and we took a couple of steps. Even though, he had a flashlight, I could only see in front of me; anything beside me was completely invisible. I bumped into the table. “Oops,” I said lamely.
A few more slow steps and I stubbed my freaking toe into the couch. “Ow,” I whined.
He laughed. “Okay, get on.”
“What do you mean?’ I felt his hands push me behind him just before he bent down in front of me.
“Get on.”
“Your back?”
“Yes, my back, unless you want to bump into something else.”
I took a deep breath and climbed onto his muscular back. Although his scent was strong, I leaned in closer to breathe him in. I could feel his warmth flow into me. Before I knew what was happening, I was kissing his shoulder. He groaned at the unexpected touch, his hot skin seared my cool lips. The sound only encouraged me; I leaned up higher to move to the side of his neck. 
He stopped walking and leaned into me. I moved to his ear, to nibble his earlobe. A clatter came from below, the sound of metal on wood, and the light went out. “Damn,” he mumbled. He had dropped the flashlight, and now we were surrounded by complete darkness. 
I giggled, knowing that what I did caused him to drop the light. It felt empowering. “I’m sorry,” I said as I slid down onto the floor so he could pick it up. 
“Oh, it’s okay, but let’s wait until we get where we’re going.” I could hear him feeling the floor until he found the light. There was a soft pounding sound, and then the light came on again. He leaned down in front of me. “Now behave,” he said as I climbed back up. I laughed and wrapped my arms around his neck. 
After a few more steps, I knew we had entered his bedroom. The apartment wasn’t that big. Just as he started to put me down I was tempted to brush my lips on his neck again. I lowered my mouth almost touching his skin, and hovered. “Don’t even think about it,” he said dryly. 
I laughed, feeling a little frisky. 
He dropped me to the floor. “I’ll be right back.”
I lay down on his bed, listening to the sounds of the night, the rain falling onto the roof, and the thunder clapping overhead. In the kitchen, I heard Logan opening and closing drawers, his footsteps, and an occasional curse when he bumped into something. 
Logan’s phone rang, and I listened while he talked to someone I assumed was Karen. “Yes, Lisa’s staying…I won’t…Where’s Lucas?...Okay, see you in the morning. I love you too.” I smiled at the way he spoke to his mother. It was unexpected for any teenage boy, but for Logan, who was either a badass, or pretended to be, it was definitely surprising. It was yet another trait of his that I liked. What else was there to learn about him?




Chapter Fifteen
Stranded

A glowing light floated toward the bedroom, throwing shadows that danced along the walls. Logan stepped into the room; his face was illuminated by the candles, creating a spooky glow. He placed a votive on his dresser in the corner, and one on the nightstand beside me. The candles were tiny compared to the size of his big hands.
“Was that your mother?”
He sat down on the bed, the springs groaning at his added weight as he leaned against the pillows. “Yeah. My parents are stranded at the restaurant, so they’re going to stay on the couch in the office, and Lucas is staying at Sarah’s.” It was silent for a while while we listened to the thunder and rain. Even though our arms were barely touching, I could still feel the buzz of electricity that always surrounded us when we were close. I wondered if he felt it too. “Do you want something more comfortable to sleep in?” he asked, his voice a whisper in the darkness.
I nodded.
He stood up to pull cotton shorts and a T-shirt out of the dresser, then tossed them to me before disappearing into the living room with a matching set of clothes in his hands.
I had just slid under the blanket with his oversized clothes on when I heard a knock on the door. “Can I come in?”
“Yes.”
The door opened to the light of the flashlight. I blinked as it blazed in my eyes. “Sorry,” he said, stepping into the room, wearing gray cut-off sweatpants and a white T-shirt. “Would you feel better if I slept on the couch?”
My heart thudded in my chest at the thought of sleeping with a wall separating us. “No, that’s okay. I’d rather not be alone in a thunderstorm with no power.”
He blew out the candles on the dresser, leaving only the one beside me. Since there wasn’t much light left, I could only see faint outlines. I heard his feet shuffle over the carpet. The bed dipped as he crawled in. 
He reached for me until I lay in the crook of his shoulder. I rubbed his chest, feeling the bumps of his muscles through his T-shirt. “By the way, what were you doing when you were on my back?” His voice was soft, as if he were close to sleep.
“Would you like a reminder?”
He made a sound that sounded like a confirmation, a low groan deep in his chest. I leaned up and lightly kissed his neck until I reached his ear, scraping his earlobe with my teeth. He shuddered beneath me.
His hands were suddenly grasping my shoulders. One moment I was above him, the next, I lay flat against the mattress. He had swiftly flipped me over until I lay sprawled on my back. With the dim light, I could only see his silhouette hovering above me. In the dark his eyes looked like molten chocolate. I was about to ask if I did something wrong, but I was no longer able to speak. His lips crushed mine, kissing me frantically. His hands glided down my arms and rested on my hips. His hungry mouth moved over mine in a rush of need. I had awakened something inside him, and I wasn’t sure if I was ready for it. He moved down, gently kissing me along my neck until he reached my collar bone, sending shivers along my body, all the way to my toes.
We kissed for awhile, exploring each other until he stopped and did something unexpectedly. He lay down beside me with his head resting on my chest, to listen to my heart. “Was I too rough?”
“No.” The word was spoken so softly I wasn’t sure he heard.
He reached out for my hand. We lay quietly in the darkness, as he listened to my heartbeat, with our hands clasped together. We didn’t speak. There was something so intense and intimate about the silence. “Do you know how long I’ve wanted to be here?” he whispered.
“Here?”
“With you, like this.”
I remembered his words the day we first kissed. “Since you saw me at work?”
He whispered something that sounded like, “Forever.” And then the only sound in the room was heavy breathing. He was asleep.
I joined him shortly after.

The jazz band played in the background while Benjamin sat across from me. The dark room was lit with small lights at each table. His deep hazel eyes sparkled with secrets, and his sly grin told me that he was up to something. “Shall we dance?” he asked when the music slowed.
I took his hand, and he led me onto the dance floor. It was busy with the usual Saturday night crowd. Bodies swayed across the floor in time to the rhythm. 
Ben held me close, with his arms wrapped around me. I leaned my head on his shoulder, enjoying the slow beat of the music. “I love you, Annie,” he whispered in my ear. “Your hair is the color of sunshine…your eyes are so blue and vibrant, like an ocean on a bright, shiny day.” 
I leaned back and smiled at him. He was so sweet and loving. I was lucky to have met him on that pier, the day the soldiers arrived home. “I love you too,” I said softly against his shoulder.
He let go of me, taking a step back. His next move both surprised and excited me. He bent down onto one knee and held up a small white jewelry box, exposing a white gold band with a large diamond in the center. “I’m already the happiest man on earth, but you can make me even happier. If only you’ll say yes.” I gasped and nodded, unable to speak. There wasn’t a question in my mind. I loved him from the moment he smiled at me. He was the one I was supposed to be with…always.

I woke with the sun beating on my face. The storm had finally passed. Now it was bright outside, filling the room I had never seen before with light. The bed I lay in was in the center, against the wall farthest from the door. There was one dresser, and a nightstand on either side. A few boxes sat under the window with my clothes strewn across them.
“Good morning,” Logan said from behind me. 
I was lying on my side facing the window. I turned around and smiled. “Good morning.”
He leaned in and kissed me gently, his morning stubble tickling my skin. “I love waking up to your smiling face.”
“Me too.” I wasn’t sure what else to say. I felt awkward after having shared a bed, with the dream still fresh in my mind. It seemed so real, like I was truly living during the war, dancing with Logan at a jazz club. It wasn’t the first time I had this dream, but it was entirely different waking up beside the person who starred in them.
“Are you hungry?”
I nodded.
His eyebrows creased. “Are you okay?”
“I don’t know, I feel a little weird.”
“About sharing a bed?” I nodded again. He smiled, lifting his hand to stroke my cheek. “You are so cute when you’re shy.” He stared into my eyes. “I’ll leave you alone and make us some breakfast.” He sat up, and I grinned at his appearance. Not only was his hair sticking up all over his head, stubble had grown in the night. The closest I had seen him looking so disheveled was when he worked on the car and managed to get grease on his face. I suddenly felt embarrassed; if he could look this way in the morning, imagine what I must look like. I couldn’t wait to get rid of him so I could find a mirror and assess the damage.
“Logan, you don’t have to always cook for me. Toast is fine.”
“Nope, you’re dating an aspiring chef, you should have some perks.”
“Fine, but let me clean up.”
He leaned down and kissed my nose. “Deal,” he said before disappearing into the kitchen.
I glanced at my watch. It was nine o’clock, and I had nowhere to be until this afternoon to play mini golf. I hadn’t had a free morning in weeks. Now that he was out of sight, I felt like lying here on the bed doing nothing but replay my dream. I could worry about my appearance later.
It was amazing how my imagination created such fantasies, and even more peculiar was the fact that our names were different in each time we were in. The words from the Logan in my dream echoed in my mind. “Your eyes are so blue and vibrant, like an ocean on a bright, shiny day.” It wasn’t the first time I had the dream, but for some reason, I felt like I’d heard those words uttered in reality.
After a few minutes of lying on the bed, I stood up and slipped into my own clothes. Heading into the bathroom, I smelled bacon from the kitchen. My stomach growled in anticipation. Once I gargled away my morning breath with mouthwash, I looked at myself in the mirror. Most of my makeup was still on, and my hair didn’t look as messy as it could have. I flipped my head up and down, and then finger combed the rest of the knots.
The refection staring back at me looked a little better, but I definitely needed to shower before going golfing.
As I turned toward the door, my mind flashed to the first night I kissed Logan, the night that haunted me for the last two years. His words echoed in my head. “Your eyes, they haunt me; they’re so blue and vibrant. Like an ocean, on a bright, shiny day.” I sucked in a breath at the memory. It wasn’t one I liked to recall, especially with him right in the other room. But how did he know that I dreamed those same words? I knew at the time that he must have been playing some kind of joke on me, but how could he possibly know the details of my dreams? I tried to remember if I’d had that particular one before that night, because if I hadn’t, maybe I created it using his words. That must be it.
Satisfied with my explanation, I headed out to the kitchen. 
I joined Logan as he was finishing up, placing eggs benedict with a side of bacon on each plate. It was the first time I had ever tried this meal, and of course, it was delicious. I was beginning to see the benefits of dating a chef in training.
Afterward, I cleaned up while he had a shower. I was leaning back on the couch when he finally emerged from the bathroom in a towel. I gulped at his sculpted muscles. I was still staring after the bedroom door shut behind him.
My phone beeped with a text from Adam: What are you doing?
I texted him back: Nothing now, later-mini golf.
He responded with: Where are you?
Logan’s, I typed.
How’s the plan coming? he asked.
What plan? I answered, and was about to hit send when I realized what he meant. I deleted it and rewrote: Fine. I said goodbye, telling him that I would call him later, just as Logan came out of his room. 
I was still thinking of my text conversation with Adam as we climbed into his car. I was quiet as he drove, thinking about the plan I had all but abandoned. I hadn’t even known what Adam meant when he asked about it. Was I still out for revenge? I should be, considering the thoughts about my dreams, and remembering the joke he played on me.
“Is something wrong?” the object of my thoughts asked from the driver’s seat. I glanced around my surroundings and was surprised to see that we were sitting in my driveway. I had been lost in thought the whole way home.
“Huh?…Oh yeah. I’m fine, just tired.”
“So do you want me to come in while you get ready? We don’t meet Lucas and Sarah for a couple of hours.”
I opened my door and climbed out, the sun hot on my skin. The sky was clear, with no trace of dark clouds; no evidence at all was left of the freak storm. “Of course, come on in.” He followed me up the steps and into the house.
 Olivia was yelling at the TV. “Go! Go! Go!” she shouted to the monkey and girl on the TV screen. 
“Hi, Livvy.” I tossed my bag on the couch.
Olivia glanced over at me and squealed. “Weesa, you’re home.” She ran to me, wrapping her little arms around my knees. I bent down to pick her up; she smelled of pancakes and crayons. She was wearing a Fairy Girl short outfit, her white blond hair in pigtails. “Who’s that?” She pointed to Logan where he stood beside me.
“That’s my friend Logan. Can you say hi?”
She blushed, snuggling into my shoulder. She was shy only to men. “Hi, Wogan.”
Logan smiled. “Hi, Olivia. Who’s that on your shirt?”
She looked down. “Fairy Girl. She can fly.”
“She can?” His tone said he didn’t believe her.
Livvy nodded. 
“I bet you could fly if you really tried.”
“No, silly. I’m a girl, not a fairy,” her shrill little voice squealed.
He held his arms out. “I bet you can, you just have to say I can fly three times, and soon you’ll be soaring in the sky.”
“Nuh uh,” she said, not believing him. Smart girl.
He held his hands out again, and she reluctantly went to him. He positioned her in a flying pose, holding her above his head. “Okay, say it three times, or you won’t be able to move.”
She grinned widely and held her arms up. “I can fly. I can fly. I can fly.” She said each word softly. My mom came in the room from the kitchen and stood in the doorway, smiling at my boyfriend playing with my sister.
He moved her in jerky movements, like a plane out of gas. “Oh come on, you can do better than that. Say it like you mean it.”
She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. “I can fly. I can fly. I can fly.” She said it loudly and with confidence. He held her above his head and swung her around and around. She smiled from ear to ear. “I’m flying. I’m flying,” she yelled.
After a few turns around he put her down. She wobbled around, dizzy from the spinning. “That was fun,” she said, wrapping her arms around his legs.
“Now you did it. Every time you come over, she’ll want you to make her fly,” my mom said, pushing off the doorway.
“She’s right. She’s relentless,” I agreed.
Logan looked from me, to my mom, to Livvy, who still stood with her arms around his knees. “That’s okay. She’s a fairy now. She needs to fly.” He bent down and picked her up. “Right, Liv?”
She nodded her head. “Right, I’m a fairy now.” And then she leaned in and kissed his cheek. His smile was so sweet he took my breath away.
I left Logan coloring a picture with Livvy, but before I reached the stairs my mom pulled me aside and whispered, “He’s a keeper.”
My heart expanded in my chest. I couldn’t agree more.
When I was finished getting ready, with my hair pulled back in a knot, I dressed in black shorts and a pink and white striped V-neck. I called down to Logan to let him know I was decent, and he could come up. I checked my email while I waited for him. Ethan had sent me a message last night when he couldn’t get me on my social page, and Kelly sent me a long description of her date. I noticed that the time it was sent was one a.m. I heard that the power came back on at twelve thirty. I was sleeping long before then.
“Hey,” Logan said, walking into my room. “You interrupted a hardcore game of animal memory.”
“Sorry,” I said absently, my eyes fixed on the screen in front of me. There was one more message from an unknown email.
“That’s okay, I beat her.” He sat down on the black chair. “That’s one good thing about playing games with a two-year-old. You always win.”
“Did you cheat?” I asked absently as I clicked on the unknown address. The message appeared. “Where were you last night?” I felt a shiver of fear, even though I knew it was nothing. I hesitated on the reply button, but finally clicked it. “Who is this?” I wrote, clicking send.
Then I closed my laptop and chose to ignore it. I wouldn’t let it get to me; I already had enough on my mind with my love-hate relationship with Logan.
“Lisa!” Logan said loudly.
I looked up at him. “What?”
“Did you hear me?”
“I’m sorry. What did you say?”
“You asked me if I cheated.”
I shook my head, trying to clear the worry that was creeping inside. This was the second message, but I knew deep down that it was a mistake, or a joke. “So did you?”
He grinned. “Of course I did. If I didn’t, she’d kick my butt.” I laughed, took his hand, and pulled him downstairs, forgetting all about the messages.




Chapter Sixteen
Mini-putt

We sat in the car at Funville, the place we had our first ice cream together. The mini-golf course was situated at the back, by the water. The wind blew through our open windows, sending the fresh, crisp air from the lake into the car.
When we first arrived, we scanned the parking lot for the rest of our group without finding any of their vehicles. So here we sat, waiting. “You know, you never did give me the bill for the car parts yet,” I reminded him.
“Oh, right. I was going to after dinner last night, but with the excitement of the storm, I forgot. It’s not a big deal, though, my dad has an account.”
“I’ll keep my checkbook in my purse from now on just in case there are any other distractions.” I glanced down at my knee where his hand was resting. My skin felt warm and tingly. “How much do I owe so far, do you remember?”
He winced. “Five hundred and something.”
It was a lot, and it didn’t leave me with much money in my savings, but I had just gotten paid, and I could get more from my parents. It wasn’t that much, considering what I’d have in the end. “That’s fine. My paycheck was pretty good, and my parents said they’d give me half for a car.”
He looked guilty. “I’m sorry, I tried to get a better deal on the windshield, but it’s not like I can get a used one.”
“Logan, I’m not stupid. I know it’s going to cost money to fix the car up. Besides you told me at the beginning it would be one to two thousand. It’s okay, you’re doing so much, and I really appreciate it.”
He grinned. “Yeah, how much?”
I leaned over to give him a kiss that I hoped would show him that I was thankful for everything he’d done for me. “Is that enough?”
He scrunched up his face. “Nope.” I kissed him again, parting my lips slowly. My tongue slid into his mouth, searching for his. “How’s that?” I asked, pulling away.
He simply shrugged his shoulders. I narrowed my eyes and moved to his neck, skimming my tongue along his soft, heated flesh. “So?” I whispered. My lips hovered above his neck.
“Eh,” he said, shrugging his shoulders again.
Now I knew what he wanted. I moved up, scraping his earlobe with my teeth. “How’s that?” I whispered against his ear. The sound of his moan sent a knot in my stomach.
Bang bang! I jerked my head back and looked into Emma’s laughing eyes. She held her fist up in the air, about to hit the window one more time.
“Could you guys make out later, we’re waiting here.” She hovered in front of the passenger window with a huge grin on her face. Derrick, Sarah, and Lucas stood behind her laughing. 
I was so embarrassed; I buried my face in Logan’s shoulder. “Kill me now,” I groaned.
He laughed, wrapping his arms around me, giving me a reassuring squeeze. “So they caught us. Who cares?”
I looked up at him. “I care. They didn’t just catch us kissing. They caught me leaning above you nibbling on your ear. God, I’m so embarrassed.” I buried my face into his shoulder again.
Sarah opened the door. “Come on, guys, let’s go.” She smiled at me, and when she winked, I felt better.
We got out of the car, falling into step with them. I stayed close to Sarah and Logan, still a little uncomfortable at getting caught. Derrick, Emma, and Lucas joked around and teased each other, making me feel more at ease. By the time we reached the mini-golf rental cottage, I felt like one of the gang.
The girls waited outside the brown wooden building while the guys paid and picked up our clubs and balls.
The first hole was three barrels aligned side by side. Two were closed with lids, while the one in the center was hollow. Both ends were cut off. The object was to hit the ball through the open barrel, and into the hole at the end on the fake grass. Emma went first. She missed the open barrel, sending her ball in between the wooden barrels, bouncing off the barrier until it finally stopped about three feet from the hole.
The rest of us did about the same, and ended up getting our balls in after the second or third time. Except Lucas, who got a hole in one.
The next one was a metal hotdog. The object was obvious, to send the ball through the center of the wiener. It was easy, and most of us got it in on our second shot. Lucas, however, got another hole in one.
By the time we finished the fifth hole, Emma was frustrated. “What the hell, Lucas? Are you some kind of mini-putt genius? Is this what you did when you and Sarah broke up last year? Putt away your sorrows?” She giggled at her own joke, her long red curls blowing in the breeze that blew off of the nearby lake.
Lucas gestured to Emma with a certain finger, making the rest of us laugh.
“You and Lucas broke up?” I asked Sarah, who was walking beside me to the next hole. Logan was in front of me trying to distract Lucas, who was taking his next turn at the sixth hole. He coughed loudly just as Lucas took his swing. It didn’t affect him at all. He got another hole in one. He was a mini-putt genius. 
Sarah leaned against a maple tree, knowing we weren’t in a hurry. Emma was up, taking extra time to get a good shot. “Well, you know my stalker was trying to break us up, right?” I nodded, remembering the tale of the guy who had pushed Logan off the cliff, thinking that he was Lucas. “He did. He followed me around, threw a rock in my window, and tried to run me over. Lucas was afraid I’d be hurt, so he broke up with me to keep me safe.”
“I still can’t believe some guy would do all that. Did you ever find out why?”
She glanced away from me, looking uncomfortable. “Um…why don’t you go next?” She gestured to the now empty tee. Emma was standing near the end of the fake grass, giving Lucas a hard time.
“Okay, sure,” I said, wondering why she didn’t answer my question. I placed my ball on the green and bent over it.
“You can do it, Lisa. We can’t let Lucas win. Get a hole in one,” Logan said from close beside me. His presence was causing the familiar vibration.
I swung my club up above my shoulder. “Is that you, Logan?” Sasha Martin stood at the hole next to us, waving to my boyfriend. I swung so hard that the ball went into the next section, where a little boy in a ball cap was just sending his green ball under a windmill. My ball hit his, and it collided with the boards.
“It is you. I haven’t seen you all summer.” She was standing with a few kids from school, all from Logan’s class. Kyle Johnson, Lucas’ friend, was in her group, but wandered over to talk to Lucas.
Logan tensed beside me, looking from side to side as though looking for an escape. “Hi, Sasha.” He stepped away from me, walking toward the group, standing right in front of her, so I couldn’t see or hear their conversation.
Someone spoke from behind me, but I was too busy glaring at Logan’s back to hear.
“Lisa!” Lucas said loudly, taking a step in front of me.
I blinked, coming out of my trance. “What?”
He held up my pink ball. “I got your ball, go again.”
I took one last glance at Logan, who was walking away from Sasha. She looked annoyed, and he looked guilty. I tried to make eye contact, but he was suddenly very interested in his shoes.
“Come on, Kyle, let’s play!” Sasha shouted, turning away, heading back to her group. She stalked up to Grace Carter, whispered in her ear, then turned back and glared right at me.
Kyle waved to the guys before wandering over to Sasha. I couldn’t look away from the witch that helped play a joke on me, and right at this moment, I didn’t know why I was with her partner in crime either. I felt his hand rub my back, and his hot breath against my hair. “It’s your turn,” Logan whispered from behind me.
I pulled away from his touch, suddenly angry at him. When I watched the two of them have an awkward conversation, I wasn’t in a mini-putt park. I was standing in an empty hallway two years ago watching the boy of my dreams make out with someone else. And it didn’t matter that I was back to the present where he was my boyfriend, and I loved being with him. The image wouldn’t leave my mind.
The rest of the game went by without me. Of course I was there, but my brain only played scenes from that horrid night. Logan made attempts to talk to me, even tried to wrap his arms around me, but I made an excuse to slip away from him every time.
Lucas beat us, of course, and the rest of them made plans to eat at Charlie’s, a diner about a mile from school.

“What’s wrong, Lisa?” Logan asked from beside me in the car. We were following Derrick, who was driving the rest of them in his big SUV.
I turned to him, forcing a smile. “I’m just tired.”
I could tell he didn’t believe me, and although he tried to hide his feelings, his eyes looked worried. “If this is about Sasha, there’s nothing to worry about. She used to have a crush on me a while back, but we never dated.”
Yeah, right, maybe they didn’t date, but I knew there was something between them. So now he was lying to me.
I forced another smile, hoping to end the conversation. I had no interest in discussing why I was really angry. “I’m fine.”
He sighed, looking deflated, as if I had knocked the wind out of him. “We both know you’re not,” he said, leaving it at that.
Up ahead, Derrick turned into Charlie’s parking lot. When Logan pulled in beside him, I opened my door, rushing over to stand near Sarah. Logan watched me with a pained expression on his face, but I refused to let it bother me.
The diner was busy, with families and teenagers talking and laughing, the smell of grease and coffee filling the air. The atmosphere of the restaurant was casual family dining. And when you came here you knew you’d get good food and a smile from the staff. We found a table at the back, behind a family with two screaming kids. Emma sat as far as she could from them, giving the two little girls a look of disgust. “I am so not having kids until I’m forty.”
“Thank God for that,” Derrick mumbled, taking the seat beside her.
I sat between Sarah and Logan. The thought of sliding between Lucas and Sarah entered my mind, but since I was trying to act normal, I figured it wouldn’t be a smart move.
I held up my menu, covering my face. Logan wouldn’t stop gazing at me with his sad puppy dog eyes. It was starting to wear me down.
After we ordered, we sat back and talked about our day. “You know, I think you cheated, Lucas. I don’t know how yet, but I’ll figure it out.” Emma leaned back in her chair, playing with the ketchup bottle she pulled out of a metal basket in the center of the table.
Lucas just grinned at her. “Are you a sore loser, Emma?”
She moved the red bottle side to side, making thumping sounds on the laminate table. “No, but you must have. No one gets a hole in one every time.”
 “Do you know who you sound like, Emma?” Sarah asked.
“Who?” Emma spoke as a waitress came, dropping our food in front of us. 
“Andy and Kyle.”
“I do not.” She smiled at the waitress.
Sarah nodded her head, grinning widely. “They’re sore losers, who usually lose to you. I guess your competitive nature makes you act just like them.”
Emma glanced at Derrick. “Am I acting like them?”
“Yep.” He popped one of her fries in his mouth.
She sulked into her milkshake.
I felt Logan’s hand on my leg and was tempted to shake it off, but I knew if I did I’d just confirm my anger. I didn’t want another inquiry into my feelings. Instead, I ignored his hand and took a bite of my burger. 
Lucas’ phone beeped, and all eyes went to him. He took his cell out of his pocket, hit a few buttons, and after some low sounds coming from his phone, he burst out laughing. “What is it?” Sarah asked him. His laughter slowed until he managed to say, “Andy sent me a video.” He held it out to her. She grinned slightly, but didn’t laugh. Her eyes rolled as Derrick and Logan asked to see it.
Lucas handed the phone to Logan. I leaned in as he hit play. An animated video started of a T-Rex, a tiny dinosaur, and a pig. The T-Rex farted, sending a red puff of smoke behind him, and then the tiny dinosaur followed suit. The same red smoke came from behind it. The T-Rex clapped its little hands. Then it was the pig’s turn to fart. This time a large amount of green smoke appeared behind him, floating toward the two dinosaurs, causing them both to fall down dead. The pig grinned. Logan and Derrick burst out laughing. 
I grinned, looking to Sarah and Emma, wondering why the guys were laughing so hard. Sure it was a cute cartoon, but it wasn’t that funny. What was it that guys found so humorous about farting? Give a male kid or adult a whoopie cushion and they’d laugh every time it made the sound, as if they were surprised by the noise. I just didn’t get it.
Once everyone finished eating the guys got up to pay. I leaned against the front door waiting. “Is something wrong?” Sarah asked, leaning against me.
“No, why do you ask?”
“Because you’ve been quiet most of the day.”
“Have I?”
She nodded. “That, and Logan’s been staring at you with sad, pathetic eyes.”
“I really don’t want to talk about it. Okay?”
She nodded. “I understand. But if this has to do with Sasha, you need to know he has nothing to do with her. In fact, since I started dating Lucas, Logan hasn’t been with anyone.”
I raised an eyebrow at her, not believing that for a second.
“I know at school he was always talking to girls, and acting like some kind of ladies’ man, but at home, he’s with Lucas, Kyle, and Andy. Not once since I’ve been around has he dated at all. He’s all talk.” Sarah moved to stand beside me against the wall to let a cute older couple pass. 
“Oh, come on. It’s Logan we’re talking about.”
“I know, and I agree with you. At school, it looked like he was with tons of girls, and he might have been before I came around, but not once since.” Just as I was about to protest some more, the guys joined us.
We said our goodbyes as Logan took my hand, steering me to his car.




Chapter Seventeen
Fight

The drive home was quiet. I asked Logan a few questions about my car, and he answered abruptly. I was trying to get past my anger, and now apparently he refused to talk to me. My day started out so differently than it was ending. I woke this morning in bed with Logan, happy and content. I hadn’t even thought about my plan for revenge in days, and now all it took was to see Sasha with Logan, and everything changed.
Logan pulled into my driveway, turned the car off, and turned to me. “Can I come in? I’d like to talk to you alone.” My gut clenched, but I nodded. “Do you think your mom would let us hang out in your room?”
“Yeah, she’s not that strict.” We got out of the car and walked side by side to the porch. A car pulled in behind Logan’s, and we turned to see my dad climb out of his blue four by four. Without thinking, I took Logan’s hand and squeezed. “My dad,” I whispered. I knew he understood when he returned the gesture.
“Hello, Lisa,” my father said, standing in front of me at the bottom of the stairs, with a wary smile on his face.
“What are you doing here?” I snapped.
“I came to talk to your mother, and I was hoping to see you.” He took a step up. “Are you coming, or going?”
“Going,” I said at the same time Logan said, “Coming.” I narrowed my eyes and gripped his hand. He let go, stepping away from me, ignoring my evil glare.
“Hi, Mr. Miller. It’s nice to meet you. I’m Logan, Lisa’s boyfriend.” He held out his hand. My dad took it, surprised as I was that Logan was being so friendly.
“I’ve heard about you from Deb. She said you made quite an impression on Olivia.”
Ending the handshake, Logan smiled. “Yeah, she’s really cute.” He glanced back at me. I was inching toward the door trying to escape. “Actually, both of your daughters are amazing. You and Mrs. Miller have done a great job.”
My dad returned Logan’s smile and stepped forward, pushing past us. He knocked once before he opened the door. “Well, come in, Logan. You’re welcome here anytime.” He held the door for us like he owned the place. I guess he still did, but he obviously didn’t want to be here. 
We followed him in and sat in the living room, listening to my parents tell Logan embarrassing stories of when I was a little girl. I sat next to Logan on the couch waiting for an opening, so we could escape upstairs. Not that I wanted to have that conversation either, but at this point, it was a choice between one horrible moment, and the next.
We occupied the couch, while my parents faced us in the two club chairs. Logan turned to me. “Did you ask your parents yet?” My mind was a blank. I stared at him, hoping for a clue to what he was referring to. He mouthed the word cottage.
“Oh right.” I turned to my parents, prepared to be shot down. But the thought of a week without Logan or Sarah had me speaking out loud. “Um…Sarah’s parents have a cottage at Crescent Lake, and she and her friends have been planning to go there for a week in August, sort of a last time they all will be together thing. And Sarah asked me if I wanted to go with them.” I left Logan out of it, but of course, they weren’t stupid, they’d figure it out. My mom and dad glanced at each other, and then my dad spoke. “So, am I to assume that you’ll also be going Logan?” His friendly expression was now replaced with his concerned father mask.
Logan sat up straight. “Yes, but there are lots of bedrooms, and we already decided that the girls will share.”
The atmosphere in the room shifted, and an uncomfortable silence fell among us. My father narrowed his brown eyes at Logan, assessing the young man in front of him. “You do know I was eighteen once,” my father said, breaking the silence. Logan nodded his head, showing no signs that he was uncomfortable. “And do you know that my daughter is only seventeen?”
“Yes, I do.” He nodded, his expression serious. “And if you’re thinking what I think you’re thinking, you don’t have to worry. That hasn’t happened, and it won’t. We haven’t been together that long, we’re not ready.” My cheeks heated. I wanted to punch both my father and Logan.
Instead, I shoved my boyfriend with my shoulder. “Logan, stop,” I hissed, and then I turned to my dad. “Have I ever given you reason not to trust me?”
He looked to my mother, and she nodded. He sighed. “Fine, Lisa, you can go.”
I grinned and sat back against the cushions, the movement, stirring the air, Logan’s scent washing around me.
After that horribly awkward conversation was over, I had to listen to my parents talk more about my childhood. Every time I tried to stand up and escape, Logan would grab my arm to hold me down. He seemed really interested in the story my dad was telling. “So when I finally got out my camera, she refused to hold the fish. Her cousins took turns posing with the biggest pike I’d ever caught, but not her; instead, she crossed her little arms, refusing to touch it.”
“Is that why you hate seafood?” Logan asked me, his eyebrow arched in question.
“Part of the reason,” I mumbled.”
Logan laughed, taking my hand. “Well, it was really nice to meet you, Mr. Miller.”
My dad held up his hand. “Call me Matt.”
Logan smiled. “Okay, Matt.” He turned to me. “Did you want to show me that program on your computer before I go?” he said, finally giving us a chance to get away. We stood up and started for the staircase.
“Wait,” my father said from behind us. We turned around to face him. He ran his hand roughly through his dark hair, appearing nervous. “Would you two like to come to my condo for dinner next Wednesday?” Damn it, we were both off that evening.
I opened my mouth to refuse. Logan spoke up, interrupting me. “Of course, we’d love to.” I squeezed his hand, hoping to break a knuckle, but of course, he didn’t even flinch.
“What the hell, Logan?” I almost shouted once we were in my room, safely out of earshot. “I told you that I don’t want anything to do with him.”
He was sitting in my black chair with his feet folded in front of him on the floor. His arms were behind his head, and he was wearing a grin on his face that I wanted to wipe off. “And I told you that it’s not right to hold a grudge. You don’t even know if he had an affair. You need to talk to him, to make things right.”
A longing inside me told me that I wanted to do exactly that, but I was stubborn. He couldn’t run my life for me. “Logan, you can’t tell me what to do, you know. I may be your girlfriend, but you’re not my boss.” Well, technically he was my bosses’ son, and that might make him my boss too, but this had nothing to do with work.
He sat forward in the chair. “Maybe someone should tell you what to do, because what you’re doing to your father is wrong.”
“And who are you to decide what’s right? When did you become so righteous? As I recall, it wasn’t so long ago that you were always screwing up.”
His face reddened with anger. “Are you ever going to get over my past behavior? Or should I expect you to constantly throw my mistakes in my face?” He stood up, staring down at me.
It was the first time I had ever seen him angry, and I had to admit, I wasn’t thrilled. I hated the thought that it was directed at me. What would happen if he found out what I did, and continued to do, to him? I remained silent glaring at him, still angry that he talked to Sasha, and now was sticking his nose in my business.
When I didn’t answer, his face hardened, and his gold-flecked hazel eyes turned cold. “You know what? I can’t win with you. I had to jump through hoops to even get you to go out with me, and now I can’t help you when I know you’re hurting yourself and your family. It’s not my business, right? I’m a screw-up, and I don’t know a damn thing.” He paced in front of me, waving his arms. “You’d think because of my mistakes that I might know a thing or two about what you’re going through, but no.  You can’t forget my past.” He suddenly stopped and looked at me, searching my face for a response.
When I simply stared back at him, he spun on his heels, and marched to the door. It was open, and when he passed through, I felt his absence. I hated fighting with him, and the idea of Logan storming out left me feeling empty. I didn’t want him to leave, not like this. “Wait.” I mouthed the word, but of course, he didn’t hear me. I flinched as he slammed the door behind him; I stood where I was, listening.
The sound of his muffled voice talking to my parents carried up to my room, and then the front door shut.
I tried not to let his anger bother me—why would I care? I was only doing this to get back at him. Make him feel like I did. I wanted him to hurt…right? And my plan was working. Yes, he was mad, but I could see in his eyes that I had managed to make him feel at least a fraction of the pain that I had.
I lay down on my bed, focusing on my collection of DVDs. Yes, this was a good thing. My plan was working, I repeated in my head. I would get the revenge I craved for two years. I should be happy. I should be planning my next move against him. Wasn’t that what any criminal mastermind would do?
So why was there an ache in my chest, and why were my eyes stinging with the threat of tears? And why did his absence fill me with a void?
Covering myself with my duvet and flicking the light off, I closed my eyes, hoping for oblivion, but instead I saw Logan’s cocky grin and his gold-speckled hazel eyes. My mind wouldn’t stop replaying images of Logan kissing me, of his smile, and his warm hand in mine. I held up my right hand, feeling the absence of his touch, and wanting his warm fingers to intertwine through mine. I turned around and buried my face into my pillow and screamed. The fresh scent of laundry soap had no effect on my mood.
Ugh…I needed a distraction. 
I sat up in bed and grabbed my laptop off my nightstand. The only light in the room was the blue glow from my screen saver. The memory of this morning’s email popped in my head, and I was surprised that it was the first time I had thought of it. I signed on and scanned through my new emails. All junk, except for one unknown, a reply from this morning. Whoever it was, answering my question. I hesitated, not entirely sure if I wanted to know the answer. I closed my eyes and then clicked on the message. I took two deep breaths before opening my eyes. My old email was on the bottom asking who are you? and the response was: I’m from your dreams.
I gasped as my hand flew to my mouth. I sat frozen, reading the words over and over. How could anyone know about my dreams? Only my three best friends knew that fact, and I knew that they would never tell anyone. I trusted them with my life.
Before I could change my mind, my hand was on the mouse, clicking the reply button. I wrote quickly, hoping I was right, that it was just a joke. Logan? Could he be screwing with me again? Had I misjudged him?
My hands shook as I waited for a response. I had no idea how long it would take, so I surfed the Internet, downloading a few songs to my MP3 player.
After fifteen minutes, I could wait no longer. I went back to my email and saw that they had answered. I clicked the message: Who’s Logan? By the way, did you have fun playing mini putt? I gasped, and slammed the computer shut, tossing it to the end of my bed.
I jumped up and spun around on my beige carpet, suddenly terrified. Who was doing this, and how did they know where I spent my day?  Could it truly be Logan? Since I was with him, he would know where I was today, and he must know about the dreams since his cruel joke years ago. It had to be him. If it wasn’t, who could it be?
The need to get answers suddenly overwhelmed me, and the only way to get them was to confront the boy who constantly evoked so many conflicting emotions inside me.
I pulled on a pair of jeans and threw a hoodie over my tank top, rushing out of my room. I grabbed my mom’s keys and headed out the door. I’d be back before she knew I was even gone.
I drove all the way out to Oakland Road, on the outskirts of Brownridge, with the music turned off; I needed to concentrate. Trying to figure out who the mysterious e-mailer could be, I came up blank. The only person that made sense was Logan, although I was with him when I received two phone hang-ups, and I now wondered if they were connected to the e-mails. I was speeding, but I didn’t care. Not many cars drove out this way, and with a quick glance at the clock, I knew I would be alone. No one traveled around here at one-thirty in the morning.
Even though the road was dark with no streetlights, I hardly noticed, my mind on the messages. Logan’s house came into view; I slowed to make the turn into the driveway.
All the cars were lined up on the paved driveway. The house was dark and silent. I opened and shut my door very quietly, careful not to make too much noise and wake anyone. I tiptoed to the garage door and turned the knob. It was locked. Damn it.
I felt around for a key, trying not to think about the fact that I was alone in the middle of nowhere, at night. My fingers felt along the edge of the doorframe and touched something cold and hard—a key. Yes.
I shoved it in the lock and turned. The door squeaked as it opened. I stepped quietly through the garage, dodging lawn chairs and my car. “Ow.” My foot slammed into the corner of a large standing tool box, and all the metal and steel tools banged together with a loud crash. I stopped, waiting for movement in the house, and when I heard nothing, I continued.
Finally, I reached his door, hoping the key would open this lock as well. It slid in easily, and I sighed with relief when the knob turned.
With my hand still holding the doorknob, I was jerked forward as the door flew open. Logan stood in front of me, wearing only black cotton boxer briefs. He towered above me with a bat poised over his head, about to strike. “Logan, it’s me.”
He stared at me for two beats before dropping the bat. It fell to the floor with a clatter. “What the hell are you doing, Lisa? I could have hurt you.” He wrapped me tightly in his arms, nestling his face in my hair. I lay my cheek against his warm bare chest. This was what I needed after that email, the safety of his embrace, holding me tight. But it didn’t last nearly as long as I wanted. He held me at arm’s length, glaring at me. “What are you doing here?” His voice was cold. Now that the shock at seeing me was gone, he remembered our fight.
“I need to talk to you.” My voice was as shaky as I felt.
“Not interested.” He let go of me and bent down to turn on the lamp next to the couch, flooding the small room with a warm glow.
“Logan, where’s your laptop?”
“You came here to borrow my computer?” he asked incredulously.
“Just answer the question,” I snapped, suddenly impatient.
“I think it’s in one of the boxes in my bedroom. Why?”
Dread hit me like a fist in my stomach. “Can I see?”
His expression turned from anger to worry. “Tell me why?”
“Please,” I pleaded. I wasn’t ready to open up about the emails, or the phone calls. He gave me an exasperated sigh and started toward his bedroom. I followed behind him, sneaking a glance at his strong smooth back.
He clicked on a lamp; the soft light created shadows throughout his cluttered room. I looked over at the boxes I had laid my clothes on. They were all marked, and untouched from this morning. The T-shirt and shorts I had discarded still lay on top. The bottom box in the middle had the word laptop written in black marker on it.
The sheet and blanket on his bed were thrown back. His hair was messy, and his eyes still drooped slightly with sleep. I had my answer; it wasn’t Logan. It took me ten minutes to get here, and the message that had scared me was sent ten minutes before I left. It couldn’t be him; he had been asleep, and his laptop was packed.
The evening finally caught up to me. My fight with Logan, my struggle to sleep while missing him, and then the emails that terrified me were more than I cared to admit. My body trembled with fear, making me fall onto the corner of the bed. I didn’t cry, although it was extremely hard to hold the tears back. I couldn’t let him see how scared I truly was.
He bent down, resting his hands on my shoulders, but the warm tingling his touch created was little comfort. “What’s going on, Lisa?”
“Can we talk about our fight?” I changed the subject, hoping he’d forget that I asked about his laptop.
He sighed and sat down beside me on the bed. “You drove here in the middle of the night, snuck into my apartment, to talk about our fight?” He shook his head. “I don’t buy it.”
“It’s true, I couldn’t sleep. I didn’t like the way we left things.”
He looked at me suspiciously. “Then why the questions about my laptop?”
I closed my eyes, and damn it, a tear escaped, falling slowly down my cheek. “Please just leave it alone for now.”
Since my eyes were closed, I felt his arms wrap around my body, comforting me. His bare chest was wet within seconds, because as soon as his arms enveloped me, the floodgates opened. I cried so hard I couldn’t stop. It wasn’t just the fear that brought the tears out. It was also our fight, the emotional struggle I’d had for two years over him, and if I was truly honest with myself, it was my dad. Everything Logan said earlier was true. I missed my father. But I couldn’t forgive him for what he did. Was Logan right? Was it wrong to hold grudges against people you loved?
When the sobs finally ceased, he cradled me in his arms as if I were a baby and carried me to the top of the bed, where he placed me inside the blankets. He disappeared into the living room to turn out the light. He was back in a flash, crawling inside the blankets next to me. He lay behind me with his arm around my waist, spooning me. He never said another word, and that’s how we fell asleep, with me tucked safely against him.




Chapter Eighteen
Daddy’s Girl

I woke the next morning, feeling hot breath on the back of my neck. I knew where I was instantly. His scent, mixed with laundry soap, was etched in the pillow.
His arm was where he had left it on my waist, last night. I glanced at the clock and cringed. It was six o’clock, and I should probably leave. My mom didn’t know where I was, and she would freak when she noticed I was gone. I lifted his arm and crawled out of bed, tiptoeing out of the room.
I found his cell phone, having forgotten mine at home, and dialed my mom. It rang twice before she answered. “Uh...hello?” She sounded groggy; thankfully she hadn’t noticed my absence.
“Hi, Mom,” I whispered, not wanting to wake Logan.
“Lisa? Where are you?” Her voice was suddenly panicked.
“I’m fine, but I borrowed your car last night because I needed to talk to Logan. We had a fight. I didn’t mean to stay long, except I fell asleep.”
She groaned. “Don’t ever leave without telling me again.”
“I’m sorry. I’ll be home later.”
“Okay, but not too long, Lisa.” There was a warning in her tone.
I hung up, snuck back into bed, and fell back to sleep.
Movement behind me pulled me from my slumber. I didn’t turn, but I knew he was awake. His arm no longer rested on my waist. He sighed heavily a few times, obviously waiting for me to wake so we could talk.
“I’m sorry.” My voice was just above a whisper. I wasn’t sure if I truly was. But so much had happened; I just really wanted this to be over.
“For what?” His voice was almost as cold as it was last night. Great, he was going to make me work for it.
“For throwing your past in your face, but not for getting mad about my dad. You know how I feel. Even if you don’t agree, it’s my life.” I didn’t turn around. It was easier if I didn’t have to face him.
He took a deep breath. “Fine, I’ll give you that. But can’t you just think about what I said?” His voice was as gentle as a soft kiss. It was difficult not to consider his words.
“I really don’t want to fight anymore.”
“Neither do I.” His fingers touched my shoulder softly. “Are you going to look at me?”
I wanted to, but I was worried he would ask about my behavior last night. “Only if you drop the rest. Don’t ask me about the laptop. Or the crying.”
He groaned. “For now. But I need to know what’s going on, Lisa.” His hand gently rubbed my arm. “I…care for you.” Relief washed over me when he finished his sentence, because for a second I thought he might drop the L word, and I sooo wasn’t ready for that.
I turned to face him, and he smiled, reaching up to trace my forehead with his finger, slowly gliding it down to my cheek. The electric pulse was there as always. But since his finger barely touched my skin, it left tingles all over. He kissed me with a gentleness that I didn’t know was in him. His tongue slid into my mouth and skimmed along my teeth, exploring the textures and tastes until it met mine. His fingers plunged into my hair and he guided me onto my back. Lying above me, he lifted himself up to look into my eyes. “God you’re beautiful in the morning.” He bent down, touching his lips to mine. I was very aware of my morning breath. “And in the afternoon,” he murmured against my lips. “And the evening.” He was silent after that; the only sounds were the mumbles and sighs we shared until it was time for me to head home, knowing my mother would be waiting. We both worked the evening shift, and he was picking me up. 
I snuck outside in my pajamas and hoodie, and drove home.

The next few days went by as any other. It was filled with work and Logan. I helped him put in the windshield and back window; now all that was left was the paint job. The cherry red paint was ordered and would be in by the end of the week. I emptied out my bank account and handed it over to Nick for the parts on his account, and my parents promised to pay for the rest. I avoided my email account, and only answered my cell phone when I recognized the number.
Wednesday night after work Logan picked me up, and together, we drove to my dad’s condo.
I knew where he lived, but had never been there. It was only a few blocks from our house. He had chosen to stay close, in case we ever needed anything. It was a four-story gray brick building with a large flower garden out front. He said he was on the first floor, and we could enter through the side patio door instead of going through the building. Logan parked in the lot, and taking my hand, he gave it a much needed, supportive squeeze.
We walked through some bushes and gardens until we came upon the first floor patios. I saw my dad sitting with his back to us about the fourth apartment down. He turned around as we approached. He was reading the paper where he sat at a whitewashed metal patio set. A coffee mug sat off to the side, the paper lay discarded on the table. He smiled and waved us over.
Logan literally pulled me to the fence and opened the gate for me.
“Welcome, kids. How was your day?” my father asked, standing up to greet us.
Logan glanced at me, waiting for me to speak, and when I didn’t he responded. “It was good. The restaurant was really busy, I was glad to escape.”
My dad focused on me, and I just nodded. “Come on, sit down. I thought we’d eat out here. How do burgers sound?”
We both took a seat in front of the patio table; the chair I chose was hard, but strangely comfortable. “Sounds good. Do you need help?” Logan offered, leaning back in his chair, looking right at home.
“No, you just sit and relax. Can I get you two a drink?”
“I’d love a soda if you have any?” My boyfriend was as comfortable as ever, while I, on the other hand, found it hard to find my voice.
“Sure.” He faced me. “Lisa?”
“I’ll have the same.” Why was I so nervous?
When my dad disappeared into the condo, I felt Logan nudge me. “You know, you could speak.”
“I don’t have anything to say. I told you that I didn’t want to be here,” I whispered.
My father came out, and I worried he had heard me, but his expression was blank. We sat back, and as the two men chatted, my dad started the barbeque.
After dinner, I offered to do the dishes while the two of them continued their conversation. Logan glared at me, and then glanced at my dad. “Lisa thinks you had an affair,” he blurted.
I choked on the soda I had just poured into my mouth. “Logan!”
Logan gave me a guilty grin, and shrugged his shoulders.
My dad’s eyes widened to the size of soccer balls; his expression could only be interpreted as shock. “Is that true, Lisa?”
What was I supposed to say? “Um…I guess.” I couldn’t look him in the eye; instead, I picked at my black skirt, pulling on the hem.
Logan rolled his eyes at me before focusing on my dad again. “She saw you with a woman having dinner before your separation, and assumed you were having an affair.” He stood up. 
My eyes widened this time, unable to hide my surprise at his behavior. I reached for his hand but he backed up, just out of my reach. “I’ll go do the dishes while you two talk.” He disappeared through the door before I could stop him.
He was so going to pay. He told me that he would stop interfering, and this was way beyond butting in. I buried my head in my hands. I didn’t want to do this. 
“Lisa, look at me.” When I didn’t move, my father spoke. “Where did you see me? At Sabour’s?” I nodded. “Oh, honey, that was my lawyer, Miss Bennett, and she has someone in her life. Her name is Lydia.”
My head jerked up, raising my eyebrows at him. “She’s…Are you serious?”
He smiled slightly, and nodded. “Yes. Your mother and I simply fell out of love. We stayed together as long as we did, for you, and then your sister. We tried so hard to stay a family, but it just didn’t work. But we are friends, and always will be.”
Tears poured down my face before I could stop them, as part of the ache in my chest vanished. “You really didn’t have an affair?”
“No, honey. I would never do that to your mother. She’s my best friend.”
I stood up and wrapped my arms around him, burying my face in his chest. I missed his scent of cologne, and mint. “I’m so sorry, Daddy,” I sobbed.
He stroked my hair and held me tightly. “It’s okay. But you need to know that you can talk to me about anything. I love you, baby, and I hated that you wouldn’t speak to me.”
“I won’t do it again, I promise.” My voice broke with emotion.
He held me for a long time, while I sat on his lap, just as I had when I was a child, making up for lost time.
When I finally pulled away, sitting back down in my own seat, I wiped my tears and looked up. Logan was standing in the doorway, smiling, his eyes alight with satisfaction.
“Logan, come out here,” Dad said, standing up. He reached out, giving Logan a quick hug, with a friendly slap on the back. “How can I thank you for giving me back my daughter?”
Logan glanced my way. “You can tell her not to yell at me for sticking my nose where it doesn’t belong.”
My father turned to me and pointed. “Don’t you dare yell at him, young lady. He is good for you.”
I stuck my tongue out at Logan. His grin was grateful. I could tell he was worried I’d be angry with him, but truthfully, I was thankful. Maybe I was stubborn, because I would have held onto my anger for no reason.
We left soon after, and Logan took me home. 
As soon as we stepped into the house, my mother rushed out of the kitchen, wrapping Logan in her arms. When she released him, she hugged me.
“Dad called?” I asked, still inside her tight embrace.
She nodded, hugging Logan again. “Thank you,” she said, her voice muffled against his shoulder.
I was finally able to pull Logan out of my mother’s grip so we could escape upstairs.
Inside my room, Logan said. “It’s your turn.”
“What?” I had no idea what he was talking about.
“Your favorite movie, remember.”
“It’s already in the CD player. Come on.” We curled up on my bed with his arm wrapped around me, and watched Beautiful in Blue. It had been my favorite movie ever since I was eight, when I first saw it.
Before the opening song ended, I looked at him and smiled. “Thank you.” Instead of answering, he bent down to kiss the top of my head. I was so happy in his arms, finally at peace with my dad, and watching my favorite movie. Life was good.
After Logan left, I fell asleep into another dream.

My parents were so excited when I told them Ben had proposed that they insisted on throwing an engagement party. Everybody was here, celebrating with us. If only I could find my fiancé. “Annie, I’m so happy for you,” Milly, a fellow nurse, gushed, coming up to me in her sparkly blue dress.
“Thanks, Milly. Have you seen Benjamin?”
“Uh…yes, I think he’s in the back talking to Lewis.”
I waded through the crowded room looking for my man. He wasn’t anywhere to be seen. Milly said he was at the back of the room, but there was nothing here but the makeshift cloakroom. I turned to leave, and heard soft voices behind the wall where the coats were. I stood in the doorway, and listened.
“I’m sorry, Lewis, but I love her,” Ben was saying in a hushed tone.
“But she’s mine, Ben.”
“She’s your friend, nothing more.”
“We’ve known each other since we were children. You can’t take her from me, I love her.”
I gasped and ran to the restroom. Once inside the plush dressing room, I stared at my reflection in the mirror, extremely shocked at what I had heard. Lewis, my friend since childhood, loved me? What would I do? I didn’t love him. He was my friend, and I couldn’t hurt him.

I jerked awake, surprised at the dream. It was so similar to the one from what I thought to be the fifteenth-century me that I wondered what these dreams really meant. When they started, I thought it was because I had a crush on Logan, but now that we were together they should have stopped. Instead, they were coming more frequently.

Thursday night Kelly, Ethan, and Adam came over for our weekly poker game. Ethan and Adam told us stories of the new girls they had met on the beach, and Ethan gave me a lecture about ignoring his messages on my social page. He said he had sent me several over the last week with no answer. I never mentioned why I was avoiding my computer, just told him that I had been busy. I actually almost won our game, but of course Kelly the card shark did, but not by much.
Logan and I worked both days of the weekend, and didn’t have any time to paint the car. We were heading for the cottage in a week, and Karen had us all working as much as possible.




Chapter Nineteen
Paradise

On Saturday morning we set out early on our way to Crescent Lake. Since there were eight of us, we took two cars. Sarah, Lucas, Emma, and Derrick led our little convoy, while Kyle, Andy, Logan, and I followed behind. It was a long ride, full of conversations about sports, action flicks, and girls. Kyle and Andy must have bathed in cologne, because the car reeked of it. I preferred Logan’s sweet and sometimes savory scent. He did wear cologne on occasion, but it was much more subtle than the two boys who sat behind me. I kept my window open for some fresh air.
Desperate to escape the testosterone-filled vehicle, I almost jumped out of the car before it stopped in the driveway of Sarah’s family cottage.
With our bags at our sides, Logan and I waited on the white wicker furniture placed in the sun porch. We watched the rest of the group argue over rooms, throwing bags and suitcases around. Emma and Kyle were the loudest, both wanting the second biggest room. Everyone agreed that Lucas and Sarah should have the largest one with the view of the beach, but couldn’t agree on the rest. They both thought that they deserved the bedroom beside them; it also had a great view.
Sarah finally made Kyle and Andy take the attic, explaining that they could also see the beach from up there. She decided that Emma could have the one she wanted, because the trip was Emma’s idea to begin with.
Finally with everyone else in their chosen rooms, Logan led me to the only one left, on the opposite side of the house from our friends.
The room itself was painted a pale green with framed pictures of a meadow and one of a beach. A double bed occupied the center of the room with a dresser next to a spacious closet. A set of French doors was located in the north wall, and it opened to a terrace that led to a garden. Colorful stones made up a path that wound through beautiful wild, exotic flowers. A small black metal patio set was placed in the midst of extremely tall multicolored plants. “I thought you said we wouldn’t have to share,” I said, looking out at the breathtaking scene outside.
Logan stood in the doorway with our bags. “That was before Kyle and Andy invited themselves, but don’t worry, I’ll sleep on the couch. Do you mind if I keep my duffel in here?” He tossed his black bag on the floor by the closet and set my small suitcase on the bed. It was white metal framed with a flowered quilt. I sat down on the white wicker chair in the corner and sighed. I could be very happy here.
Logan opened the terrace door; a nice soft breeze blew the scent of the flowers through the screen.
Everything just screamed relaxing. The flowers that moved in the wind out our window and the sounds of the waves crashing against the beach was heaven. “You can stay in here,” I said, looking up at him.
His head spun to meet my gaze. “Are you sure?”
I nodded. “I’m sure, but one false move and you’re out.”
He laughed as he took my hand, pulling me up to give me a long, amazing kiss. We collapsed on the bed, after Logan shoved my suitcase off. We stayed in our room, looking for a little time to ourselves. The six-hour car ride was noisy and very crowded.
A half hour later, I went back out to the kitchen to help Emma and Sarah put the food away. The guys were in the backyard taking the outside furniture from the garage, placing it around the cement patio that stretched out along the width of the cottage.
When the heavy lifting was finished, we took out drinks and sandwiches to the boys. We sat outside eating our lunch overlooking the lake.
“Hey, Sarah, I saw a volleyball net in the garage. Do you think your parents would mind if we used it?” Kyle asked Sarah right before he took a sip of his root beer.
“Of course they wouldn’t mind. We can use anything that’s here, including that boat.” She pointed to a small red speed boat tied to a wooden dock.
Every head turned around to look at where she pointed. “Is there a tube?” Andy asked, looking excited.
Sarah grinned and nodded with her mouth full of bread.

Hours later, Sarah, Emma, and Derrick set up the volleyball net, while Lucas sat in the sand taking their pictures. He was going to NYU in the fall to study photography and I was told to get used to the camera, because he was planning on using his photos of our vacation in his portfolio.
I was relaxing in my new red bikini, wearing my wide sunglasses, lying on a lounge chair. Logan sat behind me, bouncing a tennis ball on the cement patio.
“I’m not playing if Lisa is,” Andy announced, walking up to us. The wooden screen door slammed shut from his departure. He had been inside checking the place out with Kyle.
I smiled, remembering the last time I had played the game with him. I wasn’t surprised he didn’t want to play with me.
Logan scowled and tossed the ball at him, hitting Andy on the shoulder with a loud thud. The ball bounced off his shirt onto the cement. “Why not?” Logan growled before bending down to retrieve it.
Andy touched the spot where the ball had hit him. “Ow,” he said just as he darted forward, trying to steal Logan’s ball. Logan snatched it back, holding it out of reach. Unlike Andy’s five foot something, Logan was six foot one, and Andy didn’t have a chance at stretching high enough to steal the ball. Andy finally gave up and leaned against the cottage. “Have you seen her play?” he finally asked, pointing at me. 
“No.”
“She’s good. She kicked our asses at the beach party.”
Logan glanced over at me with one eyebrow cocked. “Is that true?”
I nodded and laughed as I stood up. “Come on, Andy, stop acting like a girl,” I said with a grin. “Besides, you can be on my team.”
That perked him up. “Really?” He sauntered over and stood beside me, lifting his arm to wrap around my shoulder. The breeze from the lake blew his light blond hair into his green eyes.
Logan cleared his throat, holding the ball in his hand. “Hey, Taylor, you want to keep that arm?”
Andy only held me tighter. “She’s my partner. Get your own.”
We picked teams, and again, I was stuck with the guys. Emma wanted to be on my team, but Derrick had the brilliant idea that we should just stay with the people we drove here with. So, if I hadn’t spent enough time with them, now we were on the same team.
Of course we won, and by a great deal. Logan helped a lot, and we beat them by six points. Since Emma and Andy were super-competitive, they had made a bet that the losers had to make dinner.
Just as the sun was setting, the four of us sat on the beach while Derrick and Lucas barbequed burgers and the two girls made cold pasta salad.
Logan and I were back on the lounge chairs discussing what was left to be done in order to finish my car. “I promise, Lisa; I’ll paint it as soon as we get home. You’ll be driving your own wheels in about two weeks.”
I was almost giddy at the thought. To have the freedom of going anywhere, anytime, without borrowing or waiting for rides was thrilling. “I can’t wait,” I said with a grin.
A wine cooler popped in front of me. The hand that held it was tanned, with a jagged scar on the thumb and dirty fingernails. My eyes traveled up into Kyle’s vivid blue eyes. He held the drink in front of me. “You deserve it after you won the game for us.”
Their acceptance made me feel special. “Thank you, Kyle, but I don’t drink.” He frowned, as if the idea of a senior in high school that didn’t drink was a foreign concept to him. “I’ll take a cream soda though.” He smiled and headed back toward the cottage.
“Bring me a cola,” Logan called over his shoulder.
“Get it yourself,” Kyle responded, heading to the screen door.
“I think you’ve made some new friends.” Logan nodded at Kyle’s back, and at Andy where he stood beside the two cooks, mocking them.
“I can’t believe that they’re so competitive. Do you think Emma likes them? They seem to fight a lot.”
“Of course she does. She likes to rag on them. That’s her fun. And they love bugging her. It’s their thing.” He shrugged his shoulders.
“I’m glad I came. We’ve only been here a few hours, and I’m having fun already.”
“You sure you’re okay about sharing a room?”
“Logan, I trust you.”
His once relaxed expression turned intense. “That means so much to me. You have no idea.” His sudden change of mood made me a tad nervous. I had a feeling our fun and easy relationship was about to change. I just wasn’t sure if it was for better or worse.
After dinner, Sarah asked if I wanted to check my email while the rest of them cleaned up in the kitchen. There was a computer in the living room. It was old, but it had Internet. Everyone else had sent an email to their parents reassuring them that they had arrived alive, and now it was my turn.
I really didn’t want to go on my email account. “I’ll just text her,” I said, taking my phone out of my bag.
“No cell range,” Logan said absently, grabbing a cookie out of a sealed container. I wasn’t sure what my expression looked like, but when Logan looked at me after taking a bite, his face was filled with concern. “What’s wrong?” He reached for me, touching the back of his hand to my cheek. “Your skin is pale. What’s got you spooked?”
I moved away from him, knowing he was too damn perceptive. It was getting harder to hide my feelings from him. “I’m fine. I’ll be right back.”
I walked out of the kitchen quickly, hoping to have privacy when I signed onto my email. Thankfully the room was empty. I sat down on the roller chair and pulled up my email page. A feeling of dread washed over me. There were three messages from the same unknown address. Since I hadn’t checked my messages in over a week, I was happy there weren’t more. I opened up a new message and typed a letter to my mom, telling her that we made it, describing how beautiful the spot was, the large sandy beach, the clear blue lake, the lush houses along the strip, and finally the cottage we were staying in. I told her that I’d email her in a few days, and then hit send.
Back to my inbox, I noticed Ethan sent a few of his regular reminders of our nightly chats, and my cell phone carrier told me to check my bill online. I figured I had stalled enough, so after I deleted the junk mail, I focused on the unknown addresses.
I knew I should just delete them without looking, but my morbid curiosity won out. I clicked on the first one, dated the day after I ran to Logan’s at midnight. Is that Logan guy your boyfriend? I closed it and opened the next one. Are you ignoring me? My heart rate started to speed up as I moved onto the next one. Are you going to answer me?!!!
“Who the hell is that?”
I jumped at the sudden sound of Logan’s voice from right above my head. The messages had me so disturbed that I hadn’t felt his presence. I spun around and looked up into his hazel eyes; they were clouded with worry.
I spun back around to the computer and started to close it, but Logan pushed me away. And then he did something that annoyed me. He opened every message from the unknown email, all the while holding me back. I tried to reach around him, but his arm was too strong for me. 
After he’d read the final one, he slowly turned toward me. His expression was blank. “What’s going on? Who is that?” He pointed to the computer screen.
I closed my eyes, realizing that I couldn’t ignore them any longer. I had hoped, keeping them to myself would make the problem go away, but that was obviously not working. “I don’t know.” My eyes remained closed; it was easier to get the words out.
I felt his finger under my chin, lifting my head up. “Look at me, Lisa.”
I did as I was told and glanced up into his worry-filled eyes. “What?”
“Tell me.”
“A few weeks ago, I started to get these emails and hang-ups on my cell phone. I don’t know who’s doing it; I don’t recognize the phone number, or the email address. But please don’t make a big deal of it, okay. It’s probably just some idiot trying to be funny.”
“Do you really believe that?”
“Yes, and I want you to forget about it,” I pleaded.
His eyes were hard as he looked down at me. “How can I forget about it? Someone is threatening you.”
“No, they’re not. So far they’ve been just trying to scare me, and I won’t give them the satisfaction. So please, let’s not make this into something it’s not. Let’s not ruin our trip.”
He stared at me, his eyes still cold, searching my face. “Fine, but please tell me if it happens again.”
“Only if you promise not to tell anyone else.”
He thought it through for several seconds, before slowly nodding, his expression softening.
I leaned over the chair to close my email and was suddenly pulled into his arms. His hold on me was tight, his face buried in my hair. He breathed deeply, and then whispered, “I won’t let anything, or anyone hurt you.” His voice was so fierce with determination that my heart skipped a beat. He was always surprising me. I thought I knew Logan before we started dating. He was charming, self assured, and also slightly full of himself. But these last few weeks, I’d realized that there was so much more to him.
He loosened his grip on me, and I took his hand. “Come on, everyone’s waiting for us.”
He pulled me outside to the beach, where our housemates sat around a bonfire. The sun had set, leaving the sky a purple, black color. We sat beside Sarah, and I leaned back in my lawn chair, snuggled in Logan’s oversized pullover fleece hoodie, listening to the rest of them talk about their last year in high school. Of course I had nothing to say, feeling for the first time left out. They were all a year older than me, and when I started school in two weeks, I’d be going back with only my old friends. My new ones would be scattered around the country at their own respective colleges. The only one that wasn’t leaving was Logan, who was taking a year off to be trained by his father before going to culinary school.
“Oh man, did you see that blond chick with the black bikini? The one that walked by here while we were eating?” Kyle asked the guys.
I had a long stick with a marshmallow, holding it into the coals of the fire. Smoke floated above the flames, eventually disappearing into the sky.
“Uh…Kyle, what about Mara?” Logan asked as he rubbed my bare knee.
“I can look. Sure, we’re seeing each other, but I’m not dead.”
I looked up at Kyle. “You’re dating Mara Kendrick?” I peeled my melted, gooey marshmallow from the stick and stuck in my mouth.
“Yeah.”
That explained his presence at the golf course. Sasha was good friends with Mara.
“Logan, there’s something I’ve been meaning to ask you,” Kyle said, squinting over the smoke that had just blown into his face. Emma and Sarah were beside me talking about next week, when they were both leaving for school, but I tuned them out, so I could listen to Kyle.
“What?” Logan asked, still rubbing my leg, warming up my skin.
“What’s with the drought?”
“What do you mean?”
“Girls, Logan,” Andy explained for his friend.
 Kyle nodded and went on. “The first three years of school you were with a lot of girls. You were a dick.” He widened his eyes and smiled. “But chicks followed you everywhere. This last year, nothing. I know you’re not dating, because you spend your free time with us.”
Logan tensed in his seat, pulling his hand from my leg. “What are you talking about? I’m dating Lisa, and have been for the last three weeks.”
“What about the rest of the eleven months?”
“I had my eye on a girl, and no one else interested me. She just took her sweet time noticing.” He turned his head to look me straight in the eye while Andy and Kyle hooted and whistled. I was thankful it was dark out, because my cheeks reddened so much that I hid my face in the soft fleece material of the sweater I was wearing.
“Hey, Logan, did you bring your guitar?” Lucas asked, changing the subject, saving me and Logan both.
“I forgot it.”
“You play guitar?” I asked him, leaning forward to look at him.
“He was in a band with Jim,” Sarah said, joining our conversation.
“Really?” I asked, shocked at yet one more thing I didn’t know about him.
Logan nodded while he took a sip of his drink. If I didn’t know any better, I would think he was embarrassed by this new topic of conversation.
“He was the lead singer,” Lucas added.
Logan cringed. “Not anymore. I quit, now Jim is.” He was looking down at his bare feet as he spoke. His head popped up, and looked over at me. “Speaking of Jim. He asked me to go their first gig, next Thursday night. Can you make it?”
I nodded. “Sure, sounds like fun.”
He was talking only to me, but my answer was followed by six other sures and I’ll be theres.
He grinned at them. “I was only asking Lisa.”
“We know, but it’s a public place, right?” Emma said grinning, while she leaned over to Derrick to twirl a strand of his blond hair around her finger.
“Where is it?” Andy asked.
“The Pit,” he answered. It was an underage dance club that most kids from school hung out at.
“What do you mean, their first real gig? Where did you play before?” I asked.
“Jim’s garage.”
“Why did you quit?” Emma inquired, leaning around her boyfriend.
“So I could focus at the restaurant.” Logan looked relieved when the subject ended.
When the group started to discuss college and where everyone was going, Logan leaned over and whispered in my ear. “Are you tired?”
Now that he mentioned it, I was. I nodded, and he took my hand. We stood up and said goodnight to everyone before heading to our room.




Chapter Twenty
Nightmare

Logan changed in the bathroom, giving me privacy in our shared quarters. I quickly changed into a white tank top and boxers. I slipped into the bed, lying as close to the wall as I could, before he returned. Even though I had shared a bed with him twice before, this was the first time it was planned. And I was surprised by the nerves that twisted in the pit of my stomach. “Come in,” I called, after the sound of a soft knock. The door opened with a creak, closing soon after. When I heard the turn of the lock, my stomach twisted again.
As he crawled in behind me, I turned my back to him, trying to get over the sudden shyness that overwhelmed me. The bed springs groaned as he inched closer. The gentle touch of his fingers on my arm startled me. “Are you nervous?”
“No,” I lied.
“Lisa, relax. We’ve shared a bed before.”
“Yeah, in a room in your parents’ garage with them sleeping a few rooms away. Not in a different city, in a house full of teenagers.”
His lips touched my bare shoulder. Maybe the tank top was a bad choice to wear to bed; I should have packed a snowsuit. “It’s okay; you know I won’t rush you.” His light kisses moved up to my neck. When he nibbled on my earlobe, my mind went blank, erasing the worry over our shared bed and my freaky emails. “Lisa,” he whispered in the dark.
My breath caught at the softness of his voice. “Yes.”
“Turn around.”
I did what he said, staring into his desire-filled eyes. He bent down, kissing me so hungrily that I gasped. His lips moved over mine with a hurried need. I returned his kiss with the intense heat that was building inside me. On impulse, I scraped my teeth on his bottom lip. He moaned, thrusting his fingers in my hair. “God, I love you,” he muttered absently.
I froze under him, not ready to hear those three words, and all the excitement left my body instantly.
“Oh shit, did I say that out loud?”
I nodded, unable to speak.
“I’m sorry.” His voice was a whisper.
The air was thick with our silence, and even though only a few seconds had passed, it felt like years. “Why?” I whispered, wishing I could go back a few minutes in time and occupy his mouth, so he couldn’t utter the dreaded L word.
“Because I know you’re not ready to hear it.”
“What do you mean?” 
He sighed, falling back onto the bed beside me, laying his head on the soft pillow. “I have practically loved you from the first time I saw you. But I didn’t know for sure until the night you stayed at my place during the thunderstorm. I didn’t tell you because I feel you’re holding back. You’re with me, but not all the way. There’s something keeping you from giving in completely.”
Did I once think he was self-involved? It was like he could read my mind, he knew me so well. I only hoped he didn’t know all my secrets.
His finger lightly brushed my cheek, waiting for me to respond. The tingle burned my skin.
I opened my mouth to speak, even though I had no idea what to say.
He held his finger to my lips to stop me. “I do love you, with everything in me. But I don’t want you to say it back, not until you mean it.” His eyes were so intense, I knew his words were true, and even though something deep inside me screamed to return the words, he was right, something was holding me back. An image flashed into my mind—his fingers threading into Sasha’s hair, his warm, soft lips moving against hers.
When I tensed beside him, he gave me a knowing smile, as if I had just proved his point. The mood was obviously over, so he snuggled in beside me, falling asleep soon after.
I, however, tossed and turned. The image of him and Sasha sprawled on a bed kept me from drifting off. One other thought snuck into my thoughts after the vision: it’s over. He loved me, I could dump him now, and it would definitely hurt him, the way he’d hurt me. But every time I thought of doing exactly that, an ache formed in my chest. I told myself it was because I wanted to get my car before I did anything rash, but I knew that was just wishful thinking.
I must have eventually fallen asleep, because I dreamed of marrying Logan, or should I say, Jane marrying Thomas. The wedding was in the garden of the castle where I created the fifteenth-century fantasy. I tried to remember the first time I’d dreamed this one. It must have been in the ninth grade when I read Pride and Prejudice, or when I first watched Once Upon a Princess, a movie based in the fourteenth century. Otherwise, how could my mind create a world I had never seen before?
Some kind of annoying bird chirped right outside our open terrace door, pulling me out of my much-needed sleep. I don’t know when I finally drifted off, but it was a long time after Logan did. I had heard the rest of the gang come inside and slowly make their way to their separate rooms, and hours after that, I was still awake. Was it my conscience that kept me up? No it couldn’t be, I wasn’t doing anything wrong. Was I?
He opened his eyes and smiled at me. “You look tired. Didn’t you sleep well?”
“No, I tossed and turned most of the night.”
He sat up, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. “Well, why don’t you go back to sleep, and I’ll wake you when breakfast is ready.”
More sleep sounded wonderful. “You don’t mind?”
He bent down to kiss my forehead. “Of course not. Sleep well.”
I closed my eyes, but when I heard the sound of the zipper from his duffel, and muffled noises of clothes falling to the floor, I opened them so slightly he’d never know I saw a thing. But holy cow, did I ever. He stood in front of the dresser with his back to me, wearing only gray boxer briefs. After lifting a piece of clothing from the top of the dresser and holding it in a ball at his side, I noticed what it was, a clean pair of underwear. 
He peeked at me to make sure I was still sleeping before he threaded his fingers in the briefs, and when he pushed the material down, I closed my eyes. A few minutes later, he gave me one more kiss on the cheek and then tiptoed out of the room. I smiled as the door shut softly, feeling loved and slightly angry at myself for closing my eyes when I did.

I walked into the kitchen about an hour later, dressed in a fresh T-shirt and shorts, more awake with the extra sleep. Everyone was sitting around the table, loading their plates with food. The guys looked fresh in shorts and tees while Sarah and Emma wore tanks and yoga pants. Both their long manes were thrown into sloppy ponytails. Obviously, they’d been busy since they woke up.
I stood behind Logan, resting my hands on his shoulders. He looked up and smiled at me. I leaned down to give him a kiss. “Sit down, Lisa,” he said gesturing to the chair beside him. “Emma and I made breakfast.”
I did what he said, elbowing Kyle, who sat on the other side of me. The mountain of pancakes and bacon in front of me looked and smelled delicious.
As I took a couple of both, Andy leaned in, narrowing his eyes at Logan. “Could you please do your hair the way you usually do? You know, with that goop in it?” Andy said, taking a bite of bacon.
Logan gave him a look of confusion. “Why do you care what my hair looks like?”
Andy raised an eyebrow. “Why do you think?”
Logan chuckled. “Oh yeah…That was funny.”
I glanced from Andy to Logan. “What was funny?”
“Since this idiot’s hair was flat, looking a little messy, I might add…” He glanced at Logan who only smiled. “I had a ten-minute conversation with him, thinking it was Lucas.” He paused while the rest of us laughed. “Imagine my surprise when this dummy walks out of his room.” He pointed to Lucas with an annoyed expression, as if they had fooled him on purpose. Andy glanced at me and Sarah. “How can you tell them apart, now that his hair is longer”—he pointed to Logan—“and he doesn’t dress with the lights out anymore?” He nodded to Lucas.
Lucas leaned over to give Andy a swat on the shoulder. “Hey.”
“Well, come on, Lucas, all you wore were jeans and crappy sweatshirts. The man has a point,” Emma added.
I grinned at them; listening to Andy, Kyle, and Emma made me smile and forget about my worries.
Andy glared at us again with one eyebrow raised, waiting for our answer. “We just do,” Sarah said.
He sighed and glanced at me for a better explanation. I didn’t have one. Like she said, I just knew. I looked at the twins and noticed something. “Lucas has freckles under his eyes. Logan doesn’t.”
Everyone peered at the twins to confirm my statement, and a chorus of “Oh, yeah,” was said at the same time.

I helped Lucas and Derrick clean up the breakfast dishes while Emma and Sarah went to change. The rest of the guys went out to get the boat ready. We were going tubing. I had never been, but was told I’d love it.
They were right, it was thrilling. I was terrified at first, but once I got over the fear of falling off of the big rubber doughnut, it was exciting as hell.
We stopped for some sandwiches at lunch, and then started back up again right afterward. My favorite part was driving the boat. Lucas hovered above me while I spun in a complete circle, knocking Logan off the tube. His legs were the only visible part, sticking out of the water. I wondered if he could hear my laughter over the roar of the motor.

A few days later, my face and shoulders were burned. I also noticed a permanent line of sand on the edge of my toes. We had to take turns with the shower, since there were eight of us, and thank goodness it was my turn. Tuesday morning, I stood under the hot stream of water, rubbing my hair with my papaya shampoo. I scrubbed my head longer than usual, knowing I wouldn’t have another turn for a few days. I turned the water off and noticed a fine mist of sand on the floor of the shower stall.
I was having the time of my life, with no whining sister, no rules from parents, no email and cell phone calls to worry me. Of course, by the time we left, I was sure I’d be tired of sand between my toes and other places best not mentioned, but for now, I was enjoying myself, playing volleyball, driving the boat, and riding on the tube.
Today we were headed into town to get groceries. With five teenage boys, the food we brought with us was all but gone.
“Lisa, are you done?” I heard Logan outside the bathroom door.
“Yep, I’ll be right out.” I wrapped myself in a bath towel and stepped out into the hallway. The steam billowed out behind me.
His eyes widened, looking at my towel, his gaze slowly traveling to my bare shoulders.
I rushed into our room, leaving him speechless in the hallway.
I had dressed and dried my hair by the time he was finished, but I lingered in the room. When I saw him enter with the towel wrapped around his waist, his chest and shoulders glistening with water, I gave him a kiss on the cheek and left.
Only Sarah, me, and the twins went to the grocery store. The others didn’t want to leave. Logan picked out items for recipes he wanted to cook, and the rest of us grabbed junk food. We stopped off at an ice cream parlor before the ride back to the cottage.

“Does anyone want to use the computer?” Sarah asked as she stepped into the kitchen.
Logan and Lucas glanced at each other. “You do it. It’s your turn,” Lucas said.
“Fine,” Logan mumbled, getting up from his chair after dinner, leaving the rest of them to clean up. 
Once in the living room, I sat on the couch, watching him write a message to his mom, and listening to the sounds of the dishes and silverware clattering in the kitchen. The music that blared in the room did nothing to drown out the voices as they teased and mocked each other. “Tell her that I said hi.”
He grinned, looking over at me. “I’m done; do you want me to leave the email open?” His eyes were wary. He knew I was nervous every time I checked my messages.
“You do it,” I said, telling him my address and password.
He punched the keys, and then smiled. “Just your mom.” He looked as relieved as I felt.
I took over and read her words. She said she missed me and was hoping I was making good choices. Of course, what she really meant was, I better not be getting frisky with Logan. I chose to ignore that and told her how much fun I was having.
After I turned off the computer, he took my hand and pulled me out of the chair. “Can we talk about it yet?”
I shook my head. “We’re still here, right?”
He nodded and rolled his eyes.
I never wanted to discuss the emails with him, but at least being at the cottage, I could use it as an excuse. Of course, once we were home again, I’d need a new one.
He yanked my arm, pulling me against him. “Fine, but what else is there to do?”
I grinned, suddenly in a wicked mood. “I can think of a few things.” I tugged on the collar of his shirt, pulling him down to my level, and planted a kiss. His arms tightened around my waist, taking the kiss deeper. 
“Ew.” Andy’s voice came from behind us. We jerked apart and turned to him. “God, I should have brought a girl with me just to compete. Every time I walk into a room someone’s playing tonsil hockey.”
Logan laughed. “What do you want, Andy?”
Andy ran his hand through his light blond hair. “I was told to tell you that the rest of us were heading out for our nightly campfire ritual.” And by ritual, he meant sitting around the fire drinking beer and insulting each other. It was fun to watch. I sometimes joined in, the insults, not the beer. I had my new drink, cranberry juice and soda. It was so good I’d been drinking it every night. Logan, who didn’t drink either, stuck to his cola.
We followed Andy out, taking our usual seats. Tonight, instead of marshmallows Derrick broke out the wieners. Beside me, Logan was burning one on a stick, and I had to admit it didn’t look appetizing.
Much later, when Emma broke out singing, I declared it was time for bed. Logan joined me, of course, saying our goodnights as we passed.

I stood in a cold, damp hallway, wearing a beautiful wedding gown. The bodice was tight with dozens of pearls sown into the silk neckline. The bottom billowed out into a long lace-trimmed train.
I was waiting for my friend. I needed to speak to him before I married Thomas. Where was he? I couldn’t be late for my own wedding. What would Thomas think?
Just as I was about to give up, the sound of footsteps echoed down the stone corridor. He approached me, standing near the window. I couldn’t see his face, just the left side of his body. He was wearing his formal silk doublet and breeches. “Please, George, be happy for me. You’re my closest friend.”
“I can’t, you know I love you, and yet you marry him,” he said sadly.
I stepped closer, to better see his face, but he inched closer to the window. I stopped. “I’m so sorry. How can we get past this?”
“We can’t.”
I stood silently, searching for a way to make this right. “Please, George, you mean the world to me.”
“Not enough.” He spit the words out and then dove out the window.
“George!!!!” I screamed, rushing to the opening.
He lay sprawled on the ground, body and limbs bent in unnatural positions. His face was buried under his arm. Blood trickled onto the stone, pooling into the cracks of the courtyard. He was dead. I had lost my friend, and it was all my fault. I sunk to the floor and sobbed.

“Lisa. Come on, wake up.”
I opened my eyes and saw the pale green wall; thankfully it was just a dream, but it felt so real. A hand rubbed my back soothingly. “Lisa.” Logan’s voice came from above.
I turned my head. His face hovered over me.
His gold-flecked hazel eyes were gazing into mine with concern and fear. “Are you okay?”
I nodded my head, unable to speak. My throat felt raw and scratchy. My eyes were burning as if I had been crying. I lifted my hand feeling my cheeks; they were wet.
“You were screaming the word no. What were you dreaming?”
I couldn’t tell him, of course. I didn’t want to talk about any kind of dreams with him. It would only bring up images I rather not think of. “I don’t remember,” I croaked out weakly.
He sat up and pulled me into his arms, holding me tightly.
The door swung open. “What’s going on?” Sarah asked, coming toward us, her chestnut colored hair messy, and her eyes drooping. Great, an audience.
Logan was rocking me in his arms; it was strangely soothing. “She had a nightmare, but she’s fine now. It’s okay,” Logan said softly.
Sarah looked at me with concern and curiosity on her face. “Do you want to talk about it?”
I opened my mouth to speak, but Logan cut me off. “She doesn’t remember.”
She nodded, shutting the door behind her.
We lay back down, and I closed my eyes. But of course, couldn’t sleep.
Logan rubbed my arm gently, talking to me in a low, soothing voice. He told me about rebuilding his sports car. He listed the parts and went into detail how he cleaned each one. “And when everything was finished, and the car was painted, I waxed and buffed, waxed and buffed.” By the third wax and buff, my eyes were closed, and I was lost in a dreamless sleep.




Chapter Twenty One
Cooling Down

Our awesome cottage getaway went by way too fast. The last couple of days were spent exactly as the first; on the beach, in the water, and by the fire. We decided to make it an annual trip, and already started planning for next year.
Logan told me that he loved me a few more times and explained again that he wasn’t expecting an answer; he just loved saying it out loud. Every time he said the words, my instinct was to say it back, but I couldn’t. How could I say it when I was still so angry at him? And besides, if I did follow through with my plan, I needed him to think I didn’t return his feelings. So for now I held my tongue, until when, I had no idea.
The drive home was quiet. We had stayed up really late, enjoying our last night. And this morning we woke up early to pack and close up the cottage. Kyle and Andy were asleep in the back, while I sat in the front passenger seat, trying to keep my eyes open, so I could keep Logan company. We stopped halfway for dinner, giving the two drivers a break.
Logan dropped me off at home around seven that night. I sat in the car longer than was needed. I was reluctant to leave him. In the last six days, we had been inseparable. The only time we weren’t ten feet apart was when the guys decided to go fishing on Thursday morning. They left at dawn, and were back a few hours later, covered in bug bites.
“Well, I guess I’ll see you at work tomorrow.” I unbuckled my seat belt and opened my door.
His hand shot out, touching my leg to stop me. I stilled, and turned to him. He traced his finger tips along my leg, up my arm, and eventually to my chin. He tugged me forward to kiss me. His lips were warm and gentle, making it even harder for me to get out of the car and leave. Which was ridiculous, considering I’d see him in the morning, but in six days, I had grown attached. Even the thought of not seeing him for one night made my chest ache. He seemed to feel the same way, because when I finally pulled away, he wouldn’t let go of my hand. I smiled at him, and squeezed his fingers. “Call me later, okay?”
His lips turned up in a smile. “I miss you already.”
“Lisa, are you coming in or what?” my mom called from the porch. Olivia stood in the open door in front of my mom, peeking out and waving at Logan. He grinned at her and stuck out his tongue. She giggled and did the same.
I started to pull away again, but he held on to me. His eyes locked on mine as he kissed each of my knuckles, before dropping my hand.
I stood on the porch with Olivia on my back, watching him drive away.
I turned, stepping through the door, with my mom behind me holding my bags. “I missed you, Weesa,” Olivia said loudly, right into my ear, making me cringe at her high-pitched squeal.
“I missed you too.” I dropped her on the couch, and was suddenly hugged by both of them.
My mom’s arms were tight around my neck. “Your dad’s coming. He wanted to see you,” she whispered in my ear.
We sat in the living room eating popcorn and talking. I told her and my dad, when he showed up, how much fun I had, and begged them to let me go again next year.
After I put Olivia to bed, I went into my room and climbed onto my soft mattress. I fell asleep with my clothes on, right on top of the blankets.
The shadowed man haunted my dreams again, always just out of reach. I wasn’t sure if he was chasing me, or I was chasing him. I tossed and turned all night in an attempt to get away, or catch him. When I woke up, a throw blanket my mother must have placed on me was hooked to my foot, dangling off the bed. I was still tired when I got up, but I didn’t want to be late for work.
After my shower, I grabbed a bagel and headed for the door. Logan was waiting, bent over, fiddling with the stereo. “Hey,” I said after I sat down in the passenger seat.
He glanced up at me, and grinned. “Hey, yourself.” His hand reached out. “Get over here,” he said, pulling me towards him. When our lips touched, I took a deep breath, taking in his scent. I missed it last night as I slept. If he had been with me, his soothing sweet and savory smell would have helped me sleep better.
“I missed you,” he said as he put the car in gear, backing out of the driveway. “We’re doing the first coat of paint tonight.”
As he turned out of my street, I asked, “Do you need my help?”
He shook his head. “Only your presence is needed.”
“You said we. Is Lucas helping you?”
He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel. “Yeah, but not for long, he needs to start packing.”
A feeling of sadness swept over me. “Oh right. They’re leaving in a week.”
“Yep.” His face gave him away. He was going to miss Lucas and Sarah just as much as I was.
“How do you feel about that?”
“It sucks. Thank God for you, because in one weekend, all my friends will be gone.”
“What about Jim and Marcus?” Marcus was Jim’s friend, and apparently a member of his old band. They were not going to college; none of them were.
“We still talk once in a while, but Lucas, Andy, and Kyle are my real friends. I’m going to miss them.”
“What about Derrick?” I leaned back in my seat, lifting my foot onto the dashboard, ignoring the warning glance from Logan; he didn’t scare me.
“We don’t hang out unless Emma’s with Sarah. He’s more friends with Pete and Cory.” They had also graduated with the rest of them. Pete was Derrick’s neighbor.
He stopped at a red light. “Well, at least you’ll see them one more time Thursday night.” I put my hand on his knee. “We’re still going right?”
“Of course. We both have it off.” The light turned green, and he pulled back into traffic. He turned right into the mall parking lot.
“Actually, I work every day until Wednesday, and then I go back to part-time hours. Your mom knew I’d need time to get stuff for school. I only work Saturday on the weekend, and then it’s back to school.”
“You’re leaving me too.” He shook his head sadly. “I keep forgetting you’re younger than I am.”
“Yep, you’re robbing the cradle.” I squeezed his bare leg. He was wearing navy blue cargo shorts.
He pulled into the back of the restaurant, in a spot beside his father’s silver SUV. He shut the motor off and turned to me, a crooked smile appearing on his face. “I don’t care how old you are.”
We went inside and parted at the breakroom.
The hours ticked by slowly; it was hot and sticky. The air conditioner was on the fritz, so we had to rely on fans. The ceiling fans in the dining room were on, but they didn’t quite cool us down. The windows were open, except that only brought in warm air.
The kitchen was the worst. Despite the industrial-size fans set up in each corner, it was boiling in there. The heat from the stoves and ovens, combined with body heat from the kitchen staff, made me avoid the room as much as possible, despite the fact that it was the only time I could see Logan.
Finally my break came. I was standing in front of the oscillating fan, lifting up my white work blouse, hoping to cool my heated skin. “Move over, girl, I need it more that you do.” Logan barreled in though the doors, his face red, peeling his white chef’s coat off, exposing his sweat-covered chest.
I moved aside, making room for him. “When is the damn air getting fixed?” I grumbled.
He rubbed sweat from his eyes. “They’re working on it now.” He turned around to get his back and winked at me. “We’re going swimming after work, just you and me.”
“What are you going to do? Kick people off the beach?”
“Who said anything about the beach?”
“You don’t have a pool.”
“No, but we do have a waterfall behind our house that no one knows about.” I had to admit, it sounded wonderful. Although I hoped by the time we were off work the air conditioner would be fixed.
“You know, I’ve never been there.”
“It’s more Lucas and Sarah’s spot, but since they’re busy, we’ll have it all to ourselves.” He leaned in and kissed me, careful not to touch my heated skin with his. “Have you ever been under the spray of a waterfall?”
“No.”
“Well, I can’t wait to show you then. It feels amazing.”
Eventually the air conditioning was fixed. By the time we were off, the restaurant was comfortable again.
Of course, when we stepped outside, we were back to blistering heat. He started the car and blasted the air.
“Where are Lucas and Sarah?”
“Packing. They work tomorrow and just a couple days this week.”
“Are your parents driving Lucas to New York?”
“Yeah, and they’re making me go. I won’t be back until Sunday.” The thought of being away from him was hard, but of course, I was being stupid. I was supposed to hate this person, and yet I couldn’t handle being away from him for even a day.
“Who’s in charge at the restaurant?”
“Jack and Grace.” Jack was Nick’s sous chef, and Grace was the waitstaff supervisor. They had both worked at the restaurant for years, and ran the place when Nick and Karen were not there. I liked them both, but it would be weird working in a non-Tate environment.
Lucas was busy packing when we arrived at the Tate house. I asked him if he wanted to join us. He smirked at me before he said no. I heard Logan whispering to him behind my back. When I turned around, his face was blank.
After we changed into our suits and picked up a couple of towels, we headed outside.
He led me to a path at the back of the yard through the woods. The path was well worn, between a row of maple and pine trees. I wondered how often Sarah and Lucas came out here. I couldn’t imagine returning to the spot where someone terrorized me. The bugs were thick; I waved one hand in front of my face constantly, trying to keep them from biting my skin, while the other was clamped over my mouth to avoid sucking one in. Logan simply ignored them.
Finally we came to a clearing, and the insects seemed to fall away.
In front of us was a hill with a view of the waterfall, but he led me around to the bottom. We followed a creek until it widened, and then I saw the falls up close. It was breathtaking. As we stood this close to the large boulders, and water that fell down from an enormous, towering cliff, I felt tiny.
The water fell into a small pond that eventually trickled into the creek that we had followed here. Foliage grew up between and around the rocks. “Cool, huh?” Logan said from beside me. He took off his shirt, tossing it onto a boulder, and then sat down on the edge of the pond, dangling his feet in the water. “Are you coming in?”
I nodded, pulling off my outer clothes, exposing my black two-piece. His face turned from a look of laughter to one of longing.
I suddenly felt self-conscious and exposed, wearing my skimpy suit with just the two of us in such a secluded spot. We were surrounded by trees, and the loud hum of the water falling drowned out all other noises. It felt like we were miles from civilization.
Logan stepped into the pond, holding out his hand. I took it, and he guided me into the water with him. The water was warm yet refreshing. The mist from the falls fell softly onto my shoulders, creating goose bumps along my back and arms. He waded through the waist-deep water until he reached the center, just out of reach of the waterfall. He crooked a finger at me with a smile. “Come on.”
I took a few steps toward him, but apparently I wasn’t fast enough. He reached out to grab my arm, yanking me against his hard, wet chest. He gazed down into my eyes. I couldn’t look away even if I wanted to. “Lisa, I know you hate hearing this, but…I love you.” He didn’t give me a chance to answer before he bent over and kissed me, so powerfully I felt it in my knees, my toes, and the tips of my fingers. His hands moved up my arms, and softly down my back. His touch was warm and tingly. I never wanted him to stop.
He tightened his grip and walked me backward, never taking his lips from mine. Once we stopped moving, water poured over us. I looked up at the spray that poured down around us.
Lifting my arms up above my head, and pulling away from Logan, I spun around. Never had I felt as alive as I did standing under the stream of a waterfall with a guy who made me feel beautiful, wanted, and extremely happy. It was hard to believe I was supposed to be plotting against him. The dark thoughts of revenge popped in my head, and I quickly pushed them back. I was exactly where I wanted to be. In a magical place with Logan, and I felt, deep down, that I was meant to be here with him at this moment. Where the only thing that mattered was his arms wrapped around me, his skin against mine, and his kiss that took me places I had never been.




Chapter Twenty two
Girl Talk

Of course, as with all magical places, we couldn’t stay forever, and my car was waiting to be painted.
Once we were back in the real world, we changed out of our suits and headed into the garage. Lucas took a break from packing to help Logan.
I hadn’t seen my car in over a week, and was surprised to see white patches scattered all over the old paint. Logan must have been busy prepping, because that wasn’t the only difference; the windows and handles were also wrapped in paper. He had done so much without me, expecting nothing in return. This was the guy who I once thought was selfish and self-centered. If I was so wrong about that, what else was I wrong about?
They sprayed the car with a gray primer, and then took a break to let it dry. We ordered pizza that I insisted on paying for, although I had to argue with both twins for a good ten minutes before they gave in and let me. Thankfully I had my tips from my shift at work to pay for it. “Are you excited, Lucas?” I asked him, after I took the last bite of my third piece.
He finished chewing, wiped his hands on a napkin, and turned to me. “Extremely. But not about school, I can’t wait to live with Sarah. I know we’ll both be busy with school, but the thought of sharing a home with her, waking up with her in my arms…” He paused and blushed, as if just realizing he was saying these personal thoughts out loud. Logan made a gagging gesture from his chair beside me. Lucas leaned over and punched his twin’s shoulder. “Anyway. To answer your question, yes, I’m excited.”
I watched the brothers wolf down the rest of the pizza as I thought about what Lucas had said. He was truly in love with his girlfriend. The look that crossed his face when he spoke of Sarah was that of a man lost to a woman. She was it for him, and I’d seen the look on Sarah’s face as well. What it must feel like to be so sure of another person, so in love. I was a bit jealous. Sure, Logan said he loved me, and I was quite sure I was headed there, if not already in love with him. But it was different with us. We weren’t honest with each other. We both had secrets we refused to speak of, and I couldn’t decide if I hated him or not. Ours was not a typical love story. But watching Lucas talk about Sarah gave me hope for the first time that maybe we could someday have what they had. Maybe I would look at Logan in the future, and be completely sure of my feelings. Maybe one day, my love for him would show on my face just as Lucas’ showed on his.
Still lost in my thoughts, I didn’t notice that they had stopped talking. Both were focused on me. “What?” I asked, unsure if I had missed a question.
 “The primer’s probably dry.” Logan raised an eyebrow questioningly, obviously wondering where my thoughts had been. “Are you ready to paint it red?”
I nodded. “Oh, yeah.”
He let me spray above the back bumper, and then he took over. By the time he drove me home, my car was painted. It was dull and patchy, but it was just the first coat. In two days’ time, I hoped to be driving a shiny, candy-apple red car. I couldn’t wait.
Logan took me home and waited until I packed up some extra clothes before driving me to Kelly’s. I hadn’t seen her in over a week, and she was itching to hear how my trip went. Since I had fallen asleep early last night, I missed her call. I texted her from work earlier, and we made the plans.
Logan left me on her doorstep with a kiss and a promise to pick me up the next day.
“So?” Kelly said, lying on her stomach, an oversized lime-green pillow under her, while we sprawled out on the floor in front of her TV.
I sat up against my pillow, taking a chocolate out of the bowl. “So…what?”
She patted her rose-colored carpet impatiently. “Tell me about Crescent Lake. Not many girls from our class mix with seniors.”
I opened my mouth, tossed in a chocolate-covered cherry, and chewed slowly, watching her get agitated as I took my time answering her. The fruit popped in my mouth, mixing with the cherry flavoring and sweet chocolate. “I hate to tell you this, but you are a senior.”
She glared at me, holding a handful of candy in her hand. “You know what I mean. What were they like?”
I laughed, enjoying the torment. “They were funny, and made me feel like one of them. We had such a good time; we’re going again next year.”
She smiled at me dreamily as she peeled off the foil from a can of chocolate icing. The floor around us was covered in junk food. She insisted that sugar helped process information, and with a whole week of separation, we had lots to discuss.
“Maybe you can come next time,” I said. Her eyes lit up. I probably shouldn’t have asked her without first discussing it with Sarah, but she looked so pathetic, it was hard to resist. “But I doubt I’ll be going.”
“Why not?”
I narrowed my eyes at her. “Do you really think I’ll still be with Logan?”
“You can be if you drop your stupid plot against him.”
“Have you ever seen him date anyone for over a year?” Why did the mere thought of not being with him make my stomach drop?
“No, but I’ve never seen him date anyone for two whole months either. And yet that’s how long you two have been together.” It was true; everyone called him the one-date wonder. He’d pursue a girl, date her once, and then move on. But all that stopped a year ago, although I still wasn’t sure I believed the reason he told Andy. Could he really have liked me for that long? Maybe the Logan I knew now, but not the One-Date Wonder. How was I supposed to know which one was real?
“How can I trust him after what he did to me?”
She was thoughtful for a while, sucking on an icing covered spoon. “Have you ever asked him about that night?”
“God, no. Are you kidding me? I hate thinking about it, as if I’m going to willingly bring it up.”
“Maybe if you talked, he could explain why he did it, and you’d be able to finally move on.”
Of course, what she said made sense, but there was no way in hell I could ever go through with it.
Was it the sugar or the conversation that was making me feel queasy? “Can we change the subject, please? How is it going with Jeremy?” They had been dating ever since that night at the movies, and I was so involved in my own life, I hadn’t had a chance to find out anymore.
“Fantastic. I even stopped hanging out with Meredith. Turns out, he doesn’t like her much either. He was only using her to see me.”
“That’s great, Kelly. I’m so happy for you.” I tensed at the sound of my cell phone ringing. I hadn’t had any crank calls in over a week, and I was starting to get paranoid.
Kelly reached over and took it out of my bag, handing it to me. I shook my head, afraid of the sound of silence on the other end.
She gave me a questioning glance, and then hit the talk button. “Hello?” She paused, waiting for an answer; I knew she wouldn’t get one. “Hello?” she said again. She hit the end button, shrugging her shoulders. “What was that about?”
Of course, I couldn’t tell her. “I don’t know.” Uncrossing my legs, I stood up, feeling the knots in my muscles from sitting so long, and headed for the door.
“Where are you going?” she asked, placing the lid on the icing container.
“Bathroom.” I turned the door knob and pushed, running into a hard body. I looked up into Austin’s grey eyes. “I…I’m sorry,” I stammered, stepping away from his T-shirt-covered chest. Did you want something?”
His cheeks reddened. “Uh…no, I was just going to my room,” he said, pointing to the door right next to Kelly’s. I skirted around him, heading to the bathroom across the hall. “Lisa,” Austin called from behind me, just as I was about to enter the bathroom.
I spun around. “Yes.”
He shoved his hand through his wavy black hair. “Are you okay?”
“Why wouldn’t I be?”
“Because I know Logan.”
“Austin, why are you doing this? It’s been a year since—”
He interrupted me, his eyes turning cold. “This has nothing to do with you and me. I have a right to worry about you, you’re my sister’s friend, and you once meant something to me.” He paused, looking away briefly. “Hasn’t he dumped you yet?” he sneered. Either he had overheard my conversation with Kelly, or it was just a coincidence that he would bring up Logan’s past.
“No, he’s changed, Austin, but thank you for your concern,” I said coldly, spinning around.
“Are you sure about that?” Before I could answer, he disappeared through his door, slamming it behind him.
 “What’s wrong?” Kelly asked when I came back into her room. She was holding a pile of DVDs, sifting through them.
I didn’t want to admit it, but Austin’s words stung, and apparently my worry showed on my face. “I’m fine.” I couldn’t tell her what Austin had said; she’d just shrug it off. So instead, I immersed myself in junk food, movies, and Kelly, hardly thinking of Logan, Austin, or even Sasha Martin.

The next day, Logan and I worked the early shift, and afterward we went back to his house to finish the car. By the time he took me home, he had applied the second coat of red paint and two coats of the clear coating.
“Thank you so much, Logan. I’m so excited.” I hugged him for the fourth time. “I’m driving to the Pit Thursday night.” We were sitting in my driveway, and I was so keyed up about my new car, I didn’t want to go in. But my curfew was midnight, and I only had five minutes left. Since I didn’t always abide by this rule, I tried to follow it once in awhile, in order to keep my mom happy.
He smiled at me. “Oh, you’ll be driving me around until you go back to school.”
My smile deflated a little at the thought of spending less time with him. “Yeah, that’s only one week away.”
His face fell. “I can’t believe the summer’s over. I’m going to miss you.”
Even though I felt the same way, I felt the need to cheer him up. “Logan, I can see you every day after school if you want, and definitely on weekends. And I still work part time. Just tell your mom to schedule us at the same time. I know you’ve done it before.”
His mouth curved. “I really didn’t do that.” He shrugged. “I didn’t have to. My mother likes to meddle in our love lives. Since it worked in my favor, I left her alone. She’s the one who scheduled us together. She did it to Lucas and Sarah too.”
I glanced at my watch. “I have three minutes. What can we do to pass the time?” His mischievous grin told me that he had the same idea I did.
After a four-minute kiss, we said goodnight, and I left him in the driveway.
I watched him pull away from the window above the door. The house was dark, with my mother and Olivia tucked into their beds. I locked up and went upstairs.
My mood was in high spirits, and for some reason, I had no fear. I took out my laptop and checked my email. I tried to skim the messages only looking for recognizable addresses. Kelly sent me some jokes. Ethan emailed me, giving me trouble for not returning his messages. And he was right, I shouldn’t ignore him, but since we usually talked at night, and I had been so busy with Logan lately, I was usually too tired to chat.
I replied back, telling him how sorry I was, and that I’d log onto my social page in a few minutes. Finally, I checked the unknown emails. And of course there were three from my new so-called friend.
The first one was dated on Friday, when we were on our way back from Crescent Lake. I clicked it and read: How was your trip to the lake?
I tried not to panic by the fact that he knew where I was, and checked the next one; it was dated last night: Who answered your phone? 
The last one was dated this afternoon: Are you avoiding me?!!!
Swallowing the lump that formed in my throat, I closed my email and ignored the messages. I was in too good a mood to let whoever this whack-job was ruin it. Tomorrow, I would own a shiny red sports car, and it wouldn’t be possible without Logan. I was happy, and for now, I chose to stay that way. 
I did as I said I would, and had my nightly conversation via messaging with Ethan, catching him up on my trip, leaving Logan out of it. It was a short conversation though; I was tired, so I signed off about fifteen minutes into our conversation.

I gazed down at the man who had been my friend since my fourth year of life. He was dead, and although I was happy with Thomas, I could not enjoy this life without my constant companion.
I climbed up onto the stone ledge of the window, and watched as the guards noticed the body on the courtyard. The men scrambled around trying to pick him up and dispose of him before the guests from the ceremony noticed. In all the commotion, no one looked up, until Thomas was summoned.
He was visibly saddened by what he saw; he had become fond of George, despite his feelings for me. This was one of the reasons I loved him so. Thomas bent down and closed George’s eyes. I could see his shoulders shake as he sobbed.
The ache in my chest spread at the sight. Despite trying to weep silently, a moan escaped my lips, I couldn’t stop myself. He must have heard my cry, for he looked up and gasped. “Jane, no!”
He thought I was going to follow George. And I wasn’t sure he was wrong, but as soon as I saw the agony in his eyes, I broke down. Tears streamed down my face, and my body shook with grief.
“Jane, please come down from there,” he cried.
I barely heard him. My eyes were on the bent and broken body below. The only sound I was aware of was a hum in my ears, and George’s scream as he fell to his death.
My eyes were filled with tears, and I could no longer see Thomas, or George. Only George’s face, as he took the last jump of his life. Visions of George as a child flashed through my mind, his scream repeating over and over again.
My body could no longer carry my weight, and my legs started to buckle. I was going to fall to my death just like him, and I couldn’t do anything to stop myself.
I felt myself fall…

I sat up in bed, panic filling my body.




Chapter Twenty Three
Rock Star

I tried to be happy about my new car; however, the dream still hovered in my mind. With the image of my impending death still so fresh a memory, it seemed impossible to muster up the excitement I should feel.
Logan pulled into the driveway in my cherry-red sports car. Climbing out of the driver’s side, he beamed up at me, where I stood waiting for him on the porch. “Are you ready?” he asked, dangling the keys from his fingers, the tinkling sound of steel against steel, sounded like bells. He was here to take me to work, and since it was my car…I would be driving.
“You bet your ass I’m ready,” I said, launching myself into his arms, all thoughts of my dream evaporated. I rained kisses all over his face, breathing in his scent. “Thank you.” More kisses. “Thank you.”
He held me tightly and whispered into my hair, “You’re welcome.”
Eventually we broke apart and climbed into the car. Once I was behind the wheel, I sighed, breathless with excitement. I finally had my own vehicle. I was free to go where I wanted, when I wanted.
I turned to Logan, who sat watching me. His eyes twinkled with excitement, as happy as I was. I grabbed his black shirt by the collar, yanking him against me, planting a kiss on his lips that he wouldn’t soon forget. When I finally pulled back, I whispered, “Are you ready?”
He only nodded in return, his eyes still bright.

The next night I pulled up to his country home in my new car. I honked the horn to announce my presence.
Once Logan, Sarah, and Lucas came out of the house and climbed in, we were off, driving through Brownridge with the windows down, showing off my new wheels.
I pulled into a parking lot across from The Pit. It was conveniently located next to a sub shop. Since the club closed at midnight, there was always a long line next door, filled with hungry teens not ready to head home. Even though I had never been to the club, I had heard a lot about it. Adam and Ethan came frequently, and it was where Kelly first met Jeremy, on a night out with Meredith.
We all climbed out of the car and watched as Derrick’s oversized green SUV pulled in next to us. The doors flew open, exposing Emma, Derrick, and his friends, Pete and Cory. There were also two girls I recognized from school clinging to the boys. Andy and Kyle were also meeting us, but Logan said we would wait for them inside.
We lined up behind a girl with a purple streak in her black hair who was standing with an extremely tall guy sporting a lime-green mohawk. The line was long, but it didn’t take long to get in.
Once inside, we found a group of tables and pushed them together. I sat down beside Logan and Sarah. Andy and Kyle showed up about ten minutes later, each holding hands with a date. Kyle was with Mara, and Andy was with an auburn-haired girl I didn’t recognize.
A short time later, I picked up the soda Logan had gotten for me and took a drink. Over the rim of my glass, I saw Kelly walking towards me, holding hands with Jeremy. I jumped up, rushing to them, hugging my friend when I reached her. “You came. I thought you said you had to work.” I had asked her last night, feeling guilty for ignoring her for most of the summer.
She grinned. “I lied. I wanted to see if he could come.” She touched Jeremy’s arm affectionately, making him blush. Kelly glanced over my shoulder, and I knew who she was looking at. I could feel his presence behind me.
“Hi, Kelly. Lisa didn’t tell me that you were coming.” I turned around at the sound of Logan’s voice. He stood beside me, taking my hand in his.
“She didn’t know,” Kelly said, beaming at me.
“Well, come on, let’s sit down,” Logan said, letting go of my hand.
I introduced Logan to Jeremy as they took the last remaining chairs.
Sarah traded seats with me, so I could sit next to Kelly.
All the tables were now taken. Many kids were standing against the walls and the long wooden bar. The air smelled of sweat and candle wax.
“Did you see my car in the lot?” I asked Kelly, unable to hide my elation.
“No, but show me when we leave.”
I nodded, the permanent grin still in place.
“I think it’s so sweet that Logan rebuilt a car for you.” She was looking at my boyfriend with dreamy eyes. Logan was talking to Kyle, but saw her staring at him. His lips turned up awkwardly, giving me a questioning glance.
“Stop it. You’re freaking him out.” I laughed. “Besides, what about Jeremy? He’s cute.” I whispered my words so the boy in question wouldn’t hear, but since he was in the midst of a conversation with Lucas, we were safe.
“He is, isn’t he?” He really was, and so different from Kelly. She was dark, with black hair, olive skin, and haunting gray eyes. He was light, with almost white-blond hair, amber eyes, and a light tan. They were night and day, but judging by the sweet smile on his face, every time he looked at her, the differences were only in their appearance.
I cleared my throat, preparing to talk to her about something that could be awkward. “Speaking of boys, what’s with your brother?”
Her brow creased as she focused on me. “Why, did he bug you again?”
“Yeah, last time I was at your house.”
No need to worry over her answer, because all she said was, “Guys are stupid sometimes.” And then took a sip from my soda.
The speakers were piping out some of my favorite singers, but before long the music faded away. Everyone sat down and began to cheer. The lights dimmed as a spotlight moved to the stage, where a sign read the Twisted Lanterns! I turned to Logan, raising an eyebrow. “The Twisted Lanterns?”
He grinned. “Marcus’ idea, and since no one could think of anything better, it stuck. But it’s the first time it’s ever been on a sign.” He glanced up at the stage and started to clap.
I followed his gaze and watched the band take their spots. Jim stood in front of the microphone holding a white and black electric guitar while the rest followed.
Marcus stood next to him holding a similar guitar, and a guy who I thought was named Isaac, took his place behind the drums. They were all dressed in dark T-shirts and jeans. Jim’s shoulder-length wavy blond hair was a contrast to his dark clothes.
He smiled down at us, and a cheer of mostly girls rang out. I became caught up in the moment, and cheered along with them. 
“How’s everyone doing tonight?” Jim yelled. He was answered by applause. “You guys are a lucky group!” The audience clapped some more, along with a few hoots and howls. “You get to hear our maiden voyage.” Everyone cheered. “It’s our first time.” He paused, winking at the audience, his long blond bangs falling over his flirty blue eyes. The sound of girls screaming erupted in the building. “Out of the garage,” he said softly.
There was laughter and rumblings in the room as he smiled. I couldn’t believe this was the Jim I had always hated. Logan’s partner in crime. He was a natural on stage. His charming personality was perfect for the lead singer of a band. “Unfortunately, without our lead singer,” he continued, pointing to Logan. The audience booed and called out Logan’s name. Most of the kids were from our school, and were familiar with Logan and his popularity at Hamilton High. “He’s off to pursue a career as a chef. Can you believe that?” More boos erupted. Logan only smiled, giving Jim the finger. Jim laughed softly and continued his speech. “Anyway, you’ll have to make do with me.”
He stepped back and started strumming his guitar. The rest of the group joined him in a very good imitation of the song “Solid,” by Chariot. When they finished their song, they did a couple more by other popular bands.
My favorite was a song they were singing now. It was written by Jim and Logan, called “Thank God She’s Gone.” He sang about a girl who pursued him and took everything he owned before leaving town with his brother. It was funny and had a really good melody. I couldn’t help smiling up at them, and occasionally stealing glances at Logan, surprised that he had a part in writing it.
I clapped along with the rest of the room as the song ended. Jim leaned down to the microphone, sweat trickling down his forehead. “Okay, the next song we are going to play is from one of my favorite bands. “Whisper,” by Monsterball. The audience clapped. “But no matter how hard I try, I can’t sing it as well as Logan.” I turned to see Logan’s eyes widen, and he mouthed the word “no” to Jim.
The new lead singer only smiled. “Come on up here, Logan.”
The audience chanted, “Logan! Logan! Logan!”
Andy shoved him from the other side. I laughed at how shy he suddenly appeared. This was a side of him that he had never shared with me. He stood up, looking nervous and scared. His eyes searched mine for help, but there was nothing I could do. I squeezed his hand, giving him a warm smile, hoping that was enough encouragement.
He bent down and kissed me quickly, whispering how he was going to kill Jim.
He took the few steps up to the stage and scowled at his friend, taking his place in front of the microphone. Jim stood off to the side in front of another mic.
If Jim was charming and a natural, Logan shone on stage. He seemed shy and embarrassed at first, but once Marcus started to play the bass beat, he closed his eyes and swayed to the rhythm. Leaning forward, he touched the microphone with both hands, and began to sing. “I hear a whisper in the night, just a sound on the wind, I can’t be right. Is it you, are you there? I can’t find you anywhere.” He opened his eyes and sang the rest of the song. His voice was deep and sultry. Shivers ran up my spine when his eyes darted to mine. He held my gaze whenever he could; it was as if he sang only to me. We were the only bodies in the room. I felt his haunting voice; his words poured into my soul. He was like a rock star, larger than life, and he was mine. I lost my heart for good.
When I thought about the happiest moments in my life, he was in them all. The problem was, so was the worst time. My life was a contradiction, and I was starting to feel the weight of it. And now I needed to make a decision. I couldn’t live with the two conflicting emotions any longer; it was mentally draining. I had to decide once and for all. Could I forgive him or not? It was that simple. Everything I had learned of him over the last two months told me that he wasn’t the evil, selfish ass who broke hearts left and right. Could I let go of my anger of the past and love him as he said he loved me?
As I looked up at him singing on the stage, he turned to me and grinned. His sexy smile told me everything, and I knew he truly loved me, it wasn’t a lie.
I didn’t care what he did to me so long ago. I knew in my heart he would never intentionally hurt me again. All that mattered was that I wanted him, needed him. I couldn’t hate him any longer; it was killing me.
When he finished the song, I stood up, making my way though the crowded tables to the stage steps. I leaned against the wall to wait for him.
He stood in front of me, and smiled shyly. “So what did you think?”
As Jim took the mic again, telling the audience they were taking a short break, I grabbed Logan’s shirt, pulling him into a dark corner. “You. Are. So. Hot,” I whispered before I pressed my lips onto his. His fingers dove into my hair as he plunged his tongue in my mouth. I moaned and pushed into his body until I was so close I could feel heat seeping out of him.
“I love you,” I said softly, finally saying what was truly in my heart.
His eyes widened. “You mean it, don’t you?”
I nodded. “And I’m ready.”
“What?” he whispered.
“I want to be close to you. Tonight.”
He froze, gazing into my eyes. “Are you sure?”
I grinned and nodded.
“I need to sing more often.” He smiled playfully.
I kissed him again with a hunger I had never felt before.
“Okay, tonight.” He kissed me once more; I scraped his lips with my teeth. He groaned. “Let’s not wait, let’s go now.” He took my hand, heading for the front door. 
I laughed and pulled him back to our table.
“Holy shit, Logan, you were amazing!” Emma cried from her chair, saying what was obviously on everyone’s mind.
His eyes were pointed to his shoes, looking embarrassed by the praise. “Thanks, guys,” he said, sitting down, turning to face me.
Eager to change the subject, he opened his mouth to speak. But he was interrupted by Sarah. “Why did you quit?” 
“Stage fright,” he mumbled into his glass.
Everybody stared; their faces were filled with shock. “Every time we tried to play in front of people I would have a panic attack. That’s why we’ve never been out of the garage, and once I started to cook I decided to let Jim sing. I was holding them back, and it wasn’t fair to them.” I gaped at him, stunned by his revelation, trying to let what he said soak in. It didn’t make sense. The Logan I knew and hated was not scared of anything, and thrived on attention.
“How did you do it tonight?” I asked, feeling suddenly scared for him, even though he did great.
“Well, it helped that you were here,” he said to me, placing his hand on my knee. “And I closed my eyes, trying to picture the room empty.”
“Well, forget culinary school, you could be a rock star. Think of the babes you’d get,” Pete said from across the table. I didn’t know Pete at all, but I narrowed my eyes at him.
Emma leaned across the table to smack his shoulder. “He’s dating Lisa, idiot.”
“Who’s Lisa?” he asked. It didn’t bother me that he didn’t know me, it was an honest question.
“She’s my girlfriend, and has been for two months now,” Logan said defensively.
I waved awkwardly at Derrick’s friend.
Pete smiled and nodded to me. “Sorry, man, I didn’t know.”
Conversations started around the table. With this amount of people in a group, everyone talked at once. At one point, Emma raised her soda to toast to the last night of fun they’d all have together. Everyone clinked glasses, all with underlined sad expressions. They were happy to move on, but sad they’d never be together as a group again. It was ironic that I would become close to these people just as they were leaving.
Cheers broke out, causing me to look up at the stage. The band sauntered out, taking their positions. They played two more original songs, and after the cheers died down Jim spoke again. “This last song was written by Logan, and he’d kill me if I sang it. So come on Logan, get up here.”
Logan shook his head, glancing at me with fear in his eyes. “No,” he said loudly.
This time he didn’t seem embarrassed. His expression was filled with terror. The audience chanted again, and everyone from our group tried to pull him up. I wasn’t so sure. There was something about the song in particular he didn’t want to sing. He was panicked, and glanced at me with worry in his eyes as he was dragged up onto the stage.
He stood behind the mic, with his hazel eyes fixed on me. “This song is called “She’s Just a Dream.” Dread filled me for some reason, and I was scared to hear the rest.
Jim started strumming his guitar, and then Marcus joined him.
Logan kept his eyes open this time, never taking them from mine. He leaned forward and started to sing.
There is a girl with haunting blue eyes
And hair as yellow as the sun
When I look upon her face
I lose myself and become undone

But she’s just a dream
She’s just a dream

I saw her one night across the room 
I couldn’t believe she was real
We danced and talked 
And I touched her face 

But she’s just a dream
She’s just a dream

We escaped alone to an empty room 
I wrapped my arms around her
And kissed her lovely lips
She felt so right in my embrace
I closed my eyes and I saw her face

But she’s just a dream
She’s just a dream

But when I opened up my eyes 
I couldn’t believe what I saw…
The room was now empty, 
There was just empty space

Because she’s just a dream
She was just a dream

The song ended, and the room exploded with applause. Every person at our table gave a standing ovation.
I couldn’t move. I sat frozen in my seat.
Logan watched me, Emma and Sarah pulled my arm, trying to get me to stand, but I was stunned. My eyes filled with tears, and a chill that formed when the song began lingered along my body.
He returned to the table with a sheepish expression on his face. I blinked the tears away as he sat down next to me. He took my hand and tried to catch my eyes. I smiled politely at him and listened to the group’s praise. I sat back for the rest of the night silently, avoiding the one person that I now loved.
The next few hours went by in a buzz of voices. They talked and joked around, asking me occasionally if I was okay. Logan wanted to go outside and talk, but I refused, telling him that I was having a good time and didn’t want to leave. The truth was, I was still in shock. The moment he started to sing, my world went silent. All I heard were the words of the song. The familiar tale of a boy and girl meeting at a party, going upstairs to kiss, and then the girl disappeared. It was a dream, he said.
Although I needed to know what it meant, I was terrified to ask. Somehow, I knew what he would say.
The song was about the party two years ago.




Chapter Twenty Four
Regret

Of course, the time came when I could no longer avoid him. Eventually our group trickled away in pairs, or groups of four, leaving Sarah, Lucas, Logan, and me. And once Logan talked to Jim, it was time to go.
I asked Logan to drive, unsure if I was up to it. “What’s wrong, Lisa?” he whispered as he opened my door for me. Ignoring what his hot breath on my ear did to me, I just shook my head. I climbed in, barely aware of the scent of my lilac air freshener hanging from the rearview mirror. I couldn’t tell him what was on my mind with an audience around, even though I was actually thankful for the extra time to sort through my thoughts.
Since Sarah was staying overnight at the Tates’, we headed out of the city, on our way to the Tate home. I had also planned an all-nighter, telling my mom that Sarah and I would be sharing a room, but now I just wanted to go home. I was silent as the town disappeared from view, showing more fields and greenery, and the voices around me did nothing to bring me out of my thoughts.

At the house, we parted at the driveway.
Logan and I were in his apartment, and I was sitting on the couch before I was ready to talk.
He took the seat next to me, taking my hand in his. “Please tell me what’s bothering you,” he urged, his voice was strained.
“What do you think it is?” I asked, looking down at our joined hands. With only a light tan, my skin looked pale compared to his dark complexion.
He shrugged his shoulders. “The song?” he guessed. I nodded. “Okay, I dream about you. I didn’t want to tell you because I was afraid it would freak you out.” He sighed, peering into my eyes. “But I don’t understand why you’re so mad.”
“What’s the song about specifically?”
His eyebrows creased. “If you want to know what it’s about, I have to tell you everything.”
I gave him a quick nod. “Go ahead.”
He pulled his hand from mine and leaned back into the leather cushions. “I’ve dreamed about you, or someone who looked like you, since I was a kid.” He glanced at me, and when I made no comment, he went on. “One night, a couple of years ago, I was at a party, and I got wasted. While I was there, I saw this girl, it was her, and I couldn’t believe it.”
My heart sank. No, no, no. This can’t be happening, I chanted in my head.
Unaware of my internal struggle, he went on. “I had a conversation with her, she told me her name, but I was so drunk I don’t remember it. We went up to a bedroom where I kissed her. It was so amazing. To finally see this girl that haunted me, to touch her…was literally a dream come true.
“But she left the room, I don’t remember why, and I fell asleep. Sometime later, she came back in, and I felt her lay on top of me. When she kissed me, it felt wrong, but I thought it was the booze impairing my judgment. Except when I opened my eyes, it wasn’t her. It was Sasha Martin. I was dreaming the whole time; she was never there.” He shrugged, glancing at the wall avoiding my eyes, but I could see that he was upset by the memory. “I must have got so drunk that I went upstairs and fell asleep. I was so angry that it wasn’t real, I yelled at Sasha and ran out of the party. I passed out under a tree. Lucas found me in the middle of the night and took me home.”
Pain and guilt smothered me. My ears buzzed, and I couldn’t breathe. I jumped up. “You’re lying!” I yelled before he could say another word. I could not have wasted two years of my life hating him for nothing. I refused to accept that.
He was confused at my reaction. “No, I’m not. What’s wrong? Why are you so upset?” He reached for me, but I jerked back. I didn’t deserve his touch.
My body trembled, my stomach turned into a knot, I feared I was about to be sick. I covered my ears to stop him from saying anything else.
“Are you okay?” His face was so full of concern for me, the girl that lived to make him suffer…and for what? Nothing.
“I have to go.” When I took a few steps toward the door, he grabbed my arm.
“What? I thought we had plans. Please tell me what’s wrong.” His voice was so kind and soft. I didn’t deserve him; I was a vengeful, evil bitch.
I yanked my arm out of his grip and grabbed my bag off the armchair. I started to walk to the door. “I have to go,” I repeated before rushing out the door.
I was outside, just about to escape, when he came out of the garage. I climbed in the vehicle and turned the key. “Don’t come after me,” I yelled out the window, before speeding off in the car he worked so hard on.
I don’t even remember the drive home; my thoughts kept drifting to his words.
Once safe inside my room, I locked the door and collapsed onto my bed. A single tear fell, that was all I could manage. I tried to ruin a perfectly innocent boy’s life, and all I could manage was one stinking tear. I hated myself for what I did to the boy I loved, and had loved from the moment I saw him. What kind of person did that?
I crawled under the covers, trying to disappear. My phone beeped over and over, but I ignored it. I knew it was Logan, trying to figure out why I flipped out. He cared about me, he loved me. How would he feel if he knew I’d made it my mission for two years to ruin him? Could he forgive me? Of course not. I couldn’t forgive him for what I thought he did. How could I expect the same of him, when what I did was so much worse? He hurt me unintentionally, but I knew exactly what I was doing every time I relayed his behavior to his mom. Every time I plotted revenge.
Lying in the darkness, I remembered the rest of his explanation. I had focused solely on the night of the party, and forgot about the rest. He said he had dreamed of me since childhood. That’s what he was talking about the night he was drunk. “Your eyes, they haunt me…” His voice echoed in my mind. Was this happening to both of us? Were they the same dreams? There had to be an explanation. Of course I could never ask him. I felt so guilty about what I did, I couldn’t be with him any longer.
I woke the next morning, not wanting to get out of bed. I was supposed to go with Kelly for a day of back to school shopping, and meet Adam and Ethan for lunch. I picked my phone up off my nightstand to call Kelly. I needed to cancel, since I was in no shape for a day of fun.
The display on my phone indicated three messages and four texts, all from Logan. He wanted to know what was wrong, and could he come over in the morning to talk. The last text was twenty minutes ago, saying that he was on his way.
He’d be here any minute. Thankfully my mom was at work, so as long as I could ignore him, he couldn’t get in. I climbed out of bed, still wearing my pale pink slinky top and jean skirt from last night, and went to my mom’s room to watch for him.
Her large bedroom faced the street. Pictures of Olivia and me as we grew lined the walls. I sat down on her soft bed and wrapped myself up in her Christmas throw that lay on the end on the bed. I’d made fun of her for having it out all year round, but since it was the first present I bought her without my dad’s help, her response was that she would keep it out forever. It smelled of lilacs, my mother’s favorite perfume.
When I heard a car pull up out front, I ducked under the window.
I peeked once and saw his silver sports car. He got out and went to the door. The doorbell rang three times, and then he started to yell. “Lisa! I know you’re there.” his voice called to me, and the urge to let him in was overwhelming, it took everything in me to resist. How could I after what I did? “Come on, please talk to me.” His voice was heavy with emotion. I was hurting him again. God, I didn’t deserve him. “I’m not leaving until you talk to me,” he yelled, not caring who heard him.
My phone beeped in my hand, causing me to look down at it. Please talk to me. I knew what he said was true, he’d stay here until he saw me, and since that wasn’t going to happen, I needed to get rid of him.
I replied back, telling him Kelly picked me up to go shopping, and that I had just received his text.
I sat on the floor, leaning against the wall. Relief washed over me when I heard the sound of his motor as he backed out of my driveway, and fade away down the street.
Once back in my room, I called Kelly and asked if we could go to the mall tomorrow. She didn’t mind waiting a day to shop for school; she wasn’t in any hurry to go back there, so procrastinating was no big deal. We made plans for me to pick her up early to avoid the Saturday rush at the mall.
Since Logan was going with his family to take Lucas to university, and staying for a few days, I knew I wouldn’t run into him. I didn’t work until Thursday night, so I could avoid him until then. Maybe after a week, he’d give up.
I spent the day going over what I needed to buy for school, dreading the first day, instead of my usual excitement. Logan had graduated, and I would no longer see him every day. Even though I couldn’t be with him anymore didn’t change how I felt. I loved him and probably always would.
Logan called, texted, and even emailed me. I ignored it all. Sitting on my bed wrapped in my duvet, I felt sad and lonely. I needed to talk, but I really didn’t want to face anyone. An idea occurred to me how I could do just that.
Thankfully Ethan was on his computer when I messaged him. So for the rest of the night I exclaimed to him what had been happening for the last few months with Logan. I had been deliberately holding back because I knew if I told him or Adam they would just give me a hard time. Tonight, however, I didn’t care. But Ethan was understanding and sympathetic, not once saying anything negative. I was pretty sure he knew that if he did I would break down. He helped me a lot, and when I finally went to bed, I felt a little less miserable. Until I closed my eyes, and then the guilt of hurting Logan came back like a virus, spreading through my chest. My heart hurt with the weight of it. I thought sleep would turn off the thoughts in my head. Instead, I dreamed of him, of us, the 1920s version. We were dancing on a packed dance floor after he proposed.

The next morning, I picked up Kelly at about ten.
“So tell me why you’re not talking to Logan,” Kelly said as we were sifting through long-sleeve tops.
“I told you, I’m not good for him.” I avoided eye contact with her, staring at the fall colors that passed by, but not really focusing on any of the shirts.
“Because you were wrong about the party?” Her voice was strangely condescending.
“Yes, I hurt him for no reason. What kind of person does that make me?” I glanced up at her.
She arched a brow, leaning against a rack of cargo pants. “A human being. No one is perfect. You did it because you thought he hurt you. Think about it, Lisa, your first sight of him was in dreams, as a soldier and a duke. How could you not put him up on a pedestal? Anything he did in real life could never measure up to that. And after the party, you were devastated because you saw that he was just a normal guy.” I glared at her, annoyed at her for speaking the truth. “I admit if it really was a joke, he deserved what he got. But in the act of that vengeance, it changed you, therefore punishing the both of you.”
We were silent as we sifted through the clothes; the only sounds were conversations going on around us, and the clanging of the hangers.
Kelly sighed after a few minutes, clearly not finished with her lecture. “Personally, I think you both deserve to be happy…but how do you expect him to forgive you, if you can’t forgive yourself?”
My breath caught. “But I can’t forgive myself.” My voice was wobbly, my eyes burned. “I can’t talk about it. I will not cry in the junior section of a department store.” She hugged me quickly, and we went back to shopping.
We met Adam and Ethan at the food court, and when Adam asked about Logan, I told them I that didn’t want to talk about it. The look he gave Ethan told me that Ethan had updated him on what had happened.
After lunch, we went back to shopping and got everything we needed.
As I pulled out of Kelly’s driveway, I saw the curtains from the front window move. I couldn’t see him, but I was sure Austin stood behind the curtains watching. I waved awkwardly, suddenly feeling wary of him. What was his sudden interest in me? Before I started dating Logan, I barely saw him. We had gone our separate ways a year ago without so much as a glance backwards.
I drove around town, taking my time getting home. I had nothing else to do, and I wasn’t in the mood to face my family.
About an hour into my aimless drive, my stomach growled, telling me that it was time to go home. My mom was making spaghetti, and my growing hunger had my foot tap the gas petal.
My heart sank as I pulled into the driveway. Logan’s car sat beside the curb in front of the house. What was he doing here? He was supposed to be with his family sending Lucas off. I fought the temptation to turn around and run away, knowing that I had to face him sooner or later.
Once inside the door, I heard the high-pitched laughter of my sister. “Wogan, do it again.” A combination of dread and excitement filled me with the thought of Logan in the kitchen with my family.
I placed my shopping bags on the sofa, before reluctantly heading for the kitchen. Logan was seated between my mom and Olivia, slurping a long strand of spaghetti, splattering sauce on his face as he sucked it into his mouth. Once it disappeared, he wiped the sauce from his chin, while Livvy and even my mom giggled. When I cleared my throat, three sets of eyes turned to me. Logan stood up quickly, shoving his chair back with a loud squeak against the linoleum floor. “Lisa,” was all he said, but his hazel eyes said so much more. He was hurting from my unexplained, erratic behavior.
“Grab a plate,” my mom said to me, gesturing to the cupboard above the sink where we kept the dishes.
Logan returned to his chair as I went to get my supper. Once my plate was loaded with noodles and sauce, I sat down across from him. My mom had also made garlic bread; it sat in a basket in the center of the table. I took a piece and set it on the side of my plate.
My mom must have sensed the tension between us, because she glanced from me to my boyfriend. “Logan came by looking for you just as I started supper. He offered to help. Doesn’t the sauce taste amazing?”
Indeed it did, but I was in no mood to tell him. I just nodded, taking another bite. I could feel his gaze while I chewed, watching Olivia stuff her food in her mouth with her hands.
“So did you get everything you need?” my mom asked me anxiously.
“Yep.” My voice was purposefully dry, and I refused to look up at her. I wasn’t sure why I was being so difficult, but knowing I had to break his heart was putting me on edge.
Dinner seemed to last hours. Logan glanced at me with eyes filled with questions and sadness. My mom tried a few more times to make conversation, but eventually gave up and took her empty plate to the dishwasher. Afterward, she cleaned up Livvy, who seemed to have more food on her face and hair than in her stomach. She picked her up and headed upstairs for a bath.
Unable to take the awkward silence any longer, I spun to face Logan. “Why are you here? You’re supposed to be in New York,” I asked coldly. I hated talking to him like this, but it would be easier to end it this way.
A look of shock crossed his face before it quickly disappeared. “Change in plans, we’re leaving in the morning. I came here because I want to know what the hell is wrong. Thursday night you said you loved me, and wanted to be with me, and now…” He let his voice trail off, not knowing what else to say.
I stood and picked up our plates, taking them to the dishwasher. “I need some time,” I said, leaning against the countertop. My back was to him, but I could hear him stand up and walk to me.
He stood a few feet away. “What do you mean?”
I took a deep breath, trying to think of a way to do this without hurting him. “I’m confused, and I need time to think.”
“Think about what? Why are you confused? Do you love me or not?”
“I meant what I said, but I need some time and space. Please give it to me.”
He sighed. “How long?”
“I don’t know.”
“Is this about my dreams?”
“No.”
“Fine, call me when you’re ready to talk.” His voice was cold. I was almost relieved to hear his anger; it made it easier. His footsteps led to the front door, and when I heard the door open and shut, I turned around. I wanted to cry, but the tears wouldn’t come. This was my fault. I was hurting him again, and I couldn’t shed a tear.




Chapter Twenty Five
Back to School

On Sunday, the Tate family left for New York to take Lucas to school, making it a day trip instead of their planned overnight visit.
Sarah called before she left to say goodbye and ask what was going on between Logan and me. When I didn’t answer, she said she’d be back in a week to get the rest of her things, and if I needed to talk before then, she made me promise to call. I agreed mainly to get off the phone.
I was going to miss her, but I couldn’t discuss what was wrong. I had Kelly to talk to if need be, not that I had any desire to do so. She’d just pressure me to make it right with Logan, and I couldn’t do that. It was hard to believe, but I did have a conscience, and I couldn’t willingly lie to someone I loved.
Tuesday was the first day of school. I drove my car and parked beside Kelly at the back of the lot, and together we walked into the school for our first day of senior year. We separated at the door to find our new lockers, but met shortly afterward at our shared algebra class. “Have you heard from Logan?” she asked as we took two seats in the center of the room. I sat down behind Rick Reynolds, Jim’s younger brother. He seemed suddenly popular, with Janie and Zoë hanging over their seats to talk to him. They were asking about Jim’s band, and when he’d be singing next.
He loved the attention, assuring them that the next time the Twisted Lanterns played a gig, he’d make sure to get them tickets.
I returned my focus to Kelly, almost forgetting what she had asked. I shook my head, remembering, Logan. “No.” Although I tried to hide my sadness, she wasn’t stupid.
Her eyes narrowed. “If you want him back all you have to do is call.”
Mr. Brown entered the room, so I whispered, “I don’t want him back.”
She wasn’t convinced, but turned around to face the teacher.

At lunch, we sat at our regular table. My eyes wandered more times than I cared for over to the spot where Logan used to sit with Jim. Even though a few ninth graders sat there now, I couldn’t help picture the boy I had dreamed of since my first year here.
“You know, I really didn’t think you had it in you,” Adam said in between bites of his French fries.
Kelly and I glanced at him, where he sat across from us. “Had what in me?” I asked.
He was stirring a long fry into a pile of ketchup. “I never really thought you’d go through with your plan to break his heart. I’m proud of you.”
Kelly turned and glared at me accusingly, holding her sandwich in her hand.
I widened my eyes in surprise. “I didn’t.” I glanced at Kelly. “You know I didn’t.”
“Really, then why did you dump him?” Adam asked with a sneer.
I glared at Ethan. Was that what he told him?
Ethan raised his hands in front of him, in defense. “I never said that.” He gave Adam a dirty look. “You know I didn’t tell you that,” he said, repeating my words.
Adam laughed. “Hey, I’m just trying to lighten the mood.” He glanced at the three of us. “Chill.”
I shook my head at him in disgust. “That was not funny.”
He laughed softly. “I thought so, but I don’t believe his story. I was at the party, and I didn’t see him run out of the house.” He glanced at Kelly and Ethan. “Did you guys?”
They both shook their heads silently, their eyes filled with pity.
“It doesn’t matter what you think. I’m through hurting him.”
Thankfully Kelly changed the subject before Adam could say anything else, talking about her date this coming weekend with Jeremy.

It was the slowest week of my life. I had the best summer ever, only to have it end horribly. School just wasn’t the same without him. Not that we even knew each other when he was here. But since we had spent the last two months together, and I was at school, and had asked for time apart, I missed him terribly. Every day I woke up with the urge to call him, and then I would remember what I did.
Thursday finally came, my first shift since school started, and almost a week since I’d last seen him. I started at four, and his shift ended at five. Even though I’d only see him for an hour, I was still nervous.
The restaurant wasn’t busy as I pulled into the parking lot. The summer crowd was gone now that students were back to school.
I nodded to Amanda, the new hostess, and walked slowly through the building, my eyes darting everywhere looking for Logan. I took a deep breath as I pushed through the breakroom door; a sigh of relief escaping my lips when the room was empty.
I didn’t see him until I had taken my first order. I walked into the busy kitchen to hand the order in. Logan’s head jerked up as soon as I stepped inside. He started to smile, his hazel eyes lighting up, then in a flash, his face went blank and he turned away from me. My chest ached at his rejection, which was ridiculous considering my actions. Everything that was wrong with our relationship was my fault. I was the one who wanted time apart, so how could I feel unwanted by his turning away from me? I knew that all I had to do was apologize, and everything would be fine. He’d give me my favorite cocky grin, and I’d melt in his arms. But I couldn’t do that; nothing had changed.
I slipped quietly into the dining room, my hand shaking as I took the next order.
Half an hour later, Karen cornered me by the drink machine, asking if Logan and I were fighting. “What did he say?” I asked, tired of talking and thinking about my issues with her son.
She frowned. “He wouldn’t say anything.”
“Well, then, I’m sorry, Karen, but I can’t either.”
She narrowed her eyes at me. “Did you hurt him?” Of course, she would assume that; she was the one I fed his bad behavior to.
My breath caught. “Yes, but he doesn’t know it.”
“What do you mean?”
“I can’t say, but it’s better if we’re not together.”
She studied me for a moment. “Okay, I’ll butt out, for now. Get back to work.”
I nodded, piling my drinks onto my tray. She watched me as I walked away.
When Logan finished his shift, he nodded to me as he headed to the exit. My heart ached as the door shut behind him.

I went straight home after school on Friday. Kelly had asked me to go to the movies, but I just wasn’t in the mood. I missed Logan terribly, and didn’t feel like being out with my friends trying to look happy, when it was furthest from the truth.
The house was empty when I got home. My mom wasn’t off until five, and Fridays were Livvy’s nights at my dad’s. I could have gone with her. He and I were getting along so much better now, thanks to Logan. However, I wasn’t the best of company at the moment, and the people I loved shouldn’t have to suffer.
Feeling lonely, I went up to my room to lose myself in the TV. There was an eighties teen movie marathon on, and since they were my favorite, it was exactly what I needed to help with my self-inflicted funk. Once I was snuggled under my duvet, I flicked on the TV, losing myself in someone else’s problems.
I was watching the second movie when my mom called. She was going out with some friends and wouldn’t be home for dinner, and said there was extra spaghetti in the fridge. I wasn’t hungry. 
The sound of the front door opening had me sitting up in bed. I swung the blankets off, when heavy feet pounded on the stairs; I reached for the bat I kept on the floor. It made me feel safe after I watched horror films. Sarah stormed into my room. I breathed a sigh of relief, crawling back into bed.
“What are you doing, Lisa?” she all but shouted.
“What do you mean?” I asked, keeping my eyes fixed on the TV.
“You haven’t answered any of my emails.”
“I thought you were in New York.” Changing the subject seemed the best way to avoid telling her the real reason I was avoiding my email. I knew that there would be messages I really didn’t want to read. It was cowardly, but I didn’t care.
“I was, remember? I told you that I was coming back this weekend to get more stuff.” She stood in front of my bed, hands on her hips. Her long brown hair was windblown. She must have come straight here. She glanced at the TV. “Oooh, Some Day in Harmony. Move over.” I did as she said while she crawled in beside me. “Got any popcorn?”
“Downstairs.” I turned my head to look at her. “When did you get home?”
“A few hours ago. We went straight to the restaurant, where Logan told me that you haven’t spoken to him in a week.”
“It’s not like he’s a Chatty Cathy either.”
“He’s waiting for you to explain why you flipped out last week, and why you wanted time away from him. Something about the song he wrote?”
I sighed heavily, avoiding her gaze. “It’s personal.”
“Well, I’m not leaving until you tell me what’s going on.” She leaned back against the headboard and crossed her arms in front of her. She watched me with one eyebrow raised as I contemplated whether to tell her the truth or not. When I remained silent, she scooted down, resting her head on my shoulder, her long silky hair tickling my face and smelling of guava. “Tell me,” she said softly.
I sighed in defeat. “Do you promise not to tell anyone? Ever!” Once she nodded, I paused the movie, and took a deep breath. “I’ve been dreaming of Logan since the ninth grade. When I started at Hamilton High, I heard about Logan Tate, the hottest guy in school. I’m sure you heard the same thing, everybody had.” When she nodded, I went on.
“Well the first time I saw him in the halls at school, I was in love. I know that sounds stupid, every girl had a crush on him, but I think that’s what started my dreams.” I picked at the lint from my blanket, feeling vulnerable by opening up to her. “In the tenth grade, I went to a party. He was there, drinking very heavily. I was so excited to be somewhere other than school with him. I stood in a corner, happy just to watch him, but when he saw me, he came over. He asked how he knew me, and I suggested school or work. He said no. Then he said, ‘Oh I know, you’re the girl in my dreams,’ and then he walked away.”
She stilled, and her eyes narrowed. “He said that?”
“Yep, but he was drunk. Later, he took me up to a bedroom and we started kissing. It was my first kiss, and it was amazing. He said some more things about his dreams. My eyes were as blue as the ocean…and they haunt him. His words were so sweet my heart melted right then and there.” I sighed at the memory. “And then my phone rang.”
Sarah stared at me holding her breath. “What happened next?”
“I went to the bathroom to talk to my mom. And when I went back, Sasha Martin was lying on top of him, and they were making out.”
“That asshole,” she hissed, her face full of anger.
“Exactly. I thought that he was playing some kind of joke on me. That somehow he knew about my dreams, and this was a way to make fun of me. I ran out of the house before he could laugh.”
“That’s why you spied on him.” She pointed at me as the realization hit her. I nodded. “But why would you even date him if he did that to you?”
“I wouldn’t at first. He began asking me about a year ago, when you started dating Lucas. I turned him down every time.”
“That’s why he said you hated him?”
“Right again.”
“What a jerk.” She sat up and looked down at me. “You know what we need?”
“What?”
“Food.” 

We reheated the leftover spaghetti, grabbed a couple of sodas, and sat in the living room to eat. “Okay, go on,” Sarah said, taking a drink.
“Okay, where was I? Remember you said he liked me?” I asked and she nodded. “Well, that got me thinking. Telling his mom everything he did wasn’t working anymore, so I decided to try something different.” I didn’t tell her that it was Kelly’s idea, not wanting to get my best friend involved.
Her eyes widened with wonder, really getting into my story.
“I decided to hurt him the way he hurt me. I started dating him, trying to get him to fall in love with me so I could dump him.”
She visibly flinched. “That’s harsh, don’t you think?”
“I know, and I think it was just an excuse to be with him. I’ve spent these last two years in a tug of war. I wanted to hate him so badly, but my dreams made me love him. I didn’t want to, but I did. I felt so good to be with him, you know, like we were supposed to be together. Every time I felt myself falling for him, I’d think of the night he played his trick on me, and I hated him all over again.”
She folded her feet on the coffee table, stabbing her fork into her noodles. “Did you really think he was playing a joke on you?”
I nodded, absently moving my noodles around with my fork.
“So,” she said with her mouth full. “Why’d you freak out after he sang that song?”
I stared at her with an eyebrow raised. “Think about the words of the song. He met a girl from his dreams, hair yellow as the sun, eyes as blue as an ocean. They kissed and talked, and when he closed his eyes she was gone, because it was a dream.”
She gasped. “The party.”
I nodded. “Exactly.”
“Did you ask him about it?” 
I nodded again. 
“What did he say?”
“He said that he’s dreamed of me, or someone who looked like me, since he was a kid. And one night when he was really drunk, at a party, he saw her there, they talked and kissed, and she left the room. He fell asleep, and when she came back she started kissing him. He opened his eyes, but it wasn’t her, it was Sasha. He said he yelled at her and ran out of the house. He passed out under a tree until Lucas came and got him in the middle of the night.”
She gasped again, holding her hand over her mouth. “Oh my God. You hated him for no reason.”
My breath caught, burying my face in the couch cushions. “I know,” I mumbled.
“But isn’t this a good thing, he didn’t play a joke on you.”
I turned my head away from the cushion. “Yeah, but look at everything I did behind his back to get revenge for something he didn’t even do. I can’t be with him after what I’ve done.” We sat quietly for a few minutes. My face buried in the couch, she sat back against the chair, thinking. The mantel clock ticked loudly above the fireplace.
“Haven’t you ever wondered why you both are dreaming about each other?” she asked, breaking the silence.
“No, I’ve been too busy feeling guilty.”
“I know why.”
I sat up and glanced at her. She sat back in the soft armchair, her legs crossed, in an uncomfortable-looking pose. “You know why, what?”
She raised her eyebrows and rolled her eyes. “The dreams, you idiot. I bet if you compared them, they’d be the same.”
I looked at her doubtfully. “What?”
She smirked at me. “You’re soul mates.”




Chapter Twenty Six
Soul Mates

“What is in that soda?” I asked, gesturing to the drink in her hand.
“You don’t believe me?”
“Ah…no.”
“Fine. But answer a few questions for me…honestly.”
I nodded my head. “Okay, shoot.”
“The first time he touched you. What did you feel?”
I couldn’t tell her what I felt. It was too bizarre. “Nothing, why?”
She narrowed her eyes at me. “You’re lying.” 
I held my ground, refusing to answer.
“You felt a spark that tingled up your arm, or wherever he touched you.” She folded her arms in front of her, giving me a look of triumph.
“H…how did…you know that?’
“Because that’s what I felt when Lucas first touched me, after I started dreaming of our former life.” She actually sounded serious, no sign of laughter in her voice.
I smiled, a small laugh slipping out. “You expect me to believe that you were reincarnated, and you remember your past life with Lucas.”
“It’s true. In our past life, we were killed, stabbed in the back and chest by a guy named Tony. That’s why my old friend was stalking me.”
“What, he was reincarnated too?” I laughed again.
“Fine, don’t believe me, but I have one more question for you.” I nodded for her to continue. “How can you tell Logan from Lucas?”
I couldn’t answer that question either, instead I lied. “The freckles.”
She shook her head, a look of disbelief on her face. “Try again.”
I sighed. From the look on her face, I could tell she knew what my answer would be. “Like you said at the cottage, I just do.”
“But how do you know?” she persisted, unfolding her legs and leaning forward in her chair.
I glanced down at the cushion on my lap, shaking my head. I refused to answer. “Fine, I’ll say it. You feel his presence, and there’s a pull towards him.”
I couldn’t admit what she said was true; it was just too strange. I shrugged my shoulders, choosing to remain silent.
She gave me an exasperated sigh. “Fine, I’ll prove it to you.” She tossed her empty bowl onto the coffee table and stood up. “Let’s go.”
My eyes traveled up, following her movement. “Where are we going?”
“You’ll see.”
We cleaned up our mess, and then I followed her out to her car with a feeling of apprehension. I had a vague idea where we were headed; I just hoped I was wrong.
It wasn’t long before my thoughts were confirmed, when she pulled onto Oakland Road. She took her phone out and dialed. “Hi, where are you?” she said into the cell. “I have her, can you get him to the house?...We’ll be there soon…I’ll tell you when I get there.” There was something very cloak-and-dagger about her conversation.
“Why are we going there, you know what I did. I can’t be near him.”
She just smiled, turned up the radio, and started to sing.
By the time Sarah pulled into the Tates’ driveway, I was ready to wring her neck. Every time, I tried to talk to her, she’d turn, smile, and sing even louder. Actually, the sight of Logan’s home was a relief, because it meant that she would stop singing.
Sure enough, as soon as the car was off, she was quiet, but still smirking at me like she knew something I didn’t.
I reluctantly followed her into the house, where Lucas and Logan sat waiting on the couch playing a war video game. The sounds of shooting and screams drifted out of the TV.
They set their remotes down as we approached them.
“Do you guys have any of the same clothes?” Sarah asked after giving Lucas a kiss.
Logan glanced at me quickly then looked away. It was extremely difficult to be so close to him. The electric buzz between us was as strong as ever, and the desire to go to him would never fade, and yet I couldn’t. I had hurt him enough.
Both twins were confused by her question. “Why?” Lucas asked.
She sighed in frustration as she stood in front of him, hands on her hip. “Just answer the question.”
“Well, we probably have the same color pants and shirts, but I doubt they’re exactly alike,” Lucas said, standing up.
“What about old gym uniforms?” she asked.
“I have mine,” Logan said with a shrug, his hands folded on his lap. I noticed that his eyes traveled to Lucas, Sarah, everywhere other than me.
When Lucas nodded, Sarah told them to go change. With a wink in my direction, she followed Lucas into his room, holding her bag over her shoulder, leaving me alone in the living room. I plunked down on the plush leather armchair, picking up a discarded novel that sat on the coffee table. It was The Catcher in the Rye, and I had no doubt in my mind that it was Lucas’. The cover was worn, with the edges peeling away, the pages thick with use. It was obvious that it had been well read. He and Sarah shared their love of books, and I often found him in the breakroom huddled over a paperback.
Feeling restless, I stood up, retuning the book where I had found it, and wandered over to the wall separating the living room from the kitchen. There were pictures of their family displayed as a whole, and some of the twins alone. After a few baby pictures, I found the one Logan had mentioned of the twins on a horse with matching brown plaid overalls, missing teeth and all. I laughed. The photo was hilarious, and I didn’t blame him for not wanting others to see it, although I was extremely pleased I had.
I turned toward the sound of doors opening. All three came out, Lucas and Logan dressed the same in dark green school shorts and green-trimmed white T-shirts. “Why are we wearing these dorky clothes again?” Logan asked.
“To prove something to Lisa, and to you.” She pushed the two of them into the hallway. “Come here, Lisa.”
I followed her command and stood in front of them. “Now, do they look exactly alike?”
I looked them over. The clothes were the same, and their hair looked as if Sarah had just messed it up on purpose. So far yes, they did look exactly alike; never had I seen them so similar. I stifled a laugh. But I knew there was one tell. My gaze moved to the tops of their cheeks, and was surprised. “Lucas has no freckles!” I said in surprise.
Sarah smiled and held up her case of cover-up.
Logan laughed, turning to face his brother. “Hey, bro, can I borrow some lipstick? I’m all out.”
I couldn’t help but laugh as Lucas punched Logan in the shoulder. “Fine, Sarah, they look alike, but I can still tell them apart, they were just talking.”
She looked smug as she held up a heavy black scarf, walked forward, and covered my eyes with it, tying it behind my head. I started to struggle, the idea of having no sight not appealing, and the fact that she was being so cryptic kind of grating on my nerves. But she held me tighter, and when the scarf was secured she stepped away from me. All I could see was blackness with the occasional speck of light. “Can you see?” she asked me.
I shook my head no, suddenly unsure of the direction her voice came from, since she had moved. “Okay, walk to Logan.”
Wow, this was hard. I knew he was only, like, five steps in front of me. I could probably put my arms out and reach him. Even so, I hesitated.
“Go,” Sarah said, as though I was a child who was acting up.
I sighed. “This is stupid. I know he’s right there.”
“Than walk to him,” she said, starting to get annoyed.
I took a step forward, and then another, but suddenly I felt a pull to my right, making me change course automatically. I knew Lucas was in this direction, and as soon as I stopped in front of him, I’d be waiting for an awkward conversation. His girlfriend was my friend and she was standing right beside me. How would I explain that I was suddenly drawn to him? I stopped at my destination, feeling an overpowering pull to what was in front of me. As soon as Sarah put the blindfold on, I had no control to where I wanted to go. I meant to step forward, but something made me turn.
I yanked off the scarf, ready for the argument. Lucas was smiling down at me with a look of longing. Okay, what was happening? Why was he staring at me like that? Uneasiness settled in the pit of my stomach. I turned to Sarah. “See, it’s Lucas. You were wrong.”
She smiled. “That’s Logan. I switched them.”
My head whipped up to whoever was in front of me, and I grabbed his face, pulling it down towards me. I tried to wipe off the make up that was covering the freckles with my finger, but there were none there. It was Logan. The only difference between the twins was the slight dusting of freckles on the top of Lucas’ cheeks. Logan gazed into my eyes, looking as confused as I felt.
“So, Lisa. If you aren’t soul mates, how did you know it was him?”
Logan gaped at Sarah, shocked by her words, but instead of speaking, he waited for my answer.
But truthfully, I had none to give them. I didn’t know how I knew. I was just pulled somehow. I’d felt his presence before many times, just knowing somehow that Logan was in the room. But to walk blindfolded right to him was totally unexplainable. Maybe she was right. I opened my mouth to answer. There must be a logical explanation, but nothing came to me.
She laughed. “You told me earlier that you’ve dreamed of Logan since the ninth grade.”
Logan turned to me with a surprised look on his face. The fact that he was so quiet told me that he was having a hard time processing what was happening, and actually, so was I.
I spun away from him, not sure what all this meant, but what was happening didn’t change anything. I still felt guilty every time I saw his handsome face.
“You also said they must have started after you saw him, and it was your imagination, right?” Thankfully, she left the part out about my crush on him. When I nodded she went on. “In these dreams, what are your names?” 
Both Logan and I stared at her with confusion.
“What were your names?” Lucas repeated for Sarah.
I opened my mouth to speak; but Logan beat me to it. “They’re different in each time.”
Sarah looked at him. “What do you mean, each time?”
“One set of dreams is in the fifteenth century, and the other is in the nineteen twenties.”
“What are your names in the first set?” Lucas asked, excitement showing on his face.
“Jane and Thomas,” we said at the same time. I was sure that Logan was thinking the same thing I was. That this couldn’t be real, it was just a dream, and soon we’d both wake up. What Sarah and Lucas were implying just wasn’t possible.
“What about the second?” Sarah asked. We looked away from each other, to focus on her.
I stayed silent this time, letting Logan answer. “Ben and Annie.” I wasn’t surprised that our answers were the same. Maybe it was true after all. It was better than the explanation I came up with. Which was nothing.
“Tell them our story, Sarah,” Lucas said quietly.
We got comfortable in the living room. Logan and I sat on the couch, Sarah and Lucas took the chairs in front of us. With a smile and a deep breath, she began. She told us about the first time she dreamed of Lucas, and bumping into him the next day. Of their dreams, and that their names were Katie Simms and David Wilson. They began to date and eventually, someone started to terrorize her, following her, throwing a rock through her window, and even trying to run her over with a car. The last straw was when he tried to take her at knife point. Lucas had had enough, and that was when he broke up with her, hoping he could protect her if he kept his distance. It didn’t work.
She told us that she dreamed of Tony from the past, and how his face haunted her. And finally about a friend of hers kidnapping her, and that he told her he was making up for the past life. Tony didn’t get her back then, but that was going to change. His plan was to push Lucas off the cliff and take Sarah away. He thought that after Lucas was gone she would love him. The problem was, he pushed Logan off the cliff without knowing they were twins. Of course, Logan and I knew the rest. The guy stalking her died while struggling with Lucas, falling off the cliff onto a bunch of boulders. Apparently after it was all over, the dreams stopped.
I wasn’t sure what to make of their story. It sounded kind of far-fetched, even though I trusted them both. My face must have revealed my disbelief because Sarah stood up and said, “Fine, don’t believe us. Whatever happened is in the past.” Her eyes shifted to mine. “You two belong together, and you’re wasting time being angry.” With that, she took Lucas’ hand and walked down the shadowed hallway and into Lucas’ bedroom, closing the door behind them.
After they were gone, Logan turned to me. “Are you going to tell me what’s wrong?” His voice was soft and gentle as he reached up, brushing his fingers against my chin. And again I felt the tingling sensation; I had missed the feel of his touch over the last week.
Even after everything Sarah said, I couldn’t admit what I did. I loved him, and I knew that if I told him the truth he’d hate me, and I just couldn’t face that. Not yet anyway. “It was the dreams,” I lied. “I was freaked out that we were dreaming of each other. Do you think they’re the same?”
“Well, we both said the same names, and the same centuries. I’d bet they are.”
I was quiet for a few minutes thinking about all I had learned, and wondering if I was ready to take this step with him.
There was only one thing I could do, and really there was never a choice. I took a leap. “The ones I had since the ninth grade were about Jane meeting Thomas outside a palace the day of a masquerade ball, and his proposing.”
He nodded. “I’ve had the same ones. And Ben met Annie at the pier after he came home from the war. She was looking for someone, and he took her hand to help her. Then he proposed at a speakeasy.”
My eyes widened, my heart sped up. It was true, they were the same dreams. What did it mean though? Were we really soul mates? It just didn’t seem possible. Soul mates were in corny romance novels, not real life. “I’ve been having new dreams lately.”
“About what?”
“I’m running, both Annie and Jane, from someone, or after someone.”
“Who?”
“I don’t know, his face is always in shadow.” I looked into his eyes. “Have you had any different dreams?”
“Only one. The day of Thomas and Jane’s wedding, someone jumped out a window of the castle. I stared down at the body of a man, and his arms and legs were broken. I don’t know who it was, but I felt sad and guilty by his death.” He paused, running his hand through his brown, shaggy hair. “Soldiers were running around trying to cover or dispose of the body. The wedding guests were in the west garden, and they didn’t want the accident known. I heard a sob from above and looked up. You, or Jane, were standing in the window, a look of pure devastation on your face. I think it was your friend who died. I called out to you, and your knees buckled. Just as you started to fall, I woke up in a cold sweat.” His voice was soft, and his eyes were filled with pain.
“It was just a dream, Logan. I’m fine.” I ached to put my hand on his, to comfort him, if only to feel the warmth of his skin. I held back, waiting for the right moment.
His lips turned up into a slight smile. “I know, and I didn’t see you fall, but it was so real.” He touched my cheek with the back of his hand. “I love you, Lisa. I couldn’t handle it if something happened to you.”
“I’m here. And I love too.” My words were barely a whisper as he moved in, his lips getting closer and closer. He was giving me a chance to back out, if this wasn’t what I wanted. But of course I did. I was just going to have to live with the guilt, because it was better than living without him. His lips finally touched mine, and I knew this was where I was supposed to be, kissing Logan, wrapped in his arms.




Chapter Twenty Seven
Annie and Ben

“Blue, green, yellow, orange, brown, red. Blue, green, yellow, orange, brown, red,” Kelly chanted as she color coded her candies on a napkin. We were sitting at our lunch table outside, waiting for the guys to show up. The weather was uncharacteristically warm for October, and we were taking the opportunity to enjoy this rare reprieve Mother Nature had given us.
I watched her for a few seconds. “What are you doing?”
“What does it look like?” Her pale gray eyes squinted at me; the sun was facing her, shining brightly. I could feel its heat on my back. I was wearing a black blouse, which I now regretted.
I swiped at a lock of hair that had blown in my eyes by a gust of air. “Like you’re color coding your candy.”
“That’s exactly what I’m doing.” She had a wicked sweet tooth and loved candy, especially the ones with chocolate inside. It was a wonder she still had all her teeth.
I rolled my eyes at her and glanced down at my tuna sandwich before I took a bite. This was a habit I had started when I was a kid. I was watching TV one day and eating crackers. During a commercial, I happened to look down at the cracker I was about to eat and saw a little worm. From then on, nothing went into my mouth without my first looking at it. That was when I starting changing the way I ate based on appearance.
“Is Logan taking you to the dance?” Kelly asked. It was a week before the Halloween dance, and it was all she could talk about. “Jeremy and I are going as Marco and Berty from Slicked Back.” It was a movie based in the fifties about a group of teenagers who smoked cigarettes, wore lots of leather, and sang songs. Kelly and I had seen it at least twenty times.”
I laughed, picturing, them both clad in leather. Him with his hair greased back, hers teased, and wearing tight clothes like a second skin. “Actually I haven’t asked him to go yet.”
“Why not?” 
That was a question I didn’t quite know the answer to. The last two months had been the happiest months of my life. Logan and I spent as much time together as we could. I saw him after school, and when we worked together. Things were going really well for him at work, and he was looking into what schools to go to. We were trying to find a place we could go to together.
The crank emails and calls slowed down. I got a few, but as usual, I ignored them. Logan and I were doing great, why cause tension?
Even though things were going so well, I was still a little nervous to bring him back to Hamilton High, where every girl wanted him. Someone could slip about my old plan for revenge. Not many knew the reasons I did it, but my spies knew they were paid by me to get dirt on him. Now that we were so happy together, I couldn’t risk his finding out; I was afraid he’d leave me. “I forgot,” I simply said, leaving the real reasons unspoken.
“I thought we were going together.” There was a hint of whine in her voice, as she held the colorful candies in her hand, jiggling them.
“We are. I’ll ask him soon.”
The conversation ended once Adam and Ethan came to the table with their trays. Adam was going to the dance with a girl name Ruby, who was Ethan’s neighbor. We were all supposed to meet outside the school the night of the dance, which was another reason I was reluctant to ask Logan. Since my fight with my boyfriend, Ethan and Adam had been concerned by our relationship. They were afraid he’d hurt me again. I continually reassured Ethan on our nightly talks that I was fine. But I couldn’t ignore the look of worry on both my male friends’ faces when I spoke of Logan. Ethan was becoming as close a friend as Adam.
After school, I drove to Logan’s. I always enjoyed the short drive, where my world changed from tall office buildings and overcrowded neighborhoods to green pastures, farms, and lots and lots of trees. Since it was fall, the leaves had changed to reds, golds, and browns. It was my favorite time of year, when it wasn’t too hot or too cold. The season to me felt new, like a new beginning, a fresh start. Even though the weather was turning cold, and most plant life would die, I thought of new clothes I couldn’t wait to wear. Cool new shoes that were waiting to be broken in, fresh lined notebooks without scribbles on the cover. Every year I promised myself I would keep the notebooks clean, and every year doodles somehow appeared, filling the front and back pages.
Logan was washing his car as I pulled into the driveway. The sudsy water leaked onto the pavement, creating a puddle. “Hi, beautiful,” he said, making his way toward me. His smile lit up his face as he bent down to kiss me. I was so happy to see him. He had worked for the last four nights, and I missed him terribly.
“Hi,” I said after a very welcoming kiss. “You want to wash mine too?” I followed him back to his silver sports car.
“Do it yourself.” He tossed a sponge at me, dripping water on my hair and face.
“Hey.” I laughed as I held my hands up above my head, trying to shield my hair from the soapy water.
I picked up the sponge he threw and helped scrub his car. After we finished, we started on mine.
“So, when are Sarah and Lucas coming back?” I missed Sarah. She’d been so busy at school, they hadn’t been back since that first week. We emailed back and forth, but it wasn’t the same. I also missed Lucas, but we weren’t close enough to email.
“Not until Thanksgiving, they’re both really busy.”
“I can’t wait to see them.”
“Yeah, I miss them too. Since Andy and Kyle are also coming back, we’re planning to get together to do something, maybe go out to The Pit again.”
“Sounds like fun.” I scrubbed a patch of mud off the bumper and then dunked the sponge into the bucket; the water that was once hot, was now cold and dirty. “Speaking of fun, the Halloween dance is next Friday, do you want to go?”
He wiped the last of the dirt from the front hood and picked up the hose. “Sure. We never went to a dance together while I was actually in school.”
Since I wanted to stay dry, I stood back while he sprayed both cars; a rainbow appeared in the spray as it fell onto the two vehicles. “So what do you think we should go as?”
He was thoughtful while he cleared off the soap, and then shut off the hose, water droplets dancing along the hot car. “Why don’t we go as Annie and Ben?”
“As in, from our dreams?”
He nodded. “Yeah, it’ll be cool. My dad has a blue pinstripe suit he used for a costume party. He was a mobster. And we could find you a red dress with tassels from a costume store.”
It really was a sweet idea, with only one problem. “No one will know who we are.”
“We’ll just say you’re a flapper, and I’m a gangster. They don’t have to know who we are specifically.”
Since he put it that way, it was a great idea. Although I’d rather be Jane and wear a ball gown, a flapper dress sounded easier. No corsets needed. “Okay, I’m in. I’ll go shopping after school tomorrow.”
When the cars were clean, we headed into his apartment. “Are you curious at all?” I asked him from the kitchen table. He was leaning over the counter, cutting onions, potatoes, and carrots for Swiss steak.
“About what?”
“About what happened to the people in our dreams, and if they were actually real?”
“Sure. Why don’t you go get my laptop and see if you can find anything on them? And then we’ll know if it’s true or not.”
I stood up and went into his room. Of course, I couldn’t find it. Since he’d moved here, the boxes were now empty, but instead of placing the contents in closets and drawers, it looked like everything was strewn all over the floor.
I finally found it sticking out from under his bed, covered by a brown T-shirt with a moose head on the front. I took the computer to the kitchen table and turned it on.
“Are you going to clean your room anytime soon?” I asked him absently as I watched the laptop boot up.
He added two steaks to a heated pan; it sizzled when the raw meat touched the hot metal. “What do you mean? It is clean.”
I raised an eyebrow at him as I typed in “Thomas and Jane Whitmore-15th century.” Nothing came up. Then I typed in Whitmont Castle, the name of the London castle they lived in, and a list of residents appeared with dates they had lived there. Finally, their names appeared. “Here they are. They lived in the castle from 1536 until 1557 when Thomas died of smallpox. Jane followed a few months later. It doesn’t say what killed her. They were survived by six children.”
“Cool. Does it say anything about that friend you mentioned? What was his name, George?”
I nodded as I scanned the article and found his name. “Yeah, it says that a George Ashby, a long-time companion of Countess Whitmore, aka, Jane, died on the day of their wedding. But it doesn’t say how.” But I knew, because I was there.
“We know how,” he said, leaning against the stove, a tea towel in his hand.
“I guess so.” So it was true, we were these people. We had to be; otherwise, how did we know the details? It was easy to deny before I looked into it, but now, I wasn’t so sure. Were we really soul mates?
Logan removed the pieces of steak from the pan before adding the onions and garlic. “What about Annie and Ben?”
They were easier to find. There was an old ad in the society pages about their marriage, and then their deaths in the sixties—they died in a car accident. They were survived by four children. When I looked up Lewis’s name, all it said was: deceased. I felt it, and for the first time, I believed I was Lewis’ best friend, and Ben’s wife. I just couldn’t say it out loud. Yet.

The next day I found the perfect dress at a costume store on Brick Street. It was exactly like the one Annie wore at the speakeasy, the night Ben proposed. Looking in the mirror, with the dress on, I was transported back in time. All I needed was shoulder-length wavy hair and makeup, and I would be her. It was so strange to look like the person I’d been dreaming of all this time. 
I stepped out to show Kelly.
“Wow, you look amazing.”
I turned to her and grinned. She looked so cool in her short blond wig and black clothes. It was as if Bertie was standing in front of me. “What? Don’t you like it?” she asked, looking down at the black, skintight shirt and matching black leather pants.
“You look hot. Marco’s gonna totally love it.”
She laughed, glancing in the mirror. She fluffed her wig and smirked at her reflection. “Do you think I should go blond?”
“God no, black suits you better.”
“But don’t you have more fun?” she asked me as her only blond-haired friend.
I laughed. “No one has more fun than you do.”
She gave herself one more once-over before heading to the change room. “You’re right. I do have more fun than you. You’re always too serious.” She shut the door, but continued to talk. “Although you’ve never looked happier than you’ve been since you made up with Logan. That boy is good for you.”
I sighed dreamily. “I know.”
Since I couldn’t stand in the store all night admiring myself, I went into my change room to take off the dress, switching from Annie to plain old Lisa.

Friday night, I stood in front of my mirror, dazed at what I saw. It was the night of the dance, and Logan was on his way to pick me up. My hair was down, in finger waves, the way they use to do it in the twenties. My costume came with a feather headband, but I chose not to wear it, since I wasn’t really a flapper. I was Annie, and in my dreams she never wore one. My red tasseled dress fell to my knees and sparkled under the light. When I shook my body, the tassels danced. It was fun. When I first put the dress on I couldn’t stop shaking in front of the mirror.
My makeup wasn’t all that different, just a little darker around the eyes, and I wore a small amount of blush. I had to admit I looked good. I was excited for the night to begin.
At the sound of the doorbell, my heart did a flip. I rushed down the stairs, almost tripping in my spiked heels, and opened the door before my mother had a chance.
Logan stood on the other side, with a look of surprise and appreciation at the sight of me. He was wearing a blue pinstripe suit, almost identical to the one Ben wore the night of the proposal. His hair was slicked back away from his face, his hazel eyes sparkled in the light, and his cocky grin finished off the look. He was perfect. “Ben,” I said with a nod.
“Annie.” He bowed in front of me, and I caught his savory scent.
I opened the door for him and stepped aside.
“Wow, look at you two.” My mom stood in the living room carrying a very large bumblebee. Olivia’s black and yellow suit was thick and plush, with a sparkled antenna headband. They had just returned from trick or treating, and Livvy’s face was covered in chocolate.
I curtsied in front of them. “Do you like it?”
“Of course, you both look awesome.” My mom set Livvy down and reached for her camera that sat on the coffee table. “Okay, stand still; let me take your picture.”
Logan wrapped his arm around my shoulder, and we both smiled. Just as my mom hit the button, Livvy jumped in front of us and yelled, “Cheese!”
We all laughed at her. “Livvy, you had your turn, now let me take Lisa’s picture.” My mom reached for her just as Logan stepped forward to pick her up. “It’s okay, Deb, she can be in the picture.”
“Okay, everybody, say cheese.” She took another one, this time with Olivia in Logan’s arms.
Before we left, Logan wiped the chocolate Livvy had left on his face after she kissed his cheek.

We picked Kelly and Jeremy up, and again posed for pictures, with us in our 1920s garb, and the other two clad in black leather. Austin scowled at Logan while we posed for their mother, making me feel uneasy.
Finally, we were off to the dance, the first time I was going to actually have fun. In the past I had always gone to spy on Logan.




Chapter Twenty Eight
Lewis

The lot was packed when we pulled up in Logan’s car.
“Does it feel weird to be back here?” I asked Logan as we followed Kelly and Jeremy into the school.
“Not really, I haven’t been gone that long.” He took my hand. “I’m actually looking forward to showing you off.” He leaned in to kiss me; his lips were soft and gentle. It felt so weird to be in his arms standing in front of the school. If I didn’t know any better, I’d have thought I was dreaming.
Logan’s name was whispered throughout the halls as we headed to the gym doors. Tina Wesley, our student body president, was sitting at a table placed outside the gymnasium, taking tickets. Bass-pumping music poured out through the doors.
Kelly and Jeremy handed in their tickets and then stepped into the gym.
As I handed my tickets to Tina, she stared dreamily at Logan, who didn’t even notice her; he was talking to a couple of basketball players. When they walked away, he turned back and kissed me on the cheek. Tina’s mouth hung open in shock as we walked away.
The dance floor was packed with Draculas, princesses, witches, a devil, and even a very tall gorilla, which left only a few tables empty. We joined Kelly and Jeremy at one in the back. “This is so awesome. I wonder who decorated,” Kelly yelled over the loud music when Logan and Jeremy went off to get us some punch. She was right, everything looked amazing. The gym was decked out with cobwebs and gigantic spiders in almost every corner. There was a display against the west wall with three coffins. The center one was open with a mummy lying in cobwebs. The two beside it were closed with skeletal hands sticking out of the edges. Whenever someone walked by the hands would move and the coffins would shake, banging loudly onto the hard concrete floor. If it was a girl who walked by, shrieks usually followed.
The drink table was filled with scary finger foods, actual fingers, made out of wieners that were stuck out of plastic cups. The punch bowl was steaming with what must be dry ice, and in the center of the table sat a brain. I couldn’t tell what it was made of, but it looked extremely realistic.
“It was probably the student council. Aren’t they in charge of the dances?” I said absently. I was distracted, watching Logan head back to the table carrying two cups. He’d take a few steps until a girl stepped in front of him batting her eyelashes. He’d smile politely, and then sidestep around her. By the third time this happened, Jeremy gave up, continuing to our table, leaving Logan behind.
He sat down beside Kelly, handing her the cup. “What’s with all the attention?” he asked, nodding to Logan where he stood, now with two girls.
“Oh that. Logan used to be the most popular guy in school. The one every girl dreamed of, and since he graduated, this is the first time he’s been back here.”
This was exactly what I was worried about. What if Logan wanted these girls to throw themselves at him? He’d seemed to enjoy the attention when he was enrolled here. But now, he just looked annoyed. He walked away from the two girls, but when he saw a few other girls turn to face him, he rushed the rest of the way looking straight ahead.
“What’s going on here? Why are all these girls talking to me? Is it my costume?” he asked once he was safely by my side.
Kelly and I glanced at him, wondering if he was kidding. His expression was serious, waiting for an answer. “Isn’t that how it was when you went here?” I asked.
“Yeah, girls talked to me, but not like this.”
“Well you haven’t been here in a while, and a lot of these girls were at The Pit when you sang. And every girl loves a rock star.” Kelly grinned at Logan before taking a drink of her puke green colored punch.
Logan grimaced. “Thank God I’m not in a band anymore.”
Kelly glanced at me with an eyebrow raised before turning back to Logan. “I thought you liked all the attention.”
Sighing heavily, he said, “Not always.” But I had a feeling he wanted to say more.
When a slow song came on, Logan turned to me. “Would you like to dance, Annie?” I was surprised that he called me that in public, but when I looked over at Kelly and Jeremy, they were busy watching the dancers and didn’t seem to notice.
“Yes, I would, Ben.”
He laughed softly as we both stood up. He took my hand, leading me to the center of the dance floor; it was as if he wanted as many people as possible to see us together. I felt a thrill of excitement tingle up my spine as all eyes turned to us. Many of the girls who approached him earlier were whispering to each other. I could only guess what they were saying: “What is Logan Tate doing with Lisa Miller?” But once his arms wrapped around my waist, I pushed everyone else out of my mind. I didn’t care if they were talking about me. I was in Logan’s arms, exactly where I belonged. I couldn’t help but wish that Ninth Grade Lisa was here watching. She would never believe this would happen.
Logan’s head was resting against mine, and we were silent for a while, moving slowly to the music.
“I hope you enjoy this dance,” he whispered.
“Why?”
“Because it will be our last. I feel like some kind of freak. Everyone is staring at us.”
I chuckled, lifting my head to look into his hazel eyes. “They’re not staring at us. Just you.”
“Yeah well…I don’t like it.”
My brow furrowed as I leaned back to look at him. “Wow, Logan Tate hates attention. This is new.”
He yanked me back against him, and I took in his scent and the warmth of his body. “It’s not really. I never liked it.”
“You could have fooled me.” My words were muffled as I spoke against his jacket.
He frowned down at me and looked away. “Actually, I was really unhappy back then. I was looking for something, hoping those girls could give it to me. Sometimes I’d act like a jerk just to get any kind of attention. I was really screwed up.”
How had I misjudged him so much? How had everybody? Of course, no one knew there were reasons behind his jackassery, but I suddenly felt like I shouldn’t have been so hard on him. Not about the night of the party—I didn’t know he wasn’t playing a joke on me—but about everything else. He was a jerk at school, and apparently it was because he was hurting inside, from what, I didn’t know, but maybe one day he’d tell me.
“Isn’t everybody?” I asked, half trying to make him feel better, half admitting I had problems of my own.
He glanced at me with a smirk on his face. The lights were low, but I could see his hazel eyes brighten slightly. “Are you saying that you’re screwed up?” His hand pressed into my back, and heat spread up to my shoulders. My feet stilled for a moment, but quickly recovered. I was afraid he would step on my toe.
“I wasted a year and a half hating my dad for something he didn’t do.” Wow, did that sound familiar.
“That is pretty screwed up.” He smiled, his mood shifting.
“Hey,” I said, playfully shoving his shoulder.
He grinned leaning in to touch his lips to mine. For the rest of the song and the next, we danced and kissed.
The next song was a fast one, and Logan refused to dance with me. I followed him with a pout on my face to our table, where four more people sat. The table wasn’t big enough for all the chairs, so a few were sitting far back into the aisle. Adam and Ruby were squeezed between Kelly and Ethan, whose date, Mina, sat next to him.
Our table was loud with laughter. Adam and Ruby, both Zombies, were eating the wiener fingers, which were wrinkled with blood (ketchup) dripping from the ends. We took a few pictures of the zombies eating body parts. Ethan and Mina were hippies. They were both clad in loose, wide-sleeved shirts and bell bottoms. Ethan’s fake mustache and goatee were hilarious. They actually looked pretty cool.
Logan left me a few times to go talk to John and Tim from his old basketball team, but would come back when approached by a girl. He was literally frightened when he came back to sit next to me. I wondered if he was afraid I’d be jealous. I myself had worried about that, but the dance really helped my fear. I could see that he only had eyes for me.
Logan would only dance the slow songs, so whenever one came on, I dragged him to the dance floor. When the song, “Whisper” by Monsterball came on, I yanked his arm, forcing him to dance. It was the song he sang at The Pit, when I realized I loved him. It was becoming my most favorite slow song ever.
Logan wrapped his arms around my waist, his hands holding me tightly against him. We swayed slowly to the rhythm. His body was so close I could feel his heartbeat against mine. I couldn’t tell whose was whose. I felt his hot breath against my forehead, and I could feel his intense gaze. When I lifted my head to look up at him, his dark eyes were ablaze with yearning. My stomach tightened from the look in his eyes as he slowly bent down closer…until his lips brushed mine so softly, so tenderly, that a moan escaped my mouth. I was too far gone to notice, too drunk on Logan’s touch, his smell, and his warmth. My whole body was alive with feeling. We were suddenly alone in the gym. My hands moved along his arms and back up to his neck. I gently caressed his bare neck with the tip of my fingers, while our lips moved together. “Hey, is that Logan Tate making out with that Lisa chick?” a male voice said as they walked by us on the dance floor, where now, an old rock song was playing.
We jerked apart, both of us laughing. “Okay, that was embarrassing,” I said, holding his hand as we hurried back to the table. The rest of the group was gone, either dancing or outside.
Logan leaned in once we sat down, and whispered, “I love you.”
I smiled, twirling my finger around the hair that curled over his shirt collar.  “I love you too. I just wish I’d said it sooner.”
His face was inches from mine; I could smell the fruit flavor of the punch. “It doesn’t matter when you said it. I know you do. I just happen to be a very lovable guy.”
I laughed as I gave his shoulder a gentle swat.
My cell phone rang, making me jump. I reached into my tiny purse and pulled it out. “Hello,” I said loudly, over the music.
“Hello, Annie.” The voice was distorted, making it impossible to recognize.
My eyes widened, and I glared at Logan. His eye brow arched, asking a silent question.
“Who is this?” I gasped.
“You don’t recognize your best friend?” the strangled male voice said.
“Adam?”
“Who’s Adam?”
“Who are you?” I asked again.
“It’s Lewis.” My blood ran cold at the sound of the name. I knew Lewis was dead; we had checked.
I hit the end button and threw my phone onto the table, as if it burned my fingers.
“What’s wrong? Who was that?” Logan’s face was clouded with concern.
“I don’t know, the voice was raspy.” I stared at the phone, terrified that it would ring again. “He called me Annie…and then he said it was Lewis.”
His eyes widened. “Who the hell was it?” His voice turned sharp.
“I don’t know.”
He stood up. “Come on, we’re leaving.”
I took his hand, and he led me outside. We passed Kelly and the others, who were standing in the hall talking to a bunch of kids. None of their faces stood out to me; the call rattled me so much I felt like falling. Logan told them that we were leaving, and that I didn’t feel well. Adam agreed to take Kelly and Jeremy home, so I let Logan lead me out to his car.
“Where are we going?” I asked once he pulled out of the school parking lot.
“To my house. I want to call Lucas and Sarah; this sounds too much like what happened to them.”
I really didn’t want to deal with this tonight. I wanted to sweep it under the rug. We were having so much fun; I wanted to just be us. “Can’t we deal with this tomorrow? I’d rather forget it for now.”
“Lisa, this has been going on with you ignoring it for too long,” he said as he stopped at a red light. “What happens if this guy wants to hurt you? Sarah’s stalker tried to run her over with a car, and that was the least of his plans. What if this guy is just like him? We have to figure out what’s going on.”
“I know, and we’ll deal with it tomorrow, but not tonight.” I touched his cheek; his skin sent a jolt into my fingers. “We were having such a good time.”
He took a deep breath, and was thoughtful for a moment. “I know, but what if he tries to hurt you? We have no idea who this guy is, he could be a psycho.” He turned onto my street, apparently giving in.
“I promise we’ll deal with it tomorrow.”
“Fine, what do you want to do then?”
“Movie, cards, board game. I don’t care; I just want to be with you.”
He smiled. “Okay, movie, but it’s my turn to pick.”
So that’s what we did. I changed into yoga pants and a tank top while he changed into jeans and a long-sleeve T-shirt, from the change of clothes in his trunk.
He picked a comedy, to lighten the mood of the evening. We sat back against my red silk fluffy pillows and laughed. It helped take our minds off the phone call.

“No, Olivia, don’t go in there,” a voice said distantly, pulling me out of my deep sleep. It was my mom yelling at Livvy as she often did on the weekends. Livvy was a very early riser, and liked to yell before the sun came up. Thankfully, my mom kept her downstairs or in her room watching videos on days she couldn’t get out of bed. Livvy watched her show, while my mom rested beside her in bed.
This morning, though, she was extra loud. I covered my head with my pillow, trying to dull her high-pitched, shrill voice. “I want to see Wogan,” Livvy said in her pouty voice. The one she used when she wasn’t getting what she wanted, no matter how hard she tried. Wait, what did she mean, she wanted to see Logan? I opened one eye, not ready to awake fully. And there he was, sprawled on the bed beside me, his mouth wide open, a slight snore gurgling out of his mouth. Crap, we fell asleep watching movies. I hoped my mom wasn’t too angry. She didn’t give out a lot of rules, and was cool with the two times I had stayed at Logan’s. She was awesome with her trust in letting me go to Crescent Lake, but I didn’t think she’d be okay with him staying here, especially with Livvy right next door.
I sat up slowly, trying not to wake him. I cringed when I saw what time it was. Livvy was right on schedule, five a.m. Awesome. I tiptoed to the door and opened it, then went to my mom’s room where she was whispering loudly to my noisy sister. “Hey, Mom.”
She was lying in bed, trying to keep Livvy there with her. “I’m sorry, Lisa, once she saw his car outside, she went looking for him.”
“Mom, it’s okay. I’m sorry he’s still here. We must have fallen asleep. I never meant for him to stay.”
She lifted her head from her pillow, her blond hair sticking up on her head like a fin. “I know, Lisa, I trust you. Just don’t let it happen again. Okay?”
“I promise.”
“Go back to sleep, its still dark out. We both shouldn’t have to suffer.”
I snuck out of her room while Livvy was engrossed in a cartoon, and climbed back into bed. Logan, still fully dressed, lifted his arm in sleep and placed it over my waist, spooning me. His breathing was still heavy. I fell back to sleep with his strong arm draped over me.




Chapter Twenty Nine
Just the Two of Us

“I’ll kill him,” Logan growled as he read the last of the emails. He decided to wait to call his brother until I told him everything.
I started from the beginning, telling him again about the first few calls and emails leading up to our trip to Crescent Lake. From then on, he knew nothing. After our fight, I had kept it from him, not intentionally, but at the time I had a lot on my mind. Figuring out what I had done to him for so long put this caller to the back of my mind.
“He hasn’t threatened me.”
“Yet.” His jaw and hands were clenched, as they had been since I started my story. We were sitting at the kitchen table, both of us hovering over my laptop. My mom had taken Livvy to my dad’s. They were both staying for dinner. We had been invited, but I declined, having promised Logan we’d deal with this, whatever it was. “So, is that it? You’ve told me everything?”
I shook my head and relayed the dreams of George. How his suicide had hurt Jane so much, and how I suspected she jumped.
He sat up in his chair, folding one leg over the other, his brow creased. “But she couldn’t have.”
“How do you know?”
“Remember what you read on the Internet. You said she died after Thomas, years later.”
That was true. So she didn’t jump. For some reason, I hadn’t even registered that when I read it. Knowing she didn’t fall or jump out the window made me feel better. I wanted her to marry Thomas, because I knew they were meant for each other. I wasn’t so sure Logan and I were there yet, and wouldn’t be until he knew the truth about everything I had done to him. If he could find it in his heart to forgive me, then maybe I’d believe it, but not until then. And I planned to tell him, someday.
“So do you think this guy is George and Lewis, reincarnated?” he asked after I finished my tale.
“Maybe. That’s what he said his name was, but come on, it’s all so crazy. The thought of you and I having past lives is too unbelievable, even with the proof I found on the Internet, but this, someone from our other lives also coming back? I can’t believe it.”
He watched me with a dazed look of concentration on his face. Suddenly he shook his head, picked up his phone, and dialed. “Hey, Luke, what are you up to?” he asked even though I knew he was just being polite. He listened for a few seconds, shaking his leg anxiously. “That’s cool. Listen, can I talk to you and Sarah, can she get on the other line… Good, okay, I’ll put you on speaker.” He hit a button and placed his cell on the table. “Okay, guys, go ahead.”
“What’s up?” Sarah asked.
“Lisa got a call last night at the Halloween dance. The guy called her Annie, and said his name was Lewis.”
There were matching sighs from the other end. “Let me guess, it’s a name from your dreams,” Sarah said, the tone in her voice strained.
“Mine yes. Logan has dreamed of him but didn’t know his name.”
“Who is he in your dreams?” Lucas spoke up.
“Her best friend. In one dream, at an engagement party for Ben and Annie, she overheard Lewis tell Ben that he loved Annie.”
“Have you looked into their past?” Lucas again.
Logan laid his hand over mine and answered. “Yes, Lewis died, but that’s all it said.”
“Lisa, have you dreamed of him before? Was he aggressive at all?”
“Only the once, overhearing him and Ben. But I’ve dreamed him in a past life named George. Jane talked to him once just before he jumped out a window and killed himself.”
I heard twin gasps. “That’s different. Anything else?” Lucas asked.
“I’ve had a series of dreams of a shadowed man. I’m either chasing him, or he’s chasing me, I’m not sure. But I’m always running.”
“Are you afraid in these dreams?” Sarah asked.
“I don’t know, there’s just a feeling of anxiety. Something is troubling me, but I don’t know what.”
“In any of the emails or calls is he threatening at all? To you or Logan?”
“No, mostly he says I’m watching you, or says things that make me believe he’s seen me.”
“What should we do?” Logan asked, squeezing my hand.
“I don’t think there’s anything you can do. It doesn’t seem like he wants to hurt her. You should just keep track of everything he writes or says. If he starts to get aggressive, call the police. But if he never harmed any of your past lives, he probably won’t in this one.” Sarah said the words as if she were disappointed that there wasn’t more she could do to help.
“That’s it?” Logan spit out.
“I’m sorry, Logan. But I can’t think of anything else. Just wait and see.”
Logan’s face was hard as he said, “Yeah, thanks,” and hung up.
“Logan, it’s not their fault. What do you want them to do?” I reached up and touched his cheek. I needed to comfort him. I understood his frustration in his inability to protect me. How can you defend someone when you don’t know how, or if they’re truly in danger?
“They should have been more help. They’ve been through this before.”
“It doesn’t sound the same.” I stood up and leaned down to kiss his cheek. “Don’t worry, we’ll figure it out. Besides, they’re right, he isn’t aggressive.”
He sighed heavily. “Yet.”
“Come on, we’re going to be late for work.” I took his hand to lead him to my room, where I grabbed my stuff before heading off to the restaurant.

If someone had told me a year ago that Logan and I would be together, let alone extremely happy, I would have laughed in their face. The dance somehow brought us closer, if that was even possible. In the weeks following, we spent every moment we could together and when alone, we could barely keep our hands to ourselves.
We did as Lucas and Sarah said, keeping track of the emails and phone calls, which seemed to be getting worse. The night of the dance I received an email from him, which was signed “Lewis.” He wanted to know why I hung up on him. The emails and calls afterward were similar until the last one. He asked if I would leave Ben. He wanted me to give him a chance, and in every message he called me Annie.
Two weeks after the dance, my mom was going away for a spa weekend with her friends. Olivia was going to my dad’s, leaving me home alone.
“Okay, what is the number one rule?” my mom asked as she stood in the open door with her suitcase in hand. The recent cold weather blew in. I shivered a little, hoping her lecture wouldn’t last long. She was warm enough, wearing her new black leather winter coat, but since I was inside, wearing only a light cotton tee, I desperately wanted to shut the door. But if I did that, it might prolong her goodbye. Her friends were in the driveway, waiting patiently.
I rolled my eyes. “No parties,” I said dryly.
“And?”
“And if I insist on Logan staying, don’t do anything you wouldn’t.” I folded my arms in front of me. To her, I might look defiant, but really, I needed the warmth. The door still remained open, and looking out at the front yard, I thought I saw a snowflake. How long would this goodbye take?
“I mean it, Lisa. Don’t do something you may regret later. I’m trusting you. Don’t disappoint me.” Her face held her serious scary mom expression, the one that no longer frightened me.
“Mom, go, or they’ll leave without you.” A horn honked three times followed by laughter.
“Fine, I’m leaving. I love you.” After a quick kiss on my cheek, she was out the door. I shut it behind her, basking in the fire glowing in the fireplace now that the warmth of it wasn’t escaping outside. I leaned against the door and sighed. I really didn’t want to disappoint her, but Logan was coming over after his shift, and he was spending the weekend.
I glanced at the clock and smiled. He’d be here any minute, and I couldn’t wait. It was getting difficult to be away from him. I felt a loneliness I’d never felt before as soon as he walked away from me. And I knew he felt the same way. At night he called before he went to bed just to hear my voice.

“I hope you’re hungry,” my sexy boyfriend said when I opened the door for him about an hour later. His hands were filled with bags—take-home bags from the restaurant, and a couple of plastic grocery bags. He dropped the packages on the coffee table and turned to me. “Can you get me a blanket?”
“Why?”
He narrowed his eyes. “Just get it.”
“Fine, bossy pants.” When I turned around to head upstairs, he smacked me in the butt. “Ow,” I gasped, rushing to the steps.
I heard his soft chuckle as I reached the second level.
The hall closet was filled with bath towels and wash cloths, but when I needed an extra blanket, I couldn’t find one. The scent of mom’s favorite fabric softener filled my senses as I dug through extra sheets, pillow cases, and tablecloths. The only blankets I could find were Livvy’s, and they were all too small. Just as I was about to give up and get the one from my bed, I saw the corner of an old blue quilt I hadn’t seen in a long time. I yanked it out from under my mom’s ratty old leather suitcase, and pulled. The blanket fell to the floor; I smiled at the sight of it. My mom had made it when she was pregnant with Olivia, and very bored. The patchwork quilt was made from my dad’s old T-shirt collection. She was in her nesting stage, and wanted to throw them out to make room for the baby. Of course he wanted to keep them. This was their compromise.
Back downstairs, I saw dishes and lit candles piled on the coffee table, the fire roaring in the hearth. The smell of wood burning, when it was so cold outside, created a very cozy atmosphere.
He came out of the kitchen holding wine glasses filled with what looked like clear soda. He sat them down on an end table and took the blanket from me. Then he told me to go into the kitchen until he called me in.
I obeyed him, and sat down at the kitchen table, glancing at the latest picture Livvy had drawn for my mom. It was placed in the center of the stainless steel refrigerator. My phone buzzed with a text from Adam, asking me to go to the movies with him and Ethan. Kelly was out with Jeremy.
I replied back saying no thanks, I had plans, without telling him what they were.
“Okay, come on in,” Logan yelled from the other side of the wall.
I grinned when I saw him; he was leaning against the sofa, with his legs spread out on the blanket. The fire crackled beside him. The plates were piled high with chicken and pasta. Candles were placed on the tables and fireplace mantle. I sat down across from him, leaning in for a kiss. “Thank you, you’re so sweet.”
He grinned. “I know.”
I laughed, lifting up my glass to take a drink.”
Halfway through the meal, Logan spoke. “New York.”
Even though we were just talking about Sarah and Lucas coming home for Thanksgiving before he blurted those words, I knew what he meant. “Chicago.”
“Why?”
“Because they have the food service management program I want, and they also have a culinary program for you.”
“But…New York has Lucas and Sarah. I thought you missed them.”
“I do, and we can visit, but I’ve wanted to go this school for years.”
His face grew serious for a few seconds. “Okay,” he said, lifting his wineglass to his lips.
“That’s it. No arguments?” I tapped my fork on my knee as I watched him.
“No.”
“Why?”
“Because I love you, and I’d follow you anywhere.” His crooked grin made my heart flutter.
“Thank you.”
“So can you get me some applications from school?”
“Of course,” I said. “So, what are we doing tonight, going out or staying in?”
His eyes widened. “Are you kidding me? I finally have you all to myself.” He leaned back against the coffee table. “We’re staying in.”
“Movie?” I asked.
He nodded. “And it’s my turn.” He pointed to a stack of three movies sitting on the edge of the table.
I leaned over and picked them up. “Space Life?” This was a series from the eighties about people living on different planets. It was such a hit for nerds. They made three of them.
“Yes, you told me that you’ve never seen them, I plan to change that. Tonight is the first three episodes.”
“What do you mean?”
“They made six movies; we’ll watch the next three tomorrow night.”
Ugh…six freaking movies about space ships and aliens? Just kill me now. “Three movies in one night?”
He laughed, taking the last sip of his drink. “That’s right, let’s clean up so we can start.”
I groaned. There was a reason I had never seen these movies, they looked dumb to me, and now I was in for a full night of it.
We carried everything into the kitchen, and then as instructed I went up to get another blanket and pillows, so we could watch from the floor on the blanket he laid out.
Once we were snuggled under the covers from my bed, and leaning on a pile of pillows, he started the movie. And man, it was a long night.

“So what did you think?” a muffled faraway voice asked. Warm hands touched my shoulders and shook gently. “Are you asleep?”
I opened my eyes to see Logan hovering above me with a half grin on his face. “What?” I asked groggily, stretching my sleeping muscles.
“You fell asleep, watching my movie.” His smile was playful as he gazed down at me.
“I didn’t fall asleep.”
“No?”
I shook my head.
“Then how did it end?”
“Everyone lived happily ever after.”
His eyes narrowed.
“Okay? Everyone died?”
He hung his head in defeat, and then looked up at me. “No.” A grin spread across his face, lighting up his eyes. “You know what this means, don’t you?”
I was a little wary at his question. “What?”
“I’ve never fallen asleep watching your movies, so now, you must be punished.” He leaned over with a wicked glint in his eyes.
“Wait.” I held my hand up. “It was three movies. And it’s one thirty in the morning. What do you expect?”
“I’m sorry, the new rules are simple. If you fall asleep watching the other person’s movie, you must be punished.”
“Wow, you’re strict,” I said with disbelief. “What’s the punishment?”
His grin grew. “This.” He started to tickle me. His fingers dug into my sides, taking my breath away. I tried to push him off, but he was too strong. Man I hated being tickled. “Stop it,” I gasped, unable to get the words out through my laughter. Finally, I had enough and decided to fight back. Since he wouldn’t stop, I had to take matters into my own hands. He was hovering above me, so I bent my knee back and kicked him in the shoulder.
He froze, staring at me with utter shock. He was still for a few seconds, his face expressionless…and then he pounced. His mouth went to my neck and nuzzled another spot that tickled. I laughed, gasping for air, pounding his back with my fists. But soon his nuzzles turned to kissing. I sucked in a breath at how fast his mood changed from play fighting to something else. His kisses turned heated, and when he scraped his teeth on my collarbone, I moaned, setting something off in both of us. Our bodies buzzed with electricity when our skin touched. His lips were on mine, moving with an intensity that shocked me. And then…it was happening, almost as if we had no control over our movements, kisses, or touch. We were one, as we were destined to be.
Afterward, I lay in his arms, speechless. I didn’t regret our actions; I was just surprised by them. We didn’t plan this, and hadn’t really even talked about it. It was just suddenly happening.
“Are you okay? Did I hurt you?” he asked, breathing heavily.
“I’m fine,” I said softly, unable to voice what I was feeling.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean for that to happen,” he started.
I put my finger on his lips to silence him. “I don’t regret it. I feel even closer to you, if that’s possible. It’s just that since we never discussed it, I’m a little shocked, now that I can think straight.” I paused, running my finger over his lips. “But it felt right, don’t you think? Like it was meant to happen?”
He lifted his hand and ran his fingers through my hair. “It was destined. I love you. And tonight, you left me breathless.”
My heart throbbed with emotion. His words made me melt, turning my insides to mush. I snuggled up against him as he stroked my hair gently.  I fell asleep in his arms. 
.



Chapter Thirty
Betrayed

The sound of a car door slam pulled me out of the sweetest dream. I was lost in Logan’s tight embrace. The dream was so real, I could even feel the touch of his warm hand on my bare shoulder. Footsteps on the porch pulled me further out of the fog.
I opened my eyes to see Logan lying next to me, sleeping. Not a dream.
And someone was outside.
“Logan,” I whispered as a knock sounded on the door.
His eyes opened and he smiled, leaning in for a kiss.
“There’s someone here,” I whispered louder.
He looked dazed, not comprehending my words. Another knock on the door woke him. His eyes widened as he saw my bare shoulder. “Get dressed,” he hissed, tossing me my shirt and jeans.
“Lisa!” Ethan yelled from the porch.
Oh shit, I really did not need Ethan to see this. Even though it was none of his business, he’d been worried ever since I opened up to him about what was happening.
I fumbled with my shirt, but managed to get it over my head. Logan was just doing up his jeans as Ethan opened the door. Adam must have shown him where I kept the spare key. His expressionless face turned to shock when he froze at the sight before him. His gaze went from the blankets, to me in only a shirt, then to Logan doing up his pants. The shock soon shifted to anger. “You were with him? How could you, after everything you told me? After everything he did to you.”
My chest tightened. “Ethan, get out, we’ll talk about this later.”
Logan turned to me with a confused expression on his face. “What does he mean, after what I did to you?”
I swallowed hard. I really didn’t want to have this conversation, and especially like this.
Ethan glared at Logan. “What, she didn’t tell you? I thought you two were so close, you shared everything.” He chuckled softly; something about the sound made me think I had hurt him in some way. “About the party. After you told her some sappy shit about your dreams and made out with her. It only took…like a minute for you to jump on Sasha Martin.”
Logan was gazing at me, but after Ethan’s last words, his head whipped around to face him. “What do you mean?”
“That. Night. Was. Not. A. Dream.” He spread each word out like Logan was too stupid to comprehend.
“Ethan, shut up!” I yelled, tugging my jeans on.
Logan glared at me, giving me a warning to let him talk. “Go on,” he said to Ethan.
“After she found Sasha on top of you, she stormed out and ran home. And then she plotted her revenge.”
“Ethan!” I yelled again, cutting him off.
“Let him finish.” Logan’s voice was cold, and void of emotion.
“Like I said, she was hurt at what she thought you did. So she wanted revenge and a week later, she found a way to carry it out.” He told him everything, how I found kids throughout the school that needed money, or just didn’t like Logan, and from then on they were my spies. He told him how I paid ten bucks for each juicy detail, and how I would report everything to his mother.
I could only stare and watch Logan’s face, which was surprisingly calm. But when he got to the part when Logan graduated, and he said I started to date Logan to make him fall for me, with the plan to dump him, I couldn’t stand back any longer. “That’s not true,” I shouted.
Ethan stopped talking, and I waited for Logan to ask me what I meant, but he said nothing. If the scowl on his face didn’t tell me that he was angry, the vein popping out on the side of his head sure did. He simply stood in place, silently staring at Ethan, like he was a bug he wanted to squish, and then he turned to me. He looked so different with his facial features hard and cold, and for a brief, moment I was terrified of him.
It felt like hours went by without a single word. Just as I thought he was going to say something, anything, he spun around and stormed out, grabbing his shirt from the arm of the couch before slamming the door behind him.
I was frozen in shock; I heard the tick of the clock, Ethan’s feet shuffling, and an intake of breath as he opened his mouth to speak. I gave him a look that silenced him. I waited for Logan to return, and when he didn’t, I ran after him.
He was in front of his car when I stepped off the front step. “Logan, wait!” I screamed. I didn’t mean to yell quite so loud, but the desperate need to explain filled me, choking me from the inside.
I ran after him, but he held up his hand to stop me about four feet in front of him; apparently I was close enough. I froze, waiting for him to speak, but he didn’t, not at first. He stared down at the asphalt, holding the driver’s side door open. “Tell me he’s lying.” His voice was just above a whisper. I inched closer to hear better, and just to be closer to him, but stopped again when he gave me a warning glance. He stared at me with fire in his eyes. “Tell me that you didn’t try to ruin me”—he blinked slowly—“for two years,” he yelled. That vein now throbbed on the side of his neck.
When I opened my mouth to speak, he lifted a finger to silence me. His voice lost all the anger, and now was soft and filled with misery as he said, “Tell me…that the girl I love, who means everything to me, and have loved since I first saw her, is not my mother’s source.” I knew that was what Karen had called me. I overheard her giving him shit one day for skipping school, and when he asked how she found out. She told him, “I have my sources.” It was a vague answer, and I knew she would never tell him the truth. Even when we started to date, I knew I could trust her, but my own friend, who had become my nightly confidant, had betrayed me like this.
When I remained silent, he nodded and climbed inside his open door. 
“Please let me explain,” I said softly.
He didn’t look at me, just stared down at the steering wheel, the door still ajar. “There’s nothing to explain.” He slammed the door shut, turned the ignition, and took off, his tires squealing as he drove away. I wanted to cry, to sob, but there was one more thing I had to do before I could let myself go.
I stormed inside to throw Ethan out. He started to protest, “I’m sorry, okay? You said you’d talk to me last night, and when I didn’t hear from you I was worried.” He paused, swallowing loudly. “When I saw you two this morning, after everything you’ve told me, I freaked. I hate that you keep letting him hurt you.” He was about to say more, but I really didn’t want to hear it. “GET OUT!!!” I yelled so loud my throat hurt. He looked shocked at my outburst, but walked out the door with his head down, disappearing outside.
I ran upstairs to the safety of my bedroom and locked myself in. And then, only then, did I give in to the tears.

I made my way back downstairs hours later, to get a bottle of water. My throat was dry and sore from the constant sobbing. The deserted empty blankets lay on the living room floor, mocking me. The image of our night together haunted my thoughts. How could our beautiful evening turn into such a horrible morning? It wasn’t fair; we were so happy. I planned on telling him the truth eventually, but the timing was always wrong. After last night, I was sure he’d forgive me.
I just needed to explain. Now that he had time to cool down, maybe he’d listen to what I had to say. With the decision made, I got my water and headed upstairs to shower and change. I needed to look good for him.
I pulled up to the Tate house an hour later. Logan was shooting hoops into the net above the garage door. His silver car was the only one pulled in front of the house, so I knew we’d have privacy. I got out and walked over to him. 
He must have heard me approach, but he never turned my way or stopped shooting the ball into the net. Sweat dripped from his forehead, and his face was red, telling me that he’d been at it for a while. I waited for him to acknowledge me, and when after at least five minutes, he still didn’t, I gave up. “Logan,” I said softly.
Swish. He threw the ball in the net, completely ignoring me.
“Logan, please listen to me.”
Thump thump thump. He dribbled the ball onto the pavement, then threw it again, and this time it bounced off the rim. He lunged for it, and when he caught it, he tried again. It went in.
“Logan!” I yelled. Still nothing. “Fine, give me the silent treatment, but I know you can hear me. I need to explain.” I took a deep breath and began, whether he was listening or not. “As you know, I’ve been dreaming of you since the first time I saw you in the ninth grade. But what you don’t know is that I’ve had a major crush on you ever since then.” I paused. “Imagine a fifteen-year-old girl, dreaming of the hottest guy in school. My nights were filled with you and by day, you were this popular basketball player that every girl fantasized about. You were like a movie star to me. My heart would swell just being in the same hall with you, and you never noticed me. And that was okay, I didn’t expect you to. But it didn’t change how I felt. I loved you, and since you’ve never been a girl with a crush, you don’t know how powerful it can feel.”
Logan paused, holding the ball in the air about to take a shot. I was getting to him. I needed to make him see. I leaned on my car and continued. “That night at the party, I was watching you, feeling that I never had any kind of chance to even speak to you. And I was fine with that, as long as I could be near you. I know it sounds creepy, but there you go.” He still held the ball in his hands. His feet shuffled, and I thought he was actually going to speak. Instead, he lifted the ball, hesitated, and then made the shot.
I sighed heavily, and went on. “Imagine how I must have felt when you finally noticed me. Saying the sweetest and most romantic words a girl could ever hear. All those things you said, about my eyes, my lips, and how they haunt you in your dreams. I was so happy, I felt like I was floating.”
His lip twitched, and his body turned slightly, as if it was a struggle not to look at me. I was getting to him. “Upstairs in that room was like a dream come true. And it was also my first kiss. I knew back then that it was right. Even though I had no idea what the dreams really meant, I could feel how powerful our kisses were. The spark I felt when you touched me made the night even more intense. It was more than a fifteen-year-old-girl ever expected, ever imagined. So, can’t you see how devastated I was when I saw you kissing Sasha Martin?”
His head spun to face me. His eyes were filled with anger and pain. “I thought she was you.” His tone was sharp.
“I didn’t know that then. All I knew was one moment you were talking about dreaming of me and the next you were kissing someone else. So I thought the whole thing was some kind of joke you and Sasha were playing on me. I thought that somehow, you knew I’d dreamed of you, and that’s why you made up the stuff you said.”
“I would never do that.”
“I know that now, but if you could see it from my point of view, what else could it have been? And I certainly wasn’t going to ask.”
Throwing the ball onto the pavement, he ignored it as it rolled against the garage door; he walked over and leaned against the porch railing. “I understand why you were upset that night, but why did you keep it up all that time? I didn’t do anything else to you.”
“That was enough, believe me. Besides, after that you seemed to get worse, picking on kids, dating different girls every week, just confirming what a jerk you were.”
He looked away, his jaw tight. “You don’t know what I was going through.”
“Then tell me,” I asked, reaching out to touch him. He pulled away, taking a few steps to the side. Just last night he craved my touch, now I repulsed him.
At first I didn’t think he was going to answer. I was about to ask him again, but he sighed heavily, then he spoke. “I felt the way you did, this dream girl haunting me while I slept. At first I thought it was cool, dreaming of some beautiful girl I didn’t know. Eventually, I became attached to her, excited when I would dream of her again; she was mine and I knew it. But for me, it had been years of her in my head, so when I saw you that night, I was ecstatic. You were my dream come true.”
He ran his hand down his face. “But when I woke up and saw Sasha, I was so angry. I told you that I yelled at her, but that wasn’t where my anger ended. I was mad at myself and at the world. It wasn’t fair. Why would I finally find her, and have the best night of my life, for it to be just a dream? I wanted to yell at someone, anyone. But instead I took it out on others. Like you said, I started making fun of kids. Since I was unhappy, I wanted everyone else to be. And the girls, I was hoping that each one of them would make me feel something, and I dumped them when they couldn’t.”
Holy crap, now I felt guiltier. I made him the jerk he became because I didn’t come back. Although I knew it wasn’t really my fault, I couldn’t help but feel blame. After his confession, I couldn’t think of a thing to say. Instead, I stood awkwardly, staring down at the black cracked asphalt.
“Who were your spies?” he asked suddenly.
I didn’t want to talk about this. I shook my head.
“Tell me,” he said, his voice hard.
I sighed. “Julie Wentworth, Reagan Mills, Adam, Kelly, Ethan, and Austin.”
“Austin Turner, Kelly’s brother?” When I nodded he swore. “I’m going to kick his ass. He was my friend, and he spied on me. What the hell?”
“I’m really sorry, but he said he was getting sick of the way you treated people.”
His face calmed slightly. “Whatever,” he mumbled. “I’m done talking.” He bent down to pick up the basketball.
“Logan, wait.” At the sound of my voice, he turned to face me with his eyes cold and distant. “What can I do to get you to forgive me?”
He laughed darkly. “Nothing. You had people spy on me so you could run to my mommy and get me in trouble. For years.” He yelled the last two words.
I flinched, closing my eyes, no words to defend myself.
“My mom obviously knew what was happening. Who else knew?” he asked, as if asking about the weather.
“Does it matter?”
“Who?” he yelled, his face taking on a rage I had never seen before.
“Lucas. Sarah found out after they started dating.”
He closed his eyes; a vein throbbed above his eyebrow and then he cursed, whipping the ball. It slammed into the wall with a loud smack. “Why did you really ignore me for a week?” he asked after a few calming breaths.
“Because when you told me what really happened that night, I felt guilty for trying to hurt you for no reason.”
“What changed your mind?”
“Sarah. I told her everything, and that’s when she figured out about our dreams.”
He bent down to retrieve the ball, and threw it into the net with a swish.
“Can you forgive me?” I asked again, holding my breath in anticipation. I couldn’t lose him after everything we went through to be together.
After five more shots, he turned to face me. “You mean so much to me. And last night was the best night of my entire life. You’re the one for me, I know that, and to be with you that way was amazing.” I felt hope for the first time since he stormed out of my house. “But now, when I think of what was happening behind my back—that the girl I love was plotting against me—I feel betrayed. And I can’t even look at you right now.” With that, he threw the ball, and it bounced along the driveway before landing onto the grass. Then he walked into his house.
A throbbing ache formed in my chest. Feeling utterly rejected, I fought the tears until I was inside my car. Then they came, full force.
I was supposed to work at one o’clock, but I was not in any shape to be in public. My eyes were red and puffy. And every time I thought of Logan my chest ached, and my eyes stung, threatening to cry again, if that was even possible. I couldn’t imagine I had any tears left. Instead, I called in sick, not able to bear seeing Logan.
For the rest of the night, I slept. It was the only way to turn my mind off. My thoughts kept shifting from our wonderful night together, to the last words he said to me: “I can’t even look at you.” The welcoming oblivion that sleep brought cured the ache and desperate loneliness that consumed me.





Chapter Thirty one
Stubborn, But Not Stupid

The next day, I woke to an empty house, confirming the utter emptiness that now consumed me.
I tried to fall back into blissful slumber, but I was wide awake, and no matter how many sheep I counted, sleep would not take me.
Although I was scheduled to work today at ten, I hadn’t decided if I was going to go. My tears had finally dried up, and with no other excuse other than avoiding Logan, I went to the bathroom to shower.
Once I was ready, I looked at myself in the mirror. On the outside, I appeared normal, still the blond-haired, blue-eyed girl I always was. But inside, I was forever altered. I now knew what it was like to be happy beyond belief. And now that it was gone, I felt a loss so strong, it left a mark. Like a missing limb.
Of course, in spite of how I felt on the inside, I struggled to stay strong. No, I wasn’t with the person I loved any longer, but I would walk into that restaurant and hold my head high. If I was ever going to get him back, he needed to see how tough I could be. With a false sense of courage, I strutted out to the car he restored for me, and went to work.
The restaurant parking lot was filled with vehicles whose owners were inside enjoying leisurely Sunday brunches. I parked as far from Logan’s car as possible, giving him the space he wanted. The words “I can’t even look at you” whispered in my mind as I opened the back door to the restaurant.
It opened into the oversized kitchen. The scent of melted butter, pancakes, and bacon assaulted me, along with the feeling of his presence. He was there, chopping potatoes beside Jack, Nick’s sous chef. Logan froze, his knife hovering over a peeled potato, and I knew he sensed my entrance. I walked by and smiled to the people in my path, ignoring him completely. By the time I made it through the kitchen doors, I sighed with relief. And then, taking a deep breath and chanting “I can do this” in my head, I stalked to the breakroom to change.
“What’s going on?” Karen asked, appearing beside me as I picked up my notepad and looked on the schedule to find my section.
I turned to her with a slight smile; it was all I could manage. “What do you mean?”
“Logan’s in a foul mood, and won’t speak to me. He’ll talk to Nick, and growls at me, any chance he gets. And he refused to talk to Lucas last night when he called.”
I let out a breath. “He knows. My ex-friend Ethan told him.” I shuddered, tears threatening. “He broke up with me, and asked who else knew. I had to tell him the truth. I’m so sorry.”
She waved my apologies away. “Don’t worry about it. I can handle my son.” She winked, and then her face softened. “Are you okay?”
I shook my head no, but answered, “Yes,” so faintly I wasn’t sure she heard me. When she smiled sympathetically and rubbed my elbow, I felt slightly better.
“Don’t worry; my sons are stubborn, but not stupid. He’ll come around. He loves you, I know it.” She gave me a reassuring arm squeeze and then walked away, pushing through the kitchen door. The sound of loud voices and banging pots drifted out into the dining room, then fell silent when the door closed tightly, leaving only the soft voices of the customers and the tinkling of silverware.
A glimmer of hope sparked inside me, but I knew I couldn’t expect too much. She hadn’t heard his last words to me.
My shift went by very slowly, and each time I saw Logan, he refused to look my way, shattering my hope for forgiveness.
At six o’clock, I quickly changed and rushed to my car, needing to get home away from others. Only then could I finally let the tears go that had been threatening since I first saw Logan in the kitchen. His shift was over at four, but I never saw him leave. The first time in months he’d left without a word to me. The final straw was when I looked at the schedule that Karen had put up in the afternoon for the following week. Logan had made sure we didn’t have any shifts together. He worked straight days, and had the weekend off, which meant I wouldn’t see him at all. So by the time I made it to the comfort of my room I was sobbing again. I had never cried so much in all my life.
Kelly came by, after receiving my depressing text that said I was alone now and always would be. She made me play poker to take my mind off of my problems. Of course, that was her answer to everything. She even let me win. Wasn’t she sweet?

A week went by without seeing him, and things seemed different, duller somehow. Nothing interested me. I stayed at home and played with Olivia, or watched movies in my room. I worked Tuesday and Thursday after school, and without him there, the hours seemed to take years.
Kelly was getting frustrated with me. She said that sitting with me at lunch was like eating next to a zombie, and since I had banished Ethan from our table, Adam went with him as a sign of support. He said Ethan shouldn’t have done what he did, but he understood the reason. So with no one other than me to talk to, Kelly was getting bored.
The Monday morning before Thanksgiving, I woke up to the sound of my phone ringing. Since we were off for the week, I didn’t see the need to get out of bed, and I wondered who was calling at eight a.m. “What?” I growled into the phone.
“Lisa! What is going on? You can’t hold onto Logan for three months while I’m away at school?” Sarah said in a voice that was way too loud.
I groaned. “What do you want, Sarah?”
“Duh…I just told you. What happened?”
She was really beginning to bug me. Couldn’t she understand that I might not want to discuss this? “Ask Logan.”
“We did, and for once, he won’t open his damn mouth.”
“Karen knows.” Why was it so hard for me to say the words? It’s not like no one knew. Thanks to Ethan, my life was now an open book.
“She does? Why didn’t she tell us?’
“No idea. But it’s not hard to figure out. What was the one thing that would break us up?”
She gasped. “He found out?”
“Yep,” I said dryly, switching the phone to my other ear so I could turn around and face the wall.
“I’m so sorry. I’ll work on him all week while we’re here. Apparently he listens to me; at least he did once.” Yeah, but that was a year ago.
My throat burned with the threat of tears. “Thanks, Sarah.”
“Hey, we’re the Tate twins’ soul mates, we have to stick together.” I wasn’t so sure about that anymore.

When I didn’t hear from Logan or Sarah by Wednesday, I figured he was ignoring her like he was me and his mother. No one could get him to forgive me; maybe it was time to just accept that.
“Weesa, help me,” Olivia whined as she tried to fit an elephant into a giraffe-shaped hole in her wooden puzzle. My mom was at work, and Olivia’s regular daycare provider was sick for the day. Since I had no plans, I said I’d watch her.
I scooted over on the couch until I hovered above her. “What is this, Livvy?” I asked, holding up the brightly colored elephant piece.
“An elephant.”
Now I pointed to the shape in the wooden board. “And what is this?”
“A giraffe.”
“Do they match?”
She shook her head, her blond curls bouncing on her shoulder. “No,” she said, smiling.
“Where does it go?”
Her forehead creased in concentration as she focused on the empty shapes. Her little finger moved from the elephant to the lion. She looked up at me and smiled, then tapped the elephant shape.
“Yes. Now put it in.”
As she pushed the puzzle piece into the proper spot, a car drove into the driveway. I pulled the curtain back to see Lucas and Sarah getting out of his black sports car.
I opened the door for them. “What are you guys doing here?” They entered, looking slightly chilled. It was freezing outside. Sarah unbuttoned her thick navy blue winter coat and held it up with a question in her eyes. I pointed to a hook behind the door. They hung up their coats and sat down on the couch.
“We came to see you. Is this your sister?” she asked, smiling at Livvy. Her dark brown eyes twinkled as she leaned down to my sister’s level.
Olivia glanced absently at them and then smiled. “Wogan,” she yelled, running to Lucas, wrapping her little arms around his legs.
I tried to ignore the tug in my heart at her mistake. “No, Livvy, this is Lucas. Logan’s brother. They’re twins.”
Her face was confused briefly. “No, he’s Wogan.” Her curls bounced again as she shook her head defiantly.
Lucas smiled at her as he leaned down. “Do you have a sister?”
She let go of his legs with a giggle, giving him a look that said “well, isn’t it obvious?” “Weesa, silly.”
“Well, I have a brother, and his name is Logan. He looks just like me because he’s my twin.” He paused as she processed this information. “Do you know what that means?”
All three of us watched her for her reaction. She took a deep breath and said, “Make me a fairy Wogan.”
I sighed, shaking my head at her. “Livvy, go sit on your princess chair and watch TV.”
She nodded, and stumbled into her chair.
“So what do you guys want?”
“We’re going over to hang out at Lucas’ and thought you’d like to join us,” Sarah said casually. Like I didn’t know she was trying to get me in the same room with her boyfriend’s brother. And honestly I wanted to hug her for it. I hadn’t seen him in over a week and I desperately missed his hazel gold-specked eyes and cocky grin.
“I wish I could, but I have Livvy today, and my mom doesn’t get home for a few hours.”
Sarah and Lucas gazed at one another as if they were speaking telepathically. “Bring her, she’ll have fun.” Lucas didn’t know what he was in for, but since I really wanted to go, I wasn’t going to tell him how difficult Livvy could be at times.

Twenty minutes later, we pulled into the Tates’ driveway behind Logan’s silver car. I unhooked Livvy out of the car seat and placed her on the lawn. Her little pink boots made a squishing sound as she ran on the hard frosted grass. “Wogan, wait for me,” she called to Lucas, who was strolling to the front door.
I grabbed her bag, watching as she took his hand and together headed to the front door. He grinned down at her and asked if she wanted to play pool or hit a heavy bag. I smiled to myself; it was obvious that he wasn’t around kids very much.
I was about to follow them inside when the side door to the garage opened. Logan sauntered out holding a duffel bag in his hand. He tossed it over his shoulder and then froze as his eyes met mine. His eyes glowed with happiness at the sight of me, but then recovered quickly, his expression turning cold. “What are you doing here?”
Sarah did a double take, spinning around just as she was about to enter the foyer. “She’s with us. You got a problem with that?” She was angry with him; they must have been arguing the last few days. I hadn’t heard her ever speak to him this way. It made me happy that she was on my side, but I also felt a twinge of guilt. I didn’t want to cause problems.
His face was void of emotion. “Nope, no problem at all. I was just leaving.” When he noticed Lucas’ car, he cursed. “Lucas, move your car,” he yelled.
Lucas came out of the house holding Olivia’s hand. Logan smiled when he saw her, and turned to me with a scowl.
Livvy froze at the sight of Logan. Her head tilted slightly, and then she looked back at Lucas. Her little eyebrows creased with confusion. “Two Wogans?” she muttered before she ran into Logan’s arms.
“Hey, Livvy, I missed you.” He picked her up and hugged her tightly; I could see the emotion in his face. He really did miss her.
“Me too. Can you make me a fairy?” She pointed to Lucas. “That Wogan didn’t know how.”
“Sure. Here goes.” He lifted her up and spun her above his head as she squealed with delight. Lucas and Sarah stood beside me watching.
“Wow, who is this guy?” Lucas asked with disbelief.
“He’s so good with her,” Sarah said with the same tone of voice.
“Logan is different than anyone knew,” I said. Both of them gave me questioning glances. “I found some things out about him. He’s not the bad guy he pretended to be.” They both nodded in confirmation, as if they had suspected it all along.
Livvy’s ride was over, and Logan put her down on the grass. “Lisa, can I talk to you alone?”
Lucas and Sarah took Livvy into the house. Sarah gave me a wicked smile just before the door shut.
As soon as we were alone, he spun to face me. “Why did you bring her here? To make me feel guilty?”
“Of course not. Sarah and Lucas came by and asked if I wanted to hang out. I said yes because I haven’t seen them in a while.” He raised an eyebrow. “And I wanted to see you too. But I had to bring her with me; I’m babysitting today while my mom’s at work.”
His features calmed a bit. “Oh, well, okay then.” He tightened his thick black coat against him as a cold wind blew around us. “Can you ask Lucas to move his car, and tell Livvy I said goodbye.” He was leaving. The permanent ache in my chest now throbbed. I really missed him and I had hoped I could spend some time with him today.
He leaned against his car, avoiding my eyes; the only sound was the occasional purr of a motor as a car drove by, and the wind rustling the cedar bush in front of the house.
“Logan, can I talk to you?”
He kicked a large stone with his black boot. “Fine, talk.”
“I miss you.”
His body tensed, and he looked away. “Lisa, don’t pull this crap. I’m still really pissed off.”
I took a step closer. “I know, but can’t you understand why I did it?”
Rubbing his hand over his face, he sighed. “Yes, I understand why, but I still can’t wrap my mind around the fact that the girl I love plotted against me. Every time I think about taking you back, I remember what you did. I can’t trust you.”
“Yes, you can.” I hated that my voice sounded whiny.
He stood up and glared at me. “How? You lied to me over and over. Every time you kissed me, every time you held my hand, it was a lie.”
“No, it wasn’t. Everything I did was true, I just didn’t know it.”
“You pretended to like me…love me, so you could break my heart. It wasn’t real.”
“Don’t you get it?” I yelled. “The only thing that wasn’t real was my hatred for you. I thought you played a trick on me. I’m sorry I didn’t find out if it was true, but I didn’t, and I can’t change that. And as much as I tried to hate you, I couldn’t. I love you, and I always have.”
“If that’s true, how could you keep everything from me? My mom, Lucas, Sarah, and your friends, everyone knew. I bet you all laughed at how gullible I was for falling for you. Believing everything you said.” His eyes and voice were cold.
Tears burned, spilling over onto my cheeks. “That’s not what happened.”
He took a step toward me. “How can I believe that? All you do is lie.”
I gasped. Was I really that bad? “No I don’t. I only lied about what I did. Everything I said about my feelings was true. I love you, and I want to be with you.” His sudden aggression frightened me, but I pushed back my fear and closed the gap between us, taking him into my arms. “Please, Logan. I miss you so much,” I whispered in his ear. Warmth spread through me as I leaned against him. I hadn’t been near him in two weeks; I couldn’t let go.
I could feel his struggle; his arms lifted as if to hold me, and then went rigid.
“I’m not ready yet,” he said as he pushed me out of his way, I took a few wobbly steps before gaining my balance. I gaped at him, surprised by this behavior, but he was gone, storming into the house. “Lucas, move your car.” I heard him yell from inside. When he came back out, he climbed into his vehicle and waited.
I watched him, standing alone on the driveway. The wind whipped around me, but I didn’t feel it. I was cold on the inside without him. A little wind couldn’t hurt me.
After he left, I wanted to break down, but I couldn’t, not with Livvy here to take care of.




Chapter Thirty two
Tranquility

“Guys can be stubborn, Lisa. But don’t worry, he’ll come around,” Sarah said before taking a bite of the pizza we ordered. I had called my mom at work, and she picked Olivia up on her way home. I was staying for supper because Sarah wanted to talk. “So how’s it going with Lewis?”
“Well, the emails are still coming, and the last one was kind of creepy.”
Sarah leaned forward. “What did it say?”
I took a breath and just said it, not letting myself get upset over it. “You can’t see me, but I’m always there.”
Lucas and Sarah exchanged glances.
“What?”
“Nothing. It’s just not the same as what happened with us. My stalker was threatening. This guy sounds almost caring,” Sarah replied, tossing her pizza crust into the large, square box.
Lucas shook his head. “It doesn’t matter what he sounds like, you need to be careful, especially now that my brother’s being a jerk.”
I nodded, not sure I agreed with Sarah. To me, the message sounded like a warning.

After we finished off the pizza, I asked them to take me home. They wanted me to stick around to see Logan, but I couldn’t take another rejection. And I didn’t want to push him, when he clearly wasn’t ready to forgive me.
I quickly regretted my decision when I saw Adam’s car parked on the street in front of my house. I groaned at the sight. He had chosen sides when he left our lunch table when I asked Ethan to leave, and even though it wasn’t entirely his fault, Ethan wouldn’t be in my life if it wasn’t for him.
“Do you want us to come in?” Sarah asked, knowing how I felt about my traitorous friend.
“No thanks. I can handle him.” 
After I climbed out, Lucas honked as they drove away.

“What do you want?” I asked Adam as soon as I stepped inside. My arms were folded in front of me, my eyes narrowed as I leaned against the front door. He sat on the couch watching a crime drama with my mom. She glanced up from the TV with a look of confusion on her face. When I shook my head at her, she smiled and turned her head, focusing back on the TV.
He stood up and took a few steps toward me. “I just want to talk.” Just as he held his hands out in front of him, Ethan stepped out of the kitchen carrying a glass of wine for my mom and a bottle of water. Apparently he was making himself comfortable. His steel-blue eyes were pleading when he saw me.
I opened my mouth, about to tell him off, when Adam stood in front of me, blocking my sight of his friend. He picked up a bag from the floor and handed it to me. I glanced inside and scowled at him. “That’s cheating.” I dug inside the bag again, and almost drooled. “This is bribery.”
“Is it working?”
Inside the bag were the last season of the Sailor Sisters and a ten-pound bag of strawberry chewy candy. He was an evil genius; I didn’t have a chance against my favorite candy and the DVD I could not find anywhere in Brownridge. The show was about a mother and daughter who live in a small, quirky town.
I glared at him for several seconds, thinking, and then waved him and Ethan upstairs. My mother’s laughter mocked me from the living room.
Adam loaded the DVD into the player and took his usual spot on my black armchair, while Ethan leaned against the closed door, his hands in his pockets and his gaze fixed to the floor. It was a posture of someone who felt guilty. Good.
“So, what do you want?” I glared at Ethan, but he refused to look at me.
Adam sighed. “Can you just hear what he has to say?”
I shrugged my shoulders, and glanced at Ethan. “So, talk.”
Finally he lifted his head, showing sad blue eyes. “I’m really sorry for what I did, Lisa. After everything you told me, it was the last thing I expected to see. So I thought that maybe he had manipulated you to get what he wanted. After that night at the party, who knows what he was capable of?” He ran his hand though his white-blond hair. “I freaked out. And before I could stop them, the words were pouring out.” He took a few steps forward and stopped once he reached the bed, where I sat leaning against the headboard. “I’m really sorry. Can you forgive me, so we can get back to our nightly chats? I miss them.”
Crossing my arms in front of me, I gazed down at my black duvet, counting the lint balls. “How many times do I have to tell you that he didn’t trick me at the party?”
Adam unfolded his feet and leaned forward. “He knows that now, but until this blowout, we had our doubts.” Ethan nodded in agreement, obviously too afraid to say too much. I sighed again, thinking about what Ethan had said. I missed our chats too, but if it wasn’t for him, I’d be with Logan right now.
The bed dipped with Ethan’s added weight as he sat down on the edge. “Kelly told me that he dumped you,” he said softly. I nodded as I tossed a candy in my mouth. “I’m sorry, Lisa, I wasn’t thinking.”
“It’s fine, I can’t blame you forever. My secret would have come out eventually.”
“If it’s any consolation, I think he’s out of his mind for letting you go.”
I smiled at him, somewhat cheered by his sweet words. “Thanks, Ethan. I’m actually glad you guys are here.” I popped a couple more candies. “Now shut up and press play.”

We watched the first DVD while occasionally catching up on the time away from each other. I didn’t have much to report, but Adam apparently started dating Ruby. I was really happy for him; she seemed like a great girl, and was really pretty. Ethan was still playing the field, looking for the right one. Those were his exact words. I couldn’t help but smile.
When the third episode ended, I got up to put in a new one.
“We should go,” Adam said, standing up. “Ethan’s mom’s giving him a curfew now.”
I turned to Ethan, and his cheeks turned red. “It’s all Adam’s fault. He made me go with him to Burlington, and on the way home he got a flat tire. We didn’t get home until four in the morning. I was grounded for two days and now have a curfew, and he didn’t even get a harsh word from his parents.”
I grinned at them. I could relate to Ethan’s tirade. Adam once talked me into breaking into the school gym at night, and of course we were caught. I was grounded for a week, while Adam was told very politely by his mother to never do it again. “Why did you go to Burlington?” I asked Adam as Ethan stood up, standing beside his friend.
He shrugged. “I wanted new boots.” It was as simple as that. It didn’t matter that there were boots in Brownridge, he wanted a pair from Burlington, so he went, no questions asked from his parents. Sometimes his vagrant disregard for money or rules shocked me. But that was Adam, because his mother had spoiled him since he was a child. He didn’t know any better; if he wanted something, he got it.
 “Hey, I have an idea to make you feel better,” Adam said with his hand on the door handle.
I took out the old disc, placing it in its case, and slid the new one in. “What?”
“You need to get away from here, someplace where you can’t see Logan, or hope to run into him. Take a break and just relax.”
The idea of escaping my life for a few days was appealing. “Where am I supposed to go?”
“Why don’t the four of us go to my dad’s hunting lodge? The three of us, and Kelly. It’s an hour away, and right on the lake in the middle of nowhere. It’s the perfect place to relax.”
I didn’t even have to think about it. “I’m in. When do we leave?”
“So am I,” Ethan agreed.
“Friday night and we come back Sunday morning.”
Ethan frowned as he leaned against my dresser. “I have to work Friday night, but I can drive up afterward.
Adam nodded. “Great, are we going?” he asked, turning to me.
“Yep, I’ll be there.”
“Perfect. We’ll see you later.” They both exited my room, and I lay back down on my bed, looking forward to something for the first time in two weeks.

Sarah took my shift Saturday, so I was in the clear for my weekend of rest. Kelly also had to work, but she was riding up with Ethan around seven o’clock. Adam didn’t have a job, being the only child of rich parents who spoiled him every chance they got.
He picked me up about two in the afternoon, and we were off. The drive went by very fast. We listened to his new indie CD and played twenty questions. I hadn’t felt this good in weeks. Adam always knew how to make me feel better.
About an hour into the drive, we pulled onto what looked like an old logging road. The road itself was just two lines of gravel with long grass and weeds growing between them. Trees and overgrown brush grew alongside, and occasionally we’d hear a scraping sound as a branch from a tree or bush scraped against his car. He’d wince at the sound, and slow down as if going slower would stop the brush from scratching his paint.
Finally, we came upon a large A-frame log cabin with a wraparound deck. He pulled up in front and we climbed out, each of us carrying a bag. The cold November air turned my breath to frost.
I followed him up onto the wooden deck and gazed out over the lake. It was a beautiful spot. Aside from all the overgrown grass, there were trees, flowers, and the crystal-clear lake right behind the house. I felt at peace already.
Adam dug a key out from what used to be a potted plant, but was now a brown stem and two wilted leaves. Once the key was in the lock, he pushed open the door.
I gasped and stepped back.
Adam laughed. “Don’t worry, they’re dead, they can’t hurt you.” The cabin was large and open concept, with the kitchen off to the left and the living room to the right. Above the massive stone fireplace hung an extremely large deer head. Although there were only two walls in the living room, they were also covered in dead animal heads. There were bear, beaver, another deer, and an assortment of fish. I stood in the doorway feeling like I was being watched. “Are you coming in?” he asked me, setting down a cooler with food his mother put together.
“Why?” I pointed to the heads.
“It’s a hunting lodge. What do you think happens here?”
I had heard of his family’s hunting lodge—he came here with his father every year—but I assumed they ate what they killed. Why anyone would decorate with dead animals was beyond me.
I tossed my bag onto the floor and wandered around. The second floor was a loft. I climbed the wooden stairs and checked out each room. Three rooms were lined along the back of the house with a bathroom in between. All the rooms were similar, with matching furniture and bedding. The only difference between them was the color on the walls, except the first two had stuffed rabbits and squirrels on the dressers. The bedroom I wanted was animal free, with eggshell-blue walls, wood wainscoting and a smell of must and pine. There was a mirrored dresser, a nightstand, and a bed. The only knickknacks in the room were a few various ceramic animals, a small black bear, and a moose, but that was fine, as long as the fur was plaster and not real. The window was large, letting in a lot of light; thankfully, I noticed blinds that I could use to block the sun in the early hours of the morning. “Can I have this room?” I yelled, when I heard his footsteps on the stairs.
“I knew you’d pick that one.” He stood next to me, standing with our bags. I took my black messenger bag out of his hand and tossed it on the blue bedspread.
“I’d rather not be watched while I sleep, thank you very much.” I met him back in the hallway. “So, what now?” Since his backpack was missing, I assumed he’d picked a room.
He grinned. “Let’s go fishing.”
Not my idea of a good time, but when in Rome. “Sounds extremely boring, but I’m in.”
Dressed in one of Adam’s spare warm hunting jackets and work gloves, I stood on the dock, waiting for him to get the small aluminum boat ready. “Climb in,” he said after he started the motor. I was unsteady as I stepped in and sat down onto the hard, cold seat.
He drove us to the middle of the lake, where he put a lure on my rod. I cast it out like my father had shown me when I was little, and it fell into the water with a plop. Once my rod was positioned in the hole along the edge of the boat, I took out my book.
“You’re going to read?”
“Um hm.”
“What if you get a fish?”
“I used to go fishing all the time with my dad, and I never once caught one. So instead, I’m going to catch up on some reading.”
“I thought we could talk.”
“About Logan?” He nodded. “Not interested,” I said dryly. This trip was to take my mind off of him. Even though my tears should have dried up by now, every time I thought of his rejection, my eyes burned and my chest ached. I was tired of feeling like a walking zombie. So my plan was to keep my mind busy, and not think about him at all.
We were quiet for a short time, with him casting out and pulling it back in. Making the fish think that his lure was a bug skidding along the surface, while my mind was happily occupied on my book. “What are you reading?” Adam asked, breaking the silence.
“The Dead Walk Alone.”
When I nodded, not looking up from the page, he said, “I didn’t know you were into horror.”
“I am now.” Truthfully I wasn’t really into reading at all, unless it was a book assigned in school, but I had found a way to escape my pain. This was the third book since our breakup. The first was a romance novel that I didn’t finish; every time the main characters got a little steamy, I wanted to scream. I finally realized it wasn’t the right genre for me.
More silence, aside from the reeling and casting, reeling and casting. The lake was empty, and the rhythmic sounds of the frogs and birds could have put me to sleep if I was lying down. The lapping of the water made the boat sway slightly; it was the tranquility I craved.
Adam cleared his throat a few times, clearly in the mood to chat, but I ignored him, keeping my face buried in the book. I never glanced from the page until I heard his rapid reeling of the rod. He spun the handle frantically until he pulled up the fish that flopped on the line. “What kind is it?” I asked, setting my book down for the first time in an hour.
“A pike.” He took out his pliers and unhooked the slimy thing, tossing it back into the freezing cold water with a splash. Droplets of water fell onto my jeans, making me shiver.
“Why don’t you keep it?” I asked, wiping my leg.
“I don’t like fish, unless you want to clean it.”
I scrunched up my face. “I’ll pass.” I took in a deep breath, reveling in the crisp air. My nose felt the chill from that crispness. “I’m cold. Are we done here?”
“Yeah. We should go in and put dinner on anyway.”
“What are we having?”
“I brought steaks to barbeque.”
“Do you know how?”
“Sure, I help my dad all the time.” I raised my eyebrows at that. “What? You don’t believe me?”
“You just don’t seem like the cooking type.”
“Only barbeque. Other than that, it’s toast or cereal.”
“Okay, let’s barbeque,” I said with feigned enthusiasm.




Chapter Thirty three
Starry Night

“How’s it going?” I asked Adam about an hour later. After we came back from fishing, he went out to make dinner. The potatoes and meat were on the grill, and I had set the table. While I waited, I tried texting Kelly to tell her how nice it was here, but couldn’t get through.
“No signal out here. But there’s a land line if you need to make a call,” Adam said, walking in with a plate full of food, the delectable smell of barbeque drifting in with him. What was it was it about a grill that could make anything smell good? I bet even limburger cheese would smell better after a few minutes on the grill. I put my phone back on the counter. “No, it’s not important. I just wanted to see if Kelly was off work yet.”
“Probably, she said she was off at five. Ethan is going to call before they leave. He pulled his jacket off and placed it on the back of his chair. “Well, come on then, it’s ready.”
Just as I was about to sit down, I remembered that I had promised my mom I’d call as soon as I got here. She wasn’t going to be happy to know I’d arrived hours ago. “On second thought, I need to call my mom to tell her that we’re here.”
He was already seated at the table munching on his steak. Since his mouth was full, he gestured with his hand to a portable phone resting on the base on the kitchen counter. I picked it up and dialed. “Hello,” my mom answered on the first ring; her voice was anxious.
“I’m so sorry, Mom, I forgot to call you.”
“Lisa,” she said with relief. “It’s okay. I’m just glad to hear your voice. I was starting to worry.”
“You know I have a bad memory. You don’t need to worry about me.”
“Yes, well, I’m a mother, that’s what we do.”
I laughed. “So is Livvy at Dad’s?”
She cleared her throat. “Um…yeah.”
I didn’t like the tone of her voice. Something was wrong. “What’s going on, Mom?”
“I wanted to tell you in person, actually your father did, but since you asked. Your father is seeing someone and has been for a while. Livvy is meeting her tonight, and you will on Sunday at dinner.”
My stomach dropped, and my throat went dry. Just when I had my father back, he was leaving again. As the thought appeared, it vanished. He wasn’t like that. He was the man who moved to a condo close to our house in case we needed anything. He was the man who still came over to visit my mom because they were friends. I didn’t need to worry about him leaving us for a woman. He loved us, and always would. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Because we both decided to wait awhile to make sure it was serious before getting you girls involved. And truthfully we were nervous at how you’d react.” Of course, they would be. I acted like a spoiled child for over a year because of a misunderstanding. If it wasn’t for Logan, I would still be acting that way.
“How do you feel about this?” I asked cautiously.
“I’m fine, Lisa, honestly. Your father and I are best friends who couldn’t make it in a marriage, but I still want him to be happy. And Meredith is an old friend of mine. I ran into her a few months ago while I was having lunch with your dad. I could tell they hit it off. But if I hadn’t encouraged him, he would never have made the first move. He didn’t want any more conflict with you. You girls are the most important thing to him. So he’s very nervous for you to meet her.”
I sighed heavily, feeling the weight of my family on my shoulders. If my mom was okay with my father moving on, who was I to argue? I wanted him to be happy too. And I’d given him enough grief already. “Well, if you’re okay with it, then so am I.”
“Really?” she cried. If she was a teenager I would have said it was a squeal. “Oh, thank you, Lisa, your dad will be so relieved. He was afraid this would set you off again.”
“No, and I’m really sorry for the way I acted for so long.” I paused, turning to look at Adam, who was helping himself to my steak. “Tell Dad I’m happy for him, and I’ll see you guys on Sunday.”
“Okay, Lisa. Have fun.” We hung up, and I rushed to the table to slap Adam's hand.
He looked up at me with a smile, and his green eyes lit up. “What, you weren’t eating it.”
I sat down across from him, my chair squeaked as I moved it forward. “Well, I am now, so back off.”
He chuckled softly as he took another potato from the foil. “So what was that about?”
“My dad is dating someone I’m apparently going to meet on Sunday.”
He raised an eyebrow. “Are you okay with that?”
I thought about it and was surprised with my answer. “You know what? I am. I just want him to be happy.”
His eyes widened as he poked his steaming potato with his fork. “Wow, you sound different.”
“Actually, Logan taught me that life’s too short to hold grudges.”
He nodded his head, but said nothing, cutting the spud on his plate into tiny pieces.
Desperate for a subject change I asked him a question, “So tell me about Ruby. I didn’t really get a chance to talk to her at the dance.” I cut into my steak and took a bite, enjoying the taste of the smoky-flavored meat. “What school does she go to?”
“Martin High,” he said. Martin High was on the other side of town.
“She’s a senior too?”
He nodded. “Um hm.”
“Is that all you’re going to say about her?”
“Yeah, Lisa. I’m not a girl.”
“Fine.”
“So, are you going to get back with Logan?”
I raised an eyebrow and looked up at him. “I don’t want to talk about that.”
“Well, aren’t we full of conversation.” He cut a piece of meat, scraping his fork on his plate, making me cringe.
We ate quietly until Adam asked, “Are you and Austin hooking up again?”
I gaped at him, feeling stunned by his question. “No. Why?” The idea of being with anyone but Logan was unthinkable.
“Because last time I was at Kelly’s he kept asking about you.”
“I know, he’s been weird lately. He said he’s worried about me dating Logan, and since we once dated, he thinks he has a right to meddle.”
“Well, I agree with him about one thing.”
“What?”
He leaned back in his chair. His plate was empty, and he dragged his fork along the edge of the dish. “That Logan will hurt you.”
I shook my head at him, tired of defending my ex-boyfriend. They didn’t know him like I did. And besides, I was the one who had hurt him.

“Shouldn’t they be here by now?” I asked Adam as I set the last dish in the cupboard. We had finished eating and now with the dishes finally put away, we were going to play cards, but my eyes kept drifting to the clock. It was dark outside and I was worried about Kelly and Ethan. They were an hour late.
Adam shoved his chair against the table and glanced at the time. “Yeah, I’ll call Ethan. He padded over to the phone and dialed. He didn’t take long; after a few one-syllable words he hung up and spun around. “They’re not coming.”
Disappointment filled me; I was looking forward to the four of us hanging out. It could be the getaway Kelly had been jealous of when I went to the cottage. “What? Why?”
“Kelly has to work in the morning, some chick she works with is sick, and Ethan doesn’t feel like driving up alone. He said that we should plan another trip for the four us with more notice.” He plunked down onto the sofa.
“Huh… Then it’s just the two of us? That sucks.”
Adam’s eyes narrowed, but a hint of a smile played on his lips. “That’s nice, thank you.”
“You know what I mean. I thought we’d all be here. I was looking forward to it.”
He smiled, picking up the deck of cards from the living room table. “Yeah, I know what you mean. Maybe next time.” He pulled the cards out of the box. “Come on, I want to beat you at poker, now that Kelly’s not coming.”
He was wrong, he didn’t beat me, well maybe a couple times, but it was pretty even, both of us getting the chance to win. It felt great. “It’s really fun to play without Kelly,” he said after he won a hand.
“I know, and using real chips is way more fun than pennies.” I snatched a corn chip out of the pot and took a bite.
He shuffled the deck, silently watching me, his green eyes intense.
“Why are you looking at me like that?’ I asked him.
He handed the cards out to me first, and then himself. “Why won’t you talk to me about what’s bothering you?”
I thought I was acting normal, hiding the fact that I felt empty inside. “I’m fine.”
“You can talk to Kelly, but not me?”
“She doesn’t constantly put down the boy I love.”
He gaped at me. “I do not.”
“Whatever,” I muttered, organizing my cards, and secretly high-fiving myself because my hand was so good. I was about to take the rest of the chips.
I was right; my hand cleared out his chips and therefore, made me the new champion. It helped immensely to raise my spirits.
It was late, and I was tired, but before heading upstairs, I wanted to sit outside and stargaze. Adam agreed.
It was cold and damp, but we were each wrapped in a warm coat and blanket. The lake was calm, and the stars were bright, the air fresh and crisp. It was peaceful, and a great way to end the day. Of course, an hour later I couldn’t feel my face, and my ears were burning, I was so chilly. “Are you ready?” I asked Adam, unsure if he was even awake. He was slumped in his chair with the blanket high above his cheeks. I had been quietly enjoying the view and didn’t notice if he was awake or not.
He sat up and looked at me with confusion, obviously having been asleep.
“Are you ready to go to bed?” I asked again.
He smiled slightly. “Yeah.”
Once upstairs, I went into the bathroom to brush my teeth. I heard Adam shuffling around in his room.
Back in the hall, I pushed my door open and fell back into the railing, screaming. Adam was suddenly in the hall laughing his stupid head off. I spun on him and punched him in the shoulder. “You jackass, that is so not funny.”
I waited for him to say something, but he couldn’t talk through his laughter.
“Shut up and get rid of it.” I pointed to the huge stuffed black bear he had snuck into my bedroom while I was in the bathroom. It was poised with its mouth open, its enormous fangs sticking out. The paws were up midair, about to maul its victim with its razor-sharp claws. Its glassy black eyes were full of menace.
Adam did what I said, still chuckling to himself. I heard his laughter as he went downstairs to put the thing back in the study.

When I climbed into the bed, my heart was still in my throat. I glanced around for any other creepy animals he might have snuck in. Being out in the fresh air most of the day made me drowsy, and I couldn’t keep my eyes open.

I was suddenly in a bedroom sitting in front of a mirror wearing a wedding dress. I was finally going to do it. Marry Ben, the man of my dreams. Dabbing a little blush on my cheeks for extra color, I decided I looked perfect for my big day. A knock sounded at my door, making me jump.
“Come in,” I said, standing up to face the door.
Lewis appeared, looking dapper in his tuxedo. His face was ashen white, his hands shaking. “You look beautiful, Annie.” His smile didn’t brighten his face at all.
“What’s wrong, Lewis?”
He wrung his hands together. “Don’t do this, please. Don’t marry him.”
My heart sunk. I knew he had feelings for me, but he was my friend, the best one I’d ever had. “Lewis, I love him.”
“But we’ve known each other longer.”
“We’re friends.” I took the few steps to him and touched his cheek. “You’ll find someone to love, just as I did.”
He pulled away, turning from me. “I don’t want anyone else, and if I can’t have you, I won’t have anyone.” He stalked out the door and down the hall.
I stood in the doorway watching him, thinking about what he had said. He wouldn’t hurt himself, would he? Once the thought crept into my mind, it stuck, and I couldn’t get it out.
I started down the hall to his room, my heels clicking along the tile floor, echoing through the halls of my parents’ mansion. A feeling of dread crept into my gut, and I started to run. Just as I touched his doorknob, a gunshot exploded from his room. 
“NOOOOO!”
I thrust open the door and screamed. Lewis, the most important person in my life besides Ben, lay dead on the floor. He had shot himself in the head. I couldn’t look at his now destroyed body; instead, I focused on the blood that had gathered in a pool around him, staining the cream-colored carpet.
I sat up, filled with panic, and jumped out of bed, rushing down the hall.
As I opened Adam’s door, a feeling of relief washed over me at the sight of him sleeping. He was there on the bed curled on his side, his red hair sticking out of the forest green blanket.
His eyes blinked open. “What?” His voice was raspy with sleep.
“It’s you.”




Chapter Thirty four
Secrets Revealed

He sat up, wearing a black happy face T-shirt. His hair was sticking up on the side, and his eyes were full of sleep. “How did you find out?” he asked, his expression full of guilt.
“I dreamed of you. You’re Lewis.”
His face was serious for a moment, and then he nodded slowly.
A mix of anger and anxiety washed over me. “You’ve been emailing and calling me?” He nodded again. “You asshole!” My words were filled with venom as I whirled around, rushing down the hall to my bedroom.
My bag was lying on the floor where I left it; I picked it up and started to toss my things into it.
“Wait, let me explain,” Adam said from behind me just as I was about to toss my pale pink lacy bra into the bag.
I turned slowly toward him. His eyes darted to the pink material in my hand, and I flung it behind me. “Explain what? That you’ve been scaring the shit out of me for months?”
“I know, and I’m sorry. I just wanted to communicate with you as him, and I was hoping you’d lean on me if you were scared.” I stared at him in disbelief, absolutely speechless. “I love you, Lisa, I always have.”
My stomach dropped to my knees. Was I dreaming? If so, I desperately wanted to wake up. I closed my eyes, hoping that when I opened them, I’d be back in my bed at home. But when I reopened them, Adam was still in front of me. I was living my nightmares. “This can’t be happening,” I mumbled into my hands.
“We used to be so close, ever since we were kids. I knew you better than anyone, maybe even Kelly. But when you started dating Logan, you ignored all of your friends. I wanted you to come to me like you always did when you had a problem. So…I started the emails and calls, but instead of leaning on me, you turned to him. How could you do that? He’s a selfish bully that can’t be trusted. You of all people know that.”
“We both know he didn’t mean to kiss her.” I sighed, tired of defending Logan to him. “Logan is nothing like we thought he was. I’m the one who screwed up.”
I thought back to the past two years. Adam’s constant reminders of what happened at the party was the reason I kept my stupid vendetta. I narrowed my eyes at him. “What else did you do to get me to turn to you? Did you know that Logan left the party right after I did?”
“Why would you ask that?”
“Because now that I think back, every time I was about to forgive him, you were always there to remind me of what he did.” I paused, thinking about his constant interfering. “Come to think of it, that’s what you did with my dad. Every time I thought about asking him what was really going on, you convinced me that it was an affair. And you’re the one that said he was probably cheating on my mom in the first place.” When he didn’t deny it, I took in a deep breath and spun around, rushing past him.
Downstairs in the living, I curled up on the couch wrapped in a white throw blanket; it smelled of wood and must. I heard his footsteps on the stairs a few minutes later, but I didn’t turn around. I watched the sun come up over the lake through the large bay window. The colors orange, red, and yellow blazed across the sky.
I heard his footsteps behind me, but he remained silent. “Why?” I whispered, keeping my eyes on the lake.
“I’m sick of being the best friend. For one damn life time, I’d like to get the girl. And I thought that if I could get you to need me, it would finally happen. You used to come to me when you had problems, not Kelly, not your mom, and not Logan. Me. I thought that I could make you forgive your dad, and you’d see me differently than just your friend. The same with Logan. He hurt you and I was there to pick up the pieces, but you still only saw me as a friend.”
I turned around to face him. “How could you do that? Lie and manipulate me. You think I’d want you after that? I lost a year and a half with my father because of you.”
His face softened, guilt showing in his eyes. “I know, and I’m really sorry about that.”
“Are you?”
“Yes. All I wanted was to be with you, but I knew you didn’t love me. I was stupid enough to believe that if I could get you to be vulnerable you’d want to be with me. And that was extremely selfish, I know. I’m so sorry.”
“Are you really?” I asked again.
He nodded, taking a seat at the other end of the sofa. “After you and Logan broke up, I saw how devastated you were. Still are. I know you’re trying to be strong, but I see it in your eyes.”
I turned to face him. “My eyes?”
“They’re lifeless. But when you were with him, they were vibrant and full of life. I hated it. I could never make you that happy, I know that now.”
The complete look of despair on his face reminded me of something. The dream. “If you’re having the same dreams I am, then you know what happened to George and Lewis.”
He pressed his lips together and nodded sadly.
“You’re not going to…” I trailed off, unable to finish the sentence.
“Kill myself?” He laughed dryly. “No. I’ve accepted that I’ll always be the friend. And if that’s all I can be, I’ll take what I can get.” He leaned over and took my hand from my knee and squeezed. I didn’t feel anything but his smooth skin, no jolt of electricity. “Besides, I do really like Ruby.”
“How long have you been having the dreams?”
“A few months before you.”
I squeezed his fingers. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Because the first ones I had were of me standing in the shadows watching you with another version of Logan, so I knew you would find each other again. I tried to get you to see me instead, but you were blinded by him. No one else had a chance.” That was true. Even when I hated Logan, I couldn’t look at another.
“Did you always know what they meant?”
“Not at first. When I realized our names were different, I looked online. And when I found the names, I knew. I wanted to tell you, but I feared that would push you to him.”
I sighed, leaning back against the cushion. My brain was exhausted from all the mental drama.
“Are you tired?”
“Yes, I am. What time is it anyway? I didn’t look at the clock after I woke up from the nightmare.” I cringed at the image of all that blood seeping into the carpet.
“What dream was it?”
“Lewis shot himself.”
His eyebrows creased. “Oh yeah, that one’s a doozy. I wake up in a cold sweat when I have that one.”
The knot in my stomach tightened. “You promise you’re not going to follow in their footsteps?”
“I promise. Now go to sleep. I think I might go back upstairs, it’s only six o’clock.” He let go of my hand and stood up.
I groaned, stretching out. “I’ll stay here; I’m too tired to move.”
“All right. I’ll see you later.” I heard his footsteps as sleep pulled me under.
I woke to the smell of bacon and something I couldn’t place. I sat up on the couch. The air was warmer than when I went to sleep. I looked around and saw that the gas fireplace was on, spreading heat throughout the room. “What time is it?” I asked, stretching my arms above my head.
“Ten.” He was freshly showered, wearing jeans and a long-sleeve T-shirt, standing over the stove frying bacon. “Why don’t you go have a shower? Breakfast will be ready soon.”
I stood up to refold the throw blanket and placed it on the back of the recliner. “I think I will.”
When I had showered and changed, I packed up my stuff. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to stay any longer after what happened this morning.
After I made the bed I slept in, I grabbed my bag and headed back downstairs. Adam’s navy blue hoodie was hanging on the railing; I grabbed it and put it on, still feeling a chill.
Adam was just sitting down in the kitchen. That strange scent wafted in my nose again. “Do you smell that?”
“What?” he asked, as he loaded his plate with a cheese and bacon omelet.
“I don’t know, but something is giving me a headache.” I spotted a scented candle on a shelf in the corner of the room. “Hey, can I light this?”
“Sure, go ahead. Come on it’s ready.” I found a lighter and lit the wick; the smell of strawberries drifted out, replacing the unknown scent. I picked up the candle, placing it on the center of the coffee table.
“So, are we okay?” Adam asked nervously as he took a drink of water.
I sat down across from him; my plate was filled with food. His question was one I had been asking myself ever since I woke up. And when I thought of a future without one of my best friends, the answer was always yes. He was part of who I was, both him, Kelly, and now Ethan. When I think back to most of my memories as a child, he was there. It might not be easy to get past what he did, but I knew I would. “As long as all the manipulating is over, then, yeah, we’re okay.”
He smiled. “Thank you. I don’t want to lose you, even as a friend.”
“So will you accept Logan, if he ever forgives me?”
He nodded, suddenly serious. “Yes, I will. I know he’s who you want, who you’ve always wanted.” He pointed at the hoodie I was wearing. “You can even keep my sweater.”
“That’s not necessary, but thanks.” I smiled, feeling the weight of the last few hours lift away. “I do want you in my life, but if I have to choose, it will be Logan.”
He nodded, his expression full of sincerity. “I know, and I promise all that crap is over.”
“Good.” I cut a piece of my omelet and took a bite. “Because I’d miss you,” I mumbled with my mouth full.
Adam laughed as he picked up a piece of bacon.
“I thought you couldn’t cook. This is good.”
“I’ve watched our chef at home and figured, how hard could it be?”
I laughed, surprised that I had it in me to do so.
We finished breakfast and then started on the dishes. Just as I was leaning up to put a plate into the cupboard above the sink, the door flew open. Logan rushed in, a blur of black leather and dark brown hair. When he spotted Adam, he lunged for him, shoving him against the kitchen cupboard. He held him by the shirt collar. “You son of a bitch,” he growled, his eyes full of rage.
“Stop it, Logan.” I grabbed hold of him, trying to pry his hands from Adam’s blue cotton shirt, but he was way too strong for me.
“I dreamt of him last night. He’s Lewis. This jerk has been harassing you, and pretending to be your friend.” When he pulled his arm back, closing his hand into a fist, Adam closed his eyes, waiting for the blow.
“Stop it!” I screamed.
He froze mid-swing, but didn’t look away from Adam. “He scared you, and put you through hell. He probably brought you out here to hurt you.”
“I know.” I wrapped my hand around his. It was gripped tightly in Adam’s shirt. I threaded my fingers through his and pulled. When he finally let go, he shoved me behind him to protect me from my friend.
Someone cleared their throat behind me. I looked over to see Lucas and Sarah watching us.
“Explain,” Logan demanded. He was speaking to me, although he never took his eyes from Adam.
“Adam brought me out here to take my mind off of you, that’s it.”
“Oh, I’m sure he did.” Sarcasm dripped from his words.
Ignoring his comment, I continued. “Last night I dreamed of him, he was Lewis, and he killed himself. When I woke up, we talked. He accepts that we’re just friends.”
“Yeah right.”
“It’s true. She’s my friend, and I apologized for what I did,” Adam said, straightening his shirt. “And I accept that she loves you. I won’t come between you anymore.” He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. “It was my fault she wouldn’t let go of her revenge. She wanted to, meant to, many times, but I was always there to remind her of what I knew you didn’t do. Ethan was in the hallway after she left, and heard you yell at Sasha. He told me what happened, and I asked him to keep it from Lisa.” Adam looked at me with guilt in his eyes. “I’m so sorry,” he said softly. “I also asked him to help me convince you that Logan wasn’t good enough for you.”
I wanted to hate him for what he did, but when I thought of the dreams he must have been having, killing himself over and over because of me must have been torture. Always being the friend and never getting what he wanted, lifetime after lifetime. It must have been horrible, so I forgave him. What else could I do, he was my friend. “It’s okay,” I said.
He smiled, his vivid green eyes sparkling. “Thank you.” 
Logan spun on me. “It’s not okay, he manipulated you.”
“I know, and he did more than that, but when I tell you what he went through, you’ll forgive him too.”
He relaxed slightly. “Get your things, you’re coming with us.”
“You can’t tell me what to do.”
“Oh yes I can.” He took my elbow and pulled me toward the door.
I yanked my arm out of his grip. “You broke up with me.”
“I know that, but I’m worried about you. Please let’s go.” His voice that had been hard now softened. How could I resist?
I missed him so much. Even though I wanted him to forgive me, I knew that I couldn’t get my hopes up. Knowing what it felt like to be rejected more than once was enough to erase any hope I had. If it happened, great, I just couldn’t push him any longer.
I smiled sweetly. “Since you asked, I was ready to go anyway.” I bent down to pick up my messenger bag, sliding it onto my shoulder, and turned to face the boy I had known and depended on since childhood. “Are you coming?”
Adam let the water out of the sink and wiped the counter. “Yeah, I’ll be right behind you.”
I crossed my arms in front of me. “I’m not leaving without you.” I wasn’t ready for him to be alone yet, not after the dream I had.
He smirked at me. “I told you, I would never do that.”
“Do what?” Lucas spoke for the first time.
“I’ll explain later,” I said to the three newcomers. “Now grab your stuff, Adam, we’re leaving.”
Lucas and Sarah went out to the car, with Logan following reluctantly. I narrowed my eyes at him. “Go, I’m coming.” I watched him meet up with Sarah and Lucas, standing beside his silver car. I couldn’t believe he drove his vehicle through on a dirt road. It would be covered with scratches. As Adam gathered his things, I wondered how Logan found us, but it wasn’t hard; my mom and Kelly knew.
Adam picked up his backpack, strapped it onto his shoulders, and reached for the cooler. Now that I knew he was coming, I made my way down the deck.
Logan leaned on the hood of the car, waiting impatiently. He watched me so intently, a feeling of anxiousness knotted inside my stomach.
I heard Adam shuffling in the living room, so I backed up and peeked through the kitchen window to see what he was doing.
“I’m coming,” he yelled, looking at me through the glass. “Ow…damn table. Shit, the candle.” He hit the still lit candle with his knee, and it fell to the floor.  BOOOM! An explosion of light erupted from the fireplace behind him.
A wall of heat that felt like a fireball lifted me up off my feet. The last thing I remember before everything went black was flying over the wooden railing.




Chapter Thirty five
Farewell, Friend

I woke in a field of red and orange poppies. The sky above me was blue, a sapphire blue. No sky in my world was that color. Where was I? Everything was quiet; I couldn’t hear the wind blowing through the flowers and long grass, or the birds chirping in the distance. Nothing. It was the same feeling I had when I was a kid, when Kelly and I went swimming at the beach every day for a whole summer, my ears so filled with water, I couldn’t hear.
I felt his presence and glanced up. Logan hovered over me. His gold-flecked hazel eyes were bright again, and the cocky grin was back. This was the face I loved; there was no anger in it. He loved me again, and my heart soared. He lifted his hand for me to take when I reached up, I heard my name being called from somewhere far off. I wanted to ignore the sound that would interrupt the chance to be with Logan.
Just as my fingertips were about to brush his, a loud sucking sound thundered around us, and my world went black again. 
“Lisa, wake up.” Logan? His usual strong voice now sounded hollow, like he was speaking through a long tunnel. “Lisa, please wake up. I need you,” the voice begged. That can’t be Logan, he hates me. A warm hand touched my shoulder, gently shaking me, making me dizzy.
What was happening? Wasn’t I just in a field of flowers with Logan a minute ago? It was so peaceful there, I didn’t want to leave. Now I didn’t know where I was. I couldn’t see anything, only blackness. The hollow voice called my name again, but it was hard to hear. Why couldn’t I see anything. Someone was obviously here with me so why couldn’t I see? And why did I feel so groggy? My ears were ringing, my head began to hurt, and my skin stung all over. I concentrated hard trying to figure out where I was, and what was happening. I remembered being with Adam, and then Logan was there. Was he here now?
My eyelids felt like they were glued shut. After a few minutes of failed attempts to open them, I finally managed it. Just as I did, though, I remembered the explosion. “Adam!” I yelled, shoving Logan away. He was bent over me with a strained look in his eyes. But I couldn’t focus on him; I had to get to Adam. I stood up slowly, my limbs feeling as though they were moving through quicksand. When I was finally able to move, I rushed as fast as possible to the house, which was now engulfed in flames.
Logan caught me in his arms, holding me safely away from the fire. “Logan, stop, we have to get Adam.” I struggled against his tight embrace. He was too strong, I couldn’t get free. “Let me go,” I shrieked, knowing it was too late.
“He’s gone,” he sad sadly. “I’m sorry, so sorry,” he mumbled in my ear. “It’s over, he can’t hurt you.”
I pushed with all my might until he finally released me. I turned around and glared at him. “He didn’t hurt me. I told you.”
“Lisa, I’m sorry that he died, but if it wasn’t for him, we’d be together right now. I don’t mean to be cruel, but now he can’t interfere anymore.” Why was he saying such awful things when my best friend just died?
“For now anyway,” Lucas said from right behind us. I turned my glare on him for being so insensitive. “You two are soul mates, and each life you’ve had, he’s tried to break you up.”
“But he’s never hurt us,” I said, defending my friend, who I now knew was gone. He could never have survived that fire. Logan took my hand and held it tightly. I was too weak to even try to pull away.
“Not yet, but who knows what will happen in the next life? By what Logan told us, George and Lewis never interfered the way Adam did. You don’t know what he’ll do in the next life.”
“Well, what does it matter, there’s nothing we can do about it,” I said, feeling suddenly deflated.
“Maybe there is,” Sarah said. “Lisa, do you have something that belongs to Adam?”
“Yeah, this is his,” I said, touching the hoodie that I was still wearing.
“Well, all you have to do is burn it and say an ancient native chant, and he won’t come back next time. But you have to hurry before all his remains are burned. And before the fire department gets here. They’re on their way.”
I opened my mouth to protest. I needed a minute or two to process everything that was happening. I didn’t have a chance, though; Logan yanked the sweater off of me and tossed it into the fire. He took the piece of paper Sarah had pulled out of her pocket and held it up. “Say it with me, Lisa.” At first I stayed silent while he started the chant, but after he elbowed me in the ribs, I joined in, struggling not to cough from all the smoke surrounding the house. When we finished, I stared in disbelief as a strange shimmering light rose above the blazing cabin, and then suddenly, it was gone.
“What the hell was that?” Logan asked from beside me.
“What do you think it was?” Sarah answered him with a slight smile.
“I don’t know, but it couldn’t be Adam’s soul, right?”
Sarah and Lucas only smirked at us when we could just stupidly stare at them, in utter shock at what we had seen. 
I yanked on her arm. “How did you know about that ritual?”
A look of remorse flashed in her eyes. “When my stalker was threatening me, I researched how to stop a soul from returning. This ritual was the only thing I found. Ancient natives used it when they believed a person was possessed. They cremated the body, burned a personal item or a lock of hair from the deceased, and said the chant. We did the same thing, and I think it worked. A shimmering light, just like the one we just saw, appeared when we did the ritual at the same time the funeral home cremated my stalker.”
Her long explanation left me speechless. And I was in shock from the events of the last hour.
Logan came up behind me and wrapped his arms around me. His warmth comforted me. He led me to the car, where we sat and waited. It was only then that I noticed that I was covered in small cuts along my face and hands, the only place where my skin was exposed. When the explosion hit, I was standing in front of a window, and shards of glass rained down on me.

I tuned Sarah out on the way home. She kept insisting that maybe Adam was meant to die. I couldn’t listen anymore. Tears threatened to fall, and I really didn’t want an audience when they did. Of course, what she said did make sense. In every life we had, Adam’s past lives killed themselves because they couldn’t be with mine. But in the present when Adam refused to take his own life, he died anyway. Man, life was cruel sometimes. 
Except that, if what they said was true about the ritual over the fire, it wouldn’t happen again. Adam wouldn’t kill himself for eternity, and I wouldn’t have to suffer through his loss anymore.

At home, I told my mother what happened, leaving out the unbelievable parts, and what the fire department said was the cause. It appeared that there was a gas leak in the fireplace. That was the smell that had given me a headache. When the candle fell to the floor it ignited the gas. I sent my friends home, needing time to myself.
That night when I finally drifted off to sleep, I was sucked into another dream. This time I was standing in a ballroom filled with people dancing. A fast haunting melody floated over the dancing bodies. Two men dressed in tunics played a cello and a harp. The dancers were dressed in fancy attire, women in gorgeous velvet gowns, and men in formal silk doublets and breeches. Their faces were hidden in white plain masks. I had this dream before, but in it, the masks were decorated. These were blank with no expressions or color, which made them almost terrifying.
“Wow, this is freaky,” a very familiar voice said from right next to me. A second ago, I was alone, watching the dancers. Now I felt his presence, and without looking, I knew who it was. His hand wrapped around mine, and I was safe in this bizarre, freaky world.
I turned toward Logan. He was wearing a plain white T-shirt and black pajama pants. His hair was sticking up on the top of his head. He smiled as his eyes swept over me, taking in my tank top and shorts. In the years I’d had these dreams, not once did I appear as myself. I was always the person in that time, the one living the life, but now in pj’s and messy hair, Logan and I appeared to be bystanders, on the outside looking in.
The song changed, and two of the dancers I had not noticed stopped and turned to face us. They were dressed differently than the others. The woman was wearing a short red dress covered in tassels, and the man was wearing a navy blue pin-striped suit.
Another couple stopped dancing, except this pair was dressed just as the others, in a fancy gown and silk doublet. The four of them approached us, stopping about five feet away. All at once, they took off their white masks.
Logan gasped beside me, but for some reason, I was not surprised to be staring into our own faces.
I knew at once who they were. We were standing face to face with Lady Jane and Sir Thomas from the fifteenth century. And next to them stood Annie, a nurse, and Benjamin, a soldier from the 1920s. The girls smiled and winked at Logan, while the men gave me a lopsided grin.
Jane turned to me. “It is done,” she said, her expression both sad and relieved.
“You mean…” I couldn’t finish the sentence.
She nodded sadly. “It is for the best.”
“He is at peace,” Annie added.
“Is he happy?”
They both nodded. “He is free of his tortured existence, and now lives at peace. That is all that matters.” Jane was the one that spoke.
“And now you are free to be happy in each life, without interference. It was meant to be,” Thomas said, his words said in a serious and firm tone. For an instant, I thought he was different in this life as Logan. But when I looked up, his eyes sparkled, and his lopsided grin told me that they were very much alike. Thomas’ hair was shoulder length and wavy, while Ben’s was short and slicked back. They may look, and sound different, but they were the same where it counted, in spirit.
They put their masks back on and nodded to us, disappearing into the sea of dancers.
I woke and looked at the clock. It was midnight. I wanted to call Logan, but for some reason I just wasn’t ready.

For the next couple of days, when others were enjoying their thanksgiving weekend, Kelly, Ethan, and I were mourning Adam. Logan stayed away, either because he was still mad, or to give me time, I didn’t know. But I was happy to be alone with my friends, who missed Adam as much as I did. I ate dinner with my family and Meredith my father’s girlfriend, who turned out to be really nice. I then joined Ethan at Kelly’s, where we escaped to her room. Her family had relatives over, but didn’t pressure us to join them.
Tuesday morning was the funeral. I climbed out of bed in a daze and got ready. After my shower, I pulled my dried hair into a knot and tugged on my only black dress. It was a long-sleeve wrap dress that I had never worn, and after today, probably never would again. The cuts on my face were tiny, but still noticeable, and only stung when I got them wet.
I drove with my mom, after leaving Livvy at my dad’s, and met Kelly and her family there.
Our parents sat together while we huddled in a pew behind them. Ethan and his family sat up front with Adam’s parents. The service was long. The pastor talked about Adam as if he were a saint and not the spoiled, lazy guy he was. Of course, they wouldn’t talk about his faults at a funeral, but to make him sound perfect didn’t seem right. He wasn’t perfect, but who was?
Afterward, we followed the hearse to the graveyard, and stood around while they lowered his coffin into the ground. When the pastor was finished with the sermon, Adam’s parents threw flowers into the hole and invited Kelly, Ethan, and me to throw some. Once the ceremony was over, I approached his parents. I had been dreading this since I talked to them on the phone after the fire. “I’m so sorry,” I said to his mother, my tears streaming down my cheeks uncontrollably. The ache in my chest just wouldn’t go away.
His mother sucked in a ragged breath. “It’s not your fault, Lisa. No one knew there was a gas leak.”
“But I lit the candle,” I sobbed, my guilt coming out in full force.
Adam’s dad wrapped me in his arms. “Listen, it was a gas leak, there was no way you could’ve known that. It’s not your fault.” He squeezed me tightly, and bent down to look me in the eye. “Okay?” he asked.
I nodded up at him, wiping my tears. My mom took my arm, leading me away from them, to let others approach. As she led me to the car, I looked back once more at the grave site. Logan stood alone under a tree at the back of the cemetery. “Mom, can you give me a minute?” When she nodded, I made my way to the boy I loved, feeling anxious. I wasn’t sure I was ready for this yet. But since he was here, I would soon find out.
“Hey,” he said, pushing off of the maple tree. He was wearing a charcoal-grey suit that showed off his broad shoulders. His hair was back to the messy look that I loved. He looked so good, but I felt guilty for thinking it at Adam’s funeral.
“Hey,” I said, standing in front of him.
“You look beautiful.” His eyes were filled with longing. “How are you?”
“I’ve been better,” I said dryly.
He shoved his hands in his pockets. “I haven’t called.”
“So I’ve noticed.” I really didn’t intend to sound bitter, but it came out that way.
“I wanted to give you time to mourn Adam.”
“Thank you.” My breath caught, fighting a sob.
“Did you dream of them?”
“Saturday night?” I asked. He nodded. “Yeah, I did. I guess that means it’s over.”
“That’s what Lucas said happened with them the night the dreams stopped.”
“That’s one good thing.” I couldn’t bear to dream of Adam’s suicides. A constant reminder of my best friend’s death would be torture. Living it in reality was more than enough.
He took a step toward me. “Can I hold you?”
My heart leaped at the thought of his warm arms embracing me. “Do you still hate me?” I whispered, not sure I could handle it if he answered yes.
“I never hated you. I was angry, but not anymore.” He touched my cheek. “I miss you so much.”
I sucked in a breath, not believing my ears. “Me too,” I choked out, as tears threatened to return.
Instead of waiting for me to come to him, he grabbed my arm, yanking me against his warm body. God, I missed this, his strong arms, his scent, his lips. I looked up into his eyes, and I knew he was thinking the same thing. He bent down and kissed me, making up for lost time. He pulled away before I was ready.
I smiled up at him, realizing how lucky I was to have him.
Someone cleared their throat. We glanced behind us, and saw Kelly, Jeremy, and Austin walking over.
“Hey, guys.” Kelly smiled shyly at Logan then turned to me. “Your mom said she’d meet you at Adam’s parents’. I told her that you could come with us if you needed a ride.”
“I’ll take her,” Logan said with a quick glance my way. “If that’s okay?”
“Sure, its fine.”
“Um…Logan,” Austin said, looking nervous. “I just wanted to say that I’m sorry I was so hard on you. I’m really overprotective of Kelly and her friends, and I didn’t want you to hurt Lisa again. But Kelly told me what Adam did to the two of you and that you only acted that way because of it.” Austin held out his hand for Logan to shake. When he did, I sighed with relief. It was important for my friends to like him.
We all climbed into Logan’s silver sports car and went to Adam’s house, where we said our final goodbye.
That night Logan came back to my place. We curled up under the covers of my bed and talked all night. It felt amazing to have him back. Sometime during our talk I realized I couldn’t blame Adam for everything. I was my own person. Kelly had told me to forgive, but I had chosen to listen to Adam. That must have meant I wasn’t ready to give up the grudge I was holding against either of the men in my life. Sure, he shouldn’t have done what he did, but I didn’t have to listen either.
I vowed to myself to be happy from now on. And after all this, I learned that wasn’t possible with anger and hate inside me. I wanted to enjoy life with Logan, without holding grudges and jumping to conclusions. I wanted to be happy with my parents. Now, I could finally let go of the night that could have turned out so differently. I was finally where I was meant to be, with Logan, the man of my dreams.




Epilogue

“So where are we going?” I asked Sarah as I opened her passenger door. Her car smelled of dirty shoes and chewing gum. 
“Don’t know. They just gave me an address.” We were heading to Langton, a city an hour away, to meet the twins. They were being extremely tight-lipped about the night, saying only that it was a surprise. It was the end of May, and Lucas and Sarah were back for the summer. I had just taken my last exam in high school, and the four of us were going out to celebrate, how or where, I didn’t know.
Graduation was bittersweet for Kelly, Ethan, and me. Adam wasn’t there, and he had been so excited to get out of this hellhole, as he had put it. He was going to New York to school, and he couldn’t wait. His plans to party hard after graduation were obviously not going to happen. He wasn’t at graduation, in body anyway. There was a memorial held for him with his picture displayed against the far wall.
The guilt I felt about his death was almost gone, fading with each passing day. I knew I wasn’t technically responsible for what happened, but my mind kept circling around the fact that if I hadn’t lit that candle, it wouldn’t have happened. Or if he wasn’t trying to cheer me up, we wouldn’t have been there at all. When those thoughts crept into my mind, I would think of his father telling me that it was not my fault, and instead I’d remember something happy about him. Our constant poker games where we both lost to the master. Or his secret love of girly TV shows and chick flicks, or his addiction to flavored sunflower seeds.
“Earth to Lisa,” Sarah said, snapping her fingers in front of my face. I blinked at her, coming out of my thoughts.
“I’m sorry what were you saying?”
“I just said that I heard you and Logan got into the culinary school you wanted.”
“Yeah, I’m so excited that we can both go together.”
“Chicago, huh? Why not New York?”
I was about to start with reasons I gave Logan on our night at my house, when she laughed. “I’m kidding. Go wherever you want. It’s your life.”
I laughed, gazing out my window. We were on the freeway at rush hour, and the road was bumper to bumper.
A half an hour later, she pulled up to a pub called The Hot House. “This is it,” she said, turning the car off. Once we climbed out, we spotted Logan’s car. “Let’s go in.”
I followed her inside, where all the tables were positioned around a small stage. Off to the side was a large sign that read “Open Mic Night.” The air smelled of grease and candle wax.
We sat down at a table up front and waited for Lucas and Logan, who were nowhere to be seen. The room started to fill up, people coming in and taking seats all around us. Soon it was crowded, full of voices carrying over the music that played on the speakers. “Where are they?” Sarah asked, craning her neck around the room in search of them.
I was about to tell her I didn’t know, when a man came out from a curtain at the back of the stage. He was middle-aged, with a wrinkled face and brown hair with a streak of gray at his forehead. He was wearing a navy blue dress shirt and leather pants. He walked up to the microphone and spoke. “Hello, and welcome to The Hot House’s monthly open mic night.” The audience erupted with applause. “Our first song of the night is double the talent; please welcome Logan and Lucas Tate.” He stepped off the stage and headed for the bar.
I barely heard the clapping as our boyfriends stepped out onto the stage. They were both wearing jeans, but while Lucas was in his favorite cotton long-sleeved tee, Logan was wearing a navy blue button down. Sarah sat beside me with her mouth wide open in shock as Lucas sat down on a chair with a brown acoustic guitar in his lap.
My heart melted yet again as Logan wandered up to the mic. He was also carrying a guitar, but his was black. “We wrote this song for Lisa and Sarah. It’s called ‘I Know You.’ I hope you like it.” He sat down beside Lucas with the microphone in front of him. 
They began strumming their guitars; Logan gave me a wink and began to sing.
I know you, I feel you
I’m yours, and you are mine
We’ll be together till the end of time.

I want to live, laugh, and love with you
One look into your eyes 
And I see you, I recognize,
That our love is true. 

Your are my past, my future, my forever 
And even after we take our last breath 
No matter where we go, we’ll be together.

He sang the rest while I beamed up at him with pride. For one thing, he was singing on stage without fear, and the words were perfect.
Sarah and I held hands listening to the song that was meant for us. She bent down and whispered, “I didn’t even know he could play.”
I just squeezed her hand. We were so lucky to have these two guys as soul mates. Logan forgave me for what I did, and the two of them planned this. Lucas even learned to play the guitar.
All four of us had a tough time getting to where we were. We would never forget what had happened; instead, it would make us appreciate how delicate love is, and how in a blink of an eye, we could lose it all. I would never again take Logan for granted; he was it for me, and now I could let myself believe it. It was freeing to let go of the past and just enjoy the future. I now felt the way I had once envied Lucas for feeling. 
Now that the problems of our past lives were behind us, we could really live this life and look forward to the next one.
After all, we were born to love each other.

###



A sneak peek of Riley’s Curse, A Moon’s Glow Prequel. Coming soon 

June, 1890

The next evening, the air was warm with a slight chill brought on by the quick disappearance of the sun. It was dark, with the exception of the occasional flash of a lightning bug and the bright glow of the moon. But all of that, and everything else, was insignificant. Because on this night all I could focus on was the blood that dripped from the wolf’s fangs—her blood.
Finished with the girl, it turned to me. Its growl was low and terrifying. It stared at me where I stood frozen with fear. Its fur was reddish brown; its body was nearly tall enough to look me in the eye.
Standing up on its hind legs, it took a step toward me, and I realized this was no ordinary wolf.
I backed up slowly, afraid to make a sudden move.
Glancing down at Lucy’s body lying on the ground beside him, I knew I was next. My only hope was that the end would come quickly.
It continued in my direction, finally dropping down on all fours, preparing to chase.
Normally there were many sounds in the forest; crickets chirping, birds twittering, squirrels and moles scurrying through the brush. But right now, as the wolf crouched down closer to the ground in order to stalk its prey, the only sound was the thump, thump, thump of my heart beating rapidly. It echoed loudly in my ears, and I was sure the wolf heard it too.
I couldn’t help it; fear enveloped me, and I took off running as fast as I could, knowing it was not fast enough.
The moonlight helped guide me in the darkness as I rushed toward the road, praying someone would come along, causing the beast to run away. I felt him right on my heels, biting at the back of my leg. I stumbled. My hands flew out to stop my fall, and they dug into sharp rocks that were wedged into the rough ground. I knew they were bleeding, but I didn’t have time to look at them before the wolf took the opportunity to pounce. I kicked it in the jaw with my boot. The beast fell back with a squeal. That’s when I saw the road ahead. I gathered all the strength I could to reach it before the monster that was biting and growling behind me.
Just as my feet hit the dirt, I felt claws dig into my back, and was shoved to the ground, my face smashed into the road. A sharp searing pain exploded in my nose, and blood dripped down my face. The metallic taste filled my mouth.
The wolf sat up on its rear, preparing to feed, and I took the chance to flip over. If I was going to die, I wanted to see it coming. His muzzle hovered above me. Glassy yellow eyes stared into mine right before it let out a loud snarl, exposing long, pointed teeth. Its horrid breath smelled of death.
As the monster lowered his muzzle closer, I squeezed my eyes shut. I felt the puffing of his breath, and drool dripping on my face, then nothing. I waited for the pain, for the end of my life, and for Lucy. But none of that came. When I heard the sound of horses galloping down the road, I opened my eyes, and the wolf was gone, scared off by the buggy that was now about to run over me. I couldn’t get up. I was paralyzed with fear.





Acknowledgments

I would like to thank my sisters, Debbie and Brenda, and my mom for being my guinea pigs and reading this for me. Their input was a great help.
And also to my mother-in-law, Donna, for doing the pre-edit and for our phone editing sessions. I couldn’t have done it without you.
And again to my husband, Brad, and children, Josh and Megan, for not complaining about all my time away from them while I wrote. 
And a final thanks to Aryra for being the model; you look great.



About the Author


Christina Smith is a wife and mother of two, who lives in a small rural town in Ontario, Canada where she spends most of her free time writing. 

Look for her newest novel, Riley’s Curse, coming soon.



