
This is a work of fiction.  All characters and events portrayed in this work are either fictitious or are used fictitiously.  Any similarity is purely coincidental
This book contains mature content and is solely for adults.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, transmitted in any form or by any means without prior written permission of the publisher.  The rights of the authors of this work has been asserted by him/her in accordance with the Copyright, Designs, and Patents Act 1988.

Cover Photo provided by Big Stock Photo

Copyright © 2015 Mindy Wilde
All rights reserved.



Dear Readers,
Thank you for purchasing this ebook.  Hopefully you will enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it!  At the end of this story you will find two bonus stories Crave Part One and Training (Billionaire Submission Part 1).
If enjoy the book please consider leaving a review.  Thank you so much!

XOXO,
Mindy Wilde

Find me at:
www.mindywilde.com
www.facebook.com/mindywilderomance
twitter.com/mindywilde

You can sign up for my monthly new release mailing lists:
Mindy Wilde Mailing List


Prologue
Prologue
The questions flooded over me and I felt my body begin to tremble.  Instead of anticipating his touch all I could think of now was everything that might go wrong.
Oh god, what had I done?
Maybe I should just go?
I need to stop this now before it gets any worse.
Then…his touch.
My mind came to a screeching halt as the sensation of his fingers commanded all of my attention.
I felt the weight of his body compress the mattress next to me.  He didn’t say a word.
The fingers that now rested on my cheek began to travel along the curve of my jaw and down my neck.
Goosebumps exploded on every inch of my skin.
His hand continued it’s journey across my shoulders and down my chest, eventually tracing every inch of my exposed curves.
I felt my mouth go dry as the lips between my legs became wet.
Never touching the hardened, sensitive nipples that yearned for attention, his fingers instead began their journey down the soft trembling skin of my stomach.  My abdomen flexed in response.  I could feel the heat of each individual finger as they crossed the boundary at my waist and headed towards an area rarely touched by any other man.
I reflexively squirmed, anticipating the trajectory of his touch.
His hand traveled slightly to the side, skipping my most sensitive lips.  His fingers lingered, only inches from the now soaking mound that screamed for attention.
A brush…then another.
His fingers lightly slid across my slit causing a massive firing of nerve impulses throughout my body.
“Ohhh…” I moaned in sexual frustration as my lack of sight and the slow deliberate nature of his touch tortured me.
Instinctually, I reached up to grab onto him, to hold him.
My hand was quickly snatched by a firm grip and pressed back into the bed.  The mood in the room felt as though it had suddenly and dramatically shifted.
* * *
Four weeks earlier…

“Well fuck.” I said out loud to no one in particular.
It was September and a chill had settled into the Northwoods autumn air.  The leaves on the trees that circled the lake had mostly fallen but a brilliant selection of colors still clung to some of the branches.  
The lightweight polar fleece jacket I had put on was not doing the trick so I crossed my arms in an attempt to keep warm against the rapidly falling temperature.  The sun was low in the sky and soon it would be dark.  A soft black micro-fiber fleece would not be enough to keep me warm if the forecasts were correct.  It was going to hit almost freezing tonight and I was out on a boat in the middle of a lake with nothing more than a fall-weight jacket.
I just stared at the water as the ashes clung to the surface.  The sight reminded me of what I learned last semester in Professor Linn’s chemistry class.  The tension created by hydrogen at a water’s surface was surprisingly strong and is what enabled all those bugs to walk across it during the warm summer months.  
This time it was not bugs that refused to be consumed by the cold depths of Lake Tomahawk.  Instead, it was something I desperately wished would sink.  It was something too painful to linger.  The ashes that floated on the surface of the lake next to the borrowed ski boat were all that was left of my family.  Watching them slowly absorb water, gaining weight, and then sinking beneath the surface brought the last month of my life to a close.  
The past thirty days had been a whirlwind of crying, condolences, funerals, and baked lasagne which everyone seemed to think I needed to get through my loss.  I had enough frozen pasta to last me the rest of the year but what I didn’t have was anyone to share it with.  My mother and father were gone and I was alone in the world.
If that wasn’t enough, I had spent the last two weeks finding out the only thing left for me to remember them by was a debt that I could not possibly pay.  As a college student I had no job and no resources except a beater of a car and mounting student loans of my own.  My entire family was gone and the only thing that I had left of them and of our life as a family was that cabin.  That beautiful warm collection of logs and stone that stood on a hillside overlooking Tomahawk lake.  
My parents never had much but they did work hard to provide a good life for me.  Once I left the house for college they finally decided to take the plunge and live out the dream that they shared for so long.  It had been almost a year since they sold everything and moved up north, buying the small log cabin on this lake that meant so much.  
Dad had spent most of his childhood summers on Lake Tomahawk where his parents would rent a small cabin with some friends.  He loved this lake and it is also the place where he found the love of his life.  One summer while in high school my dad literally bumped into my mom while swimming across the lake.  Mom had been kayaking and my father had not been paying enough attention to look up during his strokes.  According to them it was love at first sight, if you believe in that kind of thing.
Now here I was returning them to the lake where it all began.  The only proof of all that history was me and that cabin which I had been told would soon be gone.
My parents had scraped together enough money for the downpayment but there was a large mortgage on the property.  This would normally not have been a problem but my parents, despite a strong work ethic, were not the most organized people in the world and had missed a payment on their life insurance policy.  Despite my pleas and many, many tears the insurance company would not budge.  They saw their “get out of jail free” card and took it so I would not be getting a dime from the insurance my parents had paid into most of their adult life.
Even though there was no other debt on the estate, the property around Lake Tomahawk was expensive. This small modest cabin carried a mortgage balance of over three hundred thousand dollars.  I was college student, with loans of my own, and no income that I could use pay the bills.  If I did sell the cabin I wasn’t even sure what I was going to do with all my family’s belongings, which I so desperately wanted to keep.
The walls were constructed of dark honey brown stained logs and contained inside their protection was every picture, home video, and personal possession that my family had accumulated over a lifetime.  Even if I wanted to, there was no way I could afford a storage unit big enough to hold it all.  It looked as though I had not only lost my family but I was going to lose all proof that our family ever existed.
My parents had no brothers and sisters.  Their parents had all passed away.  I had no one to turn to.  I had no one to ask for help.
As I watched the last of the ashes finally descend into the cold crystal clear water I realized that life as I knew it was over.
* * *
I turned the ignition of the boat back on and pointed the bow towards shore.  Pushing the throttle forward I felt the wind dance over the windshield and across the tears streaming down my face.  I wiped them away with my sleeve and focused on trying to stem the flow.  There was no more time to be sad and to feel sorry for myself.  That time had passed.
The wind rustling through the remaining leaves caused them to dance and flicker like red and yellow flames of a fire.  The sight reminded me just how much I loved this place.  I didn’t want to lose it but there was just nothing I could do.  Even if I quit college and moved up here to live in the cabin I could never find a job that paid enough to cover the mortgage and expenses.  
I needed to face the fact that I was fucked.
Tomorrow I would need to start going through all of my parents possessions to see what I could keep.  Then I would need to contact a realtor and get the process moving before another mortgage payment arrived that I could not pay.  
This of course was just the tip of the iceberg when it came to figuring everything out.
“Oh fuck!” I yelled when I realized that the very boat I was riding in needed to be returned.  
The ski boat I had driven to the center of the lake in order to spread my family’s ashes was actually owned by another family, the Archer’s.  They owned what seemed like half the lake and my mother had recently become friends with Ellen Archer.  Since all my parents had been able to afford was a stripped down and heavily used pontoon boat, Ellen had insisted that our family borrow one of their ski boats for the summer.
For anyone else this would have probably seemed like a grand gesture of friendship but for the Archer’s borrowing a boat would be like borrowing a baking dish.  They had a dock with seven slips and seven different kind of watercraft to fill them.
Mr. Archer had inherited a small commercial contracting company from his father and went on to grow it into a multi-billion dollar corporation that works around the world.  I didn’t really know any of them except by reputation but they seemed like decent people.  I knew the Archer’s had a few kids that were a bit older than me but I didn’t know any of their names. 
As the boat closed in on our shore line, I slowed down and lined up the bow to our dock.  Nudging the throttle forward gently, the boat drifted into the end of the pier at a forty-five degrees angle.  Just when it looked like the fiberglass hull was going to strike I nudged the throttle into reverse and the boat’s stern pulled in gently towards the dock.  I killed the throttle and grabbed a rope.  One foot stepped on the seat while the other launched over the short walls of the boat and onto the wooden planks of the pier.
The boat gently kissed the side of the dock and I tied it off.  It looked like my final cruise would end with my best docking ever.
* * *
With a bottle of wine and a blanket over my lap I sat by the outdoor fire.  It was cold, too cold really to be doing a bonfire outside tonight but I figured…fuck it.  There would be no better weather to wait for.  This was my last chance to experience all the things I enjoyed about this place.  Granted, my mother would have frowned on the wine consumption given that I was still technically underage to be drinking it, but my father would have looked the other way. 
I threw another log on the already roaring flames and took a swig from the exceptionally cold glass of cabernet sauvignon I was holding.  I made sure to add cuts of pine to the hardwoods already burning.  There was just something about the smell of burning pine in the Northwoods that I loved.  
I decided that tomorrow I would return the boat first thing in the morning and then go find a realtor to sell the cabin.  After that, I would pack the things that I could fit into the trunk of my car and sell the cabin as-is.  There was no more point in me trying to save a life that no longer existed.  The new owners could keep what they wanted and throw out the rest.
“Ouch,” I said as I grabbed at my jaw.
Though I had been trying to act tough this week, my body was protesting my pseudo-strength by unconscious tooth grinding.
The normally calming effect of a flickering fire and the sweet earthy warm of the red wine did not seem to be working this evening.  Realizing that I needed to take a different approach I did the only logical thing that I could think to do.  I got up from the log bench next to the fire, turned towards the cabin, and headed back inside directly for the liquor cabinet that I knew was well stocked.
It looked like I was going to need a little something stronger to take the edge off tonight.


Chapter 1
Shit!
The pain was intense as the sun sliced through the windows and bored into my booze rattled brain.  I wasn’t sure what time it was, but I knew that I was really hung-over and that I had forgotten to close the blinds.
The thought of getting out of the bed was equally as horrible as letting that light continue to penetrate my eyelids.  Eventually, in a stroke of brilliance I realized the cloaking power of my thick Northwoods themed quilt and pulled it up over my head.  This provided the darkness my mind needed to slip back into another two hours of recuperative sleep.
When my brain next slipped back into consciousness I looked at the clock and realized it was almost lunch.
“Fuck…”
The words slipped past my lips as I realized all I had on my to-do list.  Today was going to suck anyways and adding a hangover was definitely not going to help.
I stumbled out of the bed and into the bathroom.  As the shower gathered steam I brushed my teeth and tried to suppress the rumbling in my stomach.  At this point I wasn’t sure whether I was hungry or ready to throw up but I didn’t want to find out.  The toothpaste and mouthwash helped and by the time I stepped into the shower the main complaint I had was a headache.
After getting my body cleaned up from the previous day I stayed in the shower, emerged in the steam, until the hot-water heater ran dry.  By the time I was dressed I almost felt normal, whatever that was these days.
It was lunchtime now and the first order of business was to return that boat.  The Archer’s lived in Chicago for work and spent their weekends at the lake.  I wasn’t sure if they would be at their cabin this weekend but I hoped they wouldn’t be.  The past month had been a deluge of hugs and well wishes from neighbors and strangers.  I was emotionally tapped out and would rather just drop off the boat without having to engage with more people I barely knew as they awkwardly tried to comfort me.
* * *
The boat started right up despite the cool temperatures and after untying the ropes I set off for the other side of the lake.  The Archers owned what seemed like twenty-five percent of the shoreline on this rather large lake.  I had heard rumors from others that the Archer family had actually bought up thousands of acres surrounding this small Northwoods town to prevent anyone from developing it and taking away that small town charm.
“Sure must be nice.” I mumbled to myself as I thought about what I would do with millions or billions of dollars.  I wondered just how much the Archer’s were worth.  The more I thought about the Archers the more envious I became.  The thought of all they had and the thought of all I lost did nothing but piss me off, even though I realized it wasn’t justified.  The Archers had earned their fortune and all the rewards that came with it.
“Shut the fuck up,” I yelled at myself aloud.
“Quit feeling sorry for yourself.”
I had never been one to dwell on what I didn’t have.  I worked damn hard for everything I had in my life just like my parents had done.  However, as I thought to the future and just how much harder everything was going to be I couldn’t help but think of all that I had lost.  Then, as the Archer’s log mansion came into view I felt that same envious sensation rise inside me and it became too hard to suppress.
* * *
Their dock currently had two slips available.  I picked the farthest one to the left and easily slid the ski-boat into place.
It was hard not to sit in awe of the palace the Archer’s had built.  From the three story tall glass wall overlooking the lake to the floatplane hanger next to the dock, this family really did have it all.
I tied the bow and stern snugly to the cleats and then double-checked the boat.  I wasn’t sure if they were up North right now or when they would be getting back to their cabin but I wanted to make sure the boat was secure for them when they arrived.  The last thing I needed was to owe one of the richest families in Chicago money for damaging their boat.
When I was finally satisfied that the boat was secure I set off up the long staircase that led to their cabin and the road back home.  The stairway cut back and forth up the hill and had many well appointed landings on which you could sit and enjoy the view.  It probably took me ten minutes to get to the top but when I was finally there I proceeded to take the pathway around the cabin towards the driveway.  
Their property was quiet, exceptionally quiet.  The entire Northwoods was quiet compared to Chicago but with the amount of property the Archer’s owned there was a sound buffer that was quite pronounced.  Normally there would be the sound of ski boats pulling young screaming kids around the lake in their tubes and birds chirping as they bounced from branch to branch in the trees.  With the cold air settling into the North and the leaves already falling away, the city dwellers had all shut down their second homes for the winter and the animals were starting to do the same.
When I finally made it around the large perimeter of the cabin and saw the driveway it was not empty like I had hoped.  There were several cars parked on the pad and I froze, debating what I should do.  The right thing was to go knock on the door and let them know I had returned the boat.  I should go and thank them profusely for their generosity but I just didn’t think I was up to having the same conversation yet again.
I didn’t want to hear how sorry everyone was and how it was God’s plan or that they were in a better place.  People get very strange around those who have lost someone.  Right when you need people to be normal and add some consistency to your life they go off on a quest to somehow find the perfect words to comfort you and make everything better.
The fact was there is nothing that anyone can say to make things better.  Sometimes life sucks and you get dealt a really shitty hand.  It would be much better if everyone could just acknowledge that and move on but they can’t.
I looked at the door and then back up the long winding driveway.  It occurred to me that there had been a flaw in my hasty planning.  I had totally forgotten that I wouldn’t have a car to get home once I returned the boat.  Tomahawk was a large lake and I had no idea how long of a hike I had in front of me to get back to my cabin.
Despite this sudden realization I determined there was no way that I could go knock on that door.  I just needed to go.  They would find their boat and no matter how long of a walk back it was, it would be better if I went ahead and started the trek.
I quietly walked past the parked cars, hugging as closely as I could to the trees that lined the driveway.  Once clear of the car pad I hurried down the crushed gravel path towards the main road.  I had made it almost halfway when I saw a car turn off the road and start heading towards me.
“Shit!”
For a moment I contemplated running off into the woods and hoping I had not been spotted but that proved to be futile as a horn lightly honked to let me know I had been spotted.
The car slowed as it approached me until it pulled up along side my position and the window rolled down.
“Um, excuse me.  Can I…”
I saw a look of recognition cross the woman’s face.
“Oh my god…Emma?”
I had never met her before but I am sure my mother had showed her pictures.
Ms. Archer parked the car and jumped out, embracing me in an unsolicited hug.  We stood there silently for a few moments before she finally loosened her grip.
“I just heard about what happened to your parents.  Are you ok?  What are you doing here?  Is there something I can help you with?”
Her look of concern was genuine and she seemed very sweet but I still felt the overwhelming urge to run.
“Oh no, it’s ok Mrs. Archer.  I just came by to return the boat you let me parents borrow this summer.  That was incredibly kind of you guys.”
“Oh dear…you didn’t have to do that.  You have enough to think about right now.”
She looked me up and down as if assessing my condition.
“Come down to the house with me and let me make you some lunch.”
I was starving as the hangover faded from my body but I still did not feel like getting sucked into another pity party.
“No…really…it’s ok Mrs. Archer.  I am just going to walk back to the cabin and start boxing things up.”
Mrs. Archer’s face looked shocked.
“Emma dear, your cabin must be over ten miles from here.  You can’t walk all that way.”
I frowned as the realization of the distance solidified in my mind.  I responded again, although this time in a much more hesitant tone.
“Oh, that’s ok.  I like to walk and think. I could probably use the exercise anyways.”
“Absolutely not, I won’t hear of it.  Now come back to our place and let me fix you something.”
There seemed to be little use in fighting her so I relented.  I walked back to the cabin while she parked her car and I tried to steel myself against the onslaught of comforting that I knew was coming.


Chapter 2
Walking through the large oversized doorway into the sweepingly huge foyer was breathtaking.  This place was not so much a cabin as a log palace.  The foyer looked directly through the living room and out the three story glass wall that lined the back of the home.  Throughout the open floor-plan there were enormous thick pillars or more accurately whole trees that were being used to hold up the massive weight of it’s construction.
“Let me take your jacket dear.” Mrs. Archer said as she opened the coat closet to my left.  I did as I was told and handed her my fleece.  There was no need for it in this place because despite it’s vast size, the home was extremely warm and decorated with a cozy feel.  Given the amazingly even warmth in this cavernous space I assumed they must have radiant floor heating throughout as well as an industrial strength HVAC system.  I couldn’t even imagine what it would cost to keep something this size warm during the sub-zero winter months of the Northwoods.
“Come, follow me into the kitchen and I will get us something to drink.”
I followed Mrs. Archer down a hallway and into a room that was about the size of our entire cabin.  There was an amazingly appointed cooking area. Every appliance and cabinet handle blended into the woodsy theme that ran throughout the house.  Towards the middle of the room was a large table that appeared to also have been carved from logs.  An elaborate antler chandelier hung over the table and beyond that appeared to be a separate breakfast nook area that was almost entirely encased in glass and had a perfect view out onto the lake.
“So what do you drink?” Mrs. Archer asked.
I froze thinking of how to respond.  At this point I could really go for something stiff to take the edge off my nervousness but since I was still underage I felt like I needed to respond appropriately.
“Anything is fine.  Maybe a Coke?”
Ms. Archer’s face broke out into a mischievous smile.
“Nonsense Emma.  If there is anyone in this world right now that deserves a stiff drink it is you.  Let me fix you up something my mother used to make me.”
She set to work pulling all sorts of supplies from the cabinets and I turned back to stare out the windows.  I couldn’t believe that this was it.  This might well be the last time I look out over Lake Tomahawk.  The dream that my parents had worked so hard for, the cabin that they had finally been able to build just one year ago.  Now, it was all gone.  
I then thought about what I was going to return to at school.  The truth was that I still wasn’t sure what to major in.  I had been bouncing around the university for a year and a half now and I wasn’t any closer to figuring out what I wanted to do with my life.  It had been a luxury before, trying to find something I loved, something I was passionate about.  Now that was all going to change.
As soon as I returned I needed to figure out what I must do to survive.  I was racking up loans quickly but there would be no parents to turn to once I got out for help.  I was going to leave the school tens of thousands of dollars in debt and I needed to figure out a plan on what career would allow me to pay all of that back.  I needed security, that is if the bank would even continue lending me money.  I had qualified for those loans with my parents as co-signors.  Now that they were gone and I was left without a penny to my name I might have to figure out a different path to take.
“Ok Emma,” Ms. Archer said as she returned with our drinks. “If nothing else, this should warm you up a bit on this cold autumn day.”
I took a sip.  Too big a sip.
My hand flew up to cover my mouth as I tried not to spit out the stiff concoction.  It was sweet and flavorful but also tasted strong enough to be flammable.
I finally managed to get the liquid down my throat as Mrs. Archer chuckled.  
“That was my response the first time I tried it as well but it grows on you.  This is a true woodsman punch with a kick. “
I took a second, much smaller sip.  I had never tasted anything quite like it before but I really enjoyed the flavor.
“Thank you so much Mrs. Archer.”
“Oh please, call me Ellen,” she responded.
“I am sorry that I didn’t get to meet you this summer.  Your mother said that you needed to stay at school and work on some coursework.”
I nodded.  The truth was that after yearning to be independent my whole childhood I decided to stay at college during the summer and keep my freedom.  I now regretted that decision.  What I wouldn’t give for the opportunity to live under my parents oppressive rules right now.  My parents had been a bit overprotective but if I was being honest they had been pretty fair with me.  I had just wanted to grow up so fast and now here I was, all alone, and wishing I could just be a kid again.
“Your mother and I met earlier this summer at the Lake Tomahawk community picnic.  She was an amazing woman and I really enjoyed her company.  I am terribly sorry for your loss.”
I had heard that phrase one too many times over the past month but coming from her it sounded sincere.
“Your father was a good man too.  We had a lot of fun with them on the lake this summer.”
My mind wandered, thinking about all the memories I missed by staying at school.  I wished I had been here.  If I had only known that it would be my last opportunity.
“So how long are you here for?” Mrs. Archer asked as I sipped again on her especially intoxicating brew.
“Today is my last day.  I just have a few things to take care of and then I will be driving back to school.”
I took another, this time longer sip from the woodsy cocktail.
We sat chatting for a few more minutes before she asked “So Emma, I have an idea.  If it is ok with you I would like to have my son Erik drive you home.  I know that the cabin is new to your family and there are things you should do before the cold winter weather hits.  Erik can make sure that you are all set over there and show you how to maintain everything.”
I thought about telling her I was selling it and about all the financial trouble I was in but then thought better of it.
“That’s ok.  I am sure I’ll be fine.”
Mrs. Archer was not easily dissuaded.
“Please Emma, it would make me feel better.  He can do any heavy lifting you might need done as well.”
I examined her face and quickly realized that fighting her was pointless.
“Ok, thanks Mrs…thanks Ellen, that would be nice.”
“Great.  Erik should be back shortly, he is just out for a run.”
Ellen and I continued to reminisce as we talked about my parents.  One glass turned into two and by the end of it my head was feeling nice and buzzed.
Then I heard the clicking of a knob and the swoosh of a door opening.
* * *
“Honey?”
“Yes Mom?”
“Come here a minute, will you?” Mrs. Archer yelled across the house.
I heard his footsteps approach and I swallowed the last of my drink.  It was time to head back to the cabin and face the inevitable loss that was coming.
“Hey Mom.” A rich, almost baritone voice said as a man emerged from the hallway.
“Holy shit!” I screamed inside my own head as I looked upon one of the most beautiful men I had ever seen.
Despite the outside chill I could see the sweat glistening on his well toned skin.  Erik was trim but seemed to carry a substantial amount of well built muscle.  His dark hair was tousled in a magnetically attractive way.
His eyes switched from his mother to me and I felt them penetrate my slightly intoxicated body.  My legs tingled and I averted my gaze, staring down into my now empty cup.  Maybe it was the “happy juice” Mrs. Archer had given me but Erik was one of the most gorgeous men I had ever seen.
“Erik this is Emma Adams from across the lake.”
Erik’s expression shifted and it became obvious that he knew my tale.  
“She needs a lift back to her place and I was wondering if you could check it over to make sure everything is secure for the winter before she leaves.”
I looked back up and met Erik’s fixed gaze.  His expression was nondescript and masked his thoughts.  I wasn’t sure if he was upset with the task his mother had given him or was feeling pity for me.
“Sure Mom.  Emma, let me just shower off and I will be right with you.”
“Um…sure…thanks.”
Erik’s expression never changed as he turned and set off for the bedroom upstairs.
“Well, now that Erik is here I am going to head into town to run some errands.  Here, I want you to take this.”
Mrs. Archer scribbled on a small piece of paper and handed it to me.
“That is my cell phone number.  I know we don’t know each other but if you need anything please don’t hesitate to call.”
“Thank you.” I said as I took the paper and shoved it into my pocket.  Mrs. Archer wrapped her arms around me and pulled me in for a big hug.  She may have been ridiculously wealthy and a stranger to me, but I could tell that she was kind and genuinely a good person.
She took one last look at me after releasing me from her embrace.  Then she turned around and headed out the garage door and I was left alone to wander around this cavernous log castle on my own.
* * *
I headed out into the great room and looked up at the incredibly high ceiling.  It was made from knotty pine planks and had gigantic log beams stretched across it’s length.  In the center was an antler chandelier that must have been twenty feet wide with hundreds of small lights illuminating the room.  
Behind and above me was a open walkway that functioned as the upstairs hallway.  Small log beams formed a handrail and through the spindles beneath it I could make out the light coming from Erik’s room.  If I listened closely I could hear the shower.
The sound was interrupted from it’s steady flow as water bounced off and cascaded down Erik’s naked body.  I closed my eyes and imagined what it would be like to be up there now.  My troubles seemed to fade away the more detailed my fantasies became.
I was single but didn’t often find myself so distracted by men.  I was too busy trying to figure out the rest of my life to worry about it much.  
But Erik…
It had been awhile sense such explicit dreams played out in my mind.  This of course was all the more inappropriate because he was obviously older than me but still…
The world was now nothing but background noise.  I was up in that room, in that shower with him.  The build-up of steam causing both our bodies to sweat.
He put his hands on my face, using his fingers to wipe the beading perspiration from my forehead.   I let my fingers wander from his chest down to what I imagine could only be an incredibly tight and well defined abdomen.  
His excitement brushes against my hand and I decide to look down to take in his engorged cock.
My eyes scan his chest, his ab’s, the tan-line just below his waist and…
“Emma.”
“Holy shit,” I yelp as my eyes open and I see Erik standing on the landing above me.  He is wrapped in nothing but a towel and even at this distance I can make out beads of water trickling down his torso.  If I just took a few more steps forward I might have the angle to see…
“Emma?”
“Um…yes…sorry…I…I just was…um…thinking.”
I felt mortified and I am sure that a flush face betrayed me.  For the first time I saw Erik’s face break into a smile.
“Have you had lunch yet?”
“Um…no, not yet.  I just had some drinks with your mom.”
He chuckled.
“Mom likes to mix them strong so we better get something in that stomach of yours.  Let me just finish getting ready and I will take you out for lunch before we head back to your place.  Is that ok?”
“Sure, sounds great.”
Erik retreated back into his room and I finally remembered to breathe.  I wasn’t sure what the hell had come over me but Erik seemed to have an effect on my body and mind like no-one ever had before.
The embarrassment was overwhelming but I spent the rest of the time trying to convince myself that he didn’t see anything.  I tried to convince myself that there was nothing wrong with standing in the middle of a strangers house facing the room where they are showering with your eyes closed…yep…totally normal.


Chapter 3
When Erik finally did come down the stairs, my hard fought composure went out the window.  He looked even more sexy now in his flannel shirt and jeans then he had looked before with just a towel.  I couldn’t figure out why this guy had me so worked up but I figured it had something to do with the horrible month I had just been through combined with whatever Mrs. Archer had put in that drink.
“Alright, you ready to go?” Erik asked as his eyes subdued me.
“Yes,” to anything and everything he might ask of me.
Erik led me through the front door and out to a black SUV he had parked in the driveway.  We hopped up into the car and the large V8 engine roared to life.  Erik flipped on the heat warmers and adjusted the thermostat.  Oh what I wouldn’t give for a car like this, my air-conditioning and heat barely functioned anymore.  Although, as I felt the engine rumbling beneath my feet I realized that not only could I not afford the car but I could not even afford the gas to feed it.
With the truck slipped into drive we headed up the crushed granite driveway and onto the pine tree lined road that would take us into town.
“I am sorry to hear about your parents Emma.  How are you holding up?”
“Oh…I’m fine.”
There was silence until I finally looked over and saw Erik staring at me.
“Seriously, how are you doing?”
“Well I…”
I wasn’t sure quite how to answer him.  In addition, I barely knew this man sitting next to me and it felt inappropriate to unload the shit-storm that was my life on him.
“Well…to be honest…I am fucking awful.”
I was surprised by my own candor.
“Every fucking thing that can go wrong has and I don’t know what the hell I am going to do.”
I looked down at the floor of the car feeling particularly vulnerable at that moment.
“Well then, I would say it sounds like a good day to go have lunch at Callahan’s.”
I looked back up at him and was met by a smile and a wink.  Callahan’s was the best hole-in-the-wall drinking establishment that was known for their greasy food and stiff cocktails.
“That sounds great, thanks.”
Erik tuned the radio to the local hits station and we drove the rest of the way without speaking.  After a severe morning hangover followed by Mrs. Archer’s cocktails, I was definitely ready for some greasy food in my rather empty stomach.
* * *
It was an off weekend up in the Northwoods since the Chicago area schools were back in session.  This weekend it was locals, retired couples, and people who’s family just died that inhabited this small sleepy town.  With that being the case we were able to snag a great parking spot right in front of Callahan’s.  
After grabbing a seat at the bar the bartender came over and I knew exactly what I wanted.
“What can I get for you two?”
My mouth was already watering just thinking about it.
“Can I have the patty melt fully loaded with a shot of whiskey and whatever amber beer you have on tap.”
Erik smiled at me, seeming amused at my order.
“Go ahead and make that two.” He responded to the bartender.
“Well, a woman that knows what she wants.”
“Hardly.” I responded with a roll of the eyes.
“Really.  You seemed pretty sure about that whiskey.”
“It helps numb the fact that I am about to lose everything.”
Erik got quiet for a moment, seeming to contemplate my response.  He decided to probe further.
“I am really sorry about your family but I get the sense that there is more going on.  Do you want to talk about it?”
I was hesitant to delve into my problems with this strange, wealthy, and unbelievably hot man sitting next to me.  My mind hemmed and hawed as I consider what to divulge.  Just then, I was interrupted by the bartender setting down a pair of whiskey shots and two frosted beer mugs, glowing red, by the amber ale contained within.
Erik reached for his shot glass and raised it toward me in toast.  I grabbed my shot glass and did the same.
“Here’s to numbing the pain,” Erik said with a smirk on his face.
“Cheers,” I responded, clinking the glass and downing the liquid fire.
I savored the burn as it traveled over my tongue and down my throat.  It wasn’t until I felt it reach my stomach that I lifted the frosty glass of beer and rinsed my mouth with liquid hops.
The liquor, or the action of drinking it, seemed to suddenly loosen me up.
“Fuck it.  The truth is that not only did my parents die but they forgot to pay their life insurance bill so now I am left with nothing but debts.  I am in school with loans of my own and just enough part-time income to pay for gas. My parents left everything they own in that cabin and I don’t have enough money to cover even one of their mortgage payments.”
I took another swig of my beer.
“So it looks like I am going to lose the cabin, most of the stuff in it, and my family all in the same month.  When I head back to college all I will have is some pictures, a cabin I need to sell quickly before another payment is due, extensive school loans, and a car that is ready to break down at a moments notice.”
I looked at the beer again and then decided to drain the whole thing.  The cold beer felt good and slid down my throat easily.  Then, a little loud and obnoxiously, I yelled for the bartender.
“Another round please!”
The rest of the meal was a bit of a blur as I downed multiple whiskey shots and mugs of beer.  The greasy food tasted great and before I knew it my sexy “knight in shining armor” was carrying me to the car.
Erik rolled down the window so the poor drunk girl could get some cool fresh air.  It took about ten minutes to get back to my cabin and by the time we arrived I was feeling pretty socially lubricated.  I had forgotten all about my problems and instead could only seem to focus on the young wealthy stud I had sitting next to me.
He opened his door and walked around to help me out.  My mind flashed back to his dripping wet naked torso.  
Oh how I wish I could have been in that shower.
“Ok, let’s get you inside.”
He opened my door and put his arm around me.  We walked up the two steps leading to the screen porch.  Somehow I managed not to trip and fall.  The world was beginning to spin and I was thankful that Erik had me in his grip.
The door was unlocked and after pulling it open we proceeded inside.
I was getting more drunk by the second.  How much had I had to drink?
Everything was a bit of a blur except the slight stubble on his face.  
I stared at this subtle beard which led my eyes to his lips.  Oh his lips.
They looked so fucking kissable and the longer I stared, the more my body compelled me forward.
Erik said something that I couldn’t make out.
I was lost in a trance.
Suddenly, without thinking, my body pushed forward and my lips landed squarely on his.
They were so warm and soft.  I felt my nipples tighten and my body continued to push into his.
His lips responded, enveloping mine with eagerness.
A tongue.
A hand sliding down my back.
Then…then…blackness.


Chapter 4
I woke up the next morning with another killer headache.  My head was still spinning a little and it took a moment to get my bearings.
“OH SHIT!”
The realization of what I had done last night came rushing into my brain.  Things had become a bit fuzzy after lunch but I definitely remembered that kiss.  
“Oh no.  What the hell did I do?”
I didn’t remember anything.  How the hell did I end up in bed?  What happened after that kiss?
Using my fingers I tried to rub my forehead and alleviate the pain but was unsuccessful.  Reluctantly, I slid out from underneath the covers and headed to the bathroom to get some Ibuprofen for my headache.
I was grateful to find when I stood up that I was still wearing my clothes from yesterday.  Whatever had happened, at least I had kept my clothes on.
After swallowing the pain pills and getting my bearings back I decided to head downstairs to the kitchen.  The master bedroom opened out into a small loft overlooking the living room.  I peered out of the door slowly to confirm I was alone and when I was certain the coast was clear I proceeded down the stairs.  As I stepped off the last stair and turned the corner towards the kitchen I saw two notes had been left on the island.  
One note looked like a checklist of some sort and the other one looked to be a letter.  I picked up the letter and began to read.

Emma,
I looked through the cabin and made sure that everything was ready for the winter.  I also wrote out a checklist for you so that you will know what to do in the future.  I had a great time at lunch and hope you were able to have a long restful sleep.  Call me if there if you need anything. - Erik

Below the note he had written his phone number.  I thought about calling him to apologize but I couldn’t bring myself to have that conversation.  My sober mind was mortified at what I had done and I couldn’t bear to talk about it with him.  I just needed to get everything done and get the hell out of here.  
With my unexpected intoxication yesterday I had slept right through the chores I needed to accomplish.  I was already going to be late getting back to school and I couldn’t afford to screw up that part of my life as well.  I needed to finish boxing up the belongings I wanted to take and find a realtor to list the cabin.
It was going to be a tough day to get through with a hangover and so I started the coffee pot with an extra strong brew.
* * *
After breakfast and several cups of highly caffeinated coffee, I stepped outside to find the temperature had dropped quite a bit.  My car was barely running as it was, and it seemed to have a particularly hard time in the cold. I decided a preheat was in order before heading into town.
As I opened the door and slid into the drivers seat it appeared that my car had a different idea of what it was going to do today.  I pushed the key into the ignition and gave it a turn.
Nothing.
I tried again.
Nothing.
I took a moment to think about what I was doing wrong.  Had I left the lights on?  Was the car not in park?  Everything I looked to fix ended up already being in the correct position.
“Come on baby…please…not today.”
I tried again but did not even get a token crank.  My car was as dead as a doornail and I wasn’t going anywhere.
Running back inside I picked up my phone and began to call local car mechanics.  Unfortunately for me things run a little differently in the remote Northwoods during this time a year.  With all the summer crowds from Chicago having gone back to work and school, the locals adjust their work hours accordingly.
Each number I tried ended up with in voicemail or a message saying essentially they were shut down for hunting, fishing, or just because.  I became more desperate with each dial of the phone and eventually gave up on fixing my car.  I decided at this point to just get a cab so that I might make it to town.  Yet again, with every number I dialed I was met with a machine.
Our sleepy little Northwoods town had apparently gone into hibernation and I was abandoned to fend for myself.  Most of the cabins around our lake were owned by Chicagoan’s as vacation homes which meant that all of my neighbors would not be home.  I didn’t know any of the few locals that did live on the lake year round and so I sat there in my kitchen feeling alone and defeated.
Just as I was about to completely lose my shit and burst out crying my eyes caught sight of the note…and of his number.
An internal battle raged in my mind as I debated having to face him again.  It was the obvious solution but my embarrassment was profound.  I grabbed the piece of paper and stared intently at the number, hoping for a solution to appear.
Eventually desperation overcame fear, and I decided it was time to call the only one I knew that might be able to help.
* * *
Although mortifying, it was so good to hear his voice again.  Erik had answered on the second ring and the tone of his voice was soothing.  He acted as if nothing had happened last night, so much so that I almost questioned my memories of the event.
I heard the crush of gravel outside and knew that he had arrived.  I grabbed my jacket and walked out onto the porch to greet him.
“Hi Erik, I’m so sorry.”
“Not a problem.” He responded with a smile.
“I’m just glad you caught me this morning since I am leaving tonight.”
For some reason those words made my stomach drop.  I wasn’t sure exactly why I felt this way.  There was nothing between us.  He was all but a stranger to me…yet the thought of him leaving made me profoundly sad.
“So, do you have the keys?”
“Oh…yes…sorry…let me get them.”
I ran back inside and grabbed them off the counter and then returned to the dead scrap of metal that was my transportation.
“Let’s try jumping it first to see what we are dealing with.”
Erik pulled cables from the back of his car and after popping both hoods attached them to the appropriate connectors.”
“Let’s just give it a minute before you try and crank it.”
“Ok.” I responded as I found myself uncontrollably staring at him again.
“So, how did you sleep?” Erik asked with a wink.
“Oh good lord.  I am so sorry about yesterday.  I don’t know what happened.  It was just…”
Erik cut me off with the wave of his hand.
“It’s ok Emma.  You have had a rather interesting month and you deserved to blow off a little steam.  Besides…I got something out of it too,” he said with a smile.
It was silent for an uncomfortably long time as I digested what he had just said.
“Ok, why don’t you give it a shot.”
It took me a moment to snap out of my lustful haze but finally I realized he was talking about the car.
“Oh, yes…of course.”
I slid back into the front seat and tried to turn the key.
Nothing.
“Are you turning the key?” Erik yelled from behind the hood.”
“Yes.” I yelled back out the open car door.
“Well that’s not good.  Why don’t you go back inside and get warm while I look at what we have here.”
“Are you sure?  I can stay here with you.”
“It’s ok Emma.  Tell you what, why don’t you go ahead and brew a pot of coffee and I will join you inside as soon as I get a handle on this.”
His expression was commanding and I felt like I would do whatever he asked of me.
“Ok.  I will see you inside.”
I turned back to walk into the warmth of the cabin and marveled at the power he had over me.  I had always been independent to a fault but when I was with him I had this strange feeling of wanting to submit.  I wasn’t sure if it was his looks, his piercing gaze, or just my own fucked up brain that seemed to be melting down this week.  Either way, I was glad he was here.


Chapter 5
“Well it’s dead.” Erik said as he slid off his jacket and I fixed him a cup of coffee.
“Yes, I know.  That’s why I called you.”
He chuckled.
“No…I mean it is dead, as in never coming back.  Frankly I am surprised that you kept it running this long.  That car needs a complete engine overhaul which quite frankly would cost more than it’s worth.”
“You have to be fucking kidding me!” I yelled at no one in particular.
“Shit!”
That was it…the last straw.  That car was the only thing I had left and now I didn’t even have that.  I couldn’t get back to school and yet I couldn’t stay in the cabin I needed to sell.  How could it all go wrong so fast?
My face fell into my hands and I tried desperately to keep from crying.  I had been strong everyday for the past month.  From my family dying to the news of the cabin I had worked so hard to keep it together and not to fall apart but now…it was just too much.
But then, a hand reached out and rubbed my back.  It felt good to be touched.
Another hand reached out and wrapped itself around my waist.  Suddenly I was picked up and pulled into Erik’s lap.  His arms enveloped me and I buried myself into him.  It felt so good to be held.  It felt so good to not be alone.
We must have stayed in that position for an hour as I rotated through bouts of crying.  Finally, too exhausted to sob anymore, I pulled away from his grasp and looked him in the eye.
“I’m sorry.  Thank you.”
“It’s ok.” Erik responded as he ran his fingers through my hair.
His touch was soothing and exactly what I needed in that moment.  His smell was intoxicating and soon my worries began to drift away and my thoughts all turned to him.  Damn it, what was it about this man that had such a hold over me.
“Emma, what is it that you want?”
The question was vague and I wasn’t sure quite how to answer it.  I had been so busy dealing with losing everything in my life that I hadn’t really thought about what I wanted going forward.  The future seemed so unknown and so uncertain I didn’t dare hope for anything.
“I don’t know.” I responded timidly.
Erik was not ready to accept this answer.
“What would it take to get rid of this feeling that you are struggling with?”
I thought some more, trying to come up with an acceptable answer.
“Well…I guess…I want some way to not lose this cabin and all my family’s possessions.  This is all I have left of them.”
“Is that all?  Would that fix everything?” Erik asked, probing me in a way I had not done myself.
“Well…I…I don’t know.  I guess…”
My thoughts were scattered and I focused hard to wrestle them into submission.
“Well, I guess what I want is some security.  I not only want to keep the cabin but I want to be in a position to make sure I never feel this helpless again.  I want to pay for school without burying myself underneath impossible loans.  I guess…I guess what I really want is to regain some fucking control over my life.”
“Control huh?  Do you like to be in control?” Erik asked with his penetrating gaze.
“Um…yes, well…sometimes,” I responded more timidly, submitted by his stare.
Erik’s eyes stayed locked on mine as I sat in his lap, completely vulnerable to him.  Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, he spoke.
“Emma, since your car is not working anyways I would like you to stay in your place one more night.  Don’t worry about the realtor and don’t worry about school.  I will help you take care of everything tomorrow and I will fly you myself to wherever you need to go.”
That last sentence threw me until I remembered floatplane hanger next to their boat slip.  Of course he was a pilot.  He seemed to be everything else, why would he not also be a pilot.
“I want you to take the night off from drinking and get a proper nights rest.  I will come by tomorrow morning at ten and we will talk then.”
The tone of his voice suggested that his words were not a recommendation but a command.  
“Ok.” I said, not wanting him to leave.
Erik held his gaze for a moment longer, seemingly to confirm my understanding.  Then he leaned in and kissed me gently on my forehead.  
Without another word Eric grabbed his jacket and headed out the door.  I was stunned as I heard his car fire up and drive off into the distance.  I wasn’t sure what the hell had just happened and I sure as hell felt like another drink.  
“Take the night off…” Erik was gone but his words were still with me.  I resisted the temptation to open another bottle of wine and instead poured a cup of coffee.
My red backpack was still sitting on the shoe rack by the front door where I had left it upon my arrival several days ago.  There was a mixture of textbooks, none of which I had cracked.  However, in the front pouch was a book I had purchased just before hearing the news about my family.  The book had stayed in that pouch ever since.
I walked over to the unopened bag and pulled on the zipper.  The unblemished spine of a novel not yet read showed through the opening.  I grabbed it, walked over to the sofa, sat down next to the end table that held my coffee, and finally began the story.
* * *
I woke up the next morning feeling unbelievably refreshed.  After a month of sleepless nights and drunken blackouts I finally felt human again.
It was a beautiful day outside with blue sky as far as I could see.  I still had an hour before Erik was scheduled to arrive and instead of packing or trying to look up real estate agents I spent the morning sitting in front of a cracking fire, watching the flames dance around inside the stone fire place.
I was oddly at peace.  Maybe it was acceptance or maybe Erik’s calm had rubbed off on me but for the first time in weeks I finally felt like things might be ok.
There was a knock at the door and I looked over to see Erik.  He was early but I didn’t mind.  I was so happy to see him.  It was a little unnerving being so taken by someone, but at the same time exciting.
I waved him in and he entered the cabin carrying a manilla folder with a stack of papers tucked inside.  
“How are you feeling this morning?” he asked with a very serious face.
“I’m good, thank you.  I didn’t drink a drop and got almost twelve hours of sleep.  To be honest, this is the best I have felt in a long time.”
“Good,” Erik said, seeming pleased at my response.
“Come join me over at the kitchen table.”
I followed his instructions and sat across from him at the used wood-carved kitchen table my parents had bought as their first cabin themed purchase.  I looked at Erik and his expression never changed.  He seemed to be in, what I could only describe as business mode, and I found it a bit unsettling.
“Emma, I want to talk to you about something.”
“Ok,” I said in a nervously questioning voice.
“How much do you know about my family?”
I thought for a moment, wanting to make sure I didn’t say anything to offend him.
“Well, to be honest all I know or think I know is that your mom is really nice and your family is really rich.”
Erik couldn’t help but smirk at this response.
“Both of those are true.  Mom is great and we do own a multi-billion dollar global contracting company.”
The words multi-billion rang in my head.  It just seemed like an incomprehensible amount of money for one family to own, especially one that liked to dress in flannel and play around in the Northwoods.
“I have a proposition for you.”
My ears perked up as I braced for what came next.
“If you would be ok with it, I would like to buy your family’s cabin from the bank and make sure that you don’t lose the last thing you have to remember them by.  I would hold the title and allow you to pay me back slowly once you get a job and start earning some money.”
My mouth hung open in shock and I tried to digest what he had just said.
“There would be no strings attached and we can stretch the payments out as long as you need.”
My eyes began to well up as I considered the possibility of what he was saying.  At the same time my rational mind fought back telling me I could not possibly accept a gift like this from someone who was almost a total stranger.
“I had my lawyer draw up all the papers last night and I have them right here in this folder.  If you sign them the bank goes away and you can keep your cabin for good.”
There was so much to think about I wasn’t sure how to respond.  I wanted to leap across the table and throw myself at this beautiful amazing gorgeous man.
“However,”
My stomach dropped to the floor.
“I have another proposition for you to consider.”
What proposition?  What the hell could he be talking about?
Erik slid the manilla envelope to the side revealing a second underneath.
I looked up from the second envelope to his face which held it’s stoic business like demeanor.
“This second proposal is completely voluntary and no matter how you answer it will not affect the first.”
Now I was terrified.  What was he building towards?  My insides were tying in knots and I felt like I could barely breathe.
He slid the file towards me.
“Emma, I am the Chief Operating Officer of a very large company.”
This is the first time I had heard his title and it shocked me that someone so young could run something so vast.
“I spend my entire year traveling around the world taking care of my family’s company and working insane hours every day.”
I still had no idea what he was getting at.
“The truth is that I have…desires…some of which are…a bit…unconventional.”
I felt a tingle run up my spine.
“I am looking for someone who would be open to…servicing those needs.”
My eyes were transfixed on this man who’s calm expression never changed.
“I need someone who can fly anywhere in the world at a moments notice.  Someone who will submit to my…needs.  Someone who is independent and realizes this is a business arrangement.”
There was no denying my sexual attraction to this man but in this moment…he scared me.
“My second proposal is a payment for providing this service to me.  By accepting this contract you would agree to move into your cabin full-time.  You would transfer into one of the local universities where you would be obligated to continue your studies and finish your degree.”
His first two criteria were not what I was expecting and threw me completely off-guard.
“You would be at my beck and call.  Whenever I need you, you will drop what you are doing and hop on a plane to whatever location I tell you.”
My hands started to fidget wildly and I nervously listened to him speak.
“If you accept the terms of this contract your payment will include the following.”
I was starting to feel light-headed at this point and had to remind myself to breathe.
“I will pay you ten thousand dollars a month and buy you a new car.”
Did he just say…
“I will also pay for all of your schooling and pay off your current loans.”
Holy shit.
“And, after you get your degree I will release you from this contract and sign over the cabin to you free and clear.”
“Excuse me,” I said as I leapt up from the table and sprinted down the hallway towards the bathroom.  I wasn’t sure if I was ready to throw-up but I knew I needed a place to think.
I made it to the bathroom and slammed the door behind me.  Luckily my stomach contents decided to stay down so I just sat down on the toilet seat to think.
“Holy shit,” I kept whispering to myself aloud.
“Did that really just happen?”
The whole thing seemed surreal and I almost felt the need to pinch myself to make sure I was awake.
The truth was that I was totally attracted to this rich hunk of a man.  I had been fantasizing about him ever since we met but what he was asking seemed insane.  I mean…he was essentially asking me to be his on call international prostitute.  All of which was more ironic because I was still a virgin.
It’s not like I had never wanted to have sex before but I had just never met the right guy and was too busy anyways.  I wondered if Erik would be so eager to offer me a free house and ten grand a month if he knew I had no idea what I was doing.
On the other hand, my body was yearning to be with him and I would be “working” in the truest sense of the word to earn that money and the cabin back.  If I took him up on the first offer I would always feel in debt and who knows if I would ever earn enough to afford this place.
But even if I could fake my way through the sex, which I had never had before, I still felt strange about the “business contract” aspect to this arrangement.  Could I really separate out the two?  Did I want my first time ever to be as a call girl?
Part of me wanted to be mad at him or be creeped out but this is the same man that offered to help me out, a stranger, with no obligations to him in the first proposal.  In my mind that meant he had to be a good man…right?
But what was this about his “unconventional” desires?
Crap, I had no idea what to do.  I had been in the bathroom way too long at this point and needed to come out one way or the other.
I stood up from the toilet and looked into the mirror.  
“Ok Emma.  You are on your own now.  You need to take control.”
I steeled my resolve.  Then, as I stared into the mirror, I realized that my mind had already been made up and I was just taking time to accept it.
I opened up the bathroom door and walked back to the kitchen table where Erik was still seated.  I sat down across from him and looked straight into his fierce penetrating gaze.
Then…a decision was made.
“I want the second contract.”


Chapter 6
The contracts had been explicit and yet vague in their descriptions.  Although noting exactly what my compensation would be it was decidedly open-ended on the “work” I would be doing for Erik Archer.  The one thing that was decidedly clear is that for the next two years until I finished college he would own my body.  
The thought was terrifying and exciting all at the same time.  I only wished that I had not waited so long to have sex.  I had no idea that being a virgin at this point in my life would become such a liability.  I was scared that it would hurt.  I was scared that I would seem stupid and inexperienced.  Yet, if I could have picked my first time lover, I couldn’t imagine someone I wanted more than Erik Archer.
He was everything my body craved.  My signature turned into a scribble as my hands shook.  There was one final page to sign and the transaction would be completed.  One more page and Erik Archer would own me for the next two years of my life.
My mind raced thinking about what ten thousand dollars a month could buy, about the cabin that I wouldn’t lose, about the disabled car in my driveway that would no longer strand me.  I thought about that one stolen kiss and about the kindness Erik had showed me, a stranger, in my hour of need.  How bad could this man possibly be?  Any girl would be lucky to be offered this opportunity, especially a girl like me.
I looked down at that final page one more time.  I lowered the pen, resting it on the blank line before me.  With one last deep final breath I scribbled my signature and then looked up at my benefactor.
“Thank you Emma.  I am going to have a car delivered to you later today.  I want you to drive back to your college and arrange the school transfer.  I want you back up at this cabin in no more than two weeks.  Here, take this.”
He took a phone out of his pocket and slid it across the table.
“This phone is never to leave your side.  If it rings I expect you to answer it.  This is how you will receive your instructions.”
He had a very serious expression on his face and I made sure to pay close attention.
“Until you receive a phone call, your life is yours.  I want you to enjoy the money, the car, and your freedom.  I also want you to work hard and take your schooling seriously.  However, there is one rule that must be obeyed.  Your body is mine for the next two years and during that time there will be no other men in your life.  Do you understand?”
If only he knew that he was talking to a chaste virgin…
“Yes, I understand.”
“When that phone does ring your contractual obligations take effect and I expect you to drop whatever you are doing to fulfill them…no matter what.  Do you understand?”
“Yes, I understand.”
This Erik was different than the man who had comforted me the day before.  There was a look in his eyes I couldn’t quite figure out.
“Good.  Well Emma, I need to get going.  I have a plane to catch in about an hour.  I hope you find what you are looking for and I look forward to our first…meeting.  I will see you soon.”
Erik rose from the chair and without a kiss or a hug just walked out of the cabin and out of my life.
“What the fuck just happened?”
His exit felt very unsatisfying and I suddenly worried if I had made a big mistake.  Did I just agree to a call-girl relationship with someone I have a crush on?  What the hell was I thinking?
The worry began to well up and I stewed over it for about an hour until I heard two cars pull into the crushed gravel drive.  I stepped outside to see a black town car followed by what looked like a brand new silver Lexus SUV.  The town car pulled to the left side of the driveway and and the silver SUV pulled past, stopping just short of the front porch.
A well dressed gentlemen stepped out and waved in my direction.
“Pardon me, are you Ms. Adams?”
“Um, yes…that’s me.”
He walked over to me with purpose and a big smile on his face.
“Here you go,” he said as he handed me the keys.
“She is brand new and just off the lot.  I went ahead and detailed the inside and filled up the tank.  Is there anything else I can do for you?”
I stood there completely dumbfounded for probably thirty seconds before responding.
“Um…no…no, that’s great…thanks.”
“You have a great day,” the driver said as he walked over to the town car and drove off.
It wasn’t long ago I was drowning my sorrows in shots of whiskey and crying about all that I was going to lose.  Now here I was with a three hundred thousand dollar cabin on a lake that I would own free in clear in just two years, a fully paid for college education, and a brand new silver Lexus sitting in my driveway.
I decided that I better go inside and sit down for awhile before I fell over and passed out next to my beautiful new car.
* * *
After laying on the couch for about an hour and going over the events in my head they seemed no more real than they had this morning.  However, I had a car waiting for me outside and I had my instructions.  Since there was no need to pack up my family’s belongings anymore I decided to go ahead and drive back down to school to pick up my things.
I didn’t own much back at campus and I figured it should easily fit inside the new SUV.  After checking the cabin to make sure everything was secure I grabbed my jacket, headed for the car, and prepared for the long drive back.
When I arrived at my freshly waxed chariot I pulled open the well lubricated door to find an envelope sitting on the front seat with my name on it.  It was thick and when I picked it up I was surprised by the weight.  I lifted the top and saw that there was a note inside.

Emma, here is your first installment.  Once you have settled in to the cabin call the number on the bottom of this page to speak with my accountant.  He will set up a direct deposit at the bank of your choice.  Drive safely. - Erik

“Holy shit!” I said loud enough for anyone in the surrounding area to hear.  Behind the note inside the envelope was ten thousand dollars cash all in hundred dollar bills.
I had never seen so much money before.  It was like something out of a movie or cartoon.  I felt an instant sense of freedom and my cheeks began to hurt from fighting against the huge smile that stretched across my face.  
I chuckled…then I laughed…harder…and harder.
Soon I was laughing hysterically looking at this big wad of cash in my hands.  The turn of fortunes was just too much.  If somebody had told me yesterday that I would be standing next to my brand new paid off luxury SUV holding ten thousand  dollars cash I would have considered them insane.
When my laughing fit was finally under control I got into the car and turned the ignition.  The drive back to school was going to be much different than I had originally anticipated.  In fact, maybe I would just have to stop off  at that fancy sushi place I had always wanted to try for lunch.  If I had just sold my body to a stranger, I may as well enjoy the rewards.
* * *
Packing up at school didn’t take anywhere near as long as I thought it would.  After three phone calls and about seven days of jumping though hoops I was easily able to get a transfer into the school up north.  I decided I didn’t need the full two weeks and headed back to the cabin three days early.
When I arrived and heard the crackle of crushed granite beneath my tires an unbelievable sense of calm came over me.  For the first time in a long time I felt safe…I felt happy.  Although the temperature was crisp, the sun was shining and there wasn’t a cloud in the sky.  I decided that I would risk getting wet and take a late afternoon kayak around the lake.  
After bundling up I set off for the dock where the forest green kayak awaited.  Assuming I didn’t do anything dumb I figured I should be able to stay dry.  There was no wind to kick up waves today and at this time of the year the lake was eerily silent.
I dipped my fingers in the crystal clear waters just to check…
“Brrr…” I muttered aloud.  The water was cold, damn cold.  I knew it wouldn’t be long before the temperatures would dip below freezing at night and refuse to come back up.  Watching ice form across a lakes surface is a fascinating process and I looked forward to the opportunity to follow it daily.
Settling into the kayak gently I found my center of balance and lowered myself into the seat.  Using the paddle I pushed off of the beach and set off on a circumnavigation of the lake.  With ten thousand dollars in my car, no bills to pay, and a new semester that would not start for another few week I had lots of time and resources on my hands and no idea what I was going to do with it all.
As I paddled along the shore I noticed a distinct lack of scurrying creatures.  Usually during the summer when you set out for a paddle you will be surrounded by birds, squirrels, deer, and maybe other woodland creatures busily going about their day.
Today was different.  The air was still and silent.  It was beautiful in a different way.  I felt very at peace and the rhythmic stroking of my paddle put me in an almost meditative state.  
Then…
It was his cabin.
I had reached the shoreline of the Archer estate and my serenity evaporated.  I felt my heart begin to race and my excitable imagination took over.
I hadn’t thought much about the consequences of our deal during the past week, instead I had just been focusing on the rewards.  Looking at his house now I remembered our deal…our contract.  At some point Erik would be calling me and expecting that I hold up my end of the bargain.
He had no idea that I was so inexperienced.  He had no idea that I was still a virgin.  Sure I had made out with a few guys before but my life had always been so busy, and to be honest no guy ever really seemed worth it.  The truth was that the only person to ever give me pleasure, to ever give me an orgasm, was me.
Erik was so damn sexy and I hated the feeling of fear that accompanied our arrangement.  I wish I had more experience.  I wish I knew what to expect.
Then his cabin was behind me.  My unconscious rhythmic paddling had pushed the kayak past their shore.
“Fuck,” I mumbled to no one in particular as I shook my head.
After the emotional fog cleared from my head, I continued the journey around the lake and back to my home.  It was getting pretty dark by the time I pulled the kayak ashore and I debated having another fire in the outdoor pit.
However, the truth was that my body and mind were spent.  I needed a break.  I needed sleep.
Heading up to the cabin I tried to clear my head settle in for a long nights rest.


Chapter 7
Two weeks later…

“What the hell?” I thought as my body was pulled out of a deep slumber.
There it was again.
“What the fuck is that?”
My mind was still in an exhausted fog and I had a hard time making out the sound that woke me.
There it was again, but this time I saw an accompanying light.
It was a phone…it was “the” phone.
I scrambled to grab it before it went to voicemail.
My clumsy fingers mashed at the flashing screen and somehow came up with the right motion to answer the call.
“Hello?” I responded in the most clear voice I could manage at two in the morning.
“Good evening Ms. Adams,” the voice responded.  I had expected to hear Erik’s voice but it was not him.  It was a woman.  I was confused and tried to make sense of this until the woman spoke and refocused my attention.
“Mr. Archer requests your presence.  I will text you the address of a local airport where there is a jet waiting for you.  You will be expected to arrive at the airport in the next two hours and you can pack lightly as this will only be a day trip.”
There was silence as my mind raced and my heart began to beat straight out of my chest.
“Do you have any questions Ms. Adams?”
“Yes a million of them,” was what I wanted to say, but as the nervousness took complete hold over my body I responded with a soft and timid “no”.
When the phone line went dead so did my brain.  I sat on the bed in a complete stupor until the phone rang again but this time with a text message containing an address.
“Shit…I need to shower and shave.”
I dashed for the bathroom and tried to rush my body through a middle of the night cleansing routine.  The process of shaving my legs was particularly nerve-racking since I couldn’t get my hands to stop shaking.
As I progressed through the process of preparing my body for him I wasn’t sure whether I was more scared or excited.  This was going to be one hell of a “first time” experience but I hoped he would be gentle.  There was no doubt that my body wanted him but I wasn’t sure if I was ready for him.
I finished my shower in record time and after spending way too much time deciding on an outfit, I finally put on the one small black dress I owned and some jewelry.  The truth was that I was never that into fashion and as I looked in the mirror I felt woefully “under-sexy” for the occasion.  However, with no time left to debate the decision I went downstairs, grabbed my purse and headed out the door.
* * *
“Holy Fuck!” I screamed as I walked out the front door in my little black dress.  The freezing temperatures of a Northwoods night greeted my naked legs.  In my haste to get out the door I had completely forgotten about the weather and now felt ridiculous about what I was wearing.
There was no time to change though and I just headed back into the cabin and grabbed the warmest jacket I could find.
“This will have to do.”
I went back out into the pitch black early morning and opened up the door to my beautiful new SUV, which apparently I would start “earning” today.
“Oh shit.” I yelped as I sat down in the drivers seat.  The cold leather on my exposed thighs encouraged me to fire up the engine quickly and get the seat warmers working.  Thank god Erik had been nice enough to get a car with all the bells and whistles
With a swipe of the screen and a few touches of my finger the phone mapped my way to the airport and I started the drive.  The screen indicated that it would take about forty minutes to arrive at this remote general aviation field which means that I should arrive just in time to make my two hour window.
The car warmed up quickly and yet my body did not stop shivering.  I felt as though I had just chugged a pot of expresso and was ready to crawl out of my own skin.  Even though I tried to focus on the road ahead, my mind kept venturing off to the activities that lay ahead.
When discussing this arrangement with me Erik had said that he had some distinct needs he required to be fulfilled.  This terrified me more than anything because I had no idea if I was going to be able to hold up my end of the bargain.  I prayed that whatever it was he desired involved him doing all the work.  I was petrified of him asking things from me that I didn’t know how to give.
Before I knew it my headlights illuminated the sign to the airfield.  It was at the end of a long Norwood-Pine lined drive and seemed to be comprised of one main building surrounded by a bunch of metal hangers.  There were several small planes tied up on the parking area in front of the main terminal building.  
Next to the small parked planes was the one and only jet.  I didn’t know anything about airplanes but I knew enough to know that this was a very expensive one.  This was the kind of plane that you saw celebrities and billionaires getting into in photos.  The plane was the only thing in the area with lights on and I knew it must be my ride.
* * *
“Good evening Ms. Adams.” The pilot said as he greeted me in front of the small terminal.  
“If you come with me I will get you settled in before we take off.”
“Um…ok.”
This whole thing seemed very surreal and my fear about the sexual desires soon gave way to a fascination with my circumstances.  I felt like I was in some sort of strange movie and it really didn’t feel like this could actually be happening.
The pilot guided me through the small vacant terminal.  There was no one here but us and it was eerily quiet.  
Once on board I marveled at the opulence of the plane.  This was truly the definition of how the other half lived. The pilot guided me to an oversized leather chair and then reached behind him to a tray where there was a glass of champagne which had already been prepared.
I took the champagne from his hand and out of nervousness chugged the entire thing.
“Well, I guess someone was thirsty.”
I blushed feeling ashamed of my less than classy drinking habits.
“How about I get you one more?”
“Thanks,” I said as I tried to settle down and regain control of myself.
This time I made sure to sip the glass and before long I heard the roar of jet engines coming to life.  The plane taxied from the ramp down a long path until finally reaching the end of the runway.  We sat there for several moments and then the pilot released the brakes proceeding out onto the short paved strip.  
The power of the jet was surprising as we leaped forward and then rocketed no more than halfway down the short runway.  The plane climbed quickly and after busting through a thick layer of clouds we reached open skies.
The sun was just coming up over the horizon and it cast an orange glow on the low cloud layer beneath us.  The entire scene was beautiful and serene.  For a moment at least I forgot about why I was on this jet and what was at the other side of this trip waiting for me.
As we reached cruising altitude it occurred to me that I had absolutely no idea where I was going or how long it was going to take to get there.  I should have asked the pilot before take off but I also didn’t want to seem like a crazy person.  Who would get on a plane with no idea where they were going?  Apparently I would.
There was a selection of reading material held in a rack near my seat. I started leafing through several of the magazines looking for a distraction.  Eventually, my lack of sleep and the hum of the engines forced a yawn from my mouth.  As nervous and excited as I was, the exhaustion was overpowering.
My eyelids became heavy.
My muscles released their tension.
The battle to remain conscious was quick and in the end fruitless.
Sleep was victorious and so I entered my dream world once again.


Chapter 8
When I finally awoke from my slumber, I noticed the plane was in a descent.  I pulled out my phone to check the time and it appeared only four hours had passed so I assumed we were still in the United States.  
The nap was definitely recuperative and I felt much better.  I hoped going forward that a two in the morning wakeup call would not be a regular occurrence.  
The wheels of the plane touched down with a light squeal and then the jet slowly rolled off the runway and onto a taxiway which led to the terminal.  Although still small, this airport appeared to be larger than the one we had used for our departure.  As I stared out the window I could already see a group of people gathered, apparently waiting for our arrival.
The jet slowly and meticulously followed the waving hands of an airport employee who was directing him into position.  A few seconds after our forward motion stopped I heard the engines lose their thrust and slow down until all I could hear was silence.
The pilot who had given me the champagne earlier emerged from the front of the plane.
“I hope you had a pleasant flight Ms. Adams.”
“Oh…yes…it was great.  To be honest I slept most of the way so you must have done a great job.”
He chuckled.
I looked back outside the window and I still could not make out our location.  The only thing I could see for sure was that there was snow on the ground and I was definitely underdressed.  I was hesitant to ask but I really wanted to know.  At risk of looking like an idiot I decided to go ahead and find out just where my mysterious man had whisked me off to.
“Um…can I ask you something.”
The pilot looked back at me with a smile.
“Sure.”
“Where are we?”
He laughed.
“We are at the general aviation airport in Montana just outside of Yellowstone Park.”
There was no doubt now that I was definitely underdressed for the weather and overdressed for the location.  What the hell was I doing in Montana?
Erik had said I had to be available to him at a moments notice, to fly anywhere in the world to meet him.  However, in all of my fantasy scenarios about where we would meet and where I would be lose my virginity, Montana had never entered my mind.  Rome…Paris…Hawaii, the romantic movie had played out in my head many, many times but never once had I considered Montana.
I should have know better.  Erik wasn’t some high-finance wall street type.  He was a very, very rich man that ran a contracting company.   His business may not have been the sexy ones portrayed in movies but Erik himself was dripping with sexy.  Just the thought of him made my body react in ways that no man had ever done before.
I was scared of the unknown…but I couldn’t wait for the chance to see him again.
* * *
After being escorted off the plane I was put in a brand-new smelling Mercedes SUV.  The driver introduced himself as John and we set off for destinations unknown.
The farther we drove from the airport the more beautiful the scenery became.  We were surrounded by huge open fields and farms backdropped by breathtaking snowcapped mountains.  I had heard of celebrities buying up huge swaths of land in Montana and now I understood why.  This seemed like the perfect place to get some privacy.
Our car proceeded along vast stretches of what seemed like abandoned highways until turning off on a more rural route.  We continued down this road for another thirty minutes until I could see no other structures anywhere around us.
The car slowed and turned right.  We were now on what seemed to be dirt road leading to nowhere.  The car climbed up a gentle grade for about five minutes until we finally crested the hill and I could see our destination.
There, at the end of the dirt drive, was a beautiful expansive cabin that put the Archer’s Northwoods accommodations to shame.  I looked around at the stunning scenery and could see no other man-made structures.  This cabin appeared to own the valley and all of the beauty that surrounded it.
Our Mercedes arrived on the large parking pad in front of the log behemoth.  After the driver put the SUV in park he ran around the front of the car to my door making sure to open it before I could get the chance.
I thanked him for his kindness as the shock of a frigid breeze raced up the opening of my dress.  Oh how I wished I had dressed for colder weather.  Next time I promised myself I would wear something sensible and pack a bag.  Apparently there was going to be quite a learning curve to being a rich mans call girl.
“Ms. Adams, I believe if you proceed inside there should be a note for you waiting on the entryway table.  I will be back to pick you up tomorrow.”
“Thank you,” I said as he returned to his side of the car and drove off.  It was far too cold to sit outside and contemplate my situation.  I walked quickly towards the flagstone staircase which led to giant fifteen foot doors that looked like they belonged on a castle.  I grabbed at the large iron handle in front of me and pulled.
The door was surprisingly light and opened without a sound.  I stepped inside and closed the massive door behind me.  Just inside the entrance was a large foyer area that looked through the house into a massive living area.  The entire back wall was glass and log beams filled the airy space.  A roaring fire was lit inside an oversized fireplace and on any other occasion I would have been excited to check out this amazing home.  
Today however, I was here for work.  I had come to terms with the idea of losing my virginity as a call-girl but it wasn’t something I was excited about.  Although the money and the security was a factor that had enabled me to say yes to this crazy arrangement, it had much more to do with…him.
I had not been able to get Erik out of my mind since our last encounter and he pulled at my insides in a way that I didn’t know was possible.  Maybe it was some stupid infatuation but I swore there was more between us than this arrangement would make it seem.  I didn’t admit it aloud but if I was honest I hoped that this was some weird foreplay that would lead to something more.  
“Ok…focus,” I whispered aloud after standing in the foyer like an idiot for five minutes, lost inside my own mind.
Ten feet directly in front of me there was a round table that appeared to have an envelope sitting on it’s edge.
As I stepped towards the counter I could see that the envelope had my name on it.  
Terrified, I grabbed it off the table and proceeded to open the flap.  A letter was inside and I pulled it out carefully.  
Unfold once, then twice.
The words were few and clear.  I was to proceed to my left, walk down the hall to the end, and enter the bedroom.  Once inside I should take off my clothes, put on the blindfold provided, and lay down on the bed.
The time for fantasies was over.  This was really happening.
My feet suddenly felt like they were encased in concrete blocks.  I struggled to move as my heart raced and pounded against my chest.  
“Come on Emma, you can do this,” I tried desperately to convince myself.  
Then, slowly, one foot moved and then the other.  My body relented and I proceeded towards the unknown.  I proceeded to the door at the end of the hall.


Chapter 9
Once I reached the bedroom and opened the door I found a darkened room with very soft lighting illuminating my way.  I hadn’t seen Erik since I entered the house but I knew that he was here and that thought set my body on fire.
“Holy shit Emma…you’re really going to do this,” I was mumbling to myself as I tried to prepare.
I remembered the words on the letter and saw the blindfold on the bed.  It was a sleeping mask type of blindfold, red in color.  There was an oversized plush leather chair in the corner of the room and I figured that was as good a place as any to put my dress.  
The temperature in the room was comfortably warm which was a relief after the entering from the cool crisp air outside.  I took off my jacket first and laid it gently on the chair.  Next, I removed the completely ridiculous shoes I had chosen to wear which also happened to be the only ones that matched this black dress.  The same black dress that apparently Erik would never see.
I placed the shoes at the foot of the chair and then removed the little jewelry I had worn, setting them on the richly stained surface of an end table that had been placed by the chair.  That left me standing in the darkened room with only the dress and my underwear to remove.
I hesitated.  There was still time to back out.  I felt as though once the dress hit the floor my avenue for escape from this crazy contract went out the window.  There was a mental switch that was ready to be flipped but I was terrified in taking that final step.
Thinking about all that I had to lose…the cabin, school, my car….him.  I quickly grabbed the zipper of my dress and pulled it down.  No…I would not lose this chance.
The dress fell to the floor and I kicked it up onto the chair.  It fluttered into a pile on top of my jacket.  The clasps of my bra seemed as if they were trying to resist but I forced them open and the weight of my naked breasts fell forward, embracing their freedom.
My nipples tightened in anticipation as I grabbed the the fabric of my panties and pulled them to the floor.
I was naked.  My body fully exposed.  Erik was somewhere in the house and only walls separated my vulnerable body from his touch.
I walked back over to the bed and grabbed the blindfold.  The fabric was silk and felt amazingly soft to the touch.
I climbed up onto the firm mattress and laid my head down on one of the pillows.  The blindfold slipped over my head easily and soon the world went dark.  
What “unusual” desires did Erik possess?  What was it exactly that he had hired me to do?
* * *
It was several minutes until I heard the distinct sound of a handle turning and the whoosh of a door being opened.
He was here.
Lying naked on the bed I felt so exposed, so vulnerable.  I was grateful to have the mask on which made it easier.  I could imagine his expressions.  I could fantasize about his interest in me.  If the cloak of darkness was lifted my mind worried about what it would find.  
Erik was this beautiful amazing man that had the body of a Greek god.  What did he think now, looking over my much more mundane form?  Fear began to swell inside.
What if he is disgusted by what he sees?  What if he regrets the deal he made?  Could I still end up losing the cabin?  Was I going to end up back in the same desperate situation I had just finally escaped?
The questions flooded over me and I felt my body begin to tremble.  Instead of anticipating his touch all I could think of now was everything that might go wrong.
Oh god, what had I done?
Maybe I should just go?
I need to stop this now before it gets any worse.
Then…his touch.
My mind came to a screeching halt as the sensation of his fingers commanded all of my attention.
I felt the weight of his body compress the mattress next to me.  He didn’t say a word.
The fingers that now rested on my cheek began to travel along the curve of my jaw and down my neck.
Goosebumps exploded on every inch of my skin.
His hand continued it’s journey across my shoulders and down my chest, eventually tracing every inch of my exposed curves.
I felt my mouth go dry as the lips between my legs became wet.
Never touching the hardened, sensitive nipples that yearned for attention, his fingers instead began their journey down the soft trembling skin of my stomach.  My abdomen flexed in response.  I could feel the heat of each individual finger as they crossed the boundary at my waist and headed towards an area rarely touched by any other man.
I reflexively squirmed, anticipating the trajectory of his touch.
His hand traveled slightly to the side, skipping my most sensitive lips.  His fingers lingered, only inches from the now soaking mound that screamed for attention.
A brush…then another.
His fingers lightly slid across my slit causing a massive firing of nerve impulses throughout my body.
“Ohhh…” I moaned in sexual frustration as my lack of sight and the slow deliberate nature of his touch tortured me.
Instinctually, I reached up to grab onto him, to hold him.
My hand was quickly snatched by a firm grip and pressed back into the bed.  The mood in the room felt as though it had suddenly and dramatically shifted.
* * *
I felt Erik stand up from the bed as he let go of my wrist.
Had I done something wrong?  What was going on?
Suddenly the mystery outside the blindfold became maddening.
I heard the clasp of a buckle clink and my body relaxed.  I assumed that if a belt was being undone then our agreement still stood.
There was some more rustling as Erik shed his clothes.
I held my breath, waiting for what came next.
I was a bit startled by the sound of a drawer opening next to me.  Then Erik grabbed my wrists again, tightly.  
I felt a piece of fabric slid around them and then tighten as Erik cinched them into a knot.  My arm was pulled up above my head and secured to the far side of the head-board.
Without a word Erik moved to the other side of the bed and began to do the same with my still free hand.  
I had never been tied down before and thought that it would have felt sexier.  This felt different.  I didn’t feel sexy, I felt scared.
The soft touch I had experienced only moments ago seemed to be replaced by something else, something far more aggressive.
With a final tug I felt Erik check the security of my bondage.  It was tight, I wasn’t going anywhere.
I heard the heavy fall of his foot walk around the bed toward the nightstand where he had produced my restraints.  There was some rustling and scrapping as he pulled something from the drawer.  
I wanted nothing more than to pull the mask from my face.  This was not exciting anymore, it was terrifying.  Unfortunately, with my arms restrained, I couldn’t remove the painful darkness from my eyes even if I wanted to.
Crack!
A burning sensation tore across my the top of my thighs.
“Ouch!” I yelped.
What the fuck was that?  This was not what I expected and suddenly grew very nervous.
Crack!
“Fuck!”
Erik didn’t say a word and I had no idea where he was or what was coming next.  What the hell had I gotten myself into?  My mind raced as I pulled against the restraints.  He had told me when I signed the contract that he had unusual tastes but I just didn’t think…
CRACK!
“OUCH!”
Tears were now beginning to well up in my eyes.  This was not the man I had fantasized about.  This was not the man who had taken care of me that night when I felt so lost.  This was definitely not the man I had naively thought I could fall in love with.
I didn’t know who this was.
A heavy weight pressed against the end of the bed and soon I felt his naked body slide between my legs.  
A stiff erection pressed up against my terrified mound and I felt his hand slide up my chest, settling in a firm grip around my throat.
I was so confused.  I knew I didn’t want this but I also knew I didn’t want to lose the security our agreement provided.  Most of all, I wasn’t sure if I wanted to lose him.  Was he the man that took me to lunch and comforted me when I needed it most or was he this aggressive ball of testosterone that currently lurched over my vulnerable body.
Maybe he was both.  Maybe one was inseparable from the other.  My mind, exhausted from waging an epic battle against itself, could not decide what to do.  I was scared.  I was confused.  I had no idea what to do so my body reacted in the only way it knew how…I started to cry.
The tears came slowly at first but quickly soaked through the blindfold.  My chest heaved erratically as I tried to suppress the sobs.
Erik stopped, his body pulled back from mine.
As the crying continued I began to apologize to the darkness behind the blindfold.
“I’m sorry…oh my god I’m sorry…”
I felt Eric reach forward and pull the blindfold from my eyes.
My eyes adjusted quickly to the dimly lit room and I stared up at Erik who had a confused look on his face.
“I’m sorry Erik.  I…I…I just didn’t know what to expect.”
I sniffled hard trying to keep my nose from running.  With the fear of the darkness gone my sobs began to subside even as the tears continued to trickle down my cheeks.
“I’ve…I’ve never…”
My mind told me to stop, not to risk the deal anymore than I already had, but I couldn’t hold it back any longer.
“I have never done this before.”
Erik squinted his eyes a bit.
“You’ve never done what before?  You’ve never had rough play before?”
“No…I…I have never had…sex before.”
Erik had a look of shock cross his face.
“What the fuck?”
Erik seemed pissed.
“You never told me that Emma.  You never fucking told me you were a virgin.”
The sobs came roaring back.
“I never would have agreed to this if I had known.  I told you that I had certain needs I was trying to meet.  Did you really think it was a good idea to lose your virginity like this?”
Erik leapt up from the bed and began pacing the room.  His initial look of anger seemed to be morphing into something different.  I tried to make out the expression on his face but it was hard to see clearly.  He looked almost as if he felt more guilty than mad.
“I’m so sorry Erik.  I just didn’t want to lose our deal…and I didn’t want to…”
I bit my lip to prevent the next words from coming out.
“You didn’t what?  What were you going to say?” He said sternly although this time in a softer voice.
I didn’t want to freak out this man who was all but a stranger to me.  However, as I laid naked on my back, still tied to the bed frame, I realized that the time for secrets had passed.  Our entire arrangement had completely blown up already.  There was no point in keeping secrets any more.
“I didn’t want to lose you.”
His face softened slightly.
“I know we barely know each other but from the moment I met you there was something…”
I tried to think of the right words.
“I don’t know…there was just something there.  The way I felt about you was different than any other man I have met before.”
There was silence as each of us debated our next words.  Looking at his eyes I knew the man I fell for was still in there.  I could see the same compassion he had showed me those many weeks ago.  My body had been terrified at his unexpected actions behind the darkness of my blindfold, but even in the dim lighting of the room I knew that he was a man that I could trust.
“Emma, I am not sure exactly what you were expecting when you signed this contract with me.  I am not looking for a girlfriend or a wife.  I work over a hundred hours a week and travel all over the world.  I don’t have time for relationships and complications.”
My crying had completely stopped and I sat transfixed by his gaze.
“What I was looking for was a sexual partner that could allow me to release the tension I constantly face.  Now for me that tends to involve some pain with my pleasure.  I need to have someone that can submit to me and does not fear my…assertive sex drive.”
A few more moments of silence passed but his eyes never left mine.
“I just don’t see how this can work…how you can be that person, if you have never even had sex before.  I don’t want to scare you and I don’t want to deprive you of something different that you are looking for.  I need someone who can submit and allow me to control their body.  I need someone with an open mind that is not afraid of some heavy kink in the bedroom.”
I felt my heart begin to race.
“Now is that something that you think you want?  Is that really something you think you can do?”
My mouth began to dry and my breathing quickened.
“Do you want me to train you in my particular forms of pleasure?”
My head was spinning as my body responded to his words.  What had been terrifying only moments ago now seemed different somehow.  Seeing him, hearing him talk about making me his sexual muse, devouring his naked body with my eyes brought back the cravings…the fantasies I had been having for weeks leading up to this moment.
I wanted to be that woman for him.  It wasn’t about the money anymore.  I wanted him to teach me…to take me.
I was scared…but in a good way.  
I wanted to feel his hands on me again.  I wanted to feel him inside me.  If that meant dealing with some pain I was ready to bite my lip and bare it.
I wanted Erik.
“Yes.”
Erik looked at me still seeking confirmation.
“Please train me.”
* * *
A smile spread across his face as the words rolled off my lips.
“Ok Emma.  I will train you and help you fulfill your end of the contract.”
I again forgot to breathe.
“However, tonight we are going to take a break from my needs.  You cannot begin your training until you take your first big step.  Tonight…the pleasure is going to be yours.”
A tingling sensation raced across my skin as I anticipated the meaning of his words.
“Do you trust me Emma?”
The thoughts of my early fears were washed away by the excitement of what was to come.
“Yes, I trust you.”
“Good.” Erik said as he walked around the side of the bed and reached for the blindfold.  Part of me was scared to put it on again but at the same time it felt different.  I knew what was behind the mask.  I wanted what was behind the mask.
Erik leaned in close as I felt the silk slide back over my eyes.  When the last of the light had disappeared from view I felt the warm moist sensation of his lips gently pressing against mine.  
I tried to arch up into his kiss but he quickly pulled away.  It was a horrible tease but my body responded appropriately with blood rushing to the areas that now yearned for him most.  
I heard Erik pull something else from the drawer and then a popping sound filled the room.
“What the hell was that?” I thought to myself.
A sound…breathing…?  It sounded similar to a noise I might make if I were blowing on my hands to heat them up on a cold winters day.
This turned out to be a very accurate analogy.
Erik’s warm slippery hands met my skin and I realized he had pulled out a bottle of massage oil, heating it up in his hands before applying it to my body.  His fingers felt familiar as they traced the same curves once again.  The oil beneath his fingers was hot and felt amazing.  His touch felt more like a sensual massage than that of an exploring lover.  
My body quickly relaxed and sank into the bed.  His fingers worked through my muscles, stretching each fiber as I felt the tension melt away.
I kept waiting for the treatment to end but Erik dutifully attended to every inch of skin he could find.  My mind cleared and I began to feel myself drifting off into a state of slumber.
That was when Erik’s hands changed their pattern.  His finger rolled over my nipples which instantly tightened against his touch.
My relaxed mind leaped into erotic attention.
He circled and pulled at the sensitive tips until my breathing was again labored.
“Mmm…” I couldn’t help but moan at the pleasurable sensation.
I felt the weight of Erik laying down beside me as one hand left my chest and traveled to heat between my legs.
His touch was light, gently tracing the edges of my sensitive folds.
“Ohh…”
My body was now at full attention as my wetness dripped against his teasing fingers.
“Oh Erik…”
He held back, teasing me some more.  I would have touched myself if I could but with my hands bound I was at his mercy.
A little more pressure.
“Oh Erik…please…”
I thought I heard him laugh and then felt his middle finger press into my swollen clit and a cascade of pleasure chemicals rippled through my body.
The tension of our strange crazy first encounter made all of my senses even more acute.  Pressure built between my legs and his fingers expertly played with my wet mound.  His scent filled my nose and I felt as though I could taste him on my tongue.
“Ohhh…yes…oh fuck…”
This felt better than any masturbation session I had ever experienced.
His other hand, still on my chest, pulled harder on my well lubricated nipples.
“Oh yes!”
Testosterone was flooding the room now as I felt a little more aggressive myself.
“Don’t stop,” I pleaded with Erik.
Both of his hands picked up pace and I could feel the orgasmic cauldron bubbling over inside me.
“Oh my god…oh Erik…”
His hand never slowed as the urge grew and I felt as though I was ready to burst.
“Fuck…oh Erik…please…oh…”
Then it happened.  My body crested the peak and the long pent up orgasm rolled through my body like an avalanche.
“I’m…I’m going…I’m going to…”
My wetness splashed against his fingers as waves of muscle contractions ripped through my body.  After so much tension leading up to this moment the release felt like nothing I had ever experienced.
I was taking in the pleasurable pulsing sensation when I felt a sudden shift in Erik’s weight and I felt his naked body roll on top of mine.
The inside of my wet thighs rubbed against his hips and I felt that same erection from before pressing against my now wanting wet mound.
Erik grabbed his thick shaft and lined up the tip with my still quivering entrance.
“Do you still want it Emma?” Erik asked as he hovered over me and I felt the heat from his body.
“Yes, oh god yes…” was all the response I could get out before he slowly pressed into me and my warm wet body wrapped itself around his excitement.
It hurt, but not nearly as bad as I had anticipated.  It was more like a pinch than anything else.  Erik continued to slowly, carefully slide himself deeper and deeper inside me.
His motions were too slow for my cravings and I bucked into him, trying to bury his shaft.
The pain was gone now, replaced by a fullness.  It was a fullness unlike anything I had ever experienced before.
Oh how I wished that I could look up and see him.  I wanted to see my fantasies coming to life.  Instead I was stuck behind the blackness of my blindfold.
Erik pulled his hips back and I felt his thickness slide along my still pulsing sensitive walls.  I wasn’t sure if my orgasm had ever really stopped but this new motion was bringing something new to life.
Just as it felt he was about to exit me Erik thrust his hard swollen cock back inside.
“Holy shit,” a jolt of pleasure shot through my body.  Each one of his thrusts was like a small orgasm released into my body.  I had definitely not come down from Erik’s previous attention and it made every sensation now all the more intense.
“Oh Erik…fuck me,” I was feeling that same sense of animalistic aggression.
He followed my instructions and intensified his efforts.
I was shocked at how easily my body accepted him and how fucking amazing it all felt.
“Fuck me…” I demanded as I now heard our bodies make a clapping sound ever time they joined.
“Harder…” I surprised myself as the words leaped out of my mouth.
“Harder…” Erik was now driving at my virgin body with the full force of his lust.
“Oh yes…oh Erik…oh…oh…”
It came much faster and harder this time.  My body clenched around him as I drained the last of my orgasmic excitement around his penetrated shaft.
I pulled hard at my restraints, and when they would not give way I arched up into him, finding his neck with my mouth.
I grabbed hold of him with my teeth and my legs wrapped around his hips.  I wanted to pull him as deeply inside me as I could and never let him go.
My body pulsed and pulsed.  Sweat poured from my skin.  
Finally, complete sexual exhaustion took hold of my body and I released Erik, falling back into the bed.
I started laughing.  For absolutely no good reason I started laughing uncontrollably.
Erik rose from the bed and I heard his footsteps sounding further and further away.
My laughing stopped.  What the hell was he doing?  I listened to the silence until I heard the sound of water running.
The sounds of footsteps returned but this time they were heading in my direction. 
I felt a hand on my wrist and then felt the fabric loosen.  Soon I was free of one restraint and then another.  Erik removed my blindfold and I saw a look in his eyes.  The same look I had seen when I first met him.  
Without warning he slid his arms underneath me and scooped me up into his grasp.  Carrying me like a man carrying his wife across the threshold, Erik walked into the extraordinarily large bathroom to an oversized jetted tub that appeared to already be half full.
Erik’s body was amazingly strong and the way he handled my weight made me feel as light as a feather.  He lowered me into the tub like I weighed nothing and the warm lavender scented steam enveloped me.
Erik continued to let the tub fill for a few more minutes, neither of us saying a word.  When the water was at my shoulders he turned it off 
“Emma, I want you to relax and take your time.  When you are ready I will have some pajamas laid out on the bed for you.”
He leaned in and kissed my forehead gently, then stood up and left the bathroom.
The lavender scented bath was luxurious as soft music played in the background and a gas fireplace flickered on the opposite wall.  I stayed in the bathtub long past the point of turning my fingers to prunes.  
Reluctantly, I finally rose from the waters and grabbed the towel placed next to the tub.  Sufficiently dry I proceeded back into the now empty bedroom where I saw a pair of pajamas as well as a note.

Emma, I had to leave to catch a flight to China but the cabin is yours for the night.  The driver will be back tomorrow morning at ten to pick you up.  Thank you for giving me something so precious of yours.  I will cherish it always.  Next time the phone rings, your training will begin.  P.S.  The safe word is whiskey ;)

I quickly put the pajamas on and raced out into the cabin, but he was gone.  Erik had disappeared into the night as quickly as he had arrived.  My heart sank but a smile returned to my face as I recalled the events of the day.
There was absolutely no doubt that this arrangement was a strange one.  My world had changed dramatically in the past month and I was still racing to catch up.
There was something very kinky and empowering about my role in this mysterious rich mans life.  I might not understand it exactly, but I looked forward to it.  Tonight had been a taste and I was definitely developing a craving for the man.
My body was exhausted, exquisitely sore, and needed rest.
I returned to the bedroom and crawled under the freshly changed sheets.  It wouldn’t take long for sleep to envelope me tonight.  I couldn’t wait to see what dreams would come.  I couldn’t wait to fantasize about the next time that phone should ring…

I hope you enjoyed Desires Part One.  Continue the story with Desires Part Two or download the entire series at a discount with  Desires (Parts 1-3)

For all books by Mindy Wilde you can visit my website www.mindywilde.com.

To stay up to date on the latest releases you can sign up to receive my newsletter: 
Mindy Wilde Mailing List

Connect with me on:
www.facebook.com/mindywilderomance
twitter.com/mindywilde


Crave
“Holy shit” the words echoed through my mind as I contemplated the situation I was now in.
“I can’t believe that I let her talk me into this.”
Marci had been rather insistent and as usual I caved to her persistence.  She was always a little more adventurous than I was which had led to some rather crazy nights well outside my comfort zone.  Although I had to admit, this was different.  I was curious.
It had been quite some time since I had felt the touch of a man and my body ached for a little attention.  The last string of “boys” I had been with were much more into themselves and paid little attention to my wants.  There was that one guy…Eric…but that was so long ago now.  
The building I had entered only ten minutes ago was nondescript and could have housed just about any business.  But this was not just any business.  This…service…catered to a very specific clientele.  Their customers had a very specific need and for the right price they were more then willing to fill it.
The idea of paying for sex felt icky and I tried not to think about it too much.  Somehow, in my own head I had justified this as…something different.  I wasn’t hiring a male prostitute, I was paying for a needed service…an experience.
Well technically I wasn’t paying for it, Marci was.  It had been quite the fight when she first told me about the gift.  There was no way that I was going to use it.  But like usual, Marci wore me down and I eventually, reluctantly agreed.  I wasn’t sure if it was the glow that she had after trying it herself, the enthusiasm of her sales pitch, or my own sex-starved libido that finally won out but I was committed now and more then a little curious.
* * *
The interior of the building was filled with earth-tones and soft colors.  It very much felt like entering a spa rather than a corporate office building.  My shyness was quickly overtaken by the incredibly kind staff that whisked me away to a changing room.  I slipped out of the ridiculously conservative clothes I was wearing and into the soft plush robe that had been provided.
I had subconsciously been afraid that everyone would take one look at me and know what deviant act I was up to so I had literally worn the most concealing outfit I owned.  I had pulled my hair up in an attempt to look professional which seemed silly now.  No one had looked at me twice during my travels to this appointment.  I was just another typical woman heading off on another typical errand.  What they didn’t know was that my errand was anything but typical…
“Hello Ms. Johnson, my name is Erin and I will be your personal attendant today.  Would you like to use the sauna or steam-room while you wait for your appointment?”
The experience was getting a bit surreal now.  Was I here for a spa appointment?  Was I really set to be ravaged by some professional lover thirty minutes from now?  I could feel the butterflies building in my stomach.
“Um…yes…sure…a steam sounds nice.  Oh and you can call me Dawn.”
“Well ok then Dawn, follow me.”
Erin guided me out of the changing room and down a short hallway.  As we rounded the last corner a beautiful ornate room filled with soft music, plunge pools, and my steam-room came into view.  This really was feeling more and more like a trip to the spa.
“The steam room is right over there” Erin said as she pointed to the glass door with beads of water dripping down it’s interior.
“You can hang your robe on this hook right here and I will come back to get you when it’s time.  This is your private retreat and no one else will come in here until I return so please relax and enjoy.  Is there anything I can get for you before I leave?”
I sat silent taking in my luxurious surroundings until finally muttering a timid response.
“Um…no…no, I’m good.  Thank you.”
Erin smiled, turned, and walked away briskly back down the hall.  It took me a moment to get my bearings but then a thought snapped me back into reality.
“Fuck…I wonder how much Marci paid for this?”
I felt bad instantly.  This must have cost her a fortune.  I wasn’t sure how I was going to return the favor but my head was starting to spin and I though it best to go sit down.  Heading directly towards the steam-room I sat on the bench just outside the door and tried to collect myself.  
When I felt sufficiently grounded again I took off the slippers and robe and now stood naked in the middle of what looked like a Roman Emperor’s chamber.  It felt naughty to be walking around so openly with every bit of my skin showing but Erin had told me the room was mine alone so the risk was modest.
When I opened the door to the steam-room my skin was greeted by a hot moist wonderfully scented blast of air.  It had the scent of lavender and…eucalyptus I think?  Whatever it was…it was heavenly.
I stepped into the fog and shut the door behind me.  I could see there were dials to control the heat, steam, and scent but I decided not to adjust a thing.  Everything was just perfect and I settled onto the bench and closed my eyes.
* * *
The next half hour slowed down and I almost forgot the reason I had come.  It wasn’t until some beads of sweat gathered into a large hot ball of water and rolled over my exposed nipple that the reality of my situation returned to my mind.
It was exciting and yet it was completely terrifying.  I still wasn’t sure if this was something I wanted or if it was just something I was doing to appease Marci.  
My nipple hardened as the sensation of the sweat stimulated the nerve endings.  
Whether my mind wanted this or not there was no doubt about what my body craved.
“Dawn, it is time for your appointment.”
I had been so lost in my own dreamland that I hadn’t heard Erin open the door.  Instinctually my arms wrapped around my body trying to hide the excitement that was now so visibly showing.  Erin just smiled and held open my robe.
I pushed my arms through the sleeves and she wrapped it softness around my moist skin.
“Do you want to rinse off first or are you ready to begin?”
I thought about it for a moment.  Showering off my sweaty body was probably the right thing to do but I was afraid that if I did I would never have the nerve to come out.  A fear was rising inside me and my mind started screaming to run away.  If I didn’t go now I might not go at all.  
I took a deep breath, grabbing the lapels of my robe to steady myself, and then answered.
“I’m ready.”
There was just a brief moment of silence and then Erin took charge.
“Ok then…follow me.”
Erin led me out of the spa area and down a silent hallway.  The lighting was dim and soft, setting a very specific mood.  The walls were adorned with beautiful erotic artwork, like the kind you would find in the home of art appreciating millionaires.
I could now see the door where Erin was leading me.  It was just a normal nondescript wooden door.  I don’t know why but I was surprised.  I am not sure exactly what I was expecting but knowing what goes on behind this door I expected something more dramatic.
A few moments later we had arrived.
“Ok Dawn.  It looks like you ordered the sensory depravation experience.  That is a very popular choice for our first timers.  I think you are really going to enjoy it.”
I let out a small gasp as my body finally remembered to take a breath.
“There will be blindfold mask and a set of wireless earbuds on the bed inside.  When you are ready just slip off you robe, get into bed, and put them on.  Once you are lying down and ready your experience will begin.  The most important thing to remember is to relax and enjoy it.”
My heart was now beating out of my chest.
“If at any time you are uncomfortable with what is happening or want to stop just say the word “red”.  Have fun and I will be there to get you when you are done.” 
I tried desperately to steel my resolve as I grabbed the bronze doorknob.  I did want this…I needed this.
After a deep breath in and a slow exhale I turned the knob, pushed open the door, and proceeded across the threshold.
* * *
The room was softly lit just like the hallway had been.  I closed the door behind me and scanned the room to take in my surroundings.  There was a large king size bed pushed up against the far wall.  I was a bit surprised by just how plush and luxurious the linens appeared.  A thick fluffy comforter covered the bed and at least ten pillows made for an inviting lounge.
The walls were not the sterile white I had expected and instead were a rich mocha color with more exotic artwork complimenting the colors of the room.  I felt more like I was in someone’s home rather than a brothel chamber.
There was an off white leather chair in the corner where I assumed I should lay my clothing.  I had come here with a purpose and it was now or never.
“Come on Dawn…you can do this…”
I untied the white fabric belt from my robe and let it drape toward s the ground.  The front of my robe slid open and my skin met the warm air of the room.  Despite the warmth I could see goose-bumps forming on my arm.  Adrenaline was surging through me and it took a concerted effort to keep my body under control.
After sliding the robe from my shoulders I laid it across the leather chair.  My soft spa sandals followed and I proceeded to the bed as instructed.
On top of the comforter was the blackout mask and a pair of wireless earbuds unlike anything I had seen before.  I grabbed them off the comforter and moved them to the table beside the bed.
When I pulled back the comforter I noticed the sheets had a slight sheen to them.  My fingers caressed it’s surface and the smoothness felt amazing.
“Those must be silk or something…” I said as I tried to identify the soft buttery fabric.
The decorative pillows were tossed aside as I slid my trembling naked body between the sheets.  This was it, the thing I had been thinking about nonstop ever since Marci had talked me into it.
I began to worry that it wouldn’t be good or that I would be too nervous to enjoy it.  What about my body?  I could definitely stand to lose some weight.  What if he is disgusted by me?
My nerves were getting the better of me and my mind was now louder then ever telling me to run.
I reached over to the table beside the bed grabbing the mask and earbuds.  I quickly slid the dark fabric over my head until my vision was nothing but blackness.  I then moved to put in the wireless earbuds they had provided.  The first slid in easily and I heard a faint static sound.  As I pressed the second bud into place The sounds of the room went silent and the crackle of static was gone.
I couldn’t hear anything.  The hum of the lights, the ruffling of the sheets, the sounds of my own breath…they all disappeared. 
* * *
Laying down between the sheets, I explored my new world, a world without sight and sound.  It was fascinating, the longer I laid in my oblivion the more my other senses came to life.  The nerve endings of my skin explored the intricacies of each and every linen fiber while my mouth tasted the lavender scented air.
My mind was lost in a world of exploration as I probed the darkness.  It was strange just how much the removal of ambient noise affected me.  My own respirations were not something that I had ever actively listened to before but now that they were gone their absence was profoundly noticed.
The air moved across my exposed face…or I think it did.  Was he in the room with me now?  I had forgotten why I was here but feeling of a breeze on my cheek snapped my mind back into focus.
I felt a surge of adrenaline rush through my body and I fought against the compulsion to pull back the mask.  It felt strange and scary to be watched…if I was being watched.  Although I wasn’t positive he was in the room I swore that I could feel his eyes penetrating my cloak of darkness.
My instinct was to grab the sheets and hold them tightly over me but my wanton body and neglected sex drive forcibly kept my hands at my side.  I was frightened and yet my body was becoming more stimulated by the minute.  I could feel my cheeks flushing and my nipples harden.  Although I could not hear them there was no doubt that my breaths was quickening.
What was he waiting for?  Had I really felt that breeze?  Oh my god I think I am losing my mind.  Maybe it was just…
A finger… then two, gently settled against the skin of my cheek and brushed a stray strand of hair behind my ear.  My body jolted in response to his unexpected touch.
I could smell him now.  A distinctly manly smell.  I wasn’t sure how to respond.  Was I supposed to touch him back?  Should I moan to express my approval of his arrival?  I felt so awkward and paralyzed with indecision.  With no idea what to do I just lay there with my arms at my side, waiting for the instructive touch of the mysterious man in the room.
* * *
After stroking my face softly for several minutes his hand cupped my cheek and I felt him lean in for a kiss.  My lips instinctually puckered and were met with a moist minty softness that sent tingles down my spine.  His lips were were full and very pleasurable to the touch.
He pressed into my mouth softly, pulling away after only a few seconds.  I gasp.  He then began to wrap his mouth around each of my lips individually, playfully biting them as he worked his way around my open panting mouth.  
“Oh fuck” the words rang out inside my head as I reveled in the amazing sensation of his attention.
His hand journeyed from my cheek down to my neck and he let his fingers dance along the hem of my pulled up sheets.  I wasn’t nervous anymore.  I desperately hoped and waited for him to grab the silky linens and pull them free.  Every square inch of my body was now competing, screaming out for his attention.
My man of mystery ignored my silent pleas but instead removed his lips from mine and used them to slowly travel my skin down to the sides of my neck, skillfully teasing me, knowing that I wanted more.
Being touched without being able to see or hear was a completely foreign sensation.  It felt strange to moan and have no feedback, to lick my lips and not be able to see the reaction in my lovers eyes.  The touch was like nothing I had every experienced before.  I could feel the grooves of his fingerprints and I could the sense the firing of individual nerve bundles beneath my skin with every new area that he touched.
“Oh my god…yes” I knew the words had escaped from my lips but I could not hear them.
It was an involuntary response as he finally grabbed the hem of my top sheet and began to pull it down towards the end of the bed.
His lips traveled with the sheet and soon my breast were exposed to the warm lavender scented air.  He stopped, not moving the sheet any further.  The hem now rested on my abdomen as my chest heaved upwards, hoping to find his touch.
I did not have to wait long as I felt the warmth of his lips make contact with the underside of my left chest.  I felt his tongue swirl against my skin, just painfully out of reach of my harden nipple which was now crying for attention.
He continued to swirl and tease, moving his mouth around the perimeter of where he knew I wanted it to be.  His hand moved up and made contact with my other breast, working it in the same playful manner as his mouth, making sure never to give me what I wanted.
I pushed up into him, goading, pleading with him to make me wait no longer.  Forgetting my awkwardness I now moved my hands from the bed and reached for the area of the darkness where I assumed his body would be.  My fingers made contact.  It felt like…his back…his very muscular, flexed back.
With some reference my mind now raced to paint a picture in my head of what my mysterious lover looked like.  Just from the little bit that I could feel he was obviously well built and took care of his body.  His hair brushed against my arms and I could feel that it was not too short but not too long.  I pulled every image of hot men that I keep stored in the recesses of my mind, creating a composite of what I hoped he might look like.
“OH FUCK!”
I dug my nails into his back as his lips and fingers finally wrapped around the rock hard bulges in the center of my chest.  He tugged, bit, and swirled my body into a frenzy.  I knew that I was moaning and panting heavily but with no sensation of sound, all I could focus on was the sensations of his touch.
“Oh my god that feels so good” I tried to verbalize, rewarding the behavior I hoped would continue.
I had no idea how hard it was to talk when you can’t hear the sound of your own voice.  I started worrying that I might sound stupid, that I might…
“Oh my god.”
His hand traveled underneath the sheets, down my abdomen, and over my pulsing wet mound.  All of my insecurities were forgotten as his fingers slid down the inside of my thigh my muscles tighten and I forgot to breathe.  However, just as quickly as he had probed beneath the sheets his hand was gone and settled back on my chest.
My toes curled hard against the bed, reeling from the sudden stimulation.  As much as I was enjoying his attention up top I now could think of nothing else but my wanting his attention down below.  Luckily I didn’t have to wait long as his lips continued their journey and I braced for his skillful tongue to arrive at my now dripping wet pussy.
* * *
The sheets were removed slowly from my abdomen and then my hips.  His lips traveled closer and closer until I could almost feel his hot breath against my wet lips.
Then…he stopped.
“No…no…no” I desperately pleaded inside my own head.
“Why was he stopping? Was it over?”
But my worries were soon laid to rest.  My mysterious suitor rose from the bed and continued pulling my covers down until finally even my toes were free and I lay completely naked and exposed.  My self-conscious mind again started to panic about the extra pounds I carried and what this man might think of me but the heat between my legs was more powerful and pushed down these less erotic thoughts.
His hands wrapped around my feet and began to massage the sensitive muscles that had walked me into this room only minutes before.  My body began to fight against itself wanting to both relax into his grip and wrap itself tightly around chiseled form. 
Soon a new sensation joined his fingers as I felt the warm moist pressure of his lips against the inside of my leg.  
“Oh hell yes” I thought as I made the assumption on where those lips might be heading.
Slowly and steadily his attentive mouth traveled up the inside of my legs as his hands helped him explore the newly exposed flesh.  I could feel my hips involuntarily grinding against the bed as I impatiently awaited his tongue.
Closer…closer…
His breath now gathered against the moisture of my swollen clit.  His tongue danced around, only briefly flicking against my sensitive lips.
“Fuck!”
The frustration was almost unbearable.
Teasing…flicking…hovering just out of reach.
I reached down and grabbed the hair on the back of his head.  I flexed my muscles and tried desperately to force him to concede.  But he held firm.  He was strong and I was completely at his mercy.
Finally, my lover…my master, gave me the sweet relief that I so desperately needed.
His tongue flicked rapidly against my already stimulated slit.  
“Oh my god…oh fuck…”
The overwhelming sensation of a pending orgasm flooded my limbs.  There would be little time to enjoy his tongue before my body spilled itself all over his mouth.
“Oh yes…oh fuck…please…please don’t stop…”
He did as I asked and attacked my wanting lips with an eagerness unlike anything I had ever felt before.
“Oh my god…oh….oh….OH FUCK!”
Every muscle in my body tightened as endorphins flooded my veins.  Although I could not hear my own pleasurable screams of relief I could feel the wetness explode from my mound all over my suitors tongue.  He eagerly pulled my pleasure into his mouth making sure not to spill a drop.
My body, still in in the quiet dark abyss, reacted differently to this orgasm.  I could almost see the waves of pleasure dancing behind the darkness of my mask.  The entire experience drew out much longer then anything I had experience before.  I was so focused on the novelty of these knew sensations I didn’t notice when his weight shifted and he got ready to pounce.
* * *
His move was swift and determined as he slid his body up between my legs.  I could feel his rock hard abs against the inside of my thighs as he paused.
One second, two seconds, three seconds…what was he doing…
Then it happened.  I felt the massiveness of his well endowed cock push against the trembling wet lips between my leg and then enter my still pulsing passage.
“Oh my god” the words rolled off my tongue.
Now I knew what the pause was about.  My professional must have been putting on a condom for me before sliding his girth against my sensitive walls and stirring the beginnings of another orgasm.
His penetration felt amazing and my body responded appropriately.  With the way my body was responding to him it was hard to tell if the first orgasm had ever stopped or if this one was completely new.  My head started to spin as the exhaustive pleasure of his efforts built on top of each other.
“Oh my god…fuck me…” my dirty mind began making itself known.
“Harder…harder…”
He responded to my request, thrusting his pleasurable rod into me with increasing intensity.
“Oh my god yes…harder…oh fuck…”
I was well past the point of no return now.  As my body prepared for another cascade of tingling sensations I felt his muscles quickly tighten.  He slowed, then held himself still, deeply penetrated inside me.  What was  he doing?  What is..
Then I felt it.  His cock began twitching and spasming inside me.
“Oh my god…did he just orgasm?”
I had never really considered reciprocating his efforts but the fact that he was so excited, so lustful for me that he couldn’t hold back, made me feel unbelievably sexy and I once again dug my nails into his back.
His hips began to thrust again as his hard cock rubbed against my clit.  Only moments away from my own twitching release I couldn’t help but crack a beaming smile at the idea I made this professional uncontrollably cum.
Finally, I reached the precipice again and took an orgasmic leap into the darkness as my passage tightened around his shaft.  With his cock still twitching, my tightness worked to draw out any remain pleasure from his cock while spilling my own around it.
Instinctually and without thought, I threw my arms up around his neck and pulled myself into his embrace.  He collapsed next to me and pulled my head onto his chest.  
I laid cradled in his arms, feeling the pleasure chemicals drain and get reabsorbed into my body.  Smelling his distinct smell and listening to the rapid beating of his heart through his chest, I forgot that he was paid to be there.  I forgot that this was a service, bought for me by a friend.  This felt like something more.
I am not sure how long we laid there together but my fantasy was soon interrupted as he kissed my forehead and moved to get up.  A finger softly brushed against my ear and the ear bud was gently pulled away.
“I am going to leave now.  Please take your time and lay here as long as you want.  When you are ready you can remove the mask and get dressed.  Erin will be waiting outside the door to take care of you.”
I couldn’t believe it was over.  I couldn’t believe that my lover was leaving me.
“Thank you Dawn.  I really enjoyed my time with you.”
The earbud was replaced and just like that my lover disappeared into the ether of my sensory deprivation.  I continued to lay there, thinking about all that I had just experienced.  This was unlike anything I expected.  It was unlike anything I had experienced before.
Reluctantly, I pulled my mask off and exposed my eyes to the dimly lit room.  The earbuds came out next and the hum of the world rushed back into my head.  It was amazing to now notice all of the sounds I had never noticed before.  I felt almost like I was experiencing the world through someone else’s senses.  
I slowly got up from the silky sheets and made my way to the chair which held my plush robe in the corner of the room.  After taking a few more moments to collect myself I proceeded to the door and opened it to find a smiling Erin holding a glass of champagne and a rose.
“I hope you enjoyed your appointment.  These are for you.  Now let me take you back to the spa where you can relax until you are ready to go.”
I spent a little time back in the steam room, sipping on my champagne.  When I reached the bottom of the glass I knew it was time to go.  Reluctantly I put my clothes on and returned to the “real life” that waited for me outside those walls.
* * *
“So…”
I smiled at her sheepishly.
“Come on…tell me everything!”
Marci and I were having dinner and she was desperate for details on what went on at my appointment.
“Well…” I wasn’t sure what to say.
I knew that it was a professional service but it still felt intimate to me.  It felt strange to talk about it with my friend, even though she is the one that had forced me to go.
“It was amazing” I conceded.
“It was…it was unlike anything I have ever experienced before.”
Marci smiled, giddy to start hearing my gossip.
“There was just something about him…he…” I searched for the right words.
“To be honest, I don’t know how to describe it.”
She laughed at me and took a sip from her wine.
“So, do you think you will go back?  You know that they have lot’s of different men and many more services to choose from?”
I thought about her question for a while, sipping my wine as the idea of him danced around in my head.
“I think so…is that crazy?  Am I some sort of sexual deviant?”
“No way Dawn!  Hell, I will go back with you and we can try out some of their other…selection” she said with a wink.
“Actually…I know I haven’t even seen him but…I really want the same guy again.  There is just something about him.  He brings out something inside of me…a want…a craving.”
“Wow, listen to you” Marci said as I blushed in embarrassment.  
As the sensation of his touch and the sensation of him inside of me returned to my mind I could only think of one thing to say.
“So Marci…what are these other services you were talking about?”

Continue the story with Crave Part One.  Or you can download the entire trilogy at a discount with Crave (Parts 1-3).


Training
As I sat in the plush leather chair looking around at the office foyer I couldn’t help but feel like I was in the lobby of a five star hotel.  The walls were accented with a dark rich mahogany wood trim adorned with beautiful artwork which looked like it would fit better for a museum.  Who knows, with the history of this company and the man that runs it that may be exactly where the art came from.
I still couldn’t believe I had received the call for this interview.  The most successful entrepreneur and investor of our time was looking for a apprentice and after multiple phone interviews, medical exams, and psychological batteries here I was.  This was the opportunity of a lifetime and I had to remind myself to keep breathing.  My entire body tingled with anticipation and I started to feel dizzy.  
“Keep it together Mindy” I kept pleading with myself.  It didn’t help that this incredibly handsome titan of industry had, on more then one occasion, been the focus of my fantasy while pleasuring myself before drifting off to sleep.
At the dawn of my college tenure I never would have dreamed the field of finance would be my ultimate destination.  The early years of my education had been spent learning just how much alcohol it would take for me to remove my clothes.  This almost always led to a very unsatisfactory night with an equally intoxicated frat boy and a walk of shame back to my dorm.
That had all changed my sophomore year when I was fulfilling my core curriculum requirements with an ECON 101 class and was introduced to Professor Moore.  He was funny, inspiring, and most of all encouraging when I showed some promise with the subject matter.  Three years later I had graduated at the top of my class only to enter one of the worst economies the country had ever seen.  After the daily grind of living with my parents for over eighteen months I was giving up hope and starting to go stir crazy.
Then Mr. Moore had called with that offer.  I just couldn’t believe how lucky I was that he had a connection to this visionary icon and thought to recommended me.  Now I just needed to make sure I don’t blow it.  Suddenly a sound startled me and I looked up.
“Ms. Laskin, Mr. Keselman will see you now.”
* * *
I took a deep breath, stood up, and with all the pseudo-confidence I could muster followed the receptionist through the door.  She led me down a long hallway lined with heavy solid wood doors that again reminded me of the glitzy hotels I had seen in movies.  As we approached an apparent dead-end the reception guided me to the right.   This section of the hallway was different having no doors except for a huge entryway that towered over us and suddenly made me feel very small.  The walls in this section were lined with the seemingly endless awards and accolades collected by this brilliant man.
Once we arrived at the imposing gates of his castle the receptionist opened the door and motioned for me to enter.  I slowly crossed the threshold and with the sound of a door clicking behind me I peered around the room in awe.  Two of the walls were constructed of floor to ceiling windows looking out over the Chicago Skyline.  There were unique and beautiful art pieces strategically occupying the vast expanses of open space in the suite.
Just as my vision moved past an elegant painting of probably the most beautiful woman I have ever seen my eyes locked onto his. I froze and after a few seconds realized I was holding my breath.  Mr. Keselman was movie star gorgeous with air of power that was intimidating.  As he approached I tried to ready myself but found my vision uncontrollably drawn down his well tailored shirt which hugged the chiseled chest beneath.  With the bottom of his sleeves rolled up I could just make out the sinewy bulge created by his incredibly strong forearms.  If I wasn’t mistaken there was another bulge that was making it’s presence known as well.  Could his cock really be that huge that I could see it through the drape of his dress pants?
“Mindy”  The sound stunned me and I soon realized I had been staring directly at the object of my desire in so many fantasies.  I snapped up to look him in the eye and extended my hand to shake his.  My fingers were met with nothing but air.  Keselman had stopped just out of reach and was staring intensely at me with his deep blue eyes.  Unsure of what to do I began to walk towards him hand outstretched for introductions.
“Stop.” His command startled me and the butterflies in my stomach now fluttered with anticipation.
“Sir, I don’t…” 
“Just stand there and let me have a look at you.”  I could feel my heart pounding as he looked me up and down.  
“Joe Moore thinks pretty highly of you.”  My knees were starting to feel as if they could buckle at any moment.  What was he doing?  Was this some sort of test.  As he stared at me I could feel my skin beginning to flush.  
“Now turn around slowly.”  I did as he commanded.  I felt completely powerless to voice.  I slowly turned in place being careful to keep my balance.  Was I dreaming this whole scene.  The entire experience felt too surreal.
“Stop.” he ordered me softly.  I had turned exactly one hundred eighty degrees and was facing away from him.  Silence consumed the room and I began to shift uncomfortably waiting for his next instruction.
“So Mindy, I am looking for looking for somebody to fill a position.  This position will require complete commitment.  I would require you to completely submit to my needs and my demands.  Is this something that you feel you can do?”
“I think so” I said breathlessly as I still stood facing away from him staring out the wall of windows.
“Well that is just not going to cut it Mindy.  This is an all or nothing position.  I need to know that I can rely on you completely.  So I ask you again, can you submit to me?”
What was he asking?  Was I misreading his intentions?  Was this all some sort of psychological test to be able to join his world of power brokers or did he want something more?  Did the influence of my fantasies cloud my judgement?  Either way I wanted to submit to this man.  Whatever sacrifices he needed me to make I wanted to be with him.  I wanted to stare at his beautifully chiseled body.  I wanted to feel his power.
“Yes Mr. Keselman I can submit to you” 
* * *
“Good.  I think Moore was right about you.  I believe you are going to fit in well here.  The job is yours for now.  Just remember your commitment to me.  When I ask something from you I expect your absolute compliance.  Now go home and rest.  Tomorrow I want you here at midnight to begin your training.”
“Midnight?”
“That’s right I want you here at twelve o’clock sharp.  Is that going to be a problem?”
“No Mr. Keselman that will be fine.”
“We will be entertaining some clients so dress nicely.”
“Yes sir, I will see you tomorrow”
I turned towards the door and retreated from the office still feeling dizzy and confused.  What had just happened and what kind of “submission” was he expecting from me.  As I walked down the hallway towards the exit I noticed for the first time that my nipples were hard and my underwear was wet.  Oh God, had he noticed.  Flustered I did the best I could to adjust my top so that no one would see my excitement.
Upon arriving at home I was greeted with probing questions from my parents.  “How did it go?” “Did you get the job?”  I gave them a quick highly edited synopsis of our meeting.  I told them that I had been offered the job but was very tired and really needed to get some sleep.  Darting upstairs to my room I was welcomed with the thought that hopefully this would not be my room for too much longer.  I think my parents were as excited to get rid of me as I was for my freedom.
As I collapsed onto my bed my eyes gazed at the ceiling and I replayed the events of the day.  I still could not wrap my head around what exactly had happened.  Maybe I was reading too much into his comments.  Perhaps he was just some weird guy on a power trip.  As much as I tried to rationalize it in my head my intuition told me otherwise.  There had been a tension in that office.  I was sure he was looking for more then just an apprentice.  
With thoughts of Keselman flooding my head I could feel myself again getting wet.  I slowly slid my hand down to my clit and pressed down.  Oh how I wish that was him.  With small circles I moved the sensitive folds of skin against each other as I imagined how his tongue would feel.  Closing my eyes I moved my finger down lower and a tingle shot through me.  My body was responding in a way it never had before.  The sensations were heightened as I recalled that blue eyed stare.
The circles of my fingers tighten as I began to increase speed.  Oh god how I wanted it to be true.  I wanted to submit to this man.  I wanted him to take me and do all the things I had been dreaming of.  The image of his powerful arms holding me in place.  Then the slow, full penetration of his huge cock filling me up.  My fingers were now moving frantically over my slit as I desperately craved for the release.  Then biting my lip I felt a deep surge well up inside of me until I absolutely could take no more.  Huge orgasmic waves surged through me causing me to bit my lip and tear at the sheets in quieted ecstasy.  
I laid there drinking in the heightened sensation of it all.  Then slowly and without knowing I drifted off to sleep. 
* * *
In only one hour I would be starting my first day working for one of the most powerful men in the world by entertaining clients of his at a midnight cocktail party..  What the hell was I supposed to do at this gathering I wondered.  Was he having me come to act as a server and fetch anything he might need.  Did he expect me to actually take part and interact with a room full of millionaires and billionaires?  If this was his expectation what on earth was I supposed to add to the conversation.
I had not grown up around wealth and power and had absolutely no idea what was expected of me.  The more I considered the possible scenarios for the evening the more my nerves were getting the better of me.  Driving down the road to his office I just turned up the music and tried to tune out my worries.  Considering who I was going to work for I had better get used to situations like this.  I just needed to follow Keselman’s lead, listen, and do as I am told and I am sure everything will work out fine.
When I arrived at the office building I noticed that it was mostly dark.  Lights always remained on in the lower lobby and you could see a couple of windows lit up occupied by workers burning the candle at both ends in a dire attempt to stay relevant and keep their jobs in a desperate economy. I headed to the elevator and punched the button for the 60th floor.  Keselman’s company owned the entire top three floors of the building and had their name boldly lit on all four sides.  As the numbers counted up I felt the nerves begin to build.  “Just focus on breathing” I mumbled to myself.
With a loud ding the elevator came to a sudden halt and the doors slide open.  I walked through the lobby and down the same hall I had so nervously been escorted through the previous day.  As I approached the massive set of doors that led to Keselman’s office I paused, straightened my cocktail dress, and took a another deep breath.  Turning the doorknob I exhaled and took a timid step forward.
Inside the cavernous office beautiful people stood in small groups sipping cocktails and laughing at bits of conversation.  I felt like I had walked into a magazine shoot.  The men were chiseled and distinguished and the woman were absolutely stunning.  I suddenly felt very inadequate and out of place.  Just as I was getting ready to sneak back out the door to compose myself in the bathroom Keselman came up beside me and put his powerful hand on the small of my back.  His touch sent a shiver up my spine.
“Mindy, do you remember what we discussed yesterday?” he whispered in my ear.  
“Yes, Mr. Keselman I remember and I am here to do whatever it takes.”  
“Good, that’s exactly what I wanted to hear.  Tonight there are two things I need you to remember.  First, for the rest of the night you will refer to me as Master.  Second, if you ever feel uncomfortable with what is happening and want it to stop you will say the word Apple as in Adam and Eve’s.  If I hear that word I will consider your request and may allow it to stop.”
“Allow what to stop?  I don’t understand”
“That is all you need to know right now.  Are you ready for instructions?”
“Yes Mr. Keselman, I mean Master.”
“Then let us begin.”
* * *
“Ladies and gentlemen, our entertainment for the evening has arrived.  Please welcome Mindy my new apprentice.  She is new and has never done this before so we must work hard tonight to train her right.  Cynthia, would you please escort Mindy.”
I stood there frozen as a beautiful unassuming blond haired woman walked towards me.  She was smiling broadly as she gently grabbed my arm.  “Oh honey just relax, you really going to enjoy this” she whispered as we walked towards the center of the room.  A circle began to form around us as we stopped in it’s center.
“Cynthia, would you please prepare her” Keselman said from the corner of the room.  Cynthia reached for the zipper on the back of my dress.  I instinctively flinched and grabbed at the black fabric.  She paused and looked at me.  Then a hole formed in the circle and Keselman walked towards me.  I was overwhelmed with fear and excitement as he locked his gaze on mine.  
“Now Mindy, you said that you were ready to submit to me.  Is that still true?” 
I looked at his muscular chest now visible with the top shirt button undone.  I wanted him so badly but I had never in my fantasies pictured myself at the center of attention for so many people.  I had watched gangbang porn on my computer before out of curiousity but had never imagined I would find myself in this situation.  The videos on the computer had always been so hot and sexy with the women being lusted after from every direction.  The men in these groups could rarely control themselves and would battle for position just to get the attention of the woman.  Thoughts of all that muscle pushing and pulling at me and the moans of pleasure were starting to make me wet.  
I did want to be that woman.  I wanted to be dominated.  I wanted to be filled with the throbbing cocks of men that lusted after me.  I wanted to feel Keselman inside of me.
“Yes Master, I will submit to you.”
He nodded at Cynthia who began to undress me slowly.  I could see the men in the crowd starting to remove their jackets.  I wasn’t sure exactly what would come next but I was now almost dripping with anticipation.  Soon I was naked looking around the room at the men and women who circled me.  With no drink in my hands to fidget with I was nervously pulling at my fingers.
“Lay down on your back”
I lowered myself onto the cool clean office floor.  My nipples were rock hard and I was getting goosebumps up and down my body.  I closed my eyes and began to visualize what might be coming.  The room was quiet and I could hear my breath quickening.  Suddenly there was a pair of hands on me, then another, and another.  The sensation was overwhelming as fingers ran through my hair and around my chest.  Hands were massaging my legs and circling my clit.  I was almost ready to explode when I felt someone turn my head and slowly sink a warm hard throbbing cock into my mouth.  He grabbed the top of my head and pushed hardness all the way into the back of my throat.  Opening my eyes I looked up to see a bronzed six pack.  His head tilted back in ecstasy as he continued to thrust.  I tried to relax but his huge cock was more then I could take and I started to gag.  He pulled back and ran his fingers across my face to let me know I had done well.
“Oh you are going to need some training” the man said laughingly.  He then grabbed my head and pushed back in.  Right as I though he would push too far he pulled back with a teasing look on his face.  He cock was warm and tasted like sex.  Looking up at his face as he rolled his head in pleasure drove me absolutely wild.  As I was transfixed by the flexing of his muscles with each thrust I felt someone plunge  their fingers into my wet pussy.  The sensation was mind-blowing.  
My body was tingling from head to toe in response to so many hands manipulating my flesh. The penetration of his fingers caused a pleasurable shock wave to travel from his now wet hand to up to my face.  As he slowly worked his fingers over my sensitive nerve bundles I felt the the cock in my mouth increasing speed and depth.  I looked up to find the man in absolute uncontrollable enthusiasm.  He opened his eyes and looked down at me.
“I am going to cum down your throat and I want you to swallow it, ok?”  I looked up at him eagerly acknowledging his instructions.  After this traded glance he closed his eyes again and grabbed my hair.  The thrusts were slower and much deeper.  I could feel his cock pulsating in my mouth and I wanted it so badly.  Then with one final grunting push I felt the hot salty cum splash against the back of my throat.  It felt so good and I eagerly followed my directions.
Just as my chiseled adonis stepped away I was surrounded my two more well hung men eagerly wanting my attention.  I grabbed the two warm hard cocks and pulled them both into my mouth.  I had watched porn in which the women had been the center of a gang bang and this always seemed like something they did.  Although not as big as the previous member I had wrapped my mouth around the two together barely fit.  I stretched my mouth as wide as I could and grabbing the cocks by there base pulled them into me.  Working my tongue around the shafts the men responded with pleasurable moans.  
As I was focused my efforts to please these two new suitors I could feel the man between my legs lower himself into position.  A warm sensation covered my clit as his tongue slowly applied pressure in pleasing circles.  Oh god how I loved that feeling and he was obviously very experienced.  He sensuously worked his tongue around my pussy while one of my oral lovers took control of my head.  I continued to pull on the other cock, beckoning for another satisfied release. My head was tilted back opening my throat and I now looked up to find an eager attractive man propped over me with his triceps bulging from the weight.  He looked down at me with piercing hazel eyes.
“You are so fucking hot Mindy.  I am going to fuck your mouth now.”
“Oh god yes, give it to me.”  I couldn’t believe I was saying this.  Just an hour ago I was a fairly innocent nervous girl worried about impressing her new boss.  Now I was being dominated by this group of gorgeous power-brokers wanting to push me to my limits and all I could think about was wanting more.  It felt so good to let go and be lusted after.  I now understand why Keselman had given me a “safe word” but I had no intention of using it.
Keeping my head back I opened my mouth and waited for his penetration. Relaxing I closed my eyes and felt the skin of his cock slide down my open throat.  My previous oral workout had prepared me and I did not gag.  He began to move back and forth with my mouth now creating a sucking sound.  His tip was driven so deep I could barely handle it but I wanted to please him.  I wanted to feel him lose control and explode in my mouth.  
Encouraging his lust I reached up and grabbed his ass with my fingernails.  This seemed to release his animalistic tendencies and I could feel the loss of control.  His sounds became louder and more frequent.  His thrusting was faster and more aggressive.  It was getting difficult to handle the pressure of his  huge cock desperate probing deeper down my throat but I wanted it so badly.  Suddenly he lowered his weight and buried my face deep in his rock hard abdomen.  It was difficult to breath but I knew that he was past the point of no return.  With two final thrust I felt his entire body tense and an explosion of warmth filled my mouth.  
As he withdrew I felt myself being guided up to my knees.  Keselman entered the circle looking me up and down.   He stopped directly in front of me with his giant hard cock inches from my face.  He was by far the most well hung in the room.  His cock had to be over eight inches long but more impressive it seemed to be at least twice as thick as the rest.
“Are you ready Mindy?” he said as he stared down at my longing eyes.
“Yes Master.” I said softly.
He laid down on the floor next to me and guided my hips on top of him.  I reached down to grab his enormous manhood and eased the tip into my wet pussy.  He grabbed my waist and with a forceful tug pulled me down plunging his cock deep.  I shuddered with gratefulness.  This was better then any fantasy I had ever imagined with him.  Staring at every muscular curve of his body I slowly started moving back and forth sliding his cock in and out.  I could not believe how fully he occupied me.  His thickness felt unbelievable.  It was a fullness I had never felt before.
As I continued to slide my hips against his he reached up and pulled me in tightly.  Then with incredible gentleness he wrapped his lips around my bottom lip and kissed me.  The other men had not done this yet.  It seemed that kissing was a right reserved for Keselman alone.  He continued to hold me against him and kissed me more deeply working his tongue around mine.  My head began to feel dizzy again as the shock of his kiss took my breath away.  He then pulled his lips close to my ear and whispered “I want you to relax and keep looking at me.”
I wasn’t sure what exactly he had meant by this comment until I felt another pair of hands now touching the small of my back.  The fingers were gently massages the muscles of my lower back and buttocks.  Nervously I felt them begin to slide slowly into my ass.  As I began to tense Keselman squeezed my arm to refocus my attention.
“Just keep looking at me Mindy” his soft words comforted me.  I breathed deeply and renewed my efforts by pushing myself down deeply onto his massive cock.  As I continued the rolling of my hips I heard the pop of a bottle top and felt a wet slightly cool sensation in my ass as my unseen new partner began to gently work his lubricated fingers in and out of my tight hole.  I had never done anything like this before.  The sensation was slightly painful at first but quickly turned into a pleasing pressure sensation.  The harder my new partner worked the harder I thrusted on Keselman.  I felt myself building towards climax but tried to hold back as I didn’t want this moment to end.
I felt an increase in pressure as he inserted another finger to prepare me.  We continued to increase the depth and speed of our trio until I was about to burst.  As if sensing my impending release I felt a pair of hands grab my hips firmly halting me in place.  Then one hand released as I felt the unmistakable form of his cock approaching my freshly lubricated hole.  I was scared and excited trying to focus on Keselman’s deep blue eyes.
He gently worked the tip in and I felt the same painful sensation I had before.  I closed my eyes tightly.  Keselman pulled me in closer again gently kissing my lips.  The other man worked in the rest of his seven inches slowly allowing me to adjust and relax as he went.  Then as he slowly moved back and forth the pain dulled and the incredible pressure sensation returned.  I now had two sets of hands on my hips guiding my movements up and down on their cocks.  The feeling was absolutely amazing.  I felt so full, so complete.  I signaled my approval and the men increased their intensity.
As our movements began to sync Keselman shifted his hands to my breasts and worked his fingers around my rock hard nipples.  He never touched the nipples themselves but relentlessly teased me as my pleasure was mounting to an uncontainable tsunami.  I needed release and began to thrust my hips back into theirs.  My moans of pleasure became uncontrollably louder and I began to yell the only thing my mind could put together “Fuck me, fuck me harder”.
The men were happy to oblige as they held on and stuffed me full.  I could feel them begin to throb and let myself go.  As they continued to pound away I felt an explosion of pleasure and lust release in waves over my whole body causing me to drop onto Keselman’s Chest.  Within seconds I heard the wild sounds of both men losing control and felt warm pulsing pleasure fill my body.
We collapsed onto each other in a sweaty ball of sex-spent bodies.  I felt the top man slowly withdraw from me touching my lower back in approval as he left.  As I regained my composure and slowed my breathing I opened my eyes to see Keselman looking directly back at me.  His face a mixture of seriousness and approval.  I felt his muscles tighten and in one fluid motion was picked up into his powerful arms that now carried me in a cradle.  He walked towards the back of his office as the crowds parted.  Ahead of us was a door that I had not previously noticed.  The door was built to blend into the wall in which it was recessed.  He reached down, turned the handle, and slowly opened it.
* * *
As the door silently glided open I peered around to find us in probably the most opulent bathroom I had ever seen.  Looking around the spacious room it was akin to a luxury spa and smelled the same.  The light coming from the sparkling chandeliers above were dimmed low and I could hear a soft humming sound coming from the other side of the room.
Keselman shut the door with his foot and gently carried me towards the low hum.  As we neared the mysterious noise I was now able to identify the hum.  It was coming from a hot tub that was running with bubbles lining it’s surface and steam rising from the soothing waters.  We stopped next to tub and with seemingly little effort he lowered me into the perfectly hot temperatures of the whirlpool.  I could instantly smell lavender but was not sure if it originated from bath salts or the many candles surrounding that surrounded me.  
A soft soothing music played from hidden speakers as I stared up at this man wondering what had just happened.
“Take your time and enjoy the bath.  I have fresh clothes I purchased for you hanging on a hook by the sofa in the corner.  I will be waiting for you outside when you are done.”
He slowly strolled towards the door and with a smooth pull of the knob was gone. I sat in the bubbling and swirling water replaying the events of the past couple hours.  Everything seemed so surreal that I half expected to wake up from a dream.  But this was no dream.  All of it had really happened and now I sat in steamy scent filled waters separated from one of the most powerful men in the world by a door.  A powerful man that had seen something in me that I had not even seen myself.  
What would happen now I wondered.  Was I just his sex toy?  Would he send me packing when he was bored of me or did he want something more?  I spent the next thirty minutes rolling these thoughts through my head coming no closer to an answer.  I realized that I could not stay in this tub hiding forever.  It was time for me to go out there and face the man that had me so off balance.
I climbed out of the tub and wrapped myself in the luxuriously soft towel which had been left for me.  It felt absolutely amazing against my skin.  I noticed as I stood naked in the center of the room that the ambient temperature had been perfectly set.  I was warm but not too warm.  Dropping the towel I walked over to the clothes draped over the sofa.  Out of the corner of my eye I caught a glance of my naked body in the mirrors.  I stopped and looked.  Something felt different.  The woman looking into the mirror was more confident then I felt.  My body felt sore, exhausted, and absolutely amazing.  The faces of lusting men flashed through my mind.  They had been lusting after me, after this body.  I have never felt more wanted and appreciated as I was made to feel by this group of men.  Chuckling to myself I continued to survey the outfit.
The clothes looked classy but comfortable.  I slid on the top and noticed it was a perfect fit.  How on earth had he been able to buy me a perfectly fitting outfit when I had a hard time shopping for myself.  Pulling up the skirt I was unsurprised by another flattering fit.  On the table next to the sofa a glass of cool lemon infused water had been poured for me and I took a large swig.  On my slightly sore throat the cool water felt amazing.  I looked across the bathroom at the exit.
With a few more deep breaths I headed towards the door.  When I turned the knob and pushed it open I found a room that had only moments before been filled with the smells of sweat and sex now smelled crisp, clean, and was vacant of all the party goers except one.  Keselman with a scotch tumbler in his hand rose from the couch and walked towards me.  I nervously fidgeted with my top.  After what I had just been through how could this man still make me feel like a nervous girl on the first day of school.
“So, what did you think of this evenings festivities?”
“I really enjoyed it.” I said sheepishly
“Good, you did well.  Although you have a long way to go.  Are you ready to continue your training?”
I froze.  What did he mean I had a long way to go.  What plans did this man have in store for me.  Even now looking at him I craved him inside me.  I wanted more but what type of training did this man have in mind.  I was excited and afraid of what might come.  This man had opened me up to a world I hadn’t known existed and I was addicted.  If I wanted to be with him then I must take the risk.  I must trust him.
So looking into his powerful penetrating eyes I licked my lips, took a breath, and said

“Yes Master, I am ready to continue my training”

Continue the story with Promotion (Billionaire Submission Part 2).  Or you can download the entire trilogy at a discount with Omnibus (Complete Billionaire Submission Trilogy).


From The Author
I hope you enjoyed Desires Part One.  Continue the story with Desires Part Two or download the entire series at a discount with  Desires (Parts 1-3).

For all books by Mindy Wilde you can visit my website www.mindywilde.com.

If you liked this story or any of my other titles please post a review when you are finished reading.  I really appreciate the feedback and your comments help me plan future fantasies for your reading pleasure.

To stay up to date on the latest releases you can sign up to receive my newsletter: 
Mindy Wilde Mailing List

Connect with me on:
www.facebook.com/mindywilderomance
twitter.com/mindywilde
