Designing The Love
Book #5 of The Griffin Brothers
by Crystal Perkins
Smashwords Edition
Copyright (c) 2014 by Crystal Perkins
Cover Design by Helen Williams
http://www.allbookedout.com/
Ebook formatting by Jesse Gordon
All trademarks are owned by their respective companies and are denoted by the use of proper capitalization of the company and/or brand.
All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book. This contemporary erotic romance is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners. This ebook is licensed for your personal use only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with, especially if you enjoy sexy, emotional, romance novels with alpha males. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author’s work.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
About Designing The Love
Other Books by Crystal Perkins
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Epilogue
Acknowledgements
About the Author
About Designing The Love
The boy she loved has now
become the man she despises...
Fashion designer Quinn Daniels has been in love with tattoo artist Zane Wilson for over half her life. When they were younger he only had eyes for one girl, and it wasn’t her. But for the last seven years he’s been hers, and it’s been perfect. Two months ago that all changed. His girl from the past showed up, and he left with her. Now he’s back, and wants another chance, but trusting him almost destroyed her once. She’s not ready to make the same mistake again.
His heart’s been broken, and only one
woman can put it back together again...
Zane Wilson loves Quinn Daniels more than life itself. Yeah he was a stupid teenager, and thought he was in love with the wrong girl, but that all changed seven years ago. He let Quinn go once so she could pursue her dreams, and again when he thought he was doing the right thing. But he’s done making mistakes, and letting his past interfere with the present and future he wants with her. Now he just needs to convince her that she’s the only woman he’s ever truly loved, and that he’s never going to leave her again.
A secret heartache could break them up
for good—or make them stronger than ever...
Just when it looks like they may have a second chance at love, the other woman comes to town again, and this time she’s not alone. Zane’s going to need help this time, because it’s not just Quinn he’s fighting for. Can she help him heal while still protecting herself?
Other Books by Crystal Perkins
Gaming For Love (The Griffin Brothers #1)
Building Our Love (The Griffin Brothers #2)
Creating A Love (The Griffin Brothers #3)
Learning To Love (The Griffin Brothers #4)
For Ally, thanks for helping me get my
first tattoo and for being awesome in general!
For Wacky, thanks for being so nice
when I got that tattoo (it barely hurt) and
hugging me after because I was alone!
Chapter 1
Zane
I made the biggest mistake of my life two months ago. I knew the choice I was making was wrong, but I did it anyway. I thought I had to leave Quinn at the wedding and go with Whitney. I felt that if I didn’t, I’d always be wondering, “what if.” Then I found out the real reason Whit needed me, and I couldn’t just abandon her. So, I spent these past months with the girl I once thought I’d love forever. In the process, I lost the woman I know I love.
I’m going to get her back, though. Quinn is everything to me. That’s why I’m here in Las Vegas. I left my manager in charge of my tattoo shop, telling him I have no clue when I’ll be back. He can handle it. My clients may be pissed, but I can’t worry about that now. I have to come up with a plan.
I need my buddy, Scott, to help me. He’s not speaking to me at the moment. He came to Chicago with his brothers a few times to try and talk some sense into me. I didn’t listen to him, and now he won’t listen to me. I deserve it. I know that. But I’m not giving up.
Quinn is with his family. She could be with him and his wife Yasmin, or with any of his brothers. Maybe even his parents. The Griffins are awesome, and will help their friends and family any time they need it. Quinn definitely needed it, and I’m grateful to them, but now I need to find her.
I saw her at Luke Griffin’s wedding, but she told me to leave. The Griffins weren’t going to let me anywhere near her, so I left. I’m not leaving Vegas, though. Not without Quinn. I won’t force her or stalk her or any crazy shit like that. I’m going to prove that I love her and that I’m sorry. Then she’ll take me back and we’ll live happily ever after—if only it was that easy. I know it’s not, but what I described is the only acceptable outcome for me.
* * *
Quinn
I’ve been in Las Vegas for two months now. I thank God every day for the Griffin family and how they’ve helped me. I have a great place to stay, and I love working with Chloe. It’s not fashion, but it is design, and she makes it fun for both of us. She does the major design work but lets me contribute my ideas, and then we work together to bring her vision to life.
The first building I worked on is almost ready. We just need to go in and put the finishing touches on it. It’s a building for a non-profit in Tucson. We’ll be going there next week to check on the progress. I can’t wait! After Zane showed up here last week, I need to get out of town. If he pursues me, I’m going to go back to him. I won’t be able to help it. I have been in love with him since we were twelve. We’re twenty-five now and if anything, I love him even more.
We grew up together in the same Chicago neighborhood, but our lives changed right before we started middle school. After years of struggling, my dad finally landed a good job. Actually, it was a great job. We ended up moving across town into a big house. Zane had been raised by a single mom, who was a chef at a local restaurant. Around the same time that my dad got his job, his mom recognized for her cooking in a local newspaper. After that, an investor offered her money to open a string of restaurants around Chicago and the suburbs. They moved in down the street from us and the Griffins, who had also grown up with us.
Zane and I were always good friends, but things changed for me that summer. My heart decided to get involved, and I saw him as more. Unfortunately, he could only see Whitney. The perfect girl who always wore dresses and looked like she’d stepped out of the TV or a magazine. How could I compete with that when most days I was in funky dresses, or jeans and combat boots? The answer is simple. I couldn’t.
It only got worse in high school. They weren’t the golden couple—they couldn’t be. Zane wasn’t interested in being part of the popular crowd, or trying to fit in. But they were inseparable. He still defended me against the bullies who tormented me for not dressing like everyone else and gave me a friendly hug when he saw me, but that was it. I didn’t think he’d ever see me differently. Eventually he started drifting away from me and fell more into her orbit.
I would still text him once a week or so to see how he was doing, but he never initiated any contact. I had to make the hard decision to give up and try to be happy without him in my life. I never conformed to the clothes or uptight styles of the popular kids, and once I took the fashion design class my school offered, I found what I never knew I’d been missing. A purpose and a dream.
I graduated high school and was all set on going to New York to attend a prestigious fashion school. Then Zane walked back into my life. I’ll never forget that day. It was the day that my heart broke for the man I loved, as I watched him cry for someone else. I held him as he told me Whitney wouldn’t give up her inheritance to be with him. That she didn’t love him enough. That he wasn’t enough. New money was worse than no money to her parents.
I comforted him all summer and tried to reassure him that he was better off without her. My parents watched us closely. I know they were afraid I was going to give up my dreams to stay there with him. I didn’t, though. As much as I loved him, I knew he didn’t love me like that, and I couldn’t just give up everything to sit around and hope he would one day realize I was there with him. That I would always choose him if he wanted me.
The night before I left for New York, we made love for the first time. I’d been with a couple of guys from school, and he’d been with Whitney, so it wasn’t our first time in that sense. However, it was the first time I felt it in my soul. I thought he also felt something because he was so sweet and gentle with me. The next morning, he just kissed me on the forehead and disappeared. I got on the plane to New York and was thankful that I had been able to have that one night with him. I thought that was the end, but it was only the beginning.
* * *
Zane
As I’m sitting, watching the praying mantis breathe fire outside of Container Park in downtown Vegas, I can’t help remembering the summer I spent with Quinn before she went off to college in New York. And the first night we made love. I can’t pinpoint the exact moment it happened, but I knew by the end of that summer I was in love with her. Real love. I’d always thought I’d had it with Whitney, but what I felt for Quinn was different. It was about a mutual give and take, not just always giving until your heart hurt.
I knew I couldn’t ask her to give up her dreams and stay with me. I was already accepted into an art school in Chicago, and it was too late to apply for one in New York, so, I let her go. No, I did more than that. I made her think the one night we had was all it’d ever be. I had to let her go. It was the right thing to do. Not because it was the easy way out—nothing about that decision was easy.
I couldn’t completely stay away. I texted her every day and told her how proud I was of her. I missed her so much, and her face ended up on more of my school projects, than not. A couple of months into the semester, she told me she was dating a guy who lived in her dorm. I knew it was bound to happen, but it still felt like my heart was being ripped out. I didn’t break off contact with her, though. I really did love her, and if this guy could make her happy, I had to be supportive.
When she brought the jerk home for Thanksgiving, all bets were off. He was rude to everyone and treated Quinn like she was less than him. Apparently, he thought being a business major was more important than being a fashion designer. Things came to a head at dinner with both our families when we were saying what we were thankful for.
He said he was thankful for the internship he was starting next year. I said I was thankful for Quinn. Needless to say, that didn’t go over too well with the guy. When he accused me of being in love with her, I told him he was right. She said she loved me too and that was the end of Mr. Business. He took the next plane back to New York, and I took Quinn out to her mom’s greenhouse, where we talked until the sun rose.
The rest of the weekend went by too fast as we talked some more, kissed constantly, and made love as often as possible. Even though she went back to school in New York, and I stayed in Chicago, we were together in every way that mattered. Until two months ago, when I let helping someone else destroy what we’d built. I’ll do whatever I need to in order to get her back. Whatever it takes.
Chapter 2
Quinn
I had a fun time in Tucson this past week. Seeing the building come together is really cool, and Chloe included me on every meeting and walk-thru. The people the building is for were really nice, too. They took us out to lunch at a local place called Eegee’s the first day, and we decided we needed those frozen fruit drinks every day after that. We ate at some other local restaurants and stayed through the weekend to go to the street fair that was happening. It was really great. But it also wasn’t.
While I love working with Chloe, I miss fashion. When I was with Zane, he let me set up a little store in part of the tattoo shop. I made some funky dresses, along with designing merchandise that wore the shop logo for him. They were all selling really well and keeping me busy. It was great to see people coming in for my stuff and loving it. I don’t know what happened to the things I left there. Zane wasn’t at the apartment when I cleaned my stuff out, and I was scared to go to the shop and see him. Whitney’s suitcases were in the apartment, and if I saw her taking over my store, too, I probably would’ve killed her. I have too much respect for myself to go to jail for some classless bitch.
Now that I’m back, I’m moving into one of the Griffin apartments. They have them for when someone comes in from out of town to work on a long-term project. I liked living in Maggie and Gary’s guest house, but I also needed my own space. The apartment’s furnished, but Ryan told me I can decorate it if I want. There’s an extra bedroom I’m planning on converting into a sewing room. I’m thinking that I can start an online business, at least. If it goes well, I can find a small space for a shop. I would really love to have interactions with customers that the internet won’t give me, but I’ll take what I can get for now.
I get off the elevator at my floor and put my key in the lock, when the door of the apartment next to mine opens. I start to smile at my new neighbor but freeze as Zane is the one who walks out, holding a covered plate. “Wh-what are you doing here?”
“Scott offered me this apartment for as long as I’m here.”
“That’s just awesome.” I really don’t need this. “How long are you planning to be here?”
“Until I get you back.”
“Seriously? What about the shop?”
“Chad’s taking care of the shop while I’m gone.”
“He can’t tattoo your people. They don’t let anyone else touch them.”
“I know. They’ll have to wait until I get back.”
“You’re losing business, and you don’t care?”
“Honestly, no. I love you, Quinn. Nothing else matters.”
I can’t help it. I start to cry as I look at him. “Why did you leave me, then? How could you leave me and stay away for two months if you really loved me?”
“I’ll explain if you let me. I’m so, so sorry. You don’t know how much it killed me to be away from you.”
“No, but I know how it killed me. Do you want to hear about the days I couldn’t get out of bed and only ate because Yasmin brought food to me and held me while I cried? You left me for that dumb, stupid bitch, who never appreciated or deserved you. I’m guessing she threw you aside again, so you’re here to take your consolation prize, your ‘place holder.’ But I won’t be that for you, or anyone else, ever again. So you might as well go home.”
I’m ugly crying now, my body wracked with sobs. He doesn’t say anything. I look up at him, and what I see shocks me. Zane’s leaning against the wall like it’s holding him up, and he’s crying. Not just a little. Tears are running down his face.
“I would do anything to go back in time and not leave the wedding with Whitney. Anything.”
“But you’re not The Doctor, and you can’t.”
“Please talk to me, Quinn. Please. There’s so much you don’t know. So much I need to tell you.”
“I-I can’t. I just can’t. Go home, Zane.”
He reaches for me. I’m not fast enough to get away. “No. I won’t leave you again. Nothing you can say or do will ever make me leave you. Ever.”
“I have a date tonight.” I don’t, but I need him to leave.
It takes him a moment to recover, but then he nods. “I understand. I won’t tell you to have a good time because I really don’t want you to. And if he doesn’t treat you right, or tries something with you that you don’t want, I’ll kill the bastard. But, I want you happy. If this guy ends up making you happy, I will leave. I won’t interfere.”
He means it. I know him better than anyone, and I can see it in his eyes. It’s over. Just like I knew it would be if he really came for me. The wall I erected around my heart has just cracked. It’s not all the way open, but it will be if he stays here. Zane turns to go, but I stop him with my words.
“I don’t have a date.”
“No?”
“No. I just wanted to see if you’d care. I know I shouldn’t feel that way or be so mean.”
“You be as mean as you want to me. I deserve it. All of it. And I do care. I wanted to punch something, just thinking of you out with someone else.”
“I-I have to go. I guess I’ll see you around.”
“Wait. Here.” He holds the dish out to me.
“What’s that?”
“Dinner. I figured you wouldn’t have time to get groceries, so I made you dinner.”
No. Just no. He knows I can’t resist him when he cooks. Like I said, his mom owns several of the best restaurants in Chicago. She’s one of the wealthiest, most powerful women in Chicago right now, yet she still cooks dinner for her family every Sunday night. Zane grew up in her restaurants, cooking. And baking. God, if he bakes something for me, I’ll probably fall to my feet in front of him. He’s that good in the kitchen. And the bedroom. No, no, no. I need to stop thinking those thoughts. All of them.
I grab the plate and turn, practically running in my door as I yell a thank you over my shoulder. “Night Q,” he tells me as I slam the door and slide down against it. I’m in so much trouble. I knew I would be if he stayed around. I’ve loved him for too long for it just to go away. I sit there for a few minutes, before getting up to eat the delicious dinner he cooked for me. When I go to bed, I’m aching so much for him that I need to get out my electric friend for a few rounds before I can finally fall asleep.
* * *
Zane
It’s been a couple of weeks since Quinn got back from her trip. She still barely speaks to me, but she eats the food I give her a few times a week without hesitation. I knew that would crack the door to her heart just a little. We’re the only two people staying in the corporate apartments right now, which is why it surprises me when a guy gets in the elevator with me. We nod at each other as the elevator starts rising, but I’m finding it hard to breathe. He’s obviously not here for me.
When the elevator doors open, I let him go out in front of me as I hang back for a minute. My heart sinks as he knocks at Quinn’s door, even though I knew he had to be going there. I size him up as we both wait for her to answer. He’s around six feet tall, brown hair in one of those trendy styles where it’s shaved on the sides, but long and slicked back on top. He’s wearing what’s obviously a custom-made suit and dress shoes. I can tell he’s built, but not huge. And as much as I hate to admit it, he’s damn good looking. Could this get any worse?
I realize that yes, it can, when Quinn answers the door with a smile for him. She’s in a short blue dress that covers her body but also hugs her amazing curves. There’s a layer of lighter blue material underneath it, but it’s still short. Too short. It takes nothing short of a miracle for me to stand there and not go over and claim her. I know I can’t. I have to stand here and watch this happen. I deserve all the pain I’m feeling and more.
“Hi Quinn. You look beautiful. Are you ready to go?”
“I am, Miles.” She steps out and closes her door, turning to the elevator. That’s when she sees me. Her steps falter for a minute, and the guy—Miles—reaches out a hand to steady her. She recovers and looks back to me. “Hi Zane. Thanks for holding the elevator for us.”
I nod then step aside as they walk in. I manage to make it inside my apartment before falling to my knees. I lean forward and place my hands on the floor in front of me. I let myself wallow in pity for a few minutes, before it hits me like a freight train. Quinn felt like this when I left the wedding with Whitney. No—she felt worse. How could I do that to her? I’m such an asshole, and I definitely don’t deserve her. I need her though. More than I need to breathe. So I’m going to do whatever I can to get her back.
* * *
Quinn
My date with Miles Corrigan is going exactly as expected. He was attentive in the car and kept complimenting me. When I moved his hand off my thigh for the fourth time, he finally got the hint. And I, got the cold shoulder. He’s turned on the charm for every other woman in the restaurant, but he’s polite to the point of being ridiculous with me. I know he’s a player, and I shouldn’t have said yes when he asked me out, but I needed to do something. I can’t sleep without getting myself off, even when I don’t see Zane. I know he’s on the other side of my bedroom wall, and that’s enough to make me want to break through that damn wall and beg him to take me.
I know I wouldn’t have to beg. He’d make love to me anytime, anywhere. I’m just trying to have some self-respect in this situation. I’m caving under the non-pressure he’s putting on me. If he were constantly in my face, or even making me dinner every night, I’d be able to handle it better and tell him off. But he’s not. He gives me dinner 3-4 times a week, usually knocking and then leaving as soon as he hands me the plate of food. There’s always a little note attached telling me he loves me and something else that’s sweet. Like he hopes I had a good day. He doesn’t try to initiate any other contact, and if he sees me coming out of my apartment, he goes back into his or takes the stairs down.
So yeah, I’m caving, and I’m not sure I’m okay with that. I thought maybe a hot night with Miles would take the edge off. Until I saw him at my door and felt absolutely no attraction to him. I hadn’t before, but I thought psyching myself up would ignite my libido a little. Despite being incredibly hot, Miles just doesn’t do it for me. My whole body came to life when I stepped into the hall and saw Zane in that elevator door. The intensity in his eyes as Miles placed his hand on my arm would’ve scared anyone who didn’t understand it. I did, though, and my body instantly responded to the man who owns it. When the pain flashed in his eyes for a moment, I felt physical pain from the heart that belongs to him too.
“You can go ahead and find someone to go home with tonight, Miles.”
“I’d been hoping to take you home, Quinn.”
“Yeah…umm...I’m sorry, but no.”
“The guy in the elevator?”
“What about him?”
“I was at Luke and Olivia’s vow renewal. I saw him come for you and get thrown out. I’m guessing you haven’t taken him back yet.”
“No, I haven’t.”
“But you want to, don’t you?”
“No.” He raises an eyebrow at me. “Maybe?”
“Listen to me, Quinn. I know I’m not a relationship guy, so you probably don’t think I can give advice. But trust me, if you love this guy, you have to give him a chance. I-I fell in love once. It wasn’t the right time for us to be together, so I left her. I never told her how I felt because I thought it was wrong—that having a relationship with her was wrong. Now she wouldn’t give me a chance, even if I was on my knees begging. Which I’d totally do, by the way. I know I’ll never feel that way about anyone else, so I don’t try. Don’t do that to yourself unless you’re sure you’ll be happier without him.”
“That’s just it. I don’t want anyone else, but how can I forgive him for leaving me for someone else? It just seems so weak, like I’d be so weak for doing it.”
“Actually, I would consider you weak for not going after what you want. Who you want. It’s brave to take a risk again.” He takes a deep breath and the sensitive Miles is instantly gone. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, there’s a blonde over there with my name on her. I’ll tell the server to send the check over to me when you’re done. Order dessert if you’d like.”
He leans down and kisses me on the top of my head before heading over to the aforementioned blonde. I can’t help but smile at him and his behavior. He’s really a great guy underneath the armor he protects himself with. I hope he gets to show that side of him to the woman he loves.
Chapter 3
Quinn
I still haven’t given in to Zane and he’s still not pushing. In fact he’s backed off even more. I didn’t even get dinner once this past week. I’m afraid my date with Miles may have actually done us in. I took a cab home, but he doesn’t know that. I’ve also gone out with Miles a few more times—yes, I did it to make Zane jealous, but I’m also a great wing woman—and I think it backfired on me. I mean, I don’t want him back just because he thinks we should be together. That would hurt me more than him leaving at the wedding, but I thought he still wanted me like I want him. I may have pushed him too far, though, and lost him. I think I may have to be brave, like Miles thinks I can be.
I have seen Zane a little bit more this past month. He’s been at the office a few times, meeting with Owen and Ryan. Chloe told me that a couple of their recent clients wanted tattoos of the buildings or Owen’s art. Zane’s the natural choice since he’s their go to guy for tats. Well, not Ryan’s. He doesn’t even have one. Scott’s covered in them. Owen has three panels on his back, as well as a new one over his heart with his daughter, Hope’s, name. Zane did that a few weeks ago for him. Luke and Olivia have matching ones that say “All of Me” over their hearts that he did while he was here, too. Anyway, he’s now tattooing in an empty office here, which tells me more than his words or his notes. If he had his tattoo guns sent to him, he really is planning on staying. They’re like an extension of him. I’m just not so sure he’s staying for me anymore.
I’m doing great, though. Chloe’s been encouraging me to pursue my dreams of fashion design. She said I have to try and open my own store. She’s one of the strongest women I know, and if I was actually brave, I’d talk to her about what’s been going on. But I guess I’m not. At least not yet.
I get home after a long day of interior designing and just want a hot bath. Until I step out of the elevator and see the plate that’s perched on top of a bed tray outside my door. It’s brimming with cookies, all my favorite cookies. Soft sugar cookies in the shape of a heart, gooey chocolate chip, and powdered lemon cookies are all there. For me.
Zane’s door opens as I’m standing in front of it, rooted to the spot. “What’s the matter? You don’t want them?”
“I do. I want the cookies. Of course I want the cookies.” Can I take them, though? Can I be brave? I’m still not sure, so I run back to the elevator.
“Why are you running from them, then?”
“I have to get away before…” I can’t finish that sentence.
“Before what, Quinn?”
“Before I give in to what I want and kiss you.”
“You want to kiss me?” His eyes look hopeful, and I swallow hard before nodding.
He moves first, but I meet him in the middle. He cups my cheek with his hand and looks at me briefly before closing his eyes and leaning in. The kiss is sweet, just a brush of his lips. I kiss him next, a little harder, but still sweet. It goes like that for several minutes as we kiss each other back and forth, neither of us wanting to lose contact.
He doesn’t push me for more, and I don’t offer him anything else. Not yet. I may have let him open the door to my heart, but I won’t take him back into my bed right away. I move back, finally, and look him in the eye. “I should be going.”
“If that’s what you want.”
“For right now, yes.”
“Okay. I’m just next door if you need me. For anything.”
“Thanks.”
“I love you, Q.”
“Goodnight Zane.” I can’t tell him that I love him. Not yet. I walk into my apartment and lean against the door, touching my lips and breathing hard. I have to figure out a way to do this. To be the strong woman I’ve made myself become, while also letting myself give the man I love a second chance.
* * *
Zane
I have hope for the first time in a long time. Quinn let me kiss her. She wouldn’t say she loved me back, but I know she still does. I felt it in her kiss. The door to her heart is cracked open now, and I just need to let her set the pace so I can open it wide enough to sneak back in.
I’ve been trying to do that for these past couple of months. I’ve even backed off from making her dinner because it seems like she’s into that Miles guy. But I couldn’t totally give up. I had to try one last thing before throwing in the towel. So I spent the day baking, hoping she’d love my cookies like she had in the past. She did. I mean, we didn’t end up in bed, but I got a kiss. I’ll take that any day.
I’m just getting ready to make myself some dinner, when my phone rings. I pull it out of my pocket and it’s the last person I want to talk to. I know she won’t give up—she’ll keep calling or worse—so I answer with a sigh. “What is it Whitney?”
“Landon misses you. I miss you.”
“Really? You’re going to use your kid to try and get to me? Again?”
“You’re the only dad he knows.”
“But I’m not his dad.”
“You could be.”
“No. I left that party with you because I’d made you a promise, and I owed it to Quinn to make sure my feelings for you were gone. I stayed with you because you made it seem like you needed my help when you were just trying to hold onto me. I always told you, even when you were lying to me, that I wouldn’t be there for you as anything more than a friend. I did what I could for you, but now I need to focus on the woman I love.”
“I just don’t get it. What’s so special about her?”
“Everything. And you don’t need to get it since it has nothing to do with you.”
“I love you, Zane.”
“No, you don’t. You love the idea of me taking care of you and your son. Which I’m done with. You need to take care of yourself now. Don’t call me again, please.”
I hang up and lean against the kitchen counter. The situation Whitney dragged me into is so beyond fucked up, I don’t even know how I got out. That’s a lie. I do know. I got out because I couldn’t live without Quinn. My love for her was stronger than anything Whitney, and what she threw me into, could do to me.
As I’m standing there still contemplating all this, my doorbell rings. I walk over and open the door, surprised to see Quinn there. “Hi Z. I didn’t have time to go grocery shopping this week, so I was wondering if you wanted to share a pizza or something.” She’s biting her lip, looking so cute and sexy. Plus, she called me Z.
“I was actually going to cook a steak. You can share it with me if you want.”
“I’m not taking your dinner.”
“It’s fine. I don’t need the whole thing.” She cocks an eyebrow at me and I laugh. I’m tall and thin, but I have a good amount of muscles, and we both know I can eat. “Okay, so maybe I do, but I can make some extra sides and it’ll be all good.”
“I’ll make the sides. You take care of the steak, tough guy.”
“Yes, ma’am.” I can’t help but smile. I’ve always loved to have Quinn in the kitchen with me. Even though she’ll never admit it, she’s a damn good cook.
I use the indoor grill I bought to cook the steak after I marinate it in my favorite sauce. Quinn makes us some baked potatoes, as well as macaroni and cheese. She also tosses up a quick salad. Everything’s done within a half hour. We’re a good team. We always have been.
“Do you want to eat at the table?”
“Seriously? Have we ever eaten at the table?”
“I was just making sure.”
“The only thing that’s changed about me is my lack of willingness to put up with any crap. Otherwise, I’m the same old Quinn.”
“You were never willing to put up with any crap, Q. Not from me or anyone else.”
“That’s not true.” She looks down at her hands, and I fight the urge to reach out and touch her. But this is her show. I’m only touching her when she tells me I can. “A year ago, I would’ve taken you back immediately and never said a thing about how you hurt me.”
“I’m not afraid to keep working for this. To work for you. Whatever you need, I’ll do it.”
“I…I need slow. I want to kiss you, maybe have some more dinners with you, but that’s it for now.”
“That’s honestly more than I’d hoped for.”
“Really?”
“Yeah. I fucked up and I know that better than anyone. I do want to tell you what happened when you’re ready. Until then, just know I didn’t stay away because I wanted to be with Whitney.”
“You didn’t?”
“No. I also never slept with her while I was gone. I need you to know that.”
“Oh my God, Z. All I could think about these past months was you making love to her. She seemed like she wanted that when you left with her.”
“She did want that. I didn’t. I’m so sorry you were thinking that I’d been with her. I couldn’t ever be with someone who’s not you. You’re it for me.”
“Did you kiss her?’
I sigh, because I have to answer this honestly. “Yeah. I did. I needed to know if I still felt something for her. But I didn’t.”
“Oh. Okay. I mean, it’s not. But if you really didn’t feel anything, I guess I can get past it.”
“I really didn’t. I swear.” I look her in the eye when I say it and she nods.
“I don’t think I’m ready to talk anymore tonight. Can we eat and maybe watch TV.”
“Sure.”
We do exactly what she asked. Well, not exactly. We also kiss. Just sweet kisses like we shared in the hall. They make my blood boil and my cock get hard, but I can deal with it. She stays over for a couple of hours and then tells me she needs to go to her own place. I reluctantly give her one final kiss and watch her as she opens her door and goes inside. I get myself off and then fall into the most restful sleep I’ve had in a very long time.
* * *
Quinn
I did it. I just took a chance and it worked out. I applied for a small business loan from some downtown investors, and I got it! I thought I’d nailed the interview, but you can never be too sure about these things. They called today to tell me that they loved my designs and my ideas for the store I want to open.
I just met with Chloe to tell her, and she was really great about everything. I thought she would be, but I was a little nervous. She gave me a job when I needed it, and I hate to bail on her. She said I could stay on part time until the store’s turning a profit, which was really cool of her. I took her up on the offer because I don’t want to be living off the Griffin family forever.
I’m feeling really good as I head upstairs to my apartment. When I get off the elevator, the first thing I notice is the balloons and flowers decorating my door. I’d texted Zane to tell him the news, but I had no idea he’d do this. We’ve been working our way back to…something these past two weeks, but we’re nowhere near together yet. He tells me he loves me every day, even though I don’t say it back to him. This right here means more to me than the words themselves.
I knock on his door and jump into his arms when he opens it, hugging him tight. “Hey, beautiful. I guess you liked your door.”
“I love my door! I want to kiss you so bad right now.”
“I’m never going to say no to a kiss from you, so by all means, use my lips.”
I smile before leaning up to kiss him. We start out slow, like always, but this time it’s not enough for me. I need more. I need him. I’m still scared and unsure, but I want to celebrate with Zane in the best way possible. And that means taking a leap of faith, one I didn’t think I was brave enough for. But if these last few months have taught me anything, it’s that I’m stronger and braver than I ever imagined I could be. It’s time to just go for what I want, so I break the kiss and say it.
“I haven’t seen your bedroom yet.”
He swallows hard. “You want to see my bedroom.”
“Kind of.”
“I’m a little confused here. You gotta help me out—tell me what you’re thinking.”
Go big or go home, right? “I’m thinking that I want you to take me to your bed and make me come hard all night.”
“You’re sure?”
“Yes, Zane, I’m sure. Are you going to let me have your cock or not?”
“You don’t have to ask, baby. It’s been yours, and yours alone, for seven years.”
I reach down and grab it, stroking him through his basketball shorts as he growls at me. “I just can’t decide if I want to suck it first or cover it with my pussy right away.”
That snaps the control he was holding onto. He bends down and throws me over his shoulder, carrying me into the bedroom. I’m dropped onto the middle of the bed where I bounce a little. “69, Q. We’re going to 69. After I make you scream against my cock, I’m going to put it in your wet pussy and fuck you so hard this bed will probably break.”
Fucking hell! This is why I can’t hold out any longer. His mouth is a lethal weapon and I want to be taken down hard. I move onto my knees and pull my dress off. He watches me with hungry eyes as he pulls his shorts off.
That’s all he had on. No shirt, no underwear. Hot damn. I’m the one with hungry eyes now as I take in his beautiful, inked body. I’ve seen it a million times, but the view never gets old. All that ink, along with his cut muscles and big cock, are almost enough to make me come right then and there.
“I like your bra and panties, Q, but they need to come off.”
“It sounds like you’re asking for permission. Or is it a show you want?”
He doesn’t say anything, just takes his cock in hand and starts stroking it as he walks to the edge of the bed. That’s enough of an answer for me. I slide my bra straps down before undoing the front clasp. I lean back on my arms and let the bra fall down my arms, before cupping my breasts and playing with my nipples. He’s pumping a little harder now. I lick my lips, which brings a string of curses from his mouth.
I stand on the bed and hook my thumbs in the sides of my lace boy shorts. I slowly move then over my hips, inch by inch. When they’re just above my mound, I shove my hand in the front and start circling my clit. He lowers his eyes and I see him watching. I know I don’t have much time before he loses all control and takes over, but I drag it out a little longer before finally using both hands to push the panties all the way down my legs. I kick them off seconds before he’s on the bed.
He slides between my legs and pulls me down onto his face. I lean forward and take his cock into my mouth. We’re both licking and sucking, and damn!—if f I haven’t missed this. His teeth get involved when I suck him as far in as possible, and I’m actively fucking his face now. He slides two fingers into me and he gets what he wants. I’m screaming around his cock as I come so hard, I almost black out.
As soon as I start to come down, he rolls us over and flips me around. He slams into me as he bites my neck and whispers in my ear. “Yeah, baby, that’s it. Soak my cock.”
“Oh God, Z.” I want to say more, but I can’t. The bed’s shaking and I really think we may break it as he pounds into me. I build again fast, but this time I’m screaming his name out loudly as I come a second time.
“Fuck, Q, fuucckk!” he yells as he comes. He collapses on top of me, and I pull him close. “That was…I don’t even know. My God. It’s so good with you, baby. So good.”
He lifts his head up and kisses me sweetly. “The bed didn’t break. We may have to try again.”
“Just give me a few minutes,” he laughs. He moves off of me and pulls me onto his chest. “I love you so much.”
“Thanks for celebrating with me.” I still can’t say the words back yet. It’s too soon.
“The celebration’s not over. I picked up some stuff to make you dinner and went to Drago Sisters, which Maggie recommended, to get some cupcakes since I didn’t have time to make them myself.”
“Really?”
“Yes, really. I mean, I didn’t expect to be in bed with you tonight, but I was definitely hoping you’d let me help you celebrate.”
“I’d apologize for messing with your plans, but I’m not sorry we ended up here. I don’t think you are either.”
“Definitely not sorry about ending up in bed with you, Q. I am sorry that I neglected these in my haste to get inside of you, though.” He leans down and takes one nipple in his mouth, while caressing the other one with his hand.
“I’m never letting you out of bed if you don’t stop,” I tell him as I arch up into his mouth and hand.
He moves away from me, which I wasn’t expecting. “Then I have to stop. I want to cook for you and give you a little romance before I make love to you again.”
“I don’t really need romance, you know.” Although, I kind of do.
“Whether you need it or not, you definitely deserve it. And I’m going to give it to you. Now, you can wait in here or hang out with me while I cook.”
“I think I might just lie here. I’m crashing a little after all the excitement of the day, coupled with those two awesome orgasms.”
“Take a nap, then. I’ll get you up when everything’s ready.”
Zane kisses me on the forehead before getting out of bed. He puts his shorts back on, then stops at the door to turn back to me. “I’m so fucking proud of you, Quinn. I don’t think I told you that earlier, but I am.”
“Thanks. That means a lot.” I roll over and fall asleep, thinking about how happy I am.
* * *
Zane
I can’t believe Quinn is in my bed. I thought this would be harder. It should’ve been harder. I mean, what I did, despite my reasons, was seriously fucked up. But I have my girl back now, and I won’t screw things up again.
I get dinner made and the candles are lit when Quinn walks into the living room wearing one of my t-shirts. “Hey. How was your nap? Did my beautiful girlfriend get enough sleep?”
“My nap was good, but Zane, I’m not your girlfriend.”
What? “But we…I thought…”
“I’m sorry if I gave you the wrong impression about what happened earlier. I like that we’re becoming friends again, but I can’t let you all the way back in. At least not yet. I just don’t trust you. I wish I could, but I’m not there yet.”
I knew it was too easy. “What’s the plan, then? We’re just fuck buddies?”
“That or just friends. It’s up to you. This is where I am right now. I won’t feel bad about it. You tore us apart and it’s not going to be easy to put us back together. I honestly don’t know if that’s even possible, really. I want to be with you, but right now it can only be about hanging out, and sex, if you want that. Nothing official and no titles.”
“I don’t seem to have a choice about this.”
“I didn’t have a choice when you left me.”
“So this is my punishment?”
“No. It’s just all I can offer you right now. Which means, I am giving you a choice.”
I can tell that she’s serious as a heart attack, and I should be saying yes. I didn’t expect to get to make love to her while winning her back, so this is a good thing. I know it in my head, but unfortunately my heart is in the driver’s seat right now, and it’s not going for it. At all.
“Thanks for the choice. I’m afraid I have to decline. You’re welcome to take your portion of dinner with you, but I’d like you to leave now, please.”
Her eyes widen and her mouth drops open. “Seriously?”
“Yep.”
She turns and storms back into the bedroom, slamming the door. When she walks out a few minutes later, she’s dressed in her clothes. “Keep your food. I’ll find my own,” she says as she walks past me and out the door.
I sink onto the couch with my head in my hands. I’m back to square one, or actually, maybe further behind than when I got here. I just couldn’t do it. We never had that kind of relationship, and I wouldn’t settle for it now. I need to talk to someone, so I take out my phone and dial Scott’s number.
“Hey man, how’d dinner go?”
“It didn’t.”
“Really? You decorated her door, right? I thought she’d love that.”
“Oh, she did. She showed me just how much.”
“She showed you?” I stay silent and he gets it. “Oh, damn man, why are you calling me if the two of you ended up in bed?”
“I thought we were back together after that, but she told me we’re not. I kicked her out.”
“Hold up. You fucked her and then kicked her out?” There’s a commotion on his side of the line, and I hear him telling someone to calm down. I know it’s Yasmin, I better put my deadbolt and chain on the door tonight. I have a feeling she might come after me. “Dude, what the hell is wrong with you?”
“She said it could only be about sex. She doesn’t want to be my girlfriend. I want more. I want all of her. I can’t just have sex with her. I can’t.”
“Hold on a sec. I need to explain to Yas because she wants to kick your ass right now.”
I wait while he covers his phone and talks to his wife. She’s super close to Quinn, and I know she hasn’t forgiven me for leaving her. I’m lucky Scott’s talking to me, but he knows me well enough to know that I meant it when I told him I love her and know how badly I fucked up. That’s why he agreed to help me.
“Okay. Yas says that while your intentions seem honorable, you probably gutted Quinn. Again. We both agree that you should just take what you can get for now. She’ll come around if she sees that you’re willing to go along with her terms.”
“You’re right. I know you’re right.” And I do. If that’s all she can give me, then that’s what I’ll take. It’s way better than nothing, although I think it’s totally going to fuck with my head and heart. I deserve it, though, and we both know it.
“Go beg, dude. We’ve all done it and it was way worth it in the end.”
“Alright. I’m going. Thanks to both of you.”
I decide that my best course of action is to stay as I am, in just my boxer briefs. I walk next door and knock on her door. She opens the door after a couple of minutes of making me sweat. “What do you want, Zane?”
“I heard there was an opening available for a sex slave. I was hoping to apply.”
“What changed your mind? You just kicked me out less than ten minutes ago.”
“Honestly?” She raises an eyebrow and nods. “I called Scott. He and Yasmin told me I should take whatever you’re willing to offer me, and I realized they’re right. So whatever you want me for is what I’ll be for you.”
“Let’s go have that dinner you cooked for me. Then I’m going to climb onto that big cock of yours and ride it until I pass out.”
Damn. Why did I think this was a bad idea again? I get some meals, friendship, and a ton of sex with the woman I love. I can definitely work with this for now. “Yes, please,” I tell her as I pick her up and carry her next door. We do exactly what she wanted. All night.
Chapter 4
Quinn
Everything has been going so well for Zane and me these past weeks. I think he finally realizes that I’m not trying to punish him with keeping my distance emotionally. I just need time to trust him again. He can’t say anything to make me feel better. I have to see it daily. And I am.
I got the keys for my future shop this morning and asked him to meet me there. I have something to ask him, something I’d like him to do for me. I’m pretty sure he’ll say yes, but I have a back-up plan just in case. My new space is in a group of shops next to the indie bookstore downtown, The Writer’s Block. The owners, Scott and Drew, are really nice. They made a point to introduce themselves when I was checking out the space, and their store is really cool, too. They even have a small barn in there.
I’m so lost in my thoughts that I didn’t hear Zane pull up until a shadow falls over my driver side window. I look up and smile at him as he opens my door. “Hi Q. You were thinking hard in there.”
“Yeah. I have something to ask you, but just in case you say no, I was working out my Plan B.”
“There’s nothing I can think of you asking me that I’d say no to. You should know that by now.”
“I-I’m trying to know that.”
He nods. “I know. I’ll take that for now. What did you want to ask?”
“Let’s go inside first.”
I lead him into my space. It’s not huge, but it’s a nice size for my first shop. Although it’s empty, I can see in my mind where everything should go. I’ve started ordering some cool racks and stuff already. I can’t wait for it to come together. That’s what I need Zane for.
“Q? Quinn? You look nervous. Do you need money? Is that it? It’s yours if you do.”
“What? No. I don’t need money. Especially when you’re not really working.”
“The shop’s doing great. Even with me not there. My regulars all said they’d wait as long as it takes, and Chad’s been bringing in new business. Plus, the Griffin clients have been paying me very well for their tattoos. No worrying about me.”
“That’s really good to hear. I’ve been feeling guilty.”
“Don’t. Now talk to me, babe.”
“Would you do my walls? I want them to look like big, old-school tattoos are all over them.”
“Fuck yeah.”
“That was easy.”
“I told you I can’t say no to you. It’s physically impossible. Do you need a logo, too?”
He did say no to me, though. When it mattered most to me. I turn my head so he can’t see it on my face, but I’m too late. Zane sees and he knows. He pulls me into his arms and kisses the top of my head. We just stay there for a few minutes, holding onto each other.
“I’m trying. I am. I just keep remembering.” I take a deep breath. “A logo would be great.”
“I know. I’m going to keep doing everything I can to prove to you that I’ll never leave you again.”
“I think I’m ready to hear about what happened. Can you come over when I get back from L.A. on Thursday?” I’m going to buy fabric. They have an outpost of Mood there, and I can’t wait to get started.
“Of course. Anything you want.”
“Anything?” I bite my lip and watch his eyes go dark.
“Here?”
I nod. “Not in front of the windows, but the back room…I mean, if you want.”
In less than a second, his mouth’s on mine and we’re moving backward. I push his shirt up as we go through the door, and he’s got my halter undone already. We break the kiss to look around. There’s a low counter along one wall; Zane smiles when he sees it.
I spin away from him and put my hands on the counter, because I know what he wants. What we both want. The top of my dress is around my waist. He steps behind me and makes quick work of my red lace bra. I reach back and unbutton his jeans as he plays with my breasts, running his thumbs over the edges of the flowers covering them. The flowers he put there. When his jeans are loose enough, I shove my hands into his jeans and push them down along with his briefs.
“Do you remember when I gave you these lotus blossoms, Q?” he asks as he circles my nipples lightly before pinching them.
“Yes,” I manage to breathe out on a moan. “I remember after, too. When you wrapped them so carefully and then fucked me so hard while I was bent over your table.”
“I’m going to fuck you hard right now, too, babe. Really hard. Can you take it?”
“You know I can,” I tell him as I wrap my hands around his cock.
He slides his hands down and grabs the bottom of my dress, pulling it up to my waist. Then he puts his hands inside my thong and starts rubbing. “I do know. You’re ready for me already, and I’ve barely touched you.”
“I’m always ready when you’re in the room,” I get out as he rips my thong off.
“I know that, too. Now hold on.”
I let go of him and put my hands in front of me to grab onto the counter. He teases me a little, running his cock over my ass, and the down further, before entering me in one hard thrust. I arch my back, but don’t loosen my hold on the counter. I know better. It’s only going to get rougher, and I’m going to love every damn minute of it.
“Oh yeah. That’s it, babe. You like it, I can feel how much. I can barely stay in you, you’re so wet for my cock.”
“Yes. Come first, I need to feel you lose control. Please, Zane.”
He grabs my hips harder and works us both into a frenzy as he slams into me, over and over again. When he comes, it’s hard and loud. The sounds that come out of him are animal-like and it pushes me over the edge right after him. We both sink to the floor, panting, as he pulls me onto his lap.
“Fuck, Q. Seven years later and you still make me so crazy that I can’t see straight.”
“Same here, Z. Same here.” It’s all I can say as I try to catch my breath and not pass out. I’m not going to be able to ever enter this room without thinking about what we just did and how amazing it was.
* * *
Zane
Quinn’s getting back from L.A. today, but we have to postpone our talk. Tonight is poker night at Owen’s and girls’ night at Sean and Erika’s house. We’ve both been told that we can’t miss either one, even if they have to drag us. It’s only been two days that we’ve been apart, but I wanted my girl. And I wanted to talk to her. It’s important that she knows what went on in Chicago, especially since Whitney won’t stop calling and texting.
I’ve refused to answer the phone when she calls, and I delete her texts, but she won’t give up. I know her well enough to know that she’s going to force something soon. Hopefully we’ll have time later tonight for me to tell Quinn everything. I need her to know what really went on, and what’s still going on now.
I pull into the parking lot of Owen and Candi’s converted warehouse. Their place is hella cool; I’d love to have something like it with my woman. Well, she isn’t currently mine, but I feel like I’m getting closer to having her back completely. I’ve let her set the pace, and I’m pretty sure she’s been happy.
The sex has been awesome, especially the times I’ve made love to her slow and sweet. That’s not our usual way lately. She seems to need me rough and hard, like we’re imprinting ourselves on each other. But, I’ve insisted on going slow sometimes, so she could feel the love that she needs from me. I think we were both surprised with how awesome it was, feeling that slow build, and getting each other there without the desperation of needing a fast release. Hearing her softly say my name as she came those times, instead of her usual screaming it, almost broke my heart and then put it back together again.
I’ve got a smile on my face when I step off the elevator into Owen’s apartment. “Hey, man, glad you could make it,” Scott tells me.
“Thanks for inviting me.”
“Quinn has become like a sister to me, Zane, so you better tread carefully,” Ryan warns me.
“I am.”
He nods, and I let out the breath I’d been holding. I’m a pretty tough guy, but Ryan Griffin is not someone you want to mess with. He’s built like a tank and is extremely loyal to the people he cares about. Quinn is, apparently, now one of those people, which makes me happy, even if he does scare the shit out of me.
“Has anything changed?” Owen asks me.
“Nope. I still tell her I love her every day. We make love every night. Sometimes we eat dinner and hang out beforehand. And sometimes she sews while I watch TV, until she’s ready for me. We sleep in the same bed every night, so I guess that’s something.”
“It’s more than I gave Chloe, that’s for damn sure,” Ryan reminds me. “And I felt guilty as fuck the whole time. I’m guessing Quinn feels guilty, too. Just give her time.”
“I plan to. I’ll give her all the time she needs.”
We sit down to play, and it’s really nice to be hanging out with these guys. The Griffins are cool dudes. I’ve met their friends Sean and Danny a few times before and liked them. I leave Owen’s place a few hours later with a lot less money than I came with. Scott wasn’t kidding when he said that Owen and Sean would clean me out. It’s cool, though. I didn’t take more than I could afford to lose.
* * *
Quinn
I really love this group of girls. I’d met them all before, but when my world fell apart, they came together to help hold me up. Every one of them spent time with me, talking to me and holding me as I cried. That’s what they do for each other, and I’m so thankful that they welcomed me into their group. I’m a little worried about what they’re going to say about me and Zane now, though.
I haven’t been at Erika’s long before the questions start. Yasmin is, of course, first. “Are you still just sleeping with Zane?”
“Umm…yeah…well, kind of. We eat together and watch TV sometimes.”
Chloe narrows her eyes at me. I’ve sensed that she’s been upset with me, but I don’t know why. “Is that all you want from him? Sex?”
“Yes. No. No. I want all of him, but I’m scared.”
“There’s something you don’t know about me and Ryan, Quinn. When I first came back to him, he only wanted sex from me. I slept with him and got on my knees for him for weeks while he dated other girls. It was horrible and degrading, but I thought I deserved it for hurting him. And I was honestly just so thankful to have something with him. Ryan still feels bad about it, even though he’s the perfect husband now.”
“I-I’m not dating anyone else. It’s not the same thing.” I look around, and the girls give me sad smiles. “I just can’t trust him yet.”
“Maybe it’s not exactly the same thing, but I hope you make a decision soon. After what happened at the wedding, I didn’t think I’d ever side with Zane, but on this I do. I love you, you know I do. But this is just wrong.” She smiles at me and walks into the kitchen, leaving me standing there, stunned.
I look around back to Yasmin. “Do you think it’s wrong, what I’m doing?”
She sighs and then looks me in the eye. “Yes. I do. No one was angrier at Zane, than me, for what he did. But I was there when he called Scott after you two first slept together and you told him you weren’t his girlfriend. He sounded so devastated when he said he didn’t want to just have sex with you. We convinced him to go along with it, because we thought you’d want more.”
I slump into the nearest chair. I want him to hurt, but then at the same time, I don’t. Deep down, I know I was wrong, but I let my fears override everything. And he did everything I wanted because he does love me.
“I see you beating yourself up. Don’t. We’ve all made mistakes with the guys,” Candi tells me. “Now that Chloe and Yasmin have told you how Zane’s hurting, you can fix this if you want.”
“I do. I will.”
“Good. Now hold my baby. Hope will cure anything that ails you.”
I take the beautiful little girl from her and cuddle her close. At almost six months old, she’s definitely got a personality of her own, cuddling me back like she knows I need it. The next few hours go by pretty fast, as we watch the classic 90’s movie, Ever After. I laugh and joke with Erika, Sam, and Olivia, as well as the other girls. Chloe and I hug it out, and I thank her for her advice. The only person who’s kept her distance a little is Alex.
Erika tells everyone when Sean texts her that the guys are on their last poker hand, so we all get ready to leave. As I grab my coat from the closet, Alex comes up to me. She looks around to make sure no one is near us. “If you aren’t dating anyone else, why have you been out with Miles several times?”
“Miles? We’re good friends.”
“He doesn’t have female friends.”
“I guess I’m the first.”
“Really? You haven’t slept with him?”
“Really. I haven’t slept with anyone except Zane in seven years.”
“Oh. Okay.”
“Why would you care if I was sleeping with Miles?”
“No reason.”
She starts to walk away, but I grab her arm. “Listen, Alex. I love Miles, but he’s not the type of guy you should be thinking about getting with. He doesn’t want a relationship. I don’t know if he ever will.”
“Thanks for the advice, Quinn, but I’m an adult now, and I can do what I want.”
“I know that, Alex.” I’m a little shocked by her outburst. She’s always been so level-headed. “I’m sorry I upset you.”
“It’s fine. I know how he is.” She hugs me and then walks out the door.
I follow soon after. I need to beat Zane home so I can surprise him. I hope it’s not too late.
Chapter 5
Zane
I’m not expecting to see Quinn leaning up against the wall between our apartments when I got off the elevator, but there she is. Her eyes brighten when she sees me. I hate to disappoint her, but I just can’t do this tonight.
“Hi, Z. How was your poker game?”
“I lost.”
“Oh. Well, maybe I can make your night a little better.” She reaches out to run her hand over my arm.
“Not tonight, Q. I’m really tired.”
“Okay. Umm…well…I just wanted to…umm…tell…you. You know what? Never mind.”
As tired as I am of all of this, I can’t stand to see her upset. Plus, I need to know what’s got her so stressed out. I reach for her and hug her close. “Tell me whatever you want. I want to hear what you have to say, even if it’s bad.”
She looks up into my eyes and smiles. “It’s not bad. At least I don’t think it is.”
“Yeah?” I rub my thumb over her chin and kiss her lightly on the lips. “Then hit me with it.”
“I love you, Zane.”
I freeze as I look into her eyes, searching for the truth. It’s there. Honestly, I knew it was, but I was worried that she’d never say it to me again. “Thank you.”
“I’m sorry I haven’t said it before. I was so scared, but then when Chloe told me how she felt when Ryan would only have sex with her, well, I-I just knew I needed to tell you.”
“This isn’t Chloe and Ryan’s situation, Q.”
“No, but I was still pretty mean.”
I won’t lie to her. “Yeah. You were.”
“You were going to give up, right? That’s why you were going to turn me down, isn’t it?”
“No. I was never going to give up. Never. I just needed some time to come to terms with the fact that is seemed like you weren’t going to want more.”
“God. I’m so sorry I made you think that. Feel that. I want everything with you, Z. Everything.”
“You sure?”
“Yes. Totally and completely sure.” She bites her lip and looks nervous. “Can I be your girlfriend?”
“No.”
“No? Oh. Okay. Umm…I’m gonna go.”
I drop to one knee. “Q. I want you to be my fiancé, not just my girlfriend.”
“Oh my God.”
“Will you marry me?” I hold out the ruby ring that Owen helped me make for her.
“Yes.”
She’s crying as she drops to her knees in front of me. I slide the ring on her finger and kiss her sweetly. After a few minutes, I pull us both to our feet and pick her up. I carry her straight to my bed and lay her down gently.
“Tonight’s going to be slow and gentle, Q. I need to make love to you.”
“I won’t argue tonight. I want you to make love to me.”
I smile before bending to kiss her again. As I lick her lips, she helps me take of her t-shirt and jeans. Then she helps me with mine. I move back to look at her in her beautiful coral lace bra and panties, with the ink I gave her on her arms, breasts and stomach. “You’re so fucking beautiful.”
“Show me, Zane. I need you to show me.”
I don’t hesitate as I unclasp her bra and push it to the side. I lean up higher and nibble on her neck, then make my way across her shoulders to her collarbone. The top of her chest gets some of my attention before I move lower and take her left nipple into my mouth. I’m sucking, licking, and biting her as she bucks up underneath me. I switch sides and continue alternating for several minutes.
It’s time to go lower. I nip at her ribs and swirl my tongue in her belly button before reaching her hips. Then hook my fingers into her panties and pull them down just enough to see her glistening and ready for me. I leave the panties at her knees to constrict her a little, as I lick her lips and suck her clit into my mouth. She moans and grabs my head to push me down. I smile as I lick her wetness up. She’s trying to move her legs, but can’t with her panties holding her. I stop a moment to push them down, and she spreads her legs wide for me.
It only takes a couple more minutes, and just one finger, to have her screaming my name and pulling me up her body. I enter her in one slow thrust as she takes my lips, kissing me hard. I’ll let our kisses get intense, but I’m keeping things slow down south. It’s a beautiful torture as I slide in and out, inch by inch. It’s worth it though. I know that when I come, it’s going to be explosive and crazy.
We continue kissing as I feel us both start to build. I remove one of her hands from my hair and place it between us. She starts to circle her clit, like I wanted, as I move my hand back up to play with her nipples. I pinch her hard as I thrust deep and she goes over again. The feel of her convulsing around my cock, as her body goes crazy beneath me, pushes me over after her. I don’t remember ever coming as hard, or as long, as I do this time. I go so long that it triggers a third orgasm from Quinn before I collapse on top of her.
“Damn, baby. That was…just wow.”
“Who would’ve thought a ring could make it that much better.”
I roll to the side and pull her onto my chest. “Do you like it?”
“I fucking love it. It’s so beautiful and unique. Where did you find it?”
“Actually, I made it. With Owen’s help.”
“You made it? That’s just…just…oh I’m so going down on you once I get some strength back.”
“I won’t argue about that, but you don’t need to. You said ‘yes’ and that’s all I need. Ever.”
“I love you so much. Thank you for coming back for me and not giving up.”
“Thank you for giving me the chance to win you back. I love you, too.”
I cuddle her up in my arms, and we both fall asleep. I didn’t get my blow job, but I could care less. I got my woman and nothing’s better than that. Now I just need to tell her about Whitney and Chicago. We agreed on tomorrow, and I can’t wait for her to know everything. I need her to understand, even if it doesn’t forgive what I did.
* * *
Quinn
We fell asleep before I could keep my promise to Zane, so I wake him up with my mouth in the morning. “Fuck, Q,” he tells me as he wakes up and starts thrusting into my mouth.
I squeeze his balls, using my other hand to pump while I take him as far into my mouth as possible. Less than a minute after he’s awake, he’s coming hard, the hot liquid coating my throat on the way down. “Mmm. You taste so good.”
“Not as good as you, baby.”
Before I can even register it, I’m on top of his face reaching for the headboard. He’s not slow and sweet right now. He attacks my pussy and clit. There are fingers, tongue, and teeth working on me immediately. Combined with how turned on I was already from having him in my mouth, I don’t last even a minute. “Zane!” I scream as I ride his mouth to completion.
“Now that’s the way to wake up,” he says as he pulls me down on top of him.
“You didn’t have to do that.”
“I love doing that. You know it.” I do. I smile at him before he captures my lips.
I feel him getting hard again and lift myself up over his erection. He guides himself into me and I ride us both into another round of explosive orgasms. We would probably stay in bed all day, but I have to get to work. We go another round in the shower before I leave for next door to get dressed. Zane hands me a breakfast sandwich as I step out of my apartment.
“Go kick some interior design ass, babe. When you get back, I’ll help you with your sewing if you want.”
“You’ll cut my patterns?”
“Of course. I love helping you.”
“Thanks. I’ll see you later.”
“Don’t forget that we’re talking tonight. I really want you to know everything.”
“I haven’t forgotten. I’m ready to hear it all.”
We kiss and say our “I love yous” before I get on the elevator. I’m smiling as I step off onto Ryan’s floor. As I walk to my workspace, I can’t help but look down at my ring. It’s a beautiful square cut ruby surrounded by a gold band engraved with images from old-school tattoos. Hearts, birds, ribbons, crosses—they’re all on there. It’s breathtaking and the fact that Zane made it just makes it even more special.
“Quinn, is that an engagement ring?” I look up to see Chloe looking at me, her eyes wide.
“Yeah. It is. I took your advice and told Zane I loved him. He got down on one knee and gave me this.”
I hold my hand out and she takes it, looking at the ring. “It’s beautiful. And unique.”
“He made it. I guess Owen helped.”
“Wow. I’m really happy for you.” She pulls me into a hug and then steps back. “Now I feel better about being such a bitch last night. I was coming over here to apologize.”
“You weren’t being a bitch. I needed to realize what I was doing and how I was hurting us both. You helped me do that.”
“Everything’s coming together for you. The store, now Zane. I didn’t ask you about your trip last night, either. Did you get some awesome fabrics?”
“I did. I can’t wait to start working on the dresses.”
“I can’t wait to buy a bunch of them.”
“Thanks again for being so supportive and letting me stay here a couple days a week.”
“I love working with you, Quinn, but I know interiors aren’t your dream. I appreciate the fact that I can still borrow your talent while you pursue your real love.”
“Borrow away,” I tell her with a laugh.
She steps into my office and goes over plans for the latest building with me. Ryan will break ground after the Tucson building opens. We’ll be going back for the opening parties, and I can’t wait to have Zane there with me. I’ve already planned my dresses for each party and I’m honestly looking forward to the formal industry party the most. I designed myself, and my friends, awesome ball gowns. My man will have to be in a tux. He rarely dresses up, but when he does, look out! I mean, seriously, I’ve seen a few women almost faint at the sight. I might have been one of them.
After Chloe leaves, I shore up all the courage I have and call my parents. I know they’re not going to take the engagement well. They treated Zane like a son. Loved him like a son. But when he walked out on me, well let’s just say I had to stop my dad from going after him. With his Glock. I love them and understand that they want to protect me, but I know I made the right decision when I told Zane I’d marry him. I would never be happy with anyone else while I had a chance with him. I’m both relieved and disappointed when neither one of my parents answers their phones. I guess I’ll just try again later.
I’m just getting ready to leave for the day when my phone rings. I see that it’s Maggie Griffin calling and answer it with a smile. “Hi Maggie.”
“Hi Quinn. I know this is late notice, but I was hoping you could join my family for our weekly barbeque tonight.”
“Oh, well…I don’t know.”
“Do you have plans already?”
“I do, actually.”
“I didn’t realize you were dating. Is it serious?”
“Yes, it is.”
“Well, bring him along. I’d love to meet him.”
“Umm…”
“That wasn’t a question, Quinn. I’ll see you at 7.”
She hangs up before I can protest any more. I should’ve known. Maggie doesn’t take no for an answer when she wants something. Zane and I will just have to postpone our talk until after the barbeque. A couple of hours should be no big deal.
Chapter 6
Quinn
Zane was a little upset that we had to postpone our talk, but after we made love on top of his dining room table, he agreed to go with me to the barbeque. I’m not really manipulating him with sex, because I make myself just as crazy. He drove us over here to the Griffin house in his rental car. When we pull into the drive, I see all the other cars and realize we’re probably the last to arrive. I feel a little bad, but not too much. We’re not family after all. Plus, it was a last minute invite.
We walk into the backyard holding hands, and I freeze as I see my parents there. “Quinn, what are you doing with him?” My dad looks ready to explode.
“I’m with him, Dad. I tried to call you and Mom to talk about it.”
“We wanted to surprise you, honey.”
“That’s great, Mom.” I let go of Zane’s hand to go hug them, realizing a second too late that my ring’s now showing.
“No. That is not an engagement ring on your finger. You cannot marry him after what he did to you.”
“I can, and I will. I love you both so much, but this is my choice.”
“I won’t walk you down the aisle”
“Wh-what?” I’m in such shock that my knees give out. Zane is there to catch me and pick me up into his arms. He carries me to a seat, before turning to face my father.
“Don’t do this to her. Please. Hate me all you want, but don’t punish Quinn. I know I screwed up, but I love her more than life. I’m going to do everything I can to make her happy and show her my love for the rest of our lives. I promise you.”
“She took care of you when that…that girl dumped you and you fell apart. I watched my daughter suffer because you were in pain. She loved you. I saw you fall in love with her, and I was so thankful to you when you didn’t try to keep her from her dreams.” My dad takes a deep breath before continuing. “I do not have any idea what would possess you to leave my daughter for a woman who hurt you, but you did. And I wasn’t sure Quinn was going to survive it.”
“I’m planning on explaining it all to her tonight. Our talk was postponed by coming here, but we’re talking later. I will never forgive myself for hurting her, but I had reasons. I need to tell her before I tell you, but I’ll come to you tomorrow and we can talk. Or you can punch me. Or both. For tonight, though, please just be happy with your daughter and don’t make any rash decisions about our wedding.”
“We won’t,” my mom tells him, giving my dad a look. “I’m not exactly happy with this, but I know Quinn loves you, and I believe you love her, too. If she’s willing to take you back, we’ll support you both.”
“Thank you.” He looks down at me. “I’ll make you a plate of food, Q, okay?”
I nod, and then he leaves me. I’m not alone for long, as my parents finally come over and hug me. I knew it would be rough. My parents were so angry for me. Zane’s mom was, too. She totally took my side in everything. She despises Whitney. She always has, with good reason. I know she’ll be happy we’re back together.
Zane sets my plate in front of me and sits down across from me. My parents aren’t moving. I can tell he doesn’t want to rock the boat. I give him a grateful smile and start eating.
Things go smoothly for the next hour as we all just chat and have fun. Zane and I have our ankles tangled up together under the table as I talk to my parents, and he talks to Owen and Scott. We smile at each other often, and he makes sure my water glass stays full. I know part of it’s for my parents’ benefit, but I also know it’s just him taking care of me. The way he likes to. That’s one thing I love about him. He always tries to take care of everyone.
We’re eating dessert and making plans to meet with my parents tomorrow, when Scott stands up from the table. “Hey guys, can I have everyone’s attention. I have…umm, well, an announcement to make.”
We all stop speaking and look over to him. I’m wondering what he could be announcing, when Yasmin stands up next to him. “It’s not just your announcement, Pretty Boy.”
“I know. I had to get their attention, Yas. We have an announcement.”
He looks at her and gives a smile that would melt the panties off any woman in the world. They stare at each other for a moment before looking back at all of us. Yasmin breaks the silence. “I’m pregnant!”
The girls all squeal and surround Yasmin, while the guys congratulate Scott. We’re all freaking out and so happy for the two of them. They’ve been through a lot, but came out better on the other side. I’ll admit that their relationship has given me hope for mine with Zane. Scott never left Yasmin for another woman, but he did leave her. She also left him once. But now they’re stronger and in love more than ever.
Ryan clears his throat a few minutes later. “Well, this is a little crazy and anticlimactic. We also have news.”
Maggie is the first to speak. “Really? You’re having a baby, too?”
“Yeah. We are,” Chloe replies.
Everyone turns their attention to the two of them now. This is pretty crazy. When we get back to our seats, Gary looks over to Luke and Olivia. “Is there anything the two of you would like to tell us?”
“No,” Luke tells him with a laugh. “Not that we’d be upset if it happens.”
“No, we wouldn’t. But for now, Luke has his classroom kids and I play with Hope during the day.”
“This is really going to be cool. I can’t wait to see the two of you trying to be dads.”
“Trying? Really? If you can do it, Owe, then Ry and I can definitely do it.”
“Yeah, man. Not cool.”
“I wasn’t insulting you. I was just thinking of the future. Like when your kid chooses his or her friends over spending time with you, Scott. Or when yours defies you the first time, Ry. It’s going to be epic to see how you handle all that. I mean, Hope’s still a baby, but she already has her own personality. I can only imagine her as a teenager.”
“Your brothers will do just fine, Owen. They’ll be wonderful fathers,” Maggie chides him.
“Didn’t say they wouldn’t, Mom.” He does look a little sheepish, though. “Besides, we’re about to have the coolest situation imaginable. Our three kids are going to be close in age, and once Luke gets his shit together, all four of us will have cousins who can play with each other.”
“They can play with Zane and my baby, too.”
I turn and see my worst nightmare come to life. Whitney is standing there and she’s definitely pregnant. I turn to Zane, who looks like he wants to murder her.
“What the fuck are you doing here, Whitney?”
“You wouldn’t answer my calls anymore. The baby is going to need you, so I came to you.”
“You said you didn’t sleep with her.”
“I didn’t, Q. I swear it. She’s just being the manipulative bitch she’s always been. That’s not my baby.”
“You may not have willingly slept with me, but there was that night you drank yourself into a stupor. Crying about ‘losing Quinn’ and other crap. You passed out and I had my way with you.”
“Bullshit.”
“Are you sure, Zane?”
“I am. I kicked you out before I passed out. And I double bolted the door. I wasn’t that far gone to let you stay. You know that. That is not my kid. And you need to leave.”
“I may leave here, but I’m not leaving Vegas. I need you, Zane. You know that.”
“What I know is that I helped you all I could, because you made me feel guilty. I got away as soon as I could. I told you over, and over, that we were never going to be more than friends. Now, I can’t even be that with you. I knew you’d pull something, but this is low. Even for you. You need to get the fuck out. You can stay in Vegas all you want, but I’m not having any contact with you.”
“Oh really?” She gets an evil smile on her face and then yells over her shoulder. “Landon, come on back here.”
“No, Whitney. Dammit. No.”
A young boy runs around the corner. His eyes light up when he sees Zane. He runs over, and hugs him hard around his waist. Zane hesitates for a moment, but hugs him back. “I missed you so much, Dad. Why did you leave us?”
Time stands still as I look on in shock. Zane meets my eyes and shakes his head, mouthing “no” to me. He doesn’t deny it to the little boy, though. “I told you why I was leaving, Land. You know I love you, but I had to leave.”
“For the other girl. The one who stole you from Mom?”
I feel like I’ve just been shot. I reel backwards a little. “No. I don’t know what your mom told you, but Quinn didn’t steal me from your mom. I love Quinn. Your mom and I are just friends.”
“But she’s having another baby. We need to stick together and be a family.”
“Land, I’ll keep in touch with you and maybe I can come visit you sometimes, but we’re not all going to be a family. Ever.”
The boy—Zane’s son—looks like he’s about to lose it. I have to do something, so I do what’s right. “No Zane. You should be with your son.”
“What? Quinn?” I pull off my ring and hand it to him. “No. Don’t do this. I can explain. I was supposed to explain tonight. This isn’t what it looks like.”
“He’s not your son?”
He looks conflicted as he looks at Landon, then me. His jaw is clenched. “Dad, tell her. I’m yours. Your name’s on my birth certificate. I’ve seen it.”
Zane looks up, like the Heavens are going to give him the answer he needs. I can’t stand to feel the pain that’s radiating from him, so I drop the ring on the table and start to walk away. “We need to talk, Quinn. Please. Just promise to talk to me.”
“I can’t promise you anything right now.”
I walk past Whitney and resist the urge to punch her. My parents form a barrier around me as I glare at her. I make it to the car before I collapse. My parents hug me tight and then help me into the car. I’m not sure where they’re taking me, but I know I have to get away from here.
* * *
Zane
I’m ready to kill Whitney. Like I can actually see myself murdering her. I take a couple of deep breaths to calm myself down before I speak. “Can someone take Landon inside so I can speak to his mother, please?”
Whitney’s eyes go wide. She knows. I’m done protecting her and keeping her secrets. She’s gone too far. This whole fucking situation has gone too far.
“I’ll take him. Come on, Landon. My name’s Alex. We have some cool video games inside that you can play while your parents talk.”
Landon reluctantly lets go of me, and I give him a smile. I do love the kid. “Thanks, Alex.”
Once they’re inside and out of earshot, I turn on Whitney. “You fucking, lying bitch. How dare you come here? How dare you bring your son?”
“I had to, Zane. You gave me no choice when you wouldn’t come back to Chicago.”
“Why would I go back when my life is here?”
“Your life? You mean Quinn?”
“Yes. She’s my life. I’ve been very clear about that to you. Very clear.”
“What about our son?”
“Your son, not ours. Drop the fucking act, Whit. I was already going to tell my friends what’s been going on.”
“You can’t. If it gets out…”
“It apparently needs to get out if you’re pregnant again.”
She can’t even look at me. It is his. The guy who she’s been involved with since she was seventeen. I was such an idiot back then, but I’m not now.
“I’m trying to follow along here. Landon isn’t your son, Zane?”
“No, Maggie, he’s not. Although I’m on his birth certificate because Whitney convinced me he was. That’s why I was gone so long. I intended just to go with her and talk. I knew I loved Quinn, but I had to be sure, for both our sakes. I kissed Whitney and knew immediately that I was over her. I was about to leave and find Quinn when she pulled out the birth certificate. I believed her and went back to Chicago. It wasn’t until a month in, when I was already in love with Landon, that she had to tell me the truth. I wouldn’t sleep with her and told her I would support the two of them, but I was going to win my woman back and there was nothing she could do to change my mind. Or my heart. She told me the truth then. I won’t get into it all right now, but I am not Landon’s father. I stayed longer to help her plan what to do.” I take another deep breath to keep myself calm, and then look at her. “I told you to tell him the truth. You said you would. Why does he still think I’m his father?”
“He loves you. You’re the only father he’s known. You didn’t deny it in front of your precious Quinn.”
“I couldn’t hurt him.” But I hurt her again.
“Then come back to Chicago with us. It’s what he wants. We can be a family.”
“No. We can’t. I don’t have feelings for you. Even the friendship I felt for you is gone after this stunt of yours. If I never see you again in my life, it still won’t be enough. I can’t believe you did this. No, I take that back. I can believe it. You need to go inside and get your son. Then the two of you need to leave.”
“We have nowhere to go.”
“Bull fucking shit. You have your inheritance. If you can’t figure out how to take care of yourself and your kids, hire someone. Just get out.”
She looks around, but when she sees that she’ll get no sympathy from the Griffins, she resigns herself and heads inside. I drop into the nearest chair, my head in my hands. This situation is so beyond fucked up and I can’t deal with it anymore. I just can’t. I shouldn’t have to.
“Dude, she lied to you about him being your kid? That’s seriously fucked up?”
“I know, Scott.”
“Why didn’t you tell me? I would’ve helped.”
“I thought I could handle it. I told her I wasn’t getting back with her. I said I’d visit Landon and be part of his life, but that my life was with Quinn.”
“She is seriously one fucked up bitch.”
“Yes, Candi, she is.”
“Do you know who the father is?”
“Landon’s? Yeah, Gary. I know the baby is his, too—at least I’m pretty sure it is. She didn’t deny it.”
“Why didn’t she just go to him?”
“He’s a friend of her father’s. A married friend. She was seeing us both when we were high school seniors. When she got pregnant, she told him and he begged her to keep quiet, telling her he’d leave his wife when he could. So she put me on the birth certificate and incurred her parent’s wrath. All for some guy who’s never leaving his wife. She told me they’ve been on and off for all these years. At least I know why she tried so hard to get me to sleep with her. She needed to use me as a cover again.”
“Wow, just wow. That’s crazy. She’s crazy,” Luke tells me.
“That she is. And now her crazy has leaked back into my life. Quinn looked so broken. Again. I don’t know if she’ll listen to me.”
“She will. She loves you so much, Zane. I’ll get her to meet with you.”
“Thanks, Chloe. I don’t want to force her, but I’ll take all the help I can get with convincing her to listen.”
“Would you like to move into the guest house for now?” Maggie asks me.
“Move?”
“Until Quinn talks to you, it may be awkward for you to live next door to her. You said you didn’t want to push her.”
“Yeah, you’re right. Thanks, Maggie. I’ll get my stuff tonight.”
I leave soon after, heading for my apartment to pack up. It’s hard to step off the elevator and not go to Quinn’s apartment to see if she’s there. I need to do this right, though, and not pressure her. It’s worked for me once and I’m hoping it does it again. I pack up my clothes, which is all I really have here, and head back to the Griffin house.
Chapter 7
Quinn
I spent the weekend with my parents in their hotel suite. I shut my phone off the whole time, because I didn’t want to see Zane trying to reach me. I cried a lot, yelled a lot, and hurt even more than I did last time we broke up. My parents said nothing at all until Sunday night. Then they shocked the hell out of me.
“You need to talk to Zane,” my dad tells me.
“What? You’re on his side?”
“We’re always on your side, Quinn. You know that. But I believe that he loves you and Whitney isn’t pregnant with his child. I’m not sure about the older boy, but even if he is Zane’s son, that doesn’t mean you can’t be together.”
“I agree with your father. Talk to him. If you still can’t be with him, then that’s your choice. But you owe it to both you and Zane to hear what he has to say.”
I know they’re right. I need to at least hear him out. I head back to my place, but stop at his door instead of mine when I get off the elevator. I knock, but he doesn’t answer. I guess he’s not home. I’ll try him again in the morning.
I go into my apartment and plug in my phone, deciding that I need to turn it on and watch the texts and missed calls come up. I read and listen to the ones from Yasmin, Chloe, Candi, Olivia, Scott, and Owen first. They all tell me to talk to Zane. That things aren’t as they seem. I take a deep breath before opening Zane’s texts. There’s only two, and no voicemails, which surprises me more than a little.
Friday 10:38 PM
Zane: I love you, Quinn. Please talk to me.
Sunday 3:17 PM
Zane: You’re obviously not going to call me. I understand, and I won’t push. Just come to me when you’re ready to talk. I LOVE YOU SO, SO MUCH!
I put my head back against the couch. He’s going to give me time, like he did when he moved here for me. Even though it’s probably killing him, he’s going to let me take the lead again. God, I love him so much. I have to work tomorrow, but I’ll stop by his place after. We can talk, and hopefully, be together again. I have to believe everything will work out. If not, I don’t know if I’m strong enough to survive losing him again.
I wake up the next morning eager to see Zane. I know we won’t have time for a long talk before I have to work, but I can at least let him know that I want to talk to him. I shower and dress quickly before heading next door. I stop in my tracks when I see his door open. Did something happen to him? I rush inside and see the maids cleaning his apartment. I’m a little confused because we don’t use the maid service. Neither one of us think it’s fair to give them extra work. “Excuse me, is Zane here?”
“Zane? You mean the man who used to live here? No, he left Friday night. We’re cleaning up.”
“Oh, okay. Thanks.”
I walk out and lean against the wall for a couple of minutes, trying to control my breathing. It’s not okay. I’m not okay. He left me again. Only this time, I left him first. I manage to pull myself together enough to go downstairs and head to work. I get most of my work done before lunch, which will give me time to sew this afternoon.
I head into the employee cafeteria and get some steak nachos. I’ve just sat down when Chloe sits across from me. “How are you doing, Quinn? Everyone’s been worried.”
“I’m sorry. I turned off my phone until last night.”
“It’s okay, but you didn’t answer my question.”
“I’m pretty bad, actually.”
“You haven’t talked to Zane, then?”
“No. I stopped by his apartment last night, but he didn’t answer. Today, maids were cleaning his place and said he left. I-I can’t believe he left with Whitney again.”
“What? No. He didn’t leave with that bitch. He’s in the Griffin guest house.”
“He is?”
“Yes. He wanted to give you space until you were ready to talk to him. It sounds like you’re ready.”
“I thought I was, but seeing him gone freaked me out. I may need some more time.”
She looks uncomfortable and seems to be debating telling me something. “Ryan and I, well, we thought you’d talk to him right away. So we invited him to Tucson with us next week.”
“Oh.”
“We can un-invite him.”
“No. It’s fine. We’ll be busy and I probably won’t see him much.”
“Quinn, we won’t be that busy.”
“You’re right. Maybe I can talk to him one night. I did want to see him in a tux.”
“So, you’re okay with this? I mean, I know most of what he’s going to tell you, and I know you’ll be okay after.”
“Yeah, I’m okay. You know? It’s not bad?”
“Definitely not bad. On his part, at least. We could all kill Whitney, though.”
“I’ve felt that way for more than half my life.”
“Give him a chance. What’s he’s gone through at the hands of that woman is pretty bad.”
“I will. I promise. I just need a little time.”
I finish my lunch and head upstairs to sew. I get a few dresses made before remembering to call Owen. I need my Plan B. I can tell he doesn’t want to agree, but he does. He says he’ll pick up the keys for the store from me tomorrow.
* * *
Zane
I’m meeting Owen at Quinn’s shop. He called me as soon as he got off the phone with her last night. We may not be together again, but I was her first choice to paint her store, and I’m still going to do it for her. She doesn’t need Owen, or her Plan B, even if she thinks she does. I love her and I’m going to make her shop look the best I can.
“Hey, Zane. Thanks for meeting me.”
“Of course. Thank you for telling her you’d do this and then calling me.”
“I knew you’d still want to do it. I’m a little scared of how she’ll react, but Candi will protect me if anything goes down.”
“I don’t doubt it. You wife’s one tough lady.”
Owen laughs. “She can be, yeah.”
He hands over the keys, and I prop the door open so I can bring my supplies in. I’m painting the walls a deep coral then free-handing the tattoo designs in pencil. I’ll brush and spray paint them once they’re what I know she’ll want. I work for about six hours, stopping to eat takeout from the restaurant a couple doors down. The coral is all done. I have the door open to dry the walls faster.
I’ve just started drawing on the first dry wall when I hear a gasp, followed by a “shit” coming from behind me. I turn to see Quinn with her hand over her mouth and Owen behind her shaking his head. Shit indeed. “Hi Q.”
“You-you’re doing my walls.”
“You asked me to.”
“I know, but I didn’t think…I mean, I asked Owen.”
“I tried to get here before her, man, but traffic on Fremont was a little crazy.”
“It’s cool, Owe. She was going to know once it was done, anyway.”
“I’ll just go and leave you two to talk.”
He waves and then walks away. Quinn hasn’t said anything through our exchange. She’s just looking at the walls. “I’m sorry to deceive you. I just really wanted to do this for you.”
“I didn’t tell you I wanted this color.”
“It’s your favorite. I can change it if you want, though.”
“No. It’s perfect.” She steps closer to the wall I’d started on. “You’re doing it freehand?”
“Yeah. That’s how I did your tats, so I thought it would be cool to do the walls the same way.”
“I don’t know what to say.”
“You don’t have to say anything. I mean, it would be nice if you said I could still work on this for you. But if you don’t want me to, I’ll understand.”
“No. I do want you to. I only asked Owen because I was afraid you wouldn’t do it.”
“Don’t ever think I won’t do something for you. Whatever you need from me is yours, Q. Anything.”
“Anything?”
“Yes. Always.”
“Chloe said you’re going with us to Tucson next week.” I nod, worried that she’s going to ask me not to go. “Would you be my date for the parties? I think I still need a little time before we talk, but I’d like to be with you while we’re there.”
“With you just for the parties?”
“No. I-I want to be with you, but I already know that’s not fair. So I’ll settle for the parties.”
“Never settle, baby. Take what you already own. My heart, mind, body, and soul are all yours.”
“You wouldn’t be upset if we slept together?”
“Upset? Fuck no. A little sad because I want more? Yes. But I’ll deal.”
“No. I don’t want you to deal with being hurt.” She sits on the floor in the middle of the empty space and pats the spot next to her. “Sit down and tell me what happened with Whitney.”
“You’re sure?”
“I am. I actually went to your door on Sunday night to tell you I wanted to hear your story, but you were gone. I got a little freaked out when I knew you’d moved out, so I was trying to get myself in a good enough place to listen to you. I’m there right now, Z. Tell me everything.”
* * *
Quinn
Zane’s eyes go wide, but then he smiles and sits down across from me. We both have our legs crossed and our knees are touching. He reaches out to take my hand, I let him hold it. He closes his eyes for a minute before he starts to speak.
“When Whitney told me she had to leave me to save her inheritance, she promised that she’d come back to me when she got it. She also asked me to promise to at least give her a chance. I was so obsessed with her back then, that I agreed. I never really thought she’d come back, and when I fell in love with you, I put it out of my head. You were all I cared about.
“Then she showed up at the wedding. Because I had made that promise, I felt that I needed to go with her. I wasn’t planning on getting back together with her, but I try to keep all my promises. I also felt that I owed it to you, and to us, to make sure I really had no feelings left for her. We went to her hotel room, and I let her kiss me. Like I told you before, I felt nothing. Absolutely nothing. I told her that and got up to leave when she dropped her bombshell.”
“Landon?”
“Yes. Landon. She told me we had a son and pulled out his birth certificate with my name on it. He was born seven months after she left me. Although I always used a condom with her, I know they aren’t 100%. She told me that my son needed me and I had to go back to Chicago with her that night if I wanted to see him.”
“You had to go.” I know he did. I know him. He wouldn’t abandon his child.
“I did. I wanted to call you, but Whitney told me she’d take Landon and hide him somewhere if I did that. I know I technically had a choice, but I didn’t feel like I did. I had to meet my son, Quinn.”
“I understand.” And I do. I really do.
“We got to Chicago, and she insisted on them moving into my apartment, even though hers was fancier. I made the two of them share the guest room, though. I wasn’t going to have another woman in our bed.” I smile at him and lift his hand to my lips, kissing his knuckles.
“I fell in love with that little boy, Quinn. I love him so much. Whit tried to get me to sleep with her. She was so relentless that I had to not only lock my bedroom door, but prop a chair against the handle as well. Other than Landon, you were all I could think about.
“Without her housekeeper, Whitney was pretty much useless with Landon. I made his meals and took him to all kinds of places like the park, baseball games, and museums. I loved being with him, but I was dying inside because I was away from you. I finally confronted Whitney and told her that I was coming back to you. I would visit Landon, and be a part of his life, but I needed to be with you. I also told her that if she tried to hide, I’d ask my mom and the Griffins for help.”
He pauses and hangs his head. It takes me a moment to realize that the hand I’m holding is shaking because he’s crying. “Z, what is it? What happened?”
He looks up at me. There’s such anguish in his eyes that I feel my eyes fill with tears, too. “She told me he wasn’t mine. That she lied on the birth certificate because she couldn’t put the real father’s name on there. That she came to Vegas and lied because she wanted me back. She made me fall in love with that beautiful boy, and it was all a lie.”
“Oh my God, Zane. Oh my God.” I pull him into my arms and let him cry for several minutes as I hold him. He looks up at me, and I lean down to kiss him sweetly. It seems to give him the strength he needs to continue. But I don’t let go of him.
“I didn’t believe her. I thought she wanted to punish me for leaving her. I made her get a paternity test. It took a week, but when it came back, it was just as she said. I’m not Landon’s father. I told her that I loved him and wanted to be a part of his life still, but she needed to tell him the truth. She told me she couldn’t tell him about his father.”
“She doesn’t know who the father is?”
“Oh, she knows. It’s a good friend of her father’s. She was seeing him while seeing me. He wouldn’t leave his wife, so she told her parents the baby was mine and that I’d abandoned her. They already hated me, so it was just another thing for them to be angry about.”
“Wow. A friend of her dad’s. That’s…umm…well, kind of gross.”
“You’re telling me. Thank God I’ve only ever gone bare with you. I’m pretty sure that’s who she’s pregnant with again. I caught her crying on the phone with someone several times. I also now know why she tried so hard to get me to have sex with her. She wanted to say the baby was mine, too.”
“You know I want to kill the bitch, right? I won’t because a, she’s pregnant, and b, I can’t make love with you several times a day if I’m in jail. But I seriously want to.”
“She’s not worth it. Besides, I definitely want to make love with you multiple times a day. I wish I could have said something at the barbeque, but when Landon called me ‘dad’ and hugged me, I just…I couldn’t do that to him.”
“I know. I don’t blame you. That poor boy. He’d be so lucky to have you for a dad.”
“I don’t want to just abandon him, but I don’t know how to do this.”
“We’ll figure it out. You and me, together. I won’t let you lose him.”
“Thanks for letting me tell you. I never wanted to be away from you. I swear it, Q.”
“I know. And just so you know, I’m not planning on letting you get away from me again. If Whitney or anyone else tries to come for you, I’ll just hold onto you and not let go.”
“You won’t have to, babe. I’m never leaving you again. For any reason.”
“Can I have my ring back? Whenever you can get it to me?”
“Of course. And I can give it to you now. I’ve kept it with me at all times since you gave it back.” He reaches into the pocket of his jeans and pulls out a different box. I realize the original box is back at my place. I watch him lift it out and slip it on my finger. “It’s back where it belongs.”
“I’m never taking it off again.”
“Good. I have one more surprise for you.”
“Really? Is it here?”
“In the backroom.”
I cock my head and raise an eyebrow at him. “The backroom?”
He laughs and smirks at me. “I can give you that back there, too, but I really do have something else for you, babe.”
“Show me and then I’ll decide what else you can give me.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
He takes my hand, pulls me to my, and lead me into the backroom. I have to cover my mouth to stop from screaming when I see it. It’s all my inventory from the shop in Chicago, plus the dresses I’d finished at our apartment but hadn’t taken to the shop yet.
“Oh my God, Z! Thank you so much.”
“You’re more than welcome.”
I turn to him and kiss him hard. “You can definitely give me whatever you’d like.”
“Not here, Q. I want you in a bed, because we both know once won’t be enough tonight.”
“No, it won’t.”
I help Zane clean up, and then we lock up the shop and go out to our cars. He offers to cook me dinner at my place, but as usual, I don’t have any groceries. He’s worried about going out covered in paint, but I tell him I don’t care what he looks like. We go to Market Grill for some good Mediterranean food.
I have to work in the morning, so we decide to go to my place after dinner. Zane says he doesn’t care about doing the walk of shame in his same clothes tomorrow. That earns him a nice, hot kiss in the strip mall parking lot. I pull back with a smile, telling him I’ll see him soon.
When we get to my place, we undress each other slowly. I take care with his clothes, because he’ll be wearing them again tomorrow morning. He lifts me onto the coffee table and asks me to lie down on my back. I do, leaning on my elbows to watch as he moves one of the chairs closer to the table. I’m confused until he gets to his knees and kisses each of my ankles as he spreads my legs wide. One foot resting on the couch, one on the chair. He pulls me to the edge of the low table and stays on his knees as he enters me.
I see stars. I swear I do. This position has me completely vulnerable, but I know he won’t hurt me. I let myself drown in the sensations I’m feeling as he moves in and out of me, twisting his hips every few thrusts. He’s holding onto my thighs, his fingers circling right next to where he’s inside of me. He shifts his hands, both fingers start stroking my clit, rubbing circles around each other.
“Zane. Oh my God, Zane.”
“You like that, Q? Or do you need more?”
“More?”
“Play with your tits. You know it’ll make you come harder. I want to see you shatter while we’re both touching you and my cock’s fucking your pussy.”
I do as he says. I know he’s right before I even start to touch myself. I move both my hands over my nipples and pinch them as he works my clit. I’m bucking off the table from the triple sensations of our fingers and his cock. Within a minute I’m screaming his name as I soak him, just the way he likes it. He thrusts harder a few more times before he’s shuddering, and calling out my name, too.
He leans his head on my stomach as I let my legs fall to the floor. I have the urge to wrap them around his back, but I don’t think I have enough strength for that right now. I do play with his hair as he traces my ribs. I know he’s recovering when his hands move higher, playing with my breasts.
“Round 2?”
“Mm-hmm. But not out here. I’d love to have you in the shower, but I don’t know if I can stand for that long after what you just did to me.”
“What I did to you?” I laugh as he pulls me up and starts leading me slowly to my bedroom.
“Yes. You just fucked the living hell out of me woman.”
“No, my future husband. That was all you. This time will be me, though, so lie back and let me have a ride.”
“Yes, ma’am,” he says in his best southern accent, which is really bad. He lies down on his back, and I climb onto him, backwards, and start to ride. “Fuck me.”
“That’s what I’m doing, Z.”
“I know, Q, I know. Fuuckk.”
There’s not many places for my hands to go, so grabbing his balls with one just seemed like the right thing to do. He’s the one bucking now, as he holds my hips tight. I kind of wish I’d left my hair long so I could see it falling in front of me while I get the best kind of ride possible. I don’t dwell on my short haircut as I feel Zane coming. “I-I can’t stop. It’s too much.”
“Come hard for me, Zane.”
He does, and although I’m close, I don’t come. It’s okay, I already came once. Zane doesn’t feel the same way, though, as he flips me over onto my back and attacks my clit with his mouth. His fingers are working inside of me, which means they’re getting coated with his semen. That’s my last coherent thought before I’m screaming again. He pulls his fingers out and goes to wipe them off. I stop him and bring his fingers to my mouth, licking them clean.
“Yum. Tasting you, along with a little bit of me, is super-hot.”
“I don’t know about that, but I do know that you taste delicious.”
“You didn’t have to do that, you know. I was fine.”
“That, right there, is the problem, my lovely fiancé. ‘Fine’ is nowhere near good enough of a word to be associated with my cock in your pussy.”
“I meant that I had already come once.”
“So had I, but that didn’t stop you from fucking me into another mind-blowing orgasm.”
“I’m not keeping score.”
“Well, I am. And while I plan to be ahead most days, I won’t be happy with anything less than a tie.”
“Challenge accepted,” I tell him as I get off the bed and saunter into the bathroom, turning my head and licking my lips as I go.
“Oh, fuck,” is all the warning I get before he’s behind me, pushing me against the wall.
We spend the rest of the night, and early morning, trying to best each other. We finally call a draw at four in the morning. And only because we might actually die if we keep going. I don’t even know how many times we both came, but I do know I may have some trouble walking into work. Totally worth it, though.
Chapter 8
Zane
I have a surprise for Quinn when she gets off work. I’ve been drawing and painting at her shop all day, but I’ll show her that later. This is something I worked out with Scott. I go to her office, but she’s not there.
I walk over to Chloe’s desk to see if she knows where my girl is. “Hi, Zane,” she says when she sees me.
“Hey. I didn’t see Quinn in her office. Do you know where she is?”
“Oh. She finished her work, so I let her go early. I know that if fast sewing was an Olympic sport, she’d win, but I figured she could use some extra time.”
I laugh at her comment, but agree with her before heading to the elevator. I’ll have to adjust my plans a little. I call Scott, then her. She answers on the second ring. “Hi Z.”
“Hi, Q. Can you come to the elevator, please?”
“The elevator?”
“Yes, please.”
“Umm, okay. I’ll be right there.”
I stand in the elevator doorway, watching her as she exits her apartment. She’s in a sleeveless black shirt and very short jean shorts. Her short blonde bob is parted on the side, and curled under a little, with a little bit of her darker roots showing at the top. I whip off my t-shirt as she approaches and then pull her inside. I slam my hand into the stop button and push her against the wall.
“Zane. There’s cameras, and people will come if the elevator’s stopped.”
“Scott shut off the cameras and took care of the stop button, too. I want you in this elevator. Please.”
“You went to all that trouble just to fuck me against an elevator wall?” she asks me as I pull her leg up, and attack her neck.
“Yes. And it was no trouble.”
“You deserve a good reward, though.”
She shakes her leg loose from my grip, and takes off her shorts. I can’t wait to unbutton her shirt, so I tear it open, exposing her perfect breasts which are encased in a sheer coral bra that match her thong. Her, and that damn color of hers, are going to kill me. I pull off my jeans and briefs in one motion. Then I’m on her, tearing her thong off, but leaving the bra on.
She moans as I slam into her, while slamming her into the wall. Her legs are around my waist and I’m pumping hard. I can’t go slow this time, and I can tell she wants it hard and fast, too. It’s not too long before we’re both shuddering and coming hard, together.
We stay together for a minute while I whisper in her ear and kiss her all over her face and neck. She runs her hands up and down my back, while whispering sweet and sexy things back to me. When we’ve gotten ourselves worked up again, I put her down so we can get our clothes, release the elevator, and call Scott to put the cameras back on. We go into her apartment, re-christening every room and surface in there. All night.
* * *
Quinn
We’re on our way to Tucson for the opening of the new building. I’m excited to share this with Zane. We had a great rest of the week. He finished painting my store and got all my fixtures and lights put in. With help from the Griffin brothers, and their friends, Sean and Danny, of course. It looks so cool in there. I was able to get most of the dresses I wanted done, too. I can’t believe I’ll be opening in a couple of weeks. It’s my dream coming true, especially with Zane and me together again.
I only had time to make my ball gown for the formal party, since I did gowns for Chloe, Yasmin, Candi, Olivia, and Alex. For everything else, I’m wearing store bought clothes that fit my style. Today’s “meet the press” dress is sleeveless with a black and white wavy pattern, and splashes of bright green and blue. I’m wearing high black heels, with a bunch of straps that made Zane’s eyes go dark when he saw them. I promised him I’d leave them on tonight.
Ryan, Chloe, Owen, Candi, and I answer questions from the reporters waiting on the tarmac when we get off the Griffin jet. I’ve been prepped already on how to answer, although everyone told me to be myself and not worry about the PR department. I think I do okay. After about fifteen minutes, Ryan tells them no more questions, and we all get in the oversized limo. Zane pulls me onto his lap and kisses me hard.
“You did great, babe.”
“How do you know? You were in here.”
“I had the window cracked so I could hear you.”
“He’s right. You really did do great. Especially, for it being your first time.”
“Thanks, Ryan.”
It doesn’t take us long to get from the airport to the new building on Broadway. I can’t wait for Zane to see it. I want him to like my work. I hope he does.
“I’m going to love whatever you did, Q.”
“Huh?”
“I can tell that you’re worried about what I’m going to think. So I’m telling you to stop worrying. I. Will. Love. Whatever. You. Do. Always.” He punctuates each word with a little kiss.
“I love you.” I reach up and kiss him harder.
“I love you, too.”
We get out of the limo and pose for pictures for the press that’s gathered there. They used to have a full day of press interviews, but after one really bad day where reporters attacked Candi a couple years ago, they only talk to the press at the scheduled press party. We allow them a few minutes of pictures. Zane comes up behind me and grabs my hand, before we all walk inside.
“Show me your magic, beautiful lady,” Zane whispers in my ear as he squeezes my hand.
I bite my lip and then decide, what the hell. He’ll love me no matter what. So I pull him around, showing him all the little things I contributed on. He kisses me every time I stop and point something out, telling me over and over again how talented I am. A girl could get used to this.
We spend the afternoon making sure everything looks good. Zane hangs out on the steps, answering emails and playing games on his phone. I love that he stayed behind, when everyone else not connected to the building went to check into the hotel. I walk over to him, and he looks up as I approach. I get that special smile he saves just for me.
“Thanks for hanging out. You could’ve gone back to the hotel with everyone else.”
“I didn’t want to miss a minute with you. You really did an awesome job.”
“Thanks.”
“You guys ready to head to dinner?” Chloe asks us.
“Yeah. We’re going to that Mexican place again, right?”
“We are.”
“You’ll love it, Z. It’s called Mi Nidito. Their food is super yummy.”
“Better than mine?” he teases me.
“You don’t make me Mexican food.”
“True,” he says with a laugh.
The six of us pile into a smaller limo and go to the restaurant, where everyone else is already waiting for us. The night is fun as we all joke around and drink way too many margaritas. I fall asleep on Zane’s shoulder, and he carries me into our room at the Westward Look Resort. Luckily, Scott had checked us in earlier. That’s one of the perks of being a billionaire, I guess.
In the morning, I wake up naked, with Zane wrapped around me. He’s sound asleep and holding me tight. I want to wake him up, but I know I should let him sleep, so I just lie there and place my hand over his. A few minutes later, he kisses the back of my neck.
“Good morning, baby.”
“It is a good morning, Z.”
“We’re going to that street you like today, right?”
“Fourth Avenue? Yeah. I mean I’d like to if you’re still okay with it.”
“I’m down with whatever you want to do.”
“Well, I would like to go down,” I tell him as I turn around in his arms. He gives me a wicked smile that tells me we’re going to have a very fun morning.
The morning, and Zane, don’t disappoint. We use the car service to stop at a breakfast place down the road that had been recommended to us, The Good Egg. It’s fun and really good. I love that they give the little kids around us Cheerios and apple slices. After breakfast, the car drops us off on Fourth Avenue, which is near the University of Arizona and downtown Tucson. I came here with everyone else when we were in Tucson a couple of months ago and fell in love with the funky stores and laid back vibe.
We browse the shops. Zane insists on buying me candles, funky jewelry, and anything else I want. I try to pay, but he’s having none of it, saying that both the shop and his freelancing are bringing in good money. I do insist on buying us lunch at a cool deli called Bison Witches. We call the car to pick us up, and I have the guy stop at an Eegee’s so Zane can experience the awesomeness of their frozen drinks.
After a couple hours of napping, we get dressed for the employee preview of the building tonight. This isn’t an official Griffin building, but they did pay for it to be built, so we’re having the same parties they throw for their own buildings. This party is everyone’s favorite, they tell me, because it’s for the people who will be using the building. To all of us, it’s the most important. Gary, Maggie and Olivia flew out this afternoon to attend. Alex couldn’t miss school, neither could Luke, but they both sent me flowers.
Since tonight is a casual evening, I’m in a simple black capped sleeve dress with some cool black bands crossing over it in different directions. I have some black heels with sheer panels and pieces of leather tied all over them. I top it off with a pair of earrings my man bought for me, and I’m ready to go. Zane comes up behind me and grabs my waist.
“You’re smokin’, as usual, babe.”
I turn and take him in. He’s in dark jeans, a dark grey button down, and combat boots. Hot doesn’t even come close to describing him. “Right back at you.”
“Stop looking at me like that, or we’re not going to leave this room.”
“Fine, but I’m looking at you like this again when we get back to the room later.”
“I’m counting on it.”
We meet everyone downstairs and get into two limos. The night goes really well. The employees loved the building and thanked us all. The wonderful night didn’t end at the party. Zane blew my mind quite a few times before we fell asleep. Just like I knew he would.
Chapter 9
Zane
Last night’s party was fun. What we did when we got back to the hotel was even better. Whoever said, or thought, that being with only one woman was boring has definitely not found the right one yet. My woman gets hotter every day. And night.
Everyone’s hanging out together today, before the cocktail party with the press tonight. We’re going to a mission, San Xavier. It’s supposed to be absolutely beautiful; I’m pretty excited. My family’s all Catholic. Although I’ve lapsed, I still pray every night and love God and all, though. Quinn’s excited, too, since it’s pretty much the same for her.
Hours later, we’re back at the hotel. The mission was just as beautiful as promised. We had lunch at a restaurant we happened upon on the South side of town. The food was amazing, and as I’m told, authentically Mexican. Quinn and I are a little tired, but we don’t really want to go to sleep. We cuddle on the couch in our room, just talking and kissing. It’s more than enough. I mean, I’ll never turn down the chance to make love to her, but we were friends first, and I love that we still are.
Before we know it, it’s time to get dressed. The time passes by too quickly. Tonight is dressier since it’s a cocktail party for the press. I have a surprise for Quinn that I think she’ll like. I’m wearing a coral shirt under my black suit. I tease her about her favorite color all the time, but I think it’s pretty hot that she likes a girly color when she’s normally not so girly. I haven’t seen her dress for tonight, but she told me it was coral. I wanted to match her. Yeah, the nerd police are coming for me any minute now, but I don’t give a fuck.
I hear the bathroom door open and turn to see Quinn in her dress. The sight of her nearly brings me to my knees, especially when she turns around. Her dress is indeed coral. It goes to mid-thigh with cutouts all over it, especially in the back, and sheer material at the bottom that goes to the floor. She has sexy coral shoes that look like, well coral, on her feet. Damn, I’m a lucky man.
I’m so far gone that I don’t even notice her walk up to me. She fingers the collar of my shirt and leans in to kiss me, breaking me from my stupor. “Love the shirt, Z.”
“Thought you would. And I fucking love your dress and heels.”
“Thanks.”
This party goes well, too. It’s definitely fancy, and Quinn keeps getting pulled away for interviews, but it’s all good. We’re cool, so I don’t mind hanging with Scott and Yasmin for most of the night. We continue our cuddling theme when we get back to the hotel, just holding each other and making out a little, before falling asleep in each other’s arms.
* * *
Quinn
I’m so excited for tonight. I’ll be wearing the gown I designed. The fabric is black with a pattern of pink, purple, and white. It has a sweetheart neckline and I gathered the fabric in interesting ways all over the dress. It has a small train, too. I’m pairing it with white and silver heels, then bringing it together with diamond studs that my parents bought me years ago.
The other women and I spent the day getting pampered in the hotel spa. I’ve never done that before, but it was really soothing. They even made my hair look sleeker than normal. I’m totally relaxed as I get dressed. Until I see Zane in his tux, that is. Oh holy hell, I knew it would be hot. We’ve had to dress up with the Griffins a couple times, but seeing him like this never gets old.
“Since your mouth is hanging open, I’m guessing you like what you see just as much as I do.”
“Yes. I do,” I tell him truthfully.
“Your dress is so awesome, babe. You’re going to be a big fashion star and forget all about me.”
“How could I forget you when you give me so many mind-blowing orgasms every day?”
“So, you do only want me for my body?”
Oh my God. I did say that. “No, I mean, I don’t. Really, Zane.”
“Relax, babe. I was just teasing. I know you want all of me. And you have all of me.”
“Same here.”
“Good. Now that we’re on the same page, let’s go to this fancy party where I’m going to have to glare at all the guys again. Just like the last two nights.”
“I’ve been doing plenty of glaring too, you know.”
“Those people should stop wasting their time and focus on single people.”
“Agreed.”
When we get to the lobby, everyone compliments me on my dress, as well as the other girls’. For Chloe, I did a navy blue mermaid style gown. It has a sweetheart neckline and where it flares out at her knees, the ruffles go higher in front. The back has a short train. Yasmin’s dress is a vibrant purple satin. It’s off the shoulder with ruching going asymmetrically to mid-thigh and then the fabric falling straight to the floor. The back has a little peekaboo of skin, too. Candi’s was the hardest, but also the most fun. I made her a Grecian goddess with a one shouldered dress comprised of chiffon layers over satin. The material is draped on the bottom and goes all the way up to the top of her right thigh, with a big slit. When it came to Olivia, I made her look very old Hollywood. Her dress is a pink sequined fabric that looks very sleek in front, covering her from clavicle to toes. But it has a cutout in the back to make it sexier. Alex flew in this afternoon and is wearing the turquoise satin dress I made her. It has a sweetheart neckline with pieces of fabric looping over one another. The empire waistline leads to a straight fall of satin to her feet.
We get to the building and take a ton of photos for the press. They ask about the dresses, and Chloe tells everyone I designed them. She also mentions that my store is opening soon. After the photos, we head to the receiving line where the directors of the foundation for this building are. This party is different than the other ones, not only in that it’s formal, but also because it’s a fundraiser for the building’s organization. For Griffin buildings, they collect donations for Habitat for Humanity. When it’s a non-profit like this one, the money goes to that organization. Not just anyone can come. Only an architect or interior designer can buy individual tickets, or a table, so if you’re not one or the other, you have to be invited by one.
I’m in line with Zane hanging out behind me when I see Chloe freeze with a smile on her face. I look where she’s looking and see them. It’s Whitney, her parents, and Landon, along with another couple. “I had no clue, Quinn. They must have gotten tickets from someone. I wouldn’t have let them in.”
“I believe you, Chloe.”
I turn and motion Zane over to us. “What’s up, Q?”
“Dad. There you are,” Landon says as he passes everyone and runs towards us.
“What the fuck?” Zane says before putting on a smile for the little boy he loves.
Landon pushes past me and grabs onto Zane. I see the hurt in his eyes as he hugs him back. I can tell he’s close to tears and it breaks my heart all over again. Damn that stupid bitch for doing this to them both.
Whitney walks up with her parents in tow. “It’s so nice that you’re here with your whore while your son and I are alone. Are you even going to come and see your new child?” She’s loud and I know it’s on purpose. She thinks he won’t hurt Landon. He wouldn’t normally, but he won’t let her disrespect me, either.
“This is over. All of it.” He pulls away from Landon and looks down at him. “I love you, buddy, more than you can possibly know. But I’m not your dad. Your mom lied to all of us. I’m so sorry.”
“You’re going to deny that you fathered my grandchildren?”
“Yes, I am. The father’s here though. Your friend Lee’s been sleeping with Whitney since we were in high school. She just used me as the scapegoat and then lied to me to try and keep me with her.”
“That’s a lie. Stop lying, Zane.”
“You stop lying, Whit. You’re only hurting us all. I know you don’t care, but you should.” Zane looks to the guy’s wife, and I see the recognition in her eyes as she looks at Landon. “You see it, don’t you? He looks like your kids. I’ve seen pictures of them. They’ve been together on and off since Whitney was seventeen. She actually believed that he’d leave you for her.”
She looks up with tears in her eyes. “Yes. He does look my children.”
All hell breaks loose. Whitney’s dad goes after Lee. Everyone’s yelling. I see Landon run from the room and grab my dress up in my hands as I run after him. He stops in the Employee Game Room, dropping onto the couch and crying. I kneel down in front of him.
“I’m so sorry, Landon. Your mom was supposed to tell you.”
“You’re not sorry. You want me out of Zane’s life.”
“No, sweetheart. I don’t. Zane loves you so much, and I love him. I want you both to have each other. I don’t know how we’ll work it out, but we have to somehow.”
“He loves you more than he loves me.”
I can’t lie to him. “Yes, he does. But that doesn’t make his love for you any less important.”
“I’m scared. I don’t know what’s going to happen. My mom doesn’t want me. She always tells me I’m too messy, or too loud. The housekeeper cooks for me and takes me to school.”
“I don’t know what we can do, but we’ll do something.”
He jumps into my arms, and I hold him tight. Zane finds us a couple of minutes later. I see the love for both of us in his eyes as he sees me holding Landon. He comes over, and I let him take over. He sits on the couch and pulls him onto his lap, holding him close and kissing him on the top of his head. Landon reaches for my hand. I sit next to him as I hold it.
“Get that whore away from my son.”
Landon squeezes my hand harder as his mother walks into the room. “You’re pregnant, so I’m going to let that pass. Again. But call me a whore after you have your baby, and all bets are off.”
“I’ll look forward to it. Now give me my son.”
“I don’t think so, Whitney.”
Maggie Griffin is standing with another woman, who I’ve seen at her house before. I don’t know her name, but she exudes power. They both do. I wouldn’t mess with either of them. “Mind your own business, Mrs. Corrigan.”
“When a woman or child is in danger, I make it my business.”
“Danger? No one’s in danger.”
“Really? You haven’t left Landon at home alone 37 times in the last two months while you met with your lover? You didn’t falsify his birth certificate?”
“He was fine, and the birth certificate didn’t put him in jeopardy.”
“You committed a crime. Several in fact. I have many resources at my disposal, so I know what you’ve been planning for your lover’s wife. You’ve been setting up an elaborate plot to frame her for a drug crime. And you have already done news interviews that ‘expose’ Zane as a deadbeat dad. But I’ve cleaned up both the messes you tried to make. I won’t let you hurt an innocent woman, or the son of one of my best friends.”
“You can’t prove anything.”
“Actually, I can.” Mrs. Corrigan hands some papers to Whitney.
“You got these illegally. I can’t be charged.”
“I can call in an anonymous tip.”
“I’ll tell them you did this.”
“Go ahead. If you think they’d believe a psychotic bitch like you over two pillars of the community, I say go for it.”
We all see Whitney realize that she’s no match for the older women. “What do you want?”
It’s Maggie who speaks now. “These are papers giving up your parental rights to Landon. You will not change his birth certificate, and he will live with Zane and Quinn from now on.”
“What? They don’t want him.”
“Yes, we do,” I tell her honestly.
“You’d raise my son?”
“I would.”
“Fine. He’s more trouble than he’s worth.”
Maggie calls in another woman to notarize the papers as Whitney signs them. She starts to walk away, but I stop her. “We’ll be coming for his things next week.”
“Whatever.”
“I’m going to live with you? Really?”
“Really, little man.”
“Awesome.”
It is awesome. I mean, I know it will be an adjustment, but it will also be a blessing. For all of us. We thank Maggie and Mrs. Corrigan, who tells us to call her Jane, and then take Landon out to the party with us. Everyone dotes on him, giving him whatever he wants to eat and extra dessert. When he falls asleep at the table, we say our goodbyes and take him back to the hotel. I let him and Zane take the bed while I sleep on the couch. Like I said, it’ll be an adjustment.
Chapter 10
Zane
This last month has gone by in a blur. When we got back to Vegas, I abandoned my dreams of moving into a warehouse with Quinn and bought a house in the suburbs instead. I wanted Landon to go to the school Luke teaches at, so he’d have at least one friendly face. I shouldn’t have worried about him. The kid has more friends than Quinn and I combined.
I did buy a building, though. It’s down the street from Quinn’s shop. Ryan and Chloe helped redesign the space, and I was able to open my new shop last week. I wanted us to work together, but she’d made a commitment to the space she had, so for now she’ll just use her portion as a large production area and a place to store all her fabric. We’re getting settled here.
The decision to stay in Las Vegas wasn’t an easy one. Landon had friends in Chicago, and I had my shop. Quinn’s happy here, though. Ultimately, I’d do anything for her, including moving to the desert. I sold my shop to Chad for a really good price. Some of my Chicago clients have started flying out to see me, and with the reputation I’ve built, I have to turn people away every day. I’ve hired a few seasoned artists and agreed to start mentoring some young guys who’ve stopped in to meet me.
Today is Quinn’s store opening. Landon and I worked on something special for her last night. Even though he’s not mine biologically, he’s got some crazy art skills, too. I can’t wait for her to see what we’ve done. We pull into her parking space, and I tell her to keep her blindfold on.
“Really? I can’t look yet?”
“No, you cannot.”
“Don’t you want to be surprised, Q?” Landon asks her, using the nickname we now share.
“Honestly, Land, I just want to see what the fuss is all about.”
I walk her over to the front of the store and remove the blindfold. She just stares for a minute, and I think we might have messed up. Then her face breaks into a giant smile. She turns to hug our son first, kissing him on the check. When she turns back to me, she launches herself into my arms.
“Thank you so much. I can’t believe you did all this last night.”
“I’d actually drawn the designs on over the past week, but made it too faint for you to see. I knew you’d be so preoccupied with getting the inside ready that you wouldn’t look at the front. Landon and I came back last night to paint it all in. Owen helped, too.”
* * *
Quinn
I almost can’t believe what I’m seeing. The front of the building isn’t plain anymore. Instead of various old-school tattoos, these are all pin-up girls wearing some of my actual dresses. I wanted something special out front, but didn’t think any of us had the time to do it.
“I love you both. This means so much to me.” And it does. Especially knowing that Landon helped.
“We want you to have the best day ever, Q. You deserve it. You do so much for both of us, all the time. Plus I have a favor to ask you.”
“Anything, Land. What do you need from me?”
“You’re friends with Miles Corrigan, aren’t you?”
“Yes. He’s one of my best friends.”
“Can you ask him to coach my Little League team?”
“Umm, I guess. I don’t know if he even knows how to play baseball, though.”
“Is she kidding, Dad?”
“No. She doesn’t follow sports, buddy.” Zane turns to me. “Miles was supposed to go pro. He played one game with the San Francisco Blaze before breaking his contract and going to work for his family’s company.”
“I had no idea! Sure, I’ll ask him for you, but since he never talks about baseball, I don’t know if he’ll say yes.”
“He will. How could he say no to you?”
“Maybe hanging out with Miles isn’t such a good idea. You’re already putting on the charm. With his guidance, you could be breaking hearts all over the third grade.”
“Gross, Q. Girls are gross. Well, except for you and your friends. I like you girls.”
“Because they all spoil you. I wish I was surrounded by gorgeous women who wanted to spoil me, little buddy.”
“Really? You want a Harem? I’m not enough for you, Zane?”
“What? Of course you are. I didn’t mean…”
I start laughing. “I know, Z. I’m just joking. I love you.’
“I love you, too.”
We kiss for a minute while Landon makes gagging noises. Then we head inside, where they help me make sure everything is ready. Our friends arrive an hour before the store opens. I let them in the back door, because there’s a crowd already out front.
“That crowd is insane, Quinn. I’m so happy for you,” Chloe tells me as she envelopes me in a hug.”
“I know. And thanks.”
“Enough talking, let’s start shopping,” Candi says as the girls all go out into the store.
The guys just shake their heads, and smile, as they each grab a bunch of things from the racks. Miles arrives and chuckles as he sees what’s going on. I’m about to ask him about baseball when I see his eyes go dark. I look over and notice that Alex just came out of the dressing room in one of my sexiest dresses.
“Like what you see, Miles?”
“No, Quinn. I don’t.”
He turns and walks out the back door. I go to follow him, but Zane stops me. “I’ll go. You have fun with your friends. It’s almost time to open.”
“Thanks.”
I’m glad the two of them have become friends. Once Zane knew I’d only used Miles to make him jealous, and that I’d never even kissed him, he decided he liked him. They hang out together sometimes, when I’m sewing. Zane even taught him how to cut my patterns, so he could help me, too. I hope he’s okay. There’s definitely something going on between him and Alex. I just hope neither one of them gets hurt by whatever it is.
I don’t have to time to think about it once the store opens. It’s insane. Everything on the floor is gone within a couple of hours. I sell all of the back stock I have here by the middle of the afternoon. Zane, Miles, and Landon head to the other building for more dresses. I tell them to hold a little back so I can at least open tomorrow with a little bit of product.
When I finally close the doors, I thank everyone for helping. Seriously, I couldn’t have done it without them. The girls helped run the register when I was doing media interviews, and the guys complimented the people trying on the clothes when they came out of the dressing rooms. There’s not much better for a woman, than having a Griffin man give you a compliment. They definitely helped business today.
I turn down the offer of going to dinner with everyone because I’m exhausted. Zane, Landon, and I pick up some food from Roberto’s and go back to our house. Zane draws me a bath, while Landon rubs my feet.
“Oh, you don’t have to ask Miles, Q. I asked him already and he said yes.”
“That’s great, Land. He’s really a good guy.”
“Yes, he is. Now, enough talk about Miles. Landon has homework to do while we take a nice bath.”
Landon grumbles, but heads to his room. Zane and I take a bath, but there’s nothing nice about it. I have to control my urge to scream for the rest of the night.
Epilogue
Six months later
Quinn
I’ve had to hire help at the store. It hasn’t gotten any slower since I opened. Especially because a popular actress stopped in and bought a bunch of things she’s worn to events. So I now have seamstresses to help with the dresses and staff for the store. I’ll never complain about being successful, but both Zane and I are handling it differently than we ever thought we would. A year ago, we would’ve just tried to do it all, but now we have a son to think about.
Landon is an incredible kid, but our lives have definitely changed. You can’t really have spontaneous sex in the kitchen when there’s a little boy around. We have fun sneaking around, though. And luckily, he’s a sound sleeper. Because once he’s out, we’re on. Each other. We wouldn’t change having him live with us for anything, though.
Today is our wedding day and we’ll be telling Landon that I’m adopting him. I want to officially claim him as mine. I don’t expect him to ever call me “Mom,” but we definitely love each other.
Zane and I are getting married in the backyard of the little house we bought. I’m waiting for all the girls to arrive and help me get ready. The guys are at Luke and Olivia’s house, so Zane doesn’t accidentally see me. I made myself a coral wedding dress, of course, although it’s a lighter shade than I normally wear. It’s sleeveless, with a deep, beaded v-neckline. The skirt is layers of chiffon and tulle with silk flowers raining down it. What can I say, I want to be girly on my wedding day. Land’s the best man, while Yasmin’s standing up for me. I let her pick her own dress. She just had baby Dave a week ago, and I want her to be comfortable. The baby is so adorable. Both of them are, actually. Chloe’s little Erin was born the day before Dave, so they’ll definitely be playmates. They both got the Griffin green eyes, of course.
Everyone arrives around the same time and fusses over me, but I don’t mind. I love these women, and of course, my mom. We’re chatting when the subject of Alex finishing school for the summer comes up. She looks a little nervous and walks over to the window.
“I’m actually really glad it’s over, Grandma. I-I don’t want to go back.”
“What? Did something happen?”
“Well, I realized that I don’t want to be a music major. I’m thinking that I’d like to try just working for a little while. I heard Jane Corrigan tell you she has an opening for a receptionist at her foundation. I’d like to apply.”
I see Maggie, Yasmin, Chloe, Candi, and Olivia share a look. Alex sees it, too. “Do you not think I can do it?”
“No, sweetheart. I have no doubt you can do the job. If you really want it, I’ll talk to Jane. I’m sure she’d love to have you.”
“Okay. I don’t want any special favors, though.”
“There are special requirements for being the foundation receptionist. Not many people can meet them. You can.”
“How?”
“If Jane hires you, she’ll explain it all to you.”
My mom and Maggie nod at each other, which confuses me even more. “We should all head downstairs and give Mallory and Quinn some time alone.”
“Thanks, Maggie.”
Once we’re alone, my mom tells me something that blows my mind. It’s a secret that’s she been keeping for years and it just makes me realize, even more than I already did, how lucky I am to have her for my mom. I have a million questions, but it’s time for me to get married. My dad comes to get me, but my mom whispers in my ear that we’ll talk more later, before leaving us alone.
My dad has tears in his eyes as he walks me into the backyard. Zane and Landon built an arch and then both drew all over it. It couldn’t be more perfect. I stop to kiss our little guy, before letting Zane take my hand. The officiate does the standard ceremony. Now, it’s time for our vows. Zane goes first.
“Q, you’ve been my best friend since we were in kindergarten together. I veered off track for several years, but you were there to pick me up when I needed you. Although we became more than friends, we’ve never lost that. We’re friends first, and I hope we always will be. I love you more than life. I thank God every day for bringing you into my life.”
“Z, you took my lines. I was going to talk about us being friends, too. But I can adjust. We’ve been family since we were kids. When I had to move away, I was so glad that we stayed that way. You have always been home to me, and I thank God for you every day, too.”
We skip the “I do” part and just start kissing. The poor man tries to get our attention, but finally gives up and pronounces us husband and wife. It takes Landon to break us apart. “This is really gross, you know.” We join in with everyone as they laugh.
Dinner is casual, delicious, and fun. Zane’s family cooked all the food, of course. His mom, Helen, closed all the restaurants so that their whole family could chip in. She’s the best, and after what my mom told me, I know that she’s more awesome than I thought.
Miles stole me away for a dance, and we’re laughing as he twirls me around. Until I see his face go hard. I turn to look behind me and see Alex fighting with her boyfriend. She seems to be handling it okay, so I’m not sure why he seems worried. I turn back to tell him that, but he’s already got a smile back on his face. I’ll have to talk to him later, since I can tell he won’t answer me now.
After cutting the cake and throwing the bouquet, which Alex catches, we say our goodbyes and drive to the airport. We’re heading to Quebec for our honeymoon. My father’s side of the family is originally from there, and I’ve always wanted to go. Zane planned it all out for us. I’m in the backseat with Landon. Alex is in the front with Zane; she’ll be taking Landon home with her while Zane and I are on our honeymoon. When I tell him I want to adopt him, he hugs me tight and tells me he loves me. I say it back to him. I don’t know how I got so lucky to have these two guys in my life, All I know is that I’ll never let either of them go.
Acknowledgements
To Dominique: Sorry to keep embarrassing you, but I know you love me anyway!
To Gabi: Thanks for making me write, and telling me to take breaks!
I love you both, and I’m so proud to be your mom!
To Tera Childs: One of the most amazing people I’ve ever met. I’m honored to be your friend!
Helen Williams never fails to make me laugh when we chat, or make me smile when I see the covers she’s done for me. Love you lots and lots!
Jesse Gordon is always the best!
Alexandra Murphy fixed my commas because she’s just awesome!
Mallory Daybell, and Jessica Hinners beta read for me and their input made this book better! They never fail me :)
Love to Cyndi Porter always!
Courtney Axelrod-thanks for reading everything I tell you to. I’m glad you’ve loved them all so far!
Sam, Cel, Rose, Addy, Laura Ann, Velvet, April, Jenny, Kevin, and Alex: Best book club ever!
Also have to give love to Lisa Dess & Sarah Vela for their continued support!
Scott and Drew really are opening a bookstore in downtown Las Vegas called The Writer’s Block. They’re great guys and I can’t wait to see the finished store.
Downtown Las Vegas is really a cool place to be, and will be featured more in my new series!
Tracy Wolff rocks my socks off on a daily basis! Love you so much!
To all the readers and fans, you’ve been awesome, and I love you all! Always feel free to reach out, because I love to hear from you! Thanks for buying my books, and loving my boys—and girls! Don’t worry, you’ll still see the Griffins in the new series from time to time!
If I’ve forgotten anyone, it was a complete accident and I’ll catch you next book!
Turn the page for a Sneak Peek of the
final book in The Griffin Brothers series,
Working on Love,
Miles & Alex’s novella
This book introduces you to the characters and
background story of my new series, Corrigan & Co.
Book 1, Fielding Her SECRET
will be out in January 2015!
Chapter 1
Alex
I’m excited as I walk into the Corrigan & Co. Las Vegas building for my first day of work. I’ll be working with Jane Corrigan in the foundation part of the company. Well actually, I guess I’ll be directly reporting to Reina, who’s her second-in-command. I’ve seen the foundation on the news quite often, helping women around the world. I can’t wait to be part of something like that, even if I might need help myself.
I’m supposed to be in summer school right now, taking extra voice lessons, but I just couldn’t do it. I loved to sing in high school, and thought it was what I wanted to do as a career. Until that love was taken from me, stolen from me by the boy I pretended to love. I say pretended, because only one boy has ever held my heart. He didn’t want it then, and now, as a man, he’d want it even less. But it’s his, and it always will be.
I thought Nick would be a good substitute. He’s definitely hot, and he seemed nice when I met him at The Smith Center, where I was watching a performance. It wasn’t until after we slept together, and he told me I wasn’t adventurous enough, that things took a bad turn. Never mind that I’d been a virgin when we got together. He thought I was going to be like that girl, in that book. He even built himself a “special” room. I haven’t been in that room, but I have let him tie me up, and spank me a little. I mean, I was going to keep having sex with him anyway—it’s not like I’ll be virgin again if I don’t, so the sex isn’t big deal—but I’m not interested in doing the things he wants to do with me. To me.
Unfortunately, I may not have much of a choice. The bastard secretly videotaped our first time. He threatened to release the tape when I told him I was leaving him. I have no doubt that he’s continued to videotape us, but I’m powerless to stop it. My uncles were all a little wild, but my family would seriously freak if I had a sex tape released. They all think I’m so sweet and innocent. I’m not. I mean. I’m not wild, but I’m almost nineteen, not a little girl.
On top of pressuring me for crazy sex, Nick also likes to tell me how much I suck at singing. I thought our shared love of music is what attracted him to me, but I was wrong. So wrong. He belittles me every chance he gets. Not just about singing, either. I’m confident enough in myself to not let it get me down, but it’s draining to listen to it over and over again.
I’m hoping that working here, with this group of strong women who help others, will give me an idea of how to extricate myself from this mess. I’ve been doing okay so far, but I have a feeling things are going to escalate. His emotional abuse has been ramping up, and I know I’m not going to be able to keep holding out on him when it comes to his kinkier fantasies. Something’s coming, and I think it may happen around my birthday next month.
I push those thoughts aside as I walk into the Corrigan & Co. Foundation offices. I see my desk. Or what will be my desk once I’m trained. Right now there’s a beautiful woman with red hair manning it. She’s intent on whatever’s on her tablet, so she doesn’t notice me right away. When she does, she surprises me by jumping up and coming around the desk to hug me.
I’m surprised to see her plaid shirt, and the jeans tucked into cowboy books. Especially when she speaks to me, and there’s no southern accent. “Hi Alex. I can call you, Alex, right?”
I come out of my daze at her question, and look up into her smiling face. “Yeah. Sure. You can call me that.”
“Great. I’m Tegan. Let me tell you, the girls and I are beyond happy that you’re here. We’ve been taking turns covering this desk, but we kind of suck at it.”
“It’s that hard? I didn’t think it was that hard.”
“It probably isn’t, but we’re used to doing other things, so it’s hard for us.” She laughs, and I join in.
“Okay, good. You scared me a little.”
“Don’t be scared of us. We’ve all got your back, and we absolutely love your grandma and your aunts.”
“You’ve met them?”
“Yep. And now I’ve said more than I should.”
“What? Why?”
Before she can answer, Reina walks into the lobby. I met her when I interviewed with Jane. She is drop-dead gorgeous, and kind of scary, if I’m being honest. She’s about 5’8” tall, with long black hair that has some brown mixed in. Her skin is tan, but it looks as flawless as porcelain, although she’s not someone I would ever think of as fragile. She’s in a dress that’s definitely sexy, but makes her look powerful at the same time. I think she’s in her late twenties or early thirties, but although she’s young, you can tell she’s someone you wouldn’t want to mess with. I also know she’s compassionate. She wouldn’t have her job if she wasn’t.
“There you are, Alex. I had a feeling that Tegan might have been detaining you.”
“Sorry, Rei. I was just so excited to meet her.”
“Everyone else is, too. Lock the door, Teeg, and meet us in the Society conference room.”
“You got it, boss.”
Reina and I start to walk away, but she frowns and turns before we get far. “And, Tegan? Why is country music playing in here?”
“You know it’s my favorite.”
“Switch it back,” she tells her, sounding stern but smiling at the same time.
“Tegan’s nice.”
“Yes she is, Alex. We have a group of wonderful women who work for the foundation. I’m glad you’ll be joining us.”
“Me too. Thanks for hiring me.”
“You’re welcome, although you actually did us a favor. We weren’t sure who we could get for the job, although Olivia was going to try and fill in part-time until we did.”
“Olivia?”
“Yes, Olivia,” she tells me as she steps in front of some large doors. There are no door handles, and I know my eyes widen as she places her palm on the wall beside it and proceeds to have both her hand, and her eye scanned. Through the wall. It’s like something out of a sci-fi movie. The doors slide open, and she motions me in.
I walk in and what I see stops me in my tracks. There’s a huge table in the middle of this giant room. It’s shaped like a star, and has seats around all the points. There are also seats in a circle around the main table. The walls have monitors on all sides, along with some desks. It’s not the set-up that’s freaking me out. It’s who’s at the table and chairs.
Jane is at the top tip of the star. Rein goes to sit next to her, and a blonde is already sitting on her other side. She’s dressed nothing like Reina—she has on glasses, her hair is in a messy bun, and she’s got on a baggy sweatshirt—but, she’s just as gorgeous. Matt is sitting in the chair behind them. That’s a little weird, too. He’s the President and CEO of Corrigan, so I wouldn’t expect him to be sitting in the second ring of chairs. He’s not the only surprise, though.
My grandma’s at the point to her left. She has a stunning woman on each side of her, as well. One has light brown, almost blonde, hair and blue eyes. The other is Latin and smoking hot. I’m not gay, but even I can appreciate the sexiness radiating off of her. Behind them, in the outer chairs, are my aunts, who are all smiling at me. Against the wall is my Uncle Scott. He’s smiling, too. I’m not sure what to make of this, but I decide to finish looking around before I speak.
On the other side of Jane is Cyndi Evans and two more women. One of them is Tegan. The other looks like she may be part Asian, with brown hair going past where I can see it. Where do they find all these women? Are they models? Cyndi’s granddaughter Mara, and her wife, Leila, are sitting behind them.
Closer to me, Mallory Daniels sits with another two women, and Quinn behind her. These women are like pin-ups, one with long, white blonde hair, the other with bright orange hair that barely brushes her shoulder. Both are flawlessly made up, although they’re dressed very differently. The blonde looks like she walked off the pages of a magazine, while the redhead is in a black leather dress.
Finally, I look to the other side and see Helen Wilson. The women with her, are of course beautiful, but also as different as the other pairs are. The one with reddish brown hair looks almost royal, while the one with brown hair and short bangs, could be a rock star. Zane is at a desk behind her.
After I look around at everyone, I turn back to look at Jane. She smiles at me, and then turns to Reina, who stands. “Welcome to the Society, Alex.”
Matt bursts out laughing before I can respond. “Really, Princess? You sound like some 90s movie.”
“That’s enough, Matthew. Please continue, Reina.” Matt shuts up and looks serious again. His grandmother’s not someone you mess with. Neither is mine.
“As I was saying, we’re more than just a foundation, Alex. On a daily basis, all of us do help women around the world, but we do so much more. As a Griffin woman, you were going to find this all out on your twenty-first birthday, but since you are our receptionist, you’ll need to know it all now. You may sit in the seat right there. It will be your seat for our meetings in here.”
I’d noticed the extra chair in the middle of the bottom of the star. I pull it out, and sit down. Once I’m comfortable, Reina continues. “Over a decade ago, Jane and Cyndi decided that they wanted to be more than just socialites. They wanted to make a difference. One of their friends had been beaten by her husband, but was too scared to go to the police because he was a powerful man. With the help of a woman high up in law enforcement, they took him down on their own.
“Soon after, they met your grandmother. Your grandfather’s business was taking off, and she was attending society functions. They saw a kindred spirit in her, and when they told her what they were thinking of, she immediately agreed. She suggested that they include her friends, Helen and Mallory. A few well-placed calls and anonymous investments allowed their families to move up the social ladder as well. It was important that all the women held powerful positions, so that they could meet more people and find women to recruit. Jane convinced her husband to create this foundation, although he didn’t know what it’s true purpose would be.
“The first women who were recruited were all law enforcement and military trained. The parameters of recruitment have changed, as times have changed. The ten of us here with you bring different strengths to the table. Once we were invited in, we all had weapons, martial arts, technology, language, fashion and etiquette training. The only grades for those classes, which are taught by past and present agents, is pass/fail. Failure is not an option if you want to remain here, so we all made sure we passed. While we still retain our original strengths, we can seamlessly fit into any situation.
“That’s exactly what we do. We go undercover and rescue women who need it, we take down, and sometimes, out, men and women who are victimizing women, and just generally try to do what we can to protect as many people as we can. We can’t save everyone, and not every mission is a success, but we do the best that we can, always. We also help friends and family on smaller missions when they need it.”
My mouth is hanging open. I know it is. This is just…wow. My grandma’s part of a group of secret agents.
About the Author
Crystal Perkins has always been a big reader, but she never thought she would write her own book, until she did. She lives in Las Vegas, where you can find her running author events and selling books at conventions when she isn’t reading, buying too many Sherlock t-shirts online or finding a place to put all of her Pop! figurines. A mac and cheese connoisseur, she travels the country looking for the perfect version, while attending book conventions and signings as a cover for her research. The Griffin Brothers series are all International Best Sellers, and she’s thankful to all the readers who made that happen!
Find her here:
www.crystalperkinsauthor.com
facebook.com/crystalperkinsauthor
@wondermomlv
crystal@crystalperkinsauthor.com
