


DEVASTATINGLY
BEAUTIFUL

PART I


Prologue
5 years ago
“You promise me you’re done with them?” My voice wavers but I have to stay strong. These men are dangerous, and I know Brian. He wouldn’t get his family mixed up in something like this. He looks me straight in the eyes and takes my hand. This man, the one man I trust in the world, has no reason to lie to me. 
Not again. Not now that I’m carrying his child. Our child.
“Yes, baby,” his hand rests on the gentle curve of my abdomen and he smiles. “Promise.” He presses his lips to mine and I feel like a weight’s lifted off my shoulders. 
I hate that he’s wrapped up in people like them, but we’ve been through so much together already. 
 I have no other reason not to trust him.

ONE
Tatum
“You did what?” my voice bellows throughout the warehouse and rings back in my ears. I’m really getting tired of making it have to get this loud, but this is insane. I'm a grown ass man; he needs to stop coddling me.
“Sorry, kid. This came from above your head.” Nathan cowers in front of me, at least six inches shorter than I am, and I have half a mind to smack him around just for calling me ‘kid’. Sure, I’m about five years younger than him, but I’m still a Savage. A mother fucking Savage. You don’t call men like me ‘kid’, no matter how much older than me you are. 
“My father told you do to this?” I growl, watching him cower even more.
“Y-… yes sir,” he stammers, taking a cautious step backwards. I feel my fist twitch, itching to hit something, or someone.
Son of a bitch.
“Leave. Don’t bother coming back,” I growl, following him to the warehouse door.
He scurries out and I slam the door behind him. My mother-fucking father. How much is he going to ruin in my life before he realizes I’m not putting up with it anymore?
“Alex! Get my father on the phone!” I yell to the empty room. I know she’s listening, though. She always is. Sure, she’s a good lay, but she’s an even better assistant. The only one I’d want dealing with the shit that I have to put her through. There have been more times I can count that she’s had to physically get blood on her hands for me, and I know she’d never tell a soul about it.
That’s the thing about being ‘in’ with the Savages. You can be in, be a part of this family for years, but the minute you open your big mouth you may as well count yourself dead.
“Line one, sir.” She peeks her head out of her office to tell me wearing a slight grin on her face, then disappears just as fast when I nod at her. Opting for more privacy, I head into the smaller of two interrogation rooms and grab the phone.
“What did you do?” I growl into the receiver. Sure, he’s my boss and my father, but he’s also just fucked up everything I worked so hard on for the last few months. I had been following this lead for months. Months of my time flushed down the drain when dear old dad took it all out from under me by sending one of my men behind my back to take out the target. 
That was my fucking target. 
“You couldn’t do it, son. You have too much on your mind. I saw the chance and I had Nathan take it,” he answers, like he didn’t just ruin more shit in my world.
“You knew how important that job was to me!” I yell, my voice echoing off the empty walls. This job was my job. The man I was following was my kill. No one else’s. He deserved to look into my eyes, the man he screwed over on a job and payout, as I tortured the poor soul. I mean hell, he probably got off easy with a gunshot to the head, knowing Nathan! I growl and look around the warehouse, one of many I house my teams in, and kick over a chair. 
Un fucking believable. 
Warehouses in this business are important. You need a big enough building to hold everything for your assigned team, plus no close neighbors to hear the screams of the poor men you bring back.
“I know you thought it was important to you. You forget the reason behind it, though, Tatum. All of this started because of me. If you have someone you need to take your anger out on, you know where to go,” he chides.
Asshole knows I’ll never come after him for what he did. He’s my father, and I know it was an accident, but it doesn’t make it hurt less.
“I’m out, dad. Out of it all. Everything. I can’t do this with you going behind my back to save me.”
“You’re out?” he asks, surprised.
“Yes. Out. I’m leaving. Give my team to someone else,” I growl, pissed that I can’t even perform my job anymore without pity.
I’ve been doing this long enough before the accident to have gained respect from some of the biggest names in the industry. Worldwide recognition goes a long way, but now that my dad has ‘saved’ me when I didn’t need saving my first name will be tarnished. Not because the job isn’t done right, but because it looks like I had to have my father help me. He’s making me look incapable!
I huff, tossing the phone to the table and let out a growl that echoes throughout the empty building. Walking out into the warehouse, I grab my leather jacket on the way and only turn to look back as I slide the door closed. Alex knows what just happened already and I’m sure she’s already got someone else lined up to take this from my hands. 
I’m done. Family or not, I need to figure out who the hell I am other than Al Savage’s son. 

Molly
Editing wedding photos is a pain in the ass. 
I chose this profession. I should love this profession. 
That’s the mantra I keep repeating over and over again as I sit here and go through thousands of photos from the wedding Evie and I shot last weekend. 
How do you Photoshop a little girl’s finger out of her nose? Every damn shot! I love kids but seriously, every picture I have of this girl is either a gold digging disaster or she’s flashing the camera! How in God’s name does that even happen? Not one shot! 
Typically I have Evie, my assistant, help me on things like this. She’s full of great ideas…but she left me a week ago to go back to school and I haven’t found anyone to fill the position yet. I need to, and soon, because it’s about to become busy season with no help. 
I have an add in the paper but with being in a small town there’s not much activity in the applicants. Everyone’s too young, too old, or not interested in a low paying assistant job. 
Evie was perfect. She came out of nowhere when I needed someone else and she stuck by me. She’s my best friend and she’s currently in Chicago, living out her dreams at art school. 
I’m trying to stay positive, but it’s not looking good. I may have to start placing adds in outlying cities and bring someone in, but then I run the risk of having to pay them more for relocation and I can’t afford that right now. 
There’s a few shoots between now and the wedding coming up. I can only hope I find someone by then.


TWO
Tatum
Thirteen hours. That’s how long I’ve been on the road, and I can’t stop driving. I know at some point I’m going to need to stop for sleep, but I can’t bring myself to do it. I’m running away like a little pussy, but who the fuck cares anymore? I can’t take the knowing stares and sympathy, especially from him. It makes me feel like a bastard. I’m not running because I’m scared. I’m not running because I’m sad. I’m running because I don’t like everyone in town knowing my past and pitying me for it. I sure as hell don’t like being reminded of that night, nor do I like the fact that my father was the cause of it, so I left. Maybe time away will help me accept that my life will never be the same or maybe it’ll help me figure out who to be without my last name following me everywhere I go. 
Maybe I should change my name.
It’s weird, a few weeks ago I would have told you the only way I’d leave my father’s empire is in a body bag, but here I am. I’ve walked away with a backpack, full bank account they can’t touch, and my Harley to my name. Out on the open road has taught me that there’s more to life than being the modern day vigilantes of the crime world. 
Okay fine, maybe that’s putting it nicer than it really is, but you get my point. I grew up in a crime-ridden family full of love and rules. I grew up Al Savage’s son. That’s the only identity I’ve ever known. Being out here, driving to who-knows-where… It feels way more than ‘nice’. It feels fucking fantastic.
A light pops up telling me it’s time to give another arm and leg for a tank of gas. I may seem crazy, spending all of this money driving to nowhere, but what else is there to do when you have millions? Girls are too easy to get (it’s not even fun anymore) and family…well that’s just a joke. So I packed up my bike and headed out across the country to see where I would end up. A bike that those assholes didn’t even know I had. One they couldn’t track even if they wanted to. I’m pretty fucked up as of lately and instead of staying to face my demons, I ran. There’ve been plenty of things in my life that I’ve stayed and battled through. 
Not this time. 
I pull off the road at a dingy gas station. The sign is lit in the middle of the day and it doesn’t look like there’s been traffic through here in a while. Dust covers everything in the store and the whole place has a musty smell to it. I can’t help but laugh to myself. A millionaire putting his own gas in his car and spending time in places like this. Ironic, isn’t it?
The man who takes my money is nice enough. “Looks like you could use a break, kid.” His hair is greased back, or what’s left of it at least, and I’m fairly certain he’s missing half of his teeth. I cringe inwardly when he tries striking up conversation with me. There’s that ‘kid’ thing again. What is it with these guys? Do they not know who I am?
Sure as shit if I told him my last name he’d regret trying to talk to me. Typically people that know my family stay away. Unless they want something, that is. Too many people out there want something; I’m better off being alone for a while.
“Nah, just filling up and heading back out.” I toss a wad of cash on the counter and turn to look out the window as he makes my change.
“Where ya headed?”
“Not sure yet. I’ll know when I get there.” Seriously, dude, back the fuck off.
“Well, down the road about a half mile there’s a right turn. Only turn you’ll see on this road for miles. Small town, nice enough people. They do have a motel, though. You look like you could use some sleep, and sleepy driving is just as dangerous as driving drunk, ya know.”
Boy do I know. “Thanks, man, I’ll consider it,” I say, just to get him to stop talking.
Heading out to the pump I think about the man’s words. I could use a little rest. Driving by yourself can get lonely and going through the middle of nowhere where all you see are cornfields is just boring. Maybe it’s time for me to take a break. If he’s right, this little town is the last chance I’ll have for a while to get a good rest.
I finish up pumping my own gas and take a good look at the road behind me, and the one in front of me that supposedly heads to this town he told me about. Putting my helmet on, I take a deep breath before making my decision. Couldn’t hurt to get a few minutes of shuteye before heading back on the road. What could go wrong?

Molly
Everyone’s talking that there’s a new guy in town. Why anyone cares is beyond me, but this town is so small I guess they don’t have anything better to do. Yes, I get a lot of business for being where we are, but a lot of that comes from larger neighboring towns and not our small little town in southern Illinois. Actually, I’m not even sure if we are a dot on the map and I like it that way. I can stay out of people’s way and keep to myself. That’s how I tend to roll. Most of the time that is. However, when people meddle too much I feel the need to put them in their place. Such is the case when Betty Fredricks stops by my table at the coffee shop.
“Hey, Molly, have you heard? There’s a new guy in town and he’s apparently not too bad on the eyes.” Betty’s in her mid to late 50s and tries her hardest not to look any older than 30. Makeup and hair dye can only do so much. In my opinion, she would look way better if she didn’t try so hard. There’s my opinion creeping up on me again. Nope, no one cares, Molly.
“Yep, I heard all about it, Betty. Don’t really know why I should care, though.” I don’t want to have this conversation. Ever.
“Well, seeing that you’re all alone, I just thought you’d want to know. Maybe finally find someone to take good care of you. I worry about you, Molly.”
Well thanks, bitch. 
“I’m fine. Really.” Been there, done that. And I’m never going back. 
“Well okay, Molly, but you just wait ‘till you see him. You may change your mind.” She pats my arm before turning back to her friend.
Doubt it.
Betty walks out the door and turns towards the hair salon. Sure as shit, I bet she’s heading down there to spread my unhappy mood to the rest of the ladies. All I want is to have a successful business and keep to myself and my few close friends. Apparently that’s too much to ask as they’re always meddling in my personal life, and the only really close friend I have here is moving to Chicago soon. Maybe I should take my business and move to a larger city, one where people mind their own business.
The door dinging cuts through my thoughts and I shoot a glance over to the front of the restaurant to see who just walked in. Force of habit, I guess, always checking my surroundings. My eyes scan the room and land on the man that just waltzed in the front door.
 Holy. Cow. 
Movie star beautiful doesn’t even cover it. Who does this guy think he is and why is he in a place like this? He saunters over to the bar and grabs a Coke. His jeans are tight in all the right places and the black t-shirt he’s wearing has a look that says ‘I want this to look old, but I really paid extremely too much for it’.
This has to be the man everyone’s talking about. I haven’t seen anyone like him before. Arrogant would sound mean, but he definitely has that aura about him. Like he knows he’s good looking and plays it to his advantage. I bet you he has three women at his bedside nightly. What with the dark hair, strong jaw, and amazing arms. Holy cow those arms. I take a deep breath and let my mind wander to the things those arms could do to me. The strength, the muscles…if the arms are any indicator I can only imagine what the rest of his body is like. 
 Oh my GOD, I need to stop. 
Focus, Molly. I have to find a new assistant, and fast. The Rosewood wedding is in two weeks and it’s huge. There’s no way that I can shoot the entire wedding by myself and I’m not asking Evie to come back for it. She has enough on her plate. Something needs to change soon or else the studio’s reputation will suffer, business will suffer, and I will be without a job.
I get up and walk out of the shop, passing by Hot Pants on my way out and attempting not to take a deep breath when I walk by. 
I fail, and instead find myself inhaling the sexiest scent I’ve ever smelled. I pause and glance back; he’s focused on the TV and not paying one lick of attention to me. Maybe that’s a good thing, though. I don’t need the attention of someone that beautiful.
 After stopping by my shop and grabbing my Nikon, my most trusty of about seven different cameras I shoot with, I walk down the street to the park. Maybe finding the beauty in small things will ease my mind and mood as of lately.
I used to love scenic photography. I love the outdoors and photographing nature in all its glory. It wasn’t until I realized that wedding photography pays ten times better than nature pictures that I switched my main area of focus to capturing people’s big days. Now, nature photography is just what I do as a hobby. I enjoy it, but it doesn’t bring home the bank that I need.
Just as I begin to focus in on a flower, blurring out the child swinging in the background, I hear him. Don’t ask me how I know it’s him, but I just know. It’s as if the pressure around me changes and the air has an extra charge running through it. I turn to look up at the beautiful specimen of a man towering above me.
“Morning ma’am.” He tips his baseball hat he’s put on since the coffee shop at me and grins. The southern accent definitely adds to his appeal.
“Hi,” I reply. “Can I help you?”
He grins again. Like he knows something I don’t. “I think I might just be your knight in shining armor.”

THREE
Tatum
I just wanted to sleep. I just wanted one night of peaceful sleep without having to look over my shoulder, and then I was going to get back on the road and continue driving. I have no plans where I’m going to end up, but the further from Texas I end up the better. Granted, my father has his claws everywhere in this country so I still have to be careful, but the further away the better. 
When I check into the motel, the only one this small as sin place has, the man behind the counter looks like he’s seen better days. Hell, even in my line of work I come across some rough people, but this poor man looks like he barely has anything left in him. He’s nice enough, though. A genuine nice. Not like when someone is only nice because they want something.  
“How many nights for ya, then?” he asks, checking the calendar that looks as empty as my gas tank did earlier.
“Just need to get some sleep, that’s all. Won’t be here long,” I mumble in annoyance. 
Like I’ve said before, small talk isn’t my thing. 
“Well, if ya plan on stayin’ long term, I rent out a few places. There isn’t much here for work, seeing as most who live in the town run the town, but if ya want, I can see if anyone is looking for help,” he suggests.
“Thanks, man, I’ll let you know. Right now I just want to relax. Driving alone is exhausting.”
“It’s a nice little town. Not even a dot on the map, really. If you’re looking to get away, this may just be the best start for you.” He shrugs and hands over a room key. I walk outside and toss on a ball cap, just incase he’s wrong and there’s someone here watching me right now. 
There more than likely isn’t. I think he was right when he said this place isn’t even a dot on the map. The sign entering town said it holds about two thousand people, probably a little less. Maybe this is the place I need to pause my journey for a while.
It felt so good to be alone on the road. I can’t remember the last time I had free time to myself without my dad pressuring me. Time to think, relax, and actually find a hobby. This little town feels like just the place to start anew and that thought alone scares me but excites me at the same time. I need to be able to find a new me and forget about the old. If that can even happen. My hope is that this place is remote enough that my past can’t find me here. I just have to be smart about it. Learn to live modestly. That’s not hard, right?
After locking my things up in the motel room, I glance around. This town is small, but there’s something to it that’s pulling me in. I see a sign for a small coffe shop so that’s where I head first. After walking inside and heading straight for the small bar in the front, feeling everyone’s eyes on me, I grab a coke and try to focus on the small TV on the wall. There’s an abundance of people in here for it being the middle of the week, and most of them have seemingly gone back to their discussions they were having before I walked in. Most, except two older ladies that are staring at me and whispering to each other. I see them look over at me, then they lower their voices considerably so I can’t hear what they are talking about. Grabbing my coke and give them a nod before taking another gulp. 
“You’re new here, right?” the more natural looking of the two women asks. The other one stands there just staring at me. I can’t tell if she’s happy, surprised, or if that’s just the way her face looks. Seems to me she’s trying way too hard to stay young, rather than embracing her age.
“Yes, ma’am, just stopped in for a rest. Town looks so nice, though, I may just end up staying for a while. Hitting the reset button on my life, if you will.” I don’t know what makes me want to talk to these women, but it feels nice talking to someone who doesn’t know me. I can keep any undesirable part of my life out of the picture as long as the past stays away.
“Well, if you do decide to stay, just let us know. We know of someone who could use your help. You look like just the perfect man for the job.” Why does everyone in this town keep trying to get me a job right away? I don’t need the money, nor do I need to answer to anyone but myself. Thinking more about it, though, if I stay, it would be suspicious I wasn’t working yet had endless money to spend. 
“Tell me more about this job you heard of, I just may need something to bide my time with.” I grin and wink and the look of excitement on woman number one’s face rises before they star to tell me all about this ‘job’ opening they just heard of.
Apparently it’s for a photographer and apparently she needs a new right hand man in order to keep the business afloat. I don’t want to know why they know so much about this photographer’s life, I can pretty much guess. Small towns breed nosey people. I roll my eyes when they mention it’s for a photographer and it’s a woman. I don’t do ‘art’ and I’ve never seen it as a business but more-so a hobby. I also don’t answer to women, in this case probably butch and scary women. Isn’t that what most women artists are, anyway? Lesbian and butchy?
I sigh and resign myself to check this potential employer out because I have nothing better to do. I could leave but something is keeping me here. Plus, these women seem adamant that it’s right down my alley, but I’m not sure how they think they know that when they don’t even know me. Again, I could totally leave…but where’s the adventure in that? Maybe this is my do-over.
They instruct me to head to the park, saying they saw her heading that way. ‘Find the girl with the bright red hair and camera. You can’t miss her’ they said. 
I can’t, either. 
Because she’s right in front of me.
 And she’s the most beautiful woman I’ve ever set eyes on. 
Fuck. Me. 
“Morning ma’am.” I throw on my best southern charm and tip my hat at her, earning a scrunched, annoyed, cute as fuck face from her. 
Are photographers really this cute? Shit she’s more than that. She’s beautiful.
“Hi,” she replies, and I can’t tell if its out of niceties or annoyance that she stands and pushes her hand out to shake mine. “Can I help you?”
I grin at her and the minute our hands touch I blurt the lamest pick-up line I can think of.  “I think I might just be your knight in shining armor.”
Great. Just great, Tatum,
Molly
If it’s not Hot Pants himself, straight out of the fucking magazine. I narrow my eyes at him and chuckle. 
“Thanks, but I’m not available. And that was a really lame line.”
I pull my hand from his and scoot around him while looking through my camera bag to make sure I didn’t leave anything behind. God, he smells good. Nope, that’s the flowers nearby. I’m telling myself it’s the flowers. Don’t look him in the eye. It’s the flowers that smell good.
It’s not the flowers.
Holy hell, I’m in trouble.
 “Wait, I uh, I’m sorry,” he stammers, reaching out and gently grabbing my elbow as I speed away. “That came out wrong. I’m Tatum, I heard you were in need of some help.” He stares at me, trying to read my physical response to him, all the while waiting for my verbal response. His hand still resting on my elbow, his eyes locked with mine, and I feel a tingle start between my legs. Jesus Christ he’s good looking. Physically, my arms are screaming ‘TAKE ME NOW!’ which also seems to be the same thing my lady parts are screaming. The only part not agreeing is my head. Damn head.
“Um, Tatum, is it? I’m not sure what you think you’re saying or doing right now, but I don’t need a man’s help. I sure as hell don’t need a man who starts off with that lame of a line. I’m late for an appointment now, due to this unfortunate conversation, so please excuse me.”
With that I walk off towards my car, leaving him to stand there alone, looking after me as if no one has ever told him no before. I’m not sure who this character is, but I’m damn sure I know exactly who sent him my way. Not one, but two lovely older ladies who seem to think the only way to feel complete is getting attention from a man. I’m going to need to have a talk with them.
First, though, I have a very important meeting with a very high profile client. Turning on the radio, I roll the windows down and drive back to the office. All the while trying to get my head back on straight from my encounter with Mr. Hot Pants. 
I mean Tatum.



FOUR
Tatum
Well, that didn’t go as planned. Since when does a woman not respond positively to me? I didn’t even get this chick’s name. No, not chick…woman. All I know is she has the most brilliant colored red hair I’ve ever seen and beautiful green eyes. Her hair looks natural, too. Not fake, box color like I’ve seen on so many women in the past. She’s real. Her skin was almost glowing when I walked up to her, then when I opened my dumbass mouth it dulled. Almost like she hates men. Oh God, I hope I was wrong about the whole ‘lesbian’ thing. Nothing against them, just that I’m a dude and hot women who don’t like dudes depress me.
I watch her perfect ass sway on the walk back to her car, standing there like a dumbass with my hands in my pockets wondering where I went wrong. I mean, the pickup line was lame, I’ll admit that, but that shouldn’t have been the kicker. I’m way better looking than just a pick up line.
She gets in her car without a glance back at me and I start to worry that maybe she has no feelings at all towards the opposite sex. If that’s the case, maybe I should pack up and head out now. The best looking thing in this town wants nothing to do with me? I’m not ok with that. I’m a Savage. I don’t give up.
Time to make my way back to town and find the women from earlier. Maybe I can get more information about this beautiful creature out of them. 
Walking into the market, the bell on the door dings, alerting everyone in the store that the new guy in town just walked in. I can see the looks I’m getting. I should just hop on my bike and keep driving until I find a place that has people in it who mind their own business. Only problem with that plan is this woman I can’t get out of my mind is in this town. No woman has ever stood up to me before and I think that’s why I’m so intrigued by her. All I have to do now is make her realize I’m not the ass she thinks I am.
“Well if it isn’t you again. Never did get your name, son,” the woman from earlier says.
“Hello again, names Tatum. Listen, earlier you sent me on a wild goose chase to find a potential employer.”
“Yes! Did you find her? Isn’t she wonderful? She is so busy she could really use some help,” Botox lady speaks up. Man, I really need to start learning people’s names.
“Yea well, about that… I, uh, kind of messed up the initial meeting and she thought I was hitting on her. Got all upset, actually got kind of feisty, then got in her car and drove away.” I let out a nervous chuckle and the ladies laugh with me. “I was wondering if you could send me to her office so I could make it up. I feel kind of like an ass.”
The ladies quickly scribble down an address and hand me the paper. They look a little too excited to be helping me, but I guess there isn’t much excitement in small town life. Once I have the paper in hand, the younger looking of the two ladies hands me a Reese’s.
“It’s her favorite. Can’t go wrong there. My name is Alex, and this is Betty. Good luck.” Then she winks at me. I’ve never been more grateful to be handed candy in my life.
Walking out to my bike, I enter the address into my phone GPS and buckle my helmet. It’s amazing how much can change so fast. A day ago I was thinking I’d be on the road for a few more days until I figured out what I’m going to do with my life. Now, I’m going to search for a job simply so I can be about this beautiful woman. 
Again, making decisions in my life because of a women…
Following the route on my phone, I find myself in front of a tiny little storefront filled with black and white drapes and photos intertwined in them. First look tells me I’ve hit the right place. I huff and roll my eyes, stretching out my muscles as I try to figure out how to approach this woman.
I have nothing against photography, but with all of the digital cameras and photo editing software, who actually pays someone to take pictures anymore? It seems like a dead end job to me. Photography should be a hobby. Who in their right mind would start a studio in such a small town and hope for it to succeed? This is the correct address, however, so either way it’s time to get this show on the road.
Walking up to the door, I twist the old style doorknob and enter. It’s cool in here, with a faint fragranced scent to the air. There is country music coming from a back room somewhere, but no one in sight. I ding the bell on the front counter and look around at the open space.
Standing in the front room alone, I decide to take a look at the binders and books on the display tables. All full of very beautiful pictures. I’ve never seen images as ordinary as a tricycle portrayed in such an emotional manner. All of the photos seem to have a story behind them. 
Wow, maybe this chick has more talent than I’m giving her credit for.
Molly
The meeting was short. Apparently Mr. Delany enjoyed my previous wedding shots in my portfolio and bought the largest package I have available without having to talk him into it. I may have fibbed a smidgen saying I had help for the wedding, but by the time his daughter’s wedding comes around next year I’ll have someone helping me. I have to; I don’t have a choice.
This isn’t going to be any ordinary wedding. The Delany’s are a very powerful family and don’t do anything half-assed. They also like to do things that may or may not be illegal in almost all 50 states, but no one questions them in this area, and I’m not about to start. Some say it’s because they’re the Midwest mafia. All I know is that money talks and the $25,000 package they’ve just purchased is telling me not to worry about anything other than keeping the job and capturing the best pictures possible.
Now here I sit in my darkroom, country music blaring, singing to myself while my photos develop. Even though Evie told me on many occasions to tear out the darkroom because it would be a great area for another studio, or even more space for another office, I can’t bring myself to get rid of it. There’s something about watching the photo that you took being developed and finished and knowing that from start to end, you were the cause of it. Though I do use digital for my professional shots, I tend to stick with film for personal use. From rolling the film, to developing it, to creating the pictures… I am the sole purpose that these works of art exist. I love this feeling.
Setting the canister of developer down to soak for a few minutes, I walk out front to grab my water and check messages.
 I know he’s here before I see him. That damn smell of his is intoxicating. I just want to snuggle into his chest and take a good sniff. Well, that among other things.
“Well hello again, stranger,” I say to him, startling him and making him drop the photo book he’s looking at. The air of confidence he normally wears momentarily slips as he quickly turns to look at me with wide eyes. A grin sweeps across chiseled features.
“Molly.” He smiles and nods his head gently, putting his hands in his jean pockets and not taking his eyes off me.
All it takes is one word and I’m jelly. His scent, mixed with his heavenly features is enough to make a girl lose her panties in no time.
Jesus, I need to watch myself with this one.
“What can I do for you?” I ask trying to mask my lusting for him through professionalism and grace.
Trying. I never said I was doing it right.
“I feel the need to explain myself and apologize. Earlier I was very vague and you may have gotten the wrong idea. I heard you were in need of help with your business. The ladies at the shop told me I’d be the perfect fit for the job, but as I look around I’m not sure I know anything about it. What’s this job they told me about? Or were they just pulling my chain, trying to play matchmaker? Oh, and here, they told me to bring you this.” He hands me a peanut butter cup, my one candy weakness. 
Sneaky, sneaky Betty.
As much as I want to turn him away and tell him I don’t need help, he’s the only person looking for a job that’s crossed my doorstep since Evie left. And now more than ever I need a helper since I finalized the plans for the Delany wedding.
“Well, as a matter of fact I’m looking for an assistant. The job would be coming to all shoots with me, aiding me in whatever props or lighting I need, and helping position people to get just the right shot. Think you’re up for it, big guy?” Trying to sound like I couldn’t care less if he takes the job, my inner, very voluptuous self is jumping up and down screaming for him to take it. She really wants to get to know him on a more personal, intimate level. I on the other hand have to hold back every feeling I may have for this beautiful specimen. No way am I getting involved with someone so beautiful. Not happening. They always bring around too much trouble and I have enough of that as it is.
“I may just do that. I will have you know that I know nothing about cameras, but I can take orders just like the best of them. I think I’m perfect for you.” He smiles a broad smile revealing bright white teeth. 
Yes. You look like you’re very perfect for me.
“Great, well then I guess we should get started. Give me one second, I need to run back to the darkroom and finish up something I was working on.” Maybe if I get away from him for a while I can compose my thoughts, since they’re jumping all over the place. Once second I’m telling myself not to be attracted to him, the next my panties are being soaked by his deep southern drawl and delicious smell.
“I’ve never seen a darkroom in use before, mind if I join you?” 
Of course he asks that.
My darkroom is tiny. On a good day, E and I could work together in here and only bump into each other a couple times. I’m thrilled that he wants to start learning the trade this soon, but seriously, the dark room?! So dark, so close, maybe this isn’t a great idea. Nevertheless, he’s asked so nicely…and he smells so yummy.
“Sure thing, follow me,” I chirp.
What am I doing? This can’t lead anywhere good.
He follows me to the back of the studio where my tiny, one-man dark room is hidden. Taking turns going through the light-safe revolving door, I go first and grab my film canister to finalize processing my film. Whipping around to grab my last chemical, I slam straight into the hardest chest I’ve ever felt.
“Easy there,” he says, his voice suddenly deeper and more serious than in the light. His hands gently hold on to my upper arms, sending chills through my body. How can I have such a reaction to a man I just met?
“Sorry,” I manage, captivated by the red glow on his face from the only light in the room. His eyes are so damn entrancing. Why does he have to be so beautiful? And why does he have to be staring at me the same way I’m staring at him?
“So, uh, let me get this going, then I’ll show you around,” I’m able to stutter out. Being around this man makes me unable to speak correctly, I’m sure of it. I need to get over this if he is going to work with me daily.
He smiles and backs up as much as he can. I’m more nervous knowing his eyes are watching my every move and I’m not sure if he’s watching to learn about film development, or watching as a hunter stalking his prey. I feel like the second is the better description of how his gaze is following me around the room, and that makes my insides warmer than they’ve been in a long time.
After the film is done, I lay it out to dry and show him the enlarger I use to make my prints. I explain certain technical aspects of a darkroom that he’s never heard of, and give him an example of how to make a print from the start. He’s very attentive through the whole thing and when I finish the print and hang it to dry, he finally speaks.
“Molly, I have to say, I’ve never had much of a respect for photographers. After watching you create such a beautiful picture from scratch, I feel completely different about your line of work. Well done, and thank you.” His voice is rough, his eyes hold on to mine with every word.
I’m speechless. 
“Welcome, now let’s get your paperwork done. I have somewhere I need to be tonight.” Like out of your stare and alone with my thoughts for a while. 
That and a bottle of wine.


FIVE
Tatum
I head back to the hotel that night feeling better about things than I did in a long time. It could be that I’ve finally gotten away from my family and the knowing stares, it could be that the air here is a lot lighter than the heavy air in Texas, or it could be that I’ve found a new quest in the woman from the photography studio.
Molly.
Her name fits her to the T. Her red hair, shining in the sun, was my first sign that she’s the real thing. I’ve become an attractant for all things fake recently, so seeing someone like her push back against me, and not take my over smug self, it hot as hell. Now all I need to do is get on her good side. Hopefully this ‘job’ will do that.
I really have no interest in having a job, but I also have no interest in anyone else finding out who I really am. I think I’m far enough away from Texas for people not to recognize me on the street, but you never know what magazines have run stories on me or my family. At least if I lay low with a small town job I won’t be an easy target.
Feeling this way about a woman is different for me. Has it really been that long since I’ve been laid? Either way, it makes the thought of going into work a little easier when you have nice eye-candy who actually knows what she’s doing in her line of work. I’ve worked with too many incompetent women in my line of work, so this is a nice change. It actually turned me on, watching her do something she knows so well. It was like she was dancing a choreographed dance, knowing exactly what she had to do and when she had to do it.
I never thought that someone working in a darkroom would be sexy, but watching her move through the dark, only lit by a little red light, was amazing and sexy as sin. She glided in the dark, knowing exactly what she needed and where she was getting it from, and damn if she didn’t feel perfect against me when she ran into me. The red glow of the light on her skin, and the dark contrast between everything around her was incredibly sexy.
Mark that on the ‘places to do’ list once I finally get on her good side.
I’m never going to get used to having a boss or having to report by a certain time, but at least she made it sting a little less that this is how low my life has come. I mean come on, a millionaire as a photographer’s assistant; how hard could it be?
Once I get back to the motel with my to-go dinner tight in it’s Styrofoam box, I click on the TV and turn on my cell phone. It’s been off the majority of my trip so no one can trace me. Not like many people would, but there’s one person in particular that wouldn’t have any trouble at all finding me if my dad put him up to it. 
Immediately as my phone links to the internet the pings start. Luckily, and probably because this is a burner phone not many people have a number to, it’s all from one person. My IT guy Eddie. 
Eddie: Boss man, your dad’s looking for you. I’m holding out. Contact. 
Eddie: The fuck, dude? Text me. 
Eddie: I can’t fucking trace your phone IF YOU DON’T TURN IT ON! FUCK, Tatum!
Eddie: I’m holding your dad off but he’s on the hunt. You need to call me. 
I roll my eyes and turn off my phone. If he really needed to find me he could…if it were an emergency. I can guarantee it, this is not an emergency. This is my father’s ego being hurt that his only child could walk away from him.
I pop open my dinner and stare blankly at the TV, not taking in anything on the screen. No, the only thing my mind wants to think about right now is a very specific redhead. 

Molly
I didn’t get a wink of sleep last night. Tossing and turning all night, wondering what Tatum’s doing, and what he’s thinking. Being in the dark room with him yesterday taught me one thing: don’t ever go in that tiny room with him again. I almost jumped him right there, before even learning his last name.
It’s been a while since I’ve been laid.
He shows up this morning in nice, fitting dark jeans, a pair of chucks, and a black t-shirt. Jesus, this man is nice to look at. I can’t think that way though. His cocky attitude should be making me want to run away, not to mention the fact that he’s now my employee. Never mess around with employee’s…it’s one of my only rules and I spent the night last night envisioning all the different ways we could mess around!
“Morning, Tatum, glad to see you didn’t chicken out.” Maybe if I tell myself to be mean to him, I won’t like him as much.
Please.
“Nope, that’s one thing you have to learn about me. I never chicken out.”
Great, he’s so sure of himself. No time like the present to get the ball rolling then, I guess.
“Great, follow me. We have a newborn shoot this morning and engagement photos this afternoon.”
He helps as I gather items for the newborn shoot. This is one of the hardest parts of the job for me, but I can’t stop myself from booking them. Such innocent little lives, so precious. Most of the time they’re only a week or two old, so new and fresh. It’s heartbreaking and awe inspiring all at the same time to watch the new parents with their baby.
This particular parent wants their baby to be pictured in their home so we have to load all of the equipment up. Baskets, blankets, teddy bears, sound machines, small outfits, and anything else I can think of. Tatum loads it all in, asking questions mostly about the types of materials and why so much has to be packed.
“Infants are so unpredictable, you never know what is going to work well. A mother might have her mind set that the photos are going to be a certain way, but if the baby won’t wake up or won’t go to sleep sometimes those pictures don’t work out. I always want to be prepared. You never know when your last moment will be with your child so I want to make these pictures as precious as possible. That way, worst case, they have beautiful moments of time to look back on.” 
Tatum nods silently but doesn’t ask why I suddenly grow quiet. Sitting here at the red light it’s all I can do not to break down. Getting through a newborn shoot is always hard on me. It’s been 5 years and I still can’t look at a baby without thinking ‘what if’. It’s a little easier today, though. Having Tatum to teach helped take my mind off of the dark mood it was getting in.
Tatum seems to learn very easily. He’s already getting the ropes of how to set up for the best shot, how to properly light a shot, and even different soothing techniques for the baby. He almost seems as if he’s done this before.
At the end of the shoot I’m finishing up packing the last of our stuff while Tatum talks with the happy parents. It went by without incident, only having to stop once for the baby to nurse back to sleep. I look over and see Tatum holding the tiny bundle of baby and all pretenses on this man are shot. He has the most genuine smile I’ve ever seen, all the while looking at this small baby like it’s his world. 
Then it happens. 
My chest tightens and my throat seems to close. I can’t breathe. I try looking to the sky and taking deep breaths, but it’s not working. Shit not now. Walking to the other side of the car, I slide down and wrap my arms around my knees. Over the years I’ve had a few of these spells. Some would call it PTSD, others call them panic attacks. I call them weakness and I wish they didn’t happen. Sitting on the ground probably looks pretty silly, but it’s the only way I know to get over these attacks. I take a few breaths, as deep as I can and let a handful of tears slip down my cheek. 
“Hey.” His voice is unmistakable.
“Oh, hi,” is all I can get out.
“Why don’t we head out and after we drop this stuff off grab a bite to eat?” He looks uncertain while talking to me. Maybe he’s scared to set off the crazy person sitting on the ground hugging herself.
“Um, no thanks. I need to get some things done before the engagement shoot tonight.” Lie. I don’t have anything at home waiting for me. Not anymore
“Come on, Molly. It’s my first day and I don’t know many people. I’m hungry and both of us need to eat before the shoot tonight. Humor me.”
I give in. Partially because I don’t have the strength in me to decline him again, and partially because I really want to get to know this mysterious man. He’s right. We both need to eat. How much can sharing a meal with him in the middle of the day hurt?


SIX
Tatum
Something’s bothering her. She hasn’t been herself since we got to the newborn shoot this morning and she’s still not okay. Hell, finding her on the ground like that, hugging her knees crying? That scared the shit out of me. It shouldn’t have, though…I barely know this girl.
Today was my first time around a baby in a while and as difficult as I thought it would be, I’m more in awe of this healthy, tiny bundle. I’m actually having a good time learning the ropes of her said profession, but something just doesn’t seem right with her. Her light went out when we walked in the door and it hasn’t returned.
We’re trying a place out in town that she’s supposedly never eaten before. It’s a Mexican restaurant with very vividly painted walls and festive music blaring. Not really my style, but the smells are so amazing they make my stomach rumble. The waiter seated us at a booth in the corner, out of the hustle of the lunch rush. I wait for her to take her seat before sitting down and she grins at me. 
I want to see that grin again.
“So Tatum, tell me a little about yourself. How’d you end up here?” She asks, half smiling. The light in her eyes is slowly coming back, but there’s still a darkness there that she’s trying her best to hide.
Telling her about my life will be tricky. No one here can know my past.
“Well, I grew up with both parents. Still married actually. Went to college like any normal kid, met a girl, left the girl, and took a long drive until I landed here. No rhyme or reason to it.” Vague, but not lying. “How about you? You aren’t from here, are you?” Turning the conversation to her will hopefully make her not notice my brushing over of her question.
“Good one. Nope, definitely not from here.”
Wow, she’s going to be as difficult as me.
“Boyfriend?”
“No,” she says as her face falls and she absentmindedly twists her bracelet while staring out at the restaurant.
“Have your eye on anyone in particular?” Just maybe, if I play my cards right, she’ll be mine.
She looks up at me with those big, green eyes, tilts her head to the side and smiles.
“No.”
“That’s a shame,” I say, then I leave the conversation to her. If all she’s going to give me is one word answers, I’m going to make her work for more small talk.
We order chicken fajitas and super nachos, and I stick to water while she orders a frozen margarita, no salt. As we sit in silence I can feel her getting more uncomfortable. We talk about inconsequential things like the weather, sports teams we each root for, favorite vacation spots and so on. Neither one of us delve any more into one another’s private lives. I can tell she’s had enough of that for one day. I grab the check as soon as it comes to the table, not even giving her a chance to reach for it.
“Come on, Tatum, let me at least pay for my part of the meal.”
“No can do. Doing that would be a slap in the face to me. Let me treat you as a thank you for giving me a job and taking time out to teach me the ropes.”
She sighs and nods slowly. I hate that she gives in so easily. The strong woman I met yesterday isn’t anywhere to be found. Her fight’s gone and I want to help her get it back. I’m not certain why I feel so strongly for this woman after knowing her for only a day, but I feel as if I’d do anything to get her out of her shell and back to the feisty redhead I met at the park.

Molly
Ok, I was wrong. Lunch in the middle of the day with your overly sexualized, beautiful looking coworker is a bad idea. Not only am I grilled about my relationship status, I’m then thrown a huge curveball by his response. What the hell does that mean? He can’t possibly be thinking of me that way. Yea, I’m not terrible looking, but for his beauty he could get someone a little less frumpy. That and for the sole purpose to try and scare him off, I’ve been nothing but mean to him since he introduced himself.
Well, apparently that didn’t work. I’ve noticed how his eyes focus on me every time I talk, like I’m the center of his world. Only one person has ever done that before and that ended very, very badly. I can’t let anyone get that close to me again. I’d rather things didn’t turn out that bad again, and having someone like him in my life is just asking for trouble.
That, and the fact that I’ve started receiving threats again from the one group I’m trying to stay away from is a sure sign that I need to get my life together before inviting the innocent in.
“Listen, Tatum, I’m not feeling well today. I think I need to head home and rest before the shoot tonight. Can you head back to the studio and make sure everything is set?” Maybe getting away from him for a while will let my hormones relax. They seem to be in overdrive lately and it’s happening every time I am around Tatum.
“Sure, just tell me what to do.”
I go through step by step what to do with the photos from this morning. He says he’s competent with computers so transferring them from the card to the computer shouldn’t be too hard. Then I tell him about the things we need for the engagement shoot tonight. There isn’t much equipment needed for the shoot, so he shouldn’t have too hard of a time. Honestly, he seems pretty competent on day one of a job he claimed he has no knowledge of. 
Heading home, all I can think about is Tatum. I got myself so hot during lunch I didn’t quite know what to do. My panties are soaked just from sitting through a mid-day date with him. I can’t have those feelings anymore. When Brian was killed, he took my entire life with him. I can’t start over again, which means I can’t give myself to someone again.

SEVEN
Tatum
Maybe one day she’ll open up. Until then, I’ll keep learning how to read her and find out as much as I can about her. There’s something about this girl that makes me want to throw away everything I have just to know all I can about her past and help her recover. Obviously whatever she went through she hasn’t coped well. I’m still floored that it’s only been a day since meeting her and I already feel this connected, but I can’t think of it that way. Fate brought us together, and I’m not going anywhere anytime soon. No one knows why I’m here or who I am, and no one can touch me when they don’t know where I am.
Eddie’s not about to tell anyone where I am, so I should be good for a while. At least until I can help Molly.
Turning the corner to head into the studio, I see two figures inside. They’re both in all black and rustling through the filing cabinets at the front desk. Alarms start going off in my head and I jump from relaxed Tatum mode to the old me. The me everyone called Nate. The one who could kill someone with one arm. What’re they doing here? My mind immediately jumps to the thought that they are here for me, but they don’t know I’m here. No one here knows who I am, and they look like they’re on a hunt for something specific. What the hell?
Right now all I care about is getting to them before they see me. I make sure the front door isn’t open and I sneak around back where I see their car, a rusted out piece of shit that’s seen better days. Who would break into a small photography shop is beyond me. Especially in this small of town. That’s the last thing on my mind right now, though, as I try to get to the men tearing apart Molly’s world before they notice me.
One day and I’m already putting my life in danger for this woman. Fuck. 
Just as I enter the studio from the rear entrance, one man I didn’t count on jumps me. He knocks me down pretty hard, but I bounce back quickly and grab onto his shirt collar, slamming him into the glass barrier between the lobby and back room. Breaking the glass with his head, he goes down. By now the other two have heard the commotion and come running. I’ve done two against one on more than one occasion. I have not, however, ever won against a gun being pointed at my forehead.
“Tell your boss we were here. Tell her we haven’t forgotten. It’s time for her to pay up.” The man has a raspy voice like he’s smoked a few hundred too many packs in his lifetime.
“I don’t know what the fuck you’re talking about,” I say. God, my head’s starting to hurt. These assholes are going to pay.
“You don’t have to, but she will. It’d do her good to never forget,” the man behind me says, and then he takes his knife and holds it to my throat. Perfect.
I grab hold of his arm and twist. His arm bends in a very unnatural fashion and the knife falls to the floor. I grab it quickly as he screeches in pain from having his arm broken in multiple places.
“Get the fuck out before I call the cops,” I growl.
The three of them leave; two laugh and make comments about my bravery and how it was ‘cute’. The other man’s in too much pain to do anything but scream. He’s not going to be able to move that arm for a while, but he’s lucky I didn’t hurt it worse.
After they leave I sit there, mentally taking in the area. The glass partition’s broke. Shattered is more like it. The files in the filing cabinet are torn apart. They were looking for something, but what is a mystery to me. Obviously they weren’t here for me, or else they wouldn’t have ransacked her place this bad. 
What’s she hiding?
Time to get up and call the boss lady. It’s taking everything I have not to make a few calls and have this all cleaned up before she gets here, but doing that would raise suspicions that I’m not who I say I am, and I can’t have that.
Not yet, at least.
If this turns out to be something bigger than she’s letting on, though, I’m damn well going to play the Savage card. People will fear me when they hear who I really am, but to keep her safe I’d be willing to put it out there.
I grab the office phone and dial the number she programmed into my cell phone yesterday.
“This better be good. I was just getting ready to take a nap, and no one interrupts my naps,” she snaps at me. Any other situation I would’ve thought it hot, but not now. Now, everything is in shambles…everything she has…and I have to tell her.
“You should come up to the studio, Molly,” I practically growl.
“What? No. I’m taking a nap. I’ll see you in a few hours.” She sighs and I hear rustling. “I’m hanging up, Tatum. You’ve got this…I have faith.”
“Stop being stubborn, Molly. Three men just broke into the studio. There’s glass all over and they threatened both of us. I don’t take things too seriously, but when someone has a knife to me, I damn well want to know what the fuck is going on.”
I hear her gasp, then she starts to curse.
“Shit, shit, shit…. I’ll be right there.”
That’s all she gives me, then she hangs up.
Time to wait and see what this woman has hiding behind those beautiful green eyes.
When she finally arrives, she stops suddenly right inside the front door. Her face turns white as she looks around at the damage. I stay right where I am, not wanting to spook her.
“Those sons of bitches,” she whispers, then sets her purse down and gets to work cleaning up the glass. 
“Hey, so, uh, would you like to tell me what happened? Because as lost as I am, you seem to know exactly what happened here today. Someone had a gun to my head and a knife to my throat. I’m not sure if this is the right place for me to seek employment if being killed is in the job description,” I half joke. Nope, don’t want to be shot at. I won’t, however, leave her side now that I know someone’s out to get her.
“I’m sorry about this, Tatum. I never wanted anyone else to get involved with this. You weren’t meant to be here obviously. They would’ve attacked anyone. Maybe you should go on back to the motel…find another place to grow your roots.” She’s kicking me out. Out of her life, out of her business.
“No. You’re the most real connection I’ve made in a very long time. I’m not going to leave you high and dry while you have psychopaths gunning for you. What the hell is going on?!” Now I’m mad. She obviously doesn’t know danger when it slaps her in the face.
“It’s none of your business. I can handle it. I’ve handled it before on my own. I can do it again.” Her mood has gone from sad, to depressed, to pissed all within a few minutes of each other.
She’s hiding something. Something that’s going to get her killed if she doesn’t watch it. An urge comes over me, the strongest emotion I’ve had in a long time. Still unsure if I like this feeling or not, I try to push it back and move on.
“I appreciate you trying to keep me safe. No woman has ever done that before…. Most are out to get me. However, this is way bigger than you think. These men were out to kill today. If I hadn’t broken that one’s arm he would have slit my throat. They will not hesitate to kill you next time they come across you. I guarantee you that.” I know I’m being more forceful that she needs right now, but she has to understand how dangerous the situation today was…and from her reaction she isn’t getting it.
She throws down the glass suddenly, startling me, and glares at me with glistening eyes.
“You don’t think I already know that?” she screams. “They took everything from me, Tatum! I know who these men are! My husband, my child…. MY LIFE! They took it all.” She starts sobbing and backs herself against the far wall, sliding down it and hugging her knees.
For a moment the air’s knocked out of me. These bastards killed her husband and child? A new level of anger I’ve never felt sweeps over me. I want to personally dismember each and every one of them.
Right now, though, I have a hysterical woman I need to help. If she would just let me in.
“Tell me, Molly. I’m able to help, but you have to tell me everything,” I all but whisper, slowly walking towards her and meeting her on the floor.

Molly
How do I tell someone I barely know my life story? I know I should, but I moved here to this town to get away from everyone’s knowing stare back in Tacoma. Now these assholes have found me and there doesn’t look to be any other way out. Especially not after Tatum was just mixed up in it. 
“I haven’t ever told anyone other than Evie what I’m about to tell you,” I start off. Tatum’s right next to me, his hand resting on my knee. We’re sitting on the floor against the wall and the human contact right now feels reassuring. “I married young at the ripe age of 19. We were so in love and no one was going to stop us from being together for the rest of our lives.”
Tatum still hasn’t moved, but I can tell he’s listening carefully.
“We didn’t have a dime to our names starting off. I was opening my photography studio but I was still a newbie in an area full of artists. Brian…” I pause and chuckle. “Brian was a workaholic. He worked twelve hour shifts at the local steel mill. When it came time for us to try and start a family I was ecstatic to have a baby.” I pause and watch as his hand tightens on my knee, reassuring me he’s here for me. “It took a few years of trying and hundreds of doctors appointments for something to finally stick.” I let out a chuckle and take a moment, remembering the day we finally found out we were pregnant. 
“Right around our 5th wedding anniversary I found out that Brian had been laid off for about a year. I was too busy to check where the money was coming from. As long as it was in our account, I was fine,” I trail off. The hand on my knee reaches over and grabs my hand. This next part’s going to be hard, and Tatum knows it.
“I found out I was pregnant shortly after finding out the truth about Brian. He was working for a local gang buying and distributing drugs. Hard stuff. More than just pot. I was devastated to say the least. We finally got our wish to have a family and he was involved with something like that.” It takes me a few deep breaths to calm down before continuing. I haven’t said this next part out loud in five years and I’m not sure how I’m going to, but I know I have to.
“Her name was going to be Alice.” I will not cry, I will not cry. “Three weeks before my due date we were attacked in our house. The men mentioned missing drugs and money. I was sure it wasn’t us as Brian told me he had gotten out of the business shortly after finding out we were expecting. What did I know though? They told Brian he had to pay. The man aimed the gun and shot. When the bullet hit me all I remember is a sharp pain, warm blood, and being very, very cold. I guess after they made him watch that, they shot and killed him as well.”
I blink away tears. Tears won’t solve anything right now.
“I know what they want. I got an anonymous letter shortly after I got home from the hospital, telling me they would be back for the money. That’s when I packed a bag and left. Left all of my money and most belongings in the Tacoma house.  Ended up here where I put down roots.”
“It’s taking all I have now not to go find those bastards,” Tatum finally whispers.  
“Please don’t,” I manage, curling into him when he wraps his arms tight around me.
“But you don’t have the money,” he says and I sigh. 
“I don’t. I have no clue about any of it but they’re not letting up. I guess it’s taken them this long to find me…it may just be time to pack up and move again.”
“Don’t say that. You’ve got something here, Molly.”
“Yea…a ton of shattered glass and a fucked office.” I laugh because being sad over this situation isn’t going to change it.  “I’m sorry that I had to tell you, I’m sorry you are even involved with this.” 
“Never apologize for them, Molly,” he whispers, his face so close to mine I can feel his breath on my lips. 
I want to kiss him. I can see it in his eyes that he wants the same…but not today. Not like this. 
“We need to clean this up,” I huff, pulling away and standing up. I need to get my life in order, not mess it up with more people getting involved in this. 
“Let me help,” he says, taking the broom from my hands. 
“No,” I blurt, pulling back again. “Please. I can do this. You can head home, I’ll…” I huff. “I have to cancel the shoot tonight. I’ll see you in the morning ok?”
He gives me this look like he wants to say more but he doesn’t. His jaw tightens and he gives me a quick nod. Just when I think he’s going to leave, he walks closer to me and takes my chin in his hand. 
“You’re the strongest, bravest woman I’ve ever met. And that’s saying something,” he chuckles then his eyes flick to my lips. I lick them, unable to take my eyes off his. “We’ll figure this out. I promise I won’t stop until they’re behind bars or underground for good.”
He leans in and plants a kiss on my lips so soft yet so perfect I almost start crying all over again. It’s over as quick as it begins and I’m left feeling dumbfounded while he steps away. 
“Tomorrow, Molly,” he states firmly before heading out the back door. I wait until I hear his bike engine roar grow faint in the distance to take a breath.
What just happened? Today was supposed to be any other day. Two shoots, rest time in-between, and home to go to bed. Instead, it turned into a melt-down, crazed killer, secret spilling type of day. And then that kiss? Gah! What was that all about?
Tatum asked if I know where the money is and I said no. I don’t, for sure, know where it is. I do, however, have an idea. The one place I never looked. A place no one would ever think to look. A place that would mean revisiting the very thing I’ve been running from for five years.

EIGHT
Tatum
I’ve been calling Molly all morning and no one’s picking up either her cell or the shop. Maybe she turned her phone off before bed. She had a long day yesterday, so maybe she wanted to block out the world for a while, I get it. I still don’t know where she lives, so I head into the studio and start cleaning up from yesterday’s mess but it looks like she got a lot of it cleaned up after I left. I didn’t want to leave, but I know how it feels to need to be left alone. I respect that.
She cleaned everything up, but she still needs the glass replaces as well as new locks put in. It’s only day two on the job and though I probably shouldn’t, I take it upon myself to call a locksmith and local glad place and a few hours into the day things are looking up. I didn’t even have to use my name to get this all done…being nice to people in this town goes a long way. 
Its noon before I finish up and decide to go looking for Molly. I have a feeling she doesn’t do this a lot, she seems like a workaholic to me. Heading into the market, I spy Betty. She’s nice, though she tries way too hard to look younger and it is very obvious. I’m just glad I’m finally learning names.
“Hey, Betty, have you seen Molly today? I can’t get ahold of her and needed to run some things by her for work,” I lie. I don’t want word spreading of yesterday’s adventures. I can only hope the men that came in to help repair things won’t spread anything. I can see gossip running wild in this town.
“No, I haven’t as a matter of fact. Normally I see her in the morning when we stop to get coffee, but she wasn’t there this morning. Come to think of it, her car wasn’t in her drive when I went by either. Hmm, strange.” She looks honestly worried that something might’ve happened to her, which sets me off even more.
I’m able to get her address from Betty and decide to take matters into my own hands. Feeling worried, I thank Betty and make my way out to the car. Her car isn’t in her drive and there’s no answer when I knock on the door so I hop back in my car and start driving around town. I’ve never felt frantic before, but I’m starting to. 
I visit the park, some running paths that I noticed from her albums, and head back to the studio, but still nothing. After three hours and still no Molly I’m out of options. This town isn’t that big. Three hours and I’ve gone over every possible place three times. At least. I really have no clue where she could be and I’m starting to get a more frantic after considering what happened yesterday. Those men are in town…they could have easily grabbed her last night and she could be dead for all I know. Heading back into the studio, I sit at her desk to think. The desk is clustered with papers and proofs of photographs from a wedding it looks like she recently did. 
Nothing here. 
I stand up and as I walk away from her desk something flutters to the floor. 
“What the?” I see the name scrawled frantically across the top and my heart starts beating out of my chest.



Tatum,
There are things happening here that are completely out of your realm. I’ve had to leave to take care of it. Please, don’t get involved. Save yourself from the grief. 
Molly

“What the fuck?” I growl, crumbling the paper in my hands. She thinks I’m nobody, but I’m exactly what she needs in a situation like this! I know men like these because I am a man like them! Fuck!
I plop back down at her computer and dial Eddie. I have to help her. 
Within an hour I have all of her personal information at my fingertips thanks to my Eddie. I wish she’d show up so I don’t have to intrude in her life this way. We barely know each other, but I feel such a connection to her after just one day of getting to know her, I can’t leave her alone now. Especially after what happened. She’s the only girl that’s ever made me feel this way and now she could be gone for good. I can’t take the thought of that. I won’t be able to live with myself if something happens to her.
A few clicks into her computer and I’m in. I quickly scan through bank records, loan records, and everything else imaginable that she’s done in this small town in the last 5 years. It’s not a lot. She’s a homebody from the looks of it, and doesn’t spend money on unnecessary things. 
Definitely not like any of the women I’ve ever been with before. 
I scan everything imaginable but there’s nothing out of the norm from first glance. It’s then that I notice a locked file hiding in her documents that makes me think twice. Its title is BA and it’s locked with a 13 digit password. I pick up the phone and call Eddie.
“Hey, man. Find what you needed?” I hear his keys clicking in the background and know I’m interrupting him in the middle of work, but I don’t care. I need to know where she is, and if this file is the answer to my question then I’ll be damned if I let guilt get in the way of me finding my girl.
My girl?
Yes. My girl.
“Not yet, I need you to try and get into this file I’m sending you. This might be exactly what I need.”
“Will do, over and out.”
I hope to god this is what will lead me to her. I’m starting to fear the worst and every time I think about what they could do to her the ache in my chest gets worse.
While I’m waiting for Eddie to come back at me with the file unlocked, I start to scour her recent financial records. It’s nice to be rich and smart. With money and brains, you can have the world at your fingertips. I don’t care who knows where I am now; all I care about is Molly. I have to make sure she’s safe. I have to. My brain and dick aren’t giving me much of a choice, but funny thing is, my heart isn’t either. There’s a rock there, weighing me down, and it isn’t going anywhere until I find her safe. How in the world did I get myself so wrapped up in a woman after only knowing her a couple days?
Not the point. What is the point is that I found Molly’s travel itinerary. Tacoma?! What the fuck is she doing in Tacoma?!
Right as I find this much needed information, Eddie calls back.
“Hey, asshole, you know you owe me, right? Whoever this chick is, she wanted to keep that file under lock and key with ten guard dogs ready to attack if approached.”
“Dude, I don’t have the time, did you get it open or not?”
“Of fucking course! That’s why you pay me the big bucks.”
“Thanks, man, I’ll be in touch.” I hang up and shake my head at his attitude. He’s lucky he’s so smart and good at hacking into things, or he’d be on my shit list for the way he talks to me.
I wait for the email to ding, and then double click to open. The file’s here, waiting to be opened, but I hesitate. I already know where to find her. I should just walk away and forget about this mystery file. I don’t of course, but I soon realize I should have. 
What’s inside completely breaks my heart. Photos, all of them of Molly and I assume her dead husband. Wedding pictures, vacation pictures, a life that she looked so happy in. No trace of fear or sadness in her eyes. The last pictures I open are the most beautiful and depressing pictures I’ve ever seen. Sonogram scans, baby announcements, and Molly. Every month she must have taken pictures to show her progress. She was the most beautiful pregnant woman I’ve ever seen. My heart aches for everything she lost and an anger grows inside me. Anger with everyone involved in taking her life from her, making her live the rest of her days with this memory of what she’ll never have. Anger like never before courses through my veins. I want to personally dismember each of them for making her hurt so much. She hides it well, but now knowing what I do, I want to spend the rest of time trying to fix it; fix her.
I bring up the jet’s number on my phone and call the captain. Time to go to the Pacific Northwest. I can only hope I make it in time.

NINE
Molly
I shouldn’t have come here. This feels too much like a trap, but it’s the only way to ensure my safety. Hopefully Tatum is out of town by now. It makes my chest ache thinking about never seeing him again. The man was the first ever to truly make me feel alive and worth something and I had to let him go as soon as I found him. I know it’s nuts to think that I could fall for someone that quickly, but it’s like fate threw us together and then ripped us apart right away. I just just hope he found the note I left for him.
The plane ride gave me plenty of time to think. I had been shunning myself away from love and affection for so long I had forgotten how good it felt to be desired. Tatum set me on fire when he grinned at me that first time, but I ignored the ache, blaming it on not getting laid in a while. What I didn’t expect in our few short days together is that I would fall head over heels for him. Just two days into our work relationship and I ached to be around him all day. When I went home to rest, before the attack, I actually had to stop myself from inviting him to come for a nap as well. There’s something about him that makes me want to never leave his side, which scares me.
Now I sit in a cab on the way back to the one place I hoped I’d never have to return to. Things seem more lived in now in our old neighborhood. When we bought the house there were fledgling trees and bare lawns. In these 5 years the trees have grown and people have taken time out of their schedules to make their lawns lush with greenery. A slight twinge of jealousy rises in my gut, but I won’t let that play out to the end. I chose to leave here. As much as I love this state, and the beautiful landscape surrounding my city, it was my choice to leave. Well…sort of. Had it not been for those thugs after the money and drugs, I would’ve probably been able to stay, but I wasn’t about to get wrapped up in that. I thought leaving would be my only way out.
Apparently I was wrong.
The cab stops in front of a white, two story house with a wraparound porch. I pay and get out, grabbing my one bag on the way. I didn’t have to pack much else then the necessities since I know exactly what waits for me in the house. Everything was left in tip top shape, and I’ve been paying a housekeeper to check in and dust every couple of weeks. As soon as the cab drives away, I drop my bag and stare at the house. My breaths come in short spurts and I can feel an attack coming. Not wanting to be seen, I head for the porch and sit behind one of the pillars.
I haven’t been here since I left, but we had enough money for me to be able to keep the house and still live comfortably. Every memory I once had in this house is now tainted. Tainted with death, tears, and so much blood. While I was in the hospital, the house was professionally cleaned, wiping all visible traces of the horror that happened here away. I, however, will never forget. One night took away all I knew.
My thoughts drift to Tatum as I sit on the old front porch. For the first time in years I’m happy about the thought of being near a man. He makes me feel something that I haven’t ever felt before. Ever. The way he smiles, the carefree way he seems to take life. Just thinking about those muscles and chiseled jaw set me on fire. I let my thoughts wander to the time in my office. Remembering his strong arms and how they wrapped around me so tight, the way he knew just the right thing to say.
God, the way his lips felt on mine.
I’m not here to dwell on things I walked away from, though. I’m here to try and find the money. Hopefully I know what Brian was thinking when he hid it. If he hid it. For all I know it could have been long gone before the time those thugs came into our home, but I have to try.
Grasping the keys in my hand, I stand to enter the house. With shaky hands I unlock the door and step in. I close my eyes and take a deep breath, my senses immediately recognizing the patchouli smell and noticing that the house doesn’t feel stuffy at all. Slowly opening my eyes I look around at the place I used to call home.
The first thing that I see is a table with a light on. Strange. No lights were set to timers; the house shouldn’t be using much power.
Then I hear him.
“Hello, Molly,” his deep familiar voice echoes throughout the house and I almost faint.
I grip my keys tighter and round the corner. 
Sitting on top of an old table that I left behind, one leg carelessly hanging down and a golden drink in hand, Brian’s grinning at me. GRINNING! I’m not sure what to do first; faint, puke, scream, cry, or beat the shit out of him.
“Wh— How?” I manage to whisper once I find my voice. “You’re dead…” I whisper.
“There’s a lot you need to know. Please, let’s grab a drink in the kitchen first. You might need it.” He walks towards me and has the audacity to reach for me.
“I’m not going anywhere with you.” I recoil from his touch.
I can’t think straight. I have to get out of here before I lose it.
He’s supposed to be dead!
Just as I start to run, he grabs my arm hard, twisting me towards him. He looks much older; the last 5 years didn’t treat him well. I guess that’s what happens when you’re pretending to be dead. 
Looking down at where his hand is touching my skin, a peaceful look crosses his face. I take the opportunity to knee him as hard as I can right in his groin. He goes down and I run. I bolt out the door and down the street. I don’t even know where I’m going, but I run until I think I’m going to pass out.
Slowing to a stop, I check my surroundings. Ahead of me there’s nothing much but a few trees, a house in the distance, and a dingy little bar with a flashing neon sign.
It’s been a while since I’ve really drank, but it’s the only thing I’ll be able to do to get my mind off of my dead husband that’s waiting for me back at our old house.
Damn, things have really taken a turn for the worse in the last few days.
***
About 4 hours later, I don’t remember why I started drinking in the first place. Thanks whiskey, you did your job!
“Ma’am, we have to cut you off. We don’t like to serve those who are obviously drunk and while you look like you need to bury something, we aren’t the place to do that.”
I stare up at the old man who has a beard and beer gut. He’s been serving me all afternoon.
“Uh, sure. I’ll be on my way,” I manage. Holy cow, I’m too far-gone to do much of anything. What in the hell happened? And how am I going to get through this?
The only thing I can think of at this moment is how amazing of a lover Tatum would have been. Mmm, Tatum. I wonder how he’s doing. I should call him!
Pulling my phone out, I clumsily find his name and press send. It goes directly to voicemail. Whatever, he probably changed all of his contact information once he realized how much crazy followed me around. It’s too bad, though, since I think I was falling for him. Hard. I could easily fall in love with him. Now he doesn’t want me. Life sucks sometimes. Ooo, this bush looks nice and soft. I may just take a nap here….
***
Jesus, what’s that smell? I open my eyes just to immediately close them tight. What the hell, who put a light that bright in my room? And why does my head hurt? And WHAT is that smell?
I slowly crack open my eyes. Very slowly and agonizingly taking in my surroundings. First thing I notice is the source of the smell. Apparently I’m lying in throw up. As gross as it is, I hope it’s at least mine and I’m not in someone else’s puke. What the hell happened? Did I sleep in a bush last night? I attempt to stand, but the pounding in my head is insane. My head hurts so bad I can’t think straight. I look around and things start coming back to me when I see the bar. Oh good lord, what did I do? I don’t drink. Obviously I can’t say that anymore, though. I need something to drink, preferably with a lot of caffeine to help with this headache.
Standing up proved to be more difficult than I thought it would. After a few failed attempts, I find my footing in the grass and wobble over to the bar. Hoping they’re open, I pull at the door and it opens. Inside is dark and musty smelling with lit up bar signs and music playing from an old jukebox. What century am I in?
“Hey there, how ya feelin?” a woman from behind the bar says. She has curly blonde hair and is probably about 10 years older than me.
“Kinda like shit. Was I here last night?” My throat is scratchy and I’m certain I look exactly like I sound. Hell, I probably smell horrible too considering what I slept in, but she doesn’t hesitate to smile at me like any other paying patron.
“Honey, you were here all afternoon yesterday. Finally we cut ya off and you went outside to sleep it off. You just wake up?” she asks, wiping the bar down.
“Yea. And I don’t remember anything that went down last night. Did I say anything?”
“Just babbling on about someone named Brian, a baby. You mentioned a fine man a few times. Other than that, it was just blank stares across the bar at your reflection.”
I remember all too well about what went on before the bar. Glad I didn’t get in too much trouble. I ask for a coke and an order of biscuits and gravy to aid in my hangover. I have plenty of weaknesses and grease covered carbs is one of them at this point in my hangover. When the food comes out the woman kindly sets two ibuprofen tablets alongside my drink and gives me a wink. I grab my fork and dig in, thinking about the last twenty-four hours.
If Brian’s still alive, why would they come after me and attack my employee for the money? Why wouldn’t they go after him for the money? Why am I still wrapped up in this bullshit?!
I eat my order as fast as I can, happy for the warm grease filled hug. Now on to face the day, hoping that whatever happened yesterday was just my imagination, even though I know it wasn’t. First, though. I need a shower and the only place I know to go is the one place I’d rather never have to go back to.

TEN
Tatum
I’ve never traveled to this part of the country before. There doesn’t seem to be much here that I would enjoy so I haven’t wasted my time on it. All the beautiful people and warm weather in the south is where I’m more comfortable. I have to say, though, that after flying in and seeing the view from the sky, I might’ve been missing out. The trees are so beautiful and the mountains look incredibly peaceful with their snowcaps. It’s very peaceful and rugged. I can see Molly living here, growing up here.
As I wait for directions to Molly’s old house to load, I think about the last few days. Just a week ago I was loading up my most personal belongings and heading out on my bike. I had no destination in site and only one goal in mind: get out of town. I needed to rid myself of every memory from the last few years. I needed to start over. This was not quite the way I envisioned starting over, but I would trade anything for Molly. I would do this all ten times over if it meant I still get to meet her. That is, if she will have me once she knows my true self. Funny thing, though, I’m not even sure about my true self anymore.
With the directions loaded, I head out in my black Dodge Ram. Apparently you can’t rent motorcycles and the lady at the airport said a truck would be good for any terrain and hill I come across. Fine, whatever. As long as it gets me to Molly before it’s too late.
Hopefully she’s there. Her files and bank statements didn’t show any record of other places she’d be staying, so this is the only logical explanation. 20 minutes later I’m pulling up in front of a white two story with a nice sized porch. Looks very much like a home I could see her living in, raising her family in. I hate that she came back here; that she felt she had to. Getting out of the truck, I lock the doors and head for the front door. I don’t yet know what I’m going to do if she’s not here so I pray she answers the door.
Molly
Just as I turn off the water and step out of the shower, I hear the doorbell. Of course.
Racing to cover the important bits, I consider who would be knocking on my door at this house of the day. No one but Brian knows I’m here. I didn’t let the neighbors know I’m home yet and Brian has a key apparently, so why would he knock? I throw a robe on, pulling the tie tight, and then wrap my hair in a towel. Padding down the stairs, I see a figure through the front window that takes my breath away. What’s he doing here? I open the door and see him standing at the side of the porch, looking at the street, his back to me. He hears the door open and turns to look at me. I can see the torment in his eyes, the questions, and the lust. He doesn’t say anything, just crosses the space between us with three long strides and takes me in his arms, hugging me tight.
Oh god…this is perfect.
“I never thought I’d see you again.” He whispers into my hair.
He holds onto me like I’m his last breath. I press in to him, wrapping my arms around him. I thought he had given up on me and washed his hands of this. I thought me leaving would push him away, especially after the note I left telling him to leave. I thought he was safe. Now he’s on my doorstep and I’m not sure what to think. Looking up at him, I smile. I’m thrilled beyond words he’s here, but I’m scared I’ve now put an innocent in the crossfire of my past.
“I think we need to go inside,” I say. As happy as I am that he’s here, I don’t want everyone hearing what I’m about to tell him. Something tells me Brian wouldn’t like it if the whole town knew he really didn’t tragically die.
We walk inside the house and I know I can’t hide it from him. Somehow he found where I was and followed me halfway across the country. Somehow he had the funds to do this on the drop of a hat. Maybe he’s not the man I thought he was. Maybe we’re both hiding things.
Either way, he cares about me enough to put his life in danger to be with me. To help me. I have to be honest with him. He walks in and I shut the door behind me. As I lock it, he turns and stares at me. It’s the most unnerving thing, being stared down by someone so beautiful and not knowing what comes next. I know what I wish would come next, but I need to tell him the truth. 
“Tatum, I--” I start but he cuts me off with a kiss so filled with need I melt into him. Kissing my neck, roaming my body with his hands, exploring parts of me that haven’t been touched in years. He finds the tie of my robe and tugs it loose, displaying my naked front for him. He’s bold. He’s determined. He’s beautiful. And I’m not going to stop him. 
“So goddamn beautiful.” He groans as his hands continue to explore my body. He kisses me with emotion and lust…and something else. Something that tells me he didn’t spend all this money just to find me, fuck me, and leave. His hand snakes around and grips my ass and heat floods between my legs.
Maybe what I needed to tell him can wait.
I shrug off the robe and pull the towel, tussling my still wet hair out. It drips down my back as I stand here boldly, waiting for him to make his next move. I’ve never been this bold with anyone, not even Brian. With Tatum, though, I feel beautiful. He slides my legs apart and kneels in front of me. His fingers find my folds and he slowly opens me to his tongue, licking ever so softly on my clit. I moan and rest my head on the door. Jesus Christ. His other hand reaches up and pinches my nipple, making me gasp from the delicious pain. He shoves his fingers inside me, curling them forward to find the sweetest spot. I moan and press into him.
“I was worried sick that you were gone for good. I don’t like to be worried, Molly,” he growls, glancing up at me as his fingers play me. “You taste divine.”  
His words make the heat between my legs rise and as he licks my tight nub I come apart. The world seems to spin and my legs quiver after that mind-boggling orgasm. I slide down the door and sit on the floor, staring up at the very large, very obvious bulge in his pants.
Kneeling, I grab the waistband of his pants and unbutton them. Sliding them down, his thick erection pops out in all of its glory.
“Commando, huh?” I grin up at him. He gives me his best grin and shrugs. I take him into my hands and start exploring him.
“You know, I never thought I’d be able to enjoy you correctly. Now that I have you here, I’m not sure I’ll ever get enough of you,” I say, then I glide him into my mouth and as far back as I can go. He hisses and grabs the back of my head to still me.
“Do that again and I’m not going to last very long,” he groans his warning. I get it, but I don’t care. I’m not sure how many times I’ll be able to enjoy him before he decides my crazy is too much.

ELEVEN
Tatum
She’s relentless. I warned her twice that I won’t last, but it’s like she has to taste me. I’m not complaining. Her fucking mouth is incredible, but next time I will be the one in control. I can’t wait to explore her.
Next time.
First, we have something to clear up with those thugs. Hopefully we get a next time. Hopefully we have forever to explore each other. The thought of being with someone for the rest of my life no longer scares me. What scares me now is losing her before I’m able to tell her how I really feel. Love at first sight was never something I even considered, but with Molly all of this feels way too good to walk away from.
“Listen,” I start as she stands in front of me grinning. It’s taking everything I have not to take her against this door. “I need to get cleaned up, then we need to talk.” She sighs and I reach over and take her chin, moving her face up to look me in the eyes. “Shower with me?”
She smiles and nods slowly.
I must be a glutton for punishment.
She slowly undresses me the rest of the way in the foyer and I follow her to the bathroom. I’m sporting a massive hard-on that’s throbbing with need, but I don’t push her. She’s got a sadness to her… an aura about her… something different that I can’t place.
There’s no talk in the shower. No discussion of the happenings of the last twenty-four hours. She takes her time running her hands down my body full of soap and I do the same, enjoying her curves and cupping her breasts, letting my thumb trail over her pebbled nipple. She’s so sexy, it takes everything I have inside me not to slam her against the shower wall and fuck her right here. Our first time deserves more than a quick shower fuck, and I refuse to fuck her until she knows the truth about me.
As we get dressed, she stops and looks at me.
“Brian’s still alive,” she blurts, then looks down and starts fidgeting with the button on her pants. I see the tears slip down her cheek and a rush of air leaves me. Feeling the rage build inside of me, I stare at her as she steels herself for what she’s about to say. “I don’t know why or what he wants. I don’t know what the hell is going on. The only thing I do know is that these men are relentless and will kill, have killed, to get what they want. I think I’m falling in love with you and I don’t want you messed up with this. I couldn’t live with myself if you were injured because of this.”
Ok brain, now would be a good time to start processing through what she just said. Her husband’s still alive? I saw the death certificate in her file, though. What type of person is he if he’d do that? There’s no way in hell I’m leaving her to this. And what the hell is this about love? I’ve never felt something as strong as I feel for her. I’ve also never told anyone other than my parents that I love them.
God, can we just go back to five minutes ago when we were naked in the shower? That was a way less stressful time compared to this. 
“Wow. Okay,” are the only words that come out of my mouth. I feel like a douche, but that’s a lot to take in right now. I’ve only known her for a couple of days, and sure I can’t stop thinking about her, the way she smiles, the way she smells… hell if I knew what love really was I’d probably think I love her back. As it is, those I’ve thought I’ve loved in the past have only burned me.
She looks at me with so much hurt and anger in her eyes, but it’s mixed with hope. She wants me to say it back and as much as I feel about her, this is not the time nor place to start planning our future. Terrible men are out to kill us if we don’t give them what they want. We need to keep our heads on straight.
“Listen, Molly, one thing at a time. Brian is your husband, correct?”
“Technically, no…. Since he’s dead.” Her eyebrows furrow and she shakes her head furiously. “Oh hell, I don’t know! What the hell am I supposed to do Tatum!?” She crumbles on the floor. I go to her and wrap her in my arms. Assuring her we’ll figure everything out. It’s all I can do. I need to make some calls. Calls to the people I never wanted to speak to again.
***
Molly falls asleep on the couch shortly after the bomb that she dropped on me. I have a strange sense of euphoria even though we have someone out for us. I’ve found my Molly and my heart no longer hurts. The weight in my chest is gone, now filled with light. There’s a part of me, deep down, that loves her. I know it. I don’t want to accept it, but I know it. I need more time, though. We need to get through this first. She didn’t say the words that she loves me, just that she thinks she’s falling in love with me. That can all change and I don’t want to be the schmuck that falls in love with someone who doesn’t care for him. Not after my past.
I walk out the back door and pull out my phone. His number is no longer programed in my phone, but I will never forget those seven numbers. Dialing the area code, I enter the numbers that I’ve called a million times before. My stomach twists when I hear his voice.
“Yes?” he says lightly, like he knows I’d come crawling back.
“Al.” I can’t bring myself to call him Dad. Not after what he did.
“Did you finally decide the open road isn’t for you? I can have you back at work tomorrow morning. I’ll call Angela and let her know to start your pay again….”
I stop him. “I’m not coming back,” I blurt then curse under my breath. “I need your help.”
I spend the next half hour giving him all of the details I have on this dilemma. He keeps making sounds of agreement at the proper times, obviously taking notes to relay to the right people. My father is one of the most influential men in the country. Not the most legal of ways, but he gets shit done.
“Just don’t let her get hurt, please. I’m doing all I can here, but I need someone with more… roots,” I beg. I’m not beyond begging at this point. Now that I’ve accepted I have deep feelings for Molly…deeper than I probably want to accept, there’s nothing I will stop at to keep her safe.
“Son, you have my word. I will pull every string I have to get the best men on this case. I will contact you when we know more.”
I hang up the phone and curse. Shoving my phone in my pocket I start to pace the back yard. It’s beautiful, a place I could see her living in. Lush with greenery, a patio with a set ready to be used. This place looks lived in, but from everything I’ve seen she hasn’t been back here in years. When Molly wakes up I have to tell her the truth. She may not want to speak to me again, and I’d deserve that, but there’s no more I can do until I tell her the truth. She needs to know who I really am. And if she leaves me, I will stay on this until those asshole men are six feet under.
Molly
I wake up on the couch in my old house, curled under a blanket. I remember Tatum tucking me under it, kissing my forehead, and then I watched him walk outside. I must have been exhausted because I don’t remember much after that. I sit up and glance around for him. He’s sitting at the kitchen table with elbows on the table and head in his hands. He’s so still he almost looks asleep, but when he hears me get up, he lifts his head. I stand, tossing the blanket aside and start to move for him but he stop me.
“I need to talk to you, Molly. You should sit back down.”
I’m still a little out of it from everything that’s happened these past 48 hours, so I nod quietly and sit back down.
“What now?” I ask. Things keep going from bad to worse around here.
“Nothing bad has happened, don’t worry. I need to tell you something that you may not enjoy.” He looks so worried. I’ve never seen him look this fragile before, like saying the wrong thing is going to crumble him. Granted, I haven’t seen a lot of his sides yet since we just met, but I don’t imagine a man like Tatum would show everyone this fragile side of him. 
“I called my father while you were sleeping.”
“Okay, what does that matter?” I shake my head, not understanding the point of this conversation.
“Molly, my father is a very… convincing man. He has a lot of ties all over the globe and is our only hope to get one step ahead of these men.” He’s sitting in the chair across from me now, elbows on his knees and hands swiping through his hair. “Molly, My father is Al Savage.”
I just about fall off the couch.
Al Savage? The Al Savage?
 I don’t say anything for a while, processing what he just told me. Al Savage is not only one of Texas’s wealthiest men, the entire Savage clan is known to be a bit of hard-asses, not letting anyone get in their way of money and getting what they want through any means possible. Any. I only know about the Savages because Brian used to keep up with that type of stuff. Who’s who in the country type of stuff.
“Al Savage has a son,” I whisper, trying to recall all that Brian once told me about the family.  “You only have a little bit of money and were in need of a job when you came to town. How does that work?”
“My name’s Tatum Savage, Molly. I used Nathaniel as my last name on my paperwork. It’s my middle name. I have too much money than is good for anyone and I am using all of my resources available right now to find those assholes who ruined your life and will make them pay.”
He’s looking me in the eyes, pleading with me not to run, not to scream, not to get mad. And really, I’m not mad. I’m scared. I’m scared shitless that I’m now wrapped up in another mob style, thug life, and all I want to do is go home and hide under the covers from all of it. I continue as calmly as I can.
“So what you’re saying is that you lied to me from the get go? You lied to the whole town and now that shit’s hit the fan, you’re getting your mobster DAD to ‘take care of things’? Am I seeing this right, Tatum?” I can’t help it. I hiss out his name. 
“When you say it like that it sounds terrible, I know. All I can ask is that you trust me and trust my family to help. I’m still the clumsy guy who doesn’t know how to work a camera. I’m still the same man who followed you cross country to make sure you were safe. And I’m still the man you’re falling in love with.”
I laugh our a harsh noise. It’s not funny, but I don’t know what else to do. I laugh because my life has gotten so fucked up in the last few days I don’t know which way is up. A few days ago I met a man who turned my world upside down. I was instantly attracted to him like no other man ever. After just days together I knew I loved him. After a day of thinking I’d never see him again he came back for me and my love for him grew. Now, as I think we are going to make it out of this, life smacks me down again, telling me I’m involved with one of the most dangerous families in the United States. Perfect.
“I think you should go,” I manage to whisper.
He looks at me with a defeated look on his face and nods. Getting up to leave, he turns and looks at me again.
“This isn’t over. I won’t give up on you. I know you’re upset, so I’m giving you time to process everything, but we can’t forget about those men out for you. And we can’t just walk away from what we have. You know where to find me.”
With that he walks out of my life.

TWELVE
Tatum
Fucking perfect. I knew she was going to react badly. Any sane person would’ve reacted much worse than she did, but it still stings that she kicked me out. I start up the truck and head out to find some coffee. If I were a drinking man, I’d have a beer or four right now, but drinking doesn’t ever get me anywhere good.
Driving through town, I notice a silver car tailing me. Whoever this is they aren’t being very inconspicuous about it either, almost hitting me a few times. Finally fed up with this man’s antics, I pull over and hop out of the truck.
“What the fuck, man!”
The man in the car slowly gets out of the car looking super pissed. Son of a bitch, I recognize that face. I saw it a lot in Molly’s old files. He smiles like he knows a secret that will ruin me.
“Well, if it isn’t Tatum Savage. Brian Ward.” He narrows his eyes at me.
 “Ah, so you’re the infamous Brian. Killed his baby girl before she was even born and now is after his wife. Or is it widow? I guess that whole area is grey now since you’re unfortunately still alive.” I keep still, knowing that beating the shit out of this man on the side of the road won’t go over well.
“You shut your fucking mouth,” he growls. “You know nothing about me or the things I’ve been through. I on the other hand know all too well about your escapades. You stay the fuck away from her or she’s going to find out the hard way how bad of an idea it was to trust you.”
“We will see about that.”
He gets back in his car and speeds away. Time to start digging into this guy’s past.
The fact that he claims he knows about me rattles me. People know me, yes, especially people in the business. No one, though, knows everything. Eddie’s made sure that’s all been wiped clear. 
What’s this guy got up his sleeve?
After calling Molly three times with no answer, I resolve to drive back to her house. She may not want to be around me, but I have to see her. I can’t shake the feeling that he has gotten to her already and my heart won’t be able to take it if she’s gone. On my way to her house, I call Eddie again.
“Man, I thought you left to stay away from all the trouble?” he answers
“Eddie, I need you. I’ll pay you ten times what you make. Just find me everything you can on Brian Ward.” After quickly rattling off all I know about him, Eddie hangs up with a hefty task.
I need to get to Molly. I need to tell her how I feel. We need to make it out of this. And she needs to know the whole truth about me.
***
 “GOD DAMNIT, EDDIE, SHE’S NOT HERE! Tell me you have something on her husband!” I yell. I don’t know what the fuck to do.
When I got to Molly’s house the front door was wide open. There’s a half drank cup of coffee on the table, just how she drinks it. It’s still warm so it hasn’t been too long.
“Fuck,” he sighs and groans. “Savage, this man’s hard to read. Money coming from who knows where, no current residence on file, not even a cell to trace. He obviously knows what he’s doing.”
“You’re not making me happy, Eddie. Tell me something useful. No results, no money!” I hang up and throw my phone across the room.
Walking out the front door, I glance around. The front porch is hidden by overgrown bushes, but the sidewalk cuts straight through the front yard. If they went out the front with her, someone would have had to see it.
I need to find this fucker. I have a terrible feeling about this and coming from a crime filled family, I know about these feelings.
***
After two hours of talking with neighbors, I have nothing. I find it odd that they didn’t even know Molly was in the house to begin with. It’s not like we were hiding the fact that she was back. It’s starting to get dark and I still have no clue where she is. My heart hurts, my head is racing through all of the terrible possibilities, and I can’t stop moving.
My phone rings from my pocket and as much as I don’t want to, I answer it. 
“Please tell me you can help me,” I plea. I know things went south between us, but he’s still blood and in our world that means everything. I hate it, but I need him and his name to make it through this. It will be the end of me if I lose her. 
“Don’t worry. We know who took her and have a good idea on where she would be. These are low-level criminals. They already have enough blood on their hands from the death a few years ago of her baby; they aren’t going to kill her. Before we go any further, though, I need to tell you, son, this is messed up. This man you’re dealing with is not right. He faked a death, had his baby killed before she was even born, and let his wife believe he died as well. All seemingly for a few drugs and half a million bucks. Money runs this man’s life.”
Those were the most words I’ve heard out of my father’s mouth in months.
“I need to know where she is. I need her, dad.” I run my hands through my hair and curse. The woman that stole my heart from the very first sarcastic comment might be gone forever if I can’t step up my game.
“It’s that serious, son? You only just met her.”
“She’s my world. There’s no life I imagine that doesn’t have her in it.”
“I am afraid you’ve fallen in love with her. I remember feeling the same way about your mother. Don’t worry, Tatum, we’ll get her back. I’m pulling everything I have to make it happen.”
“I know. I need her back I need to tell her. I—” I’m starting to freak out. This doesn’t happen. Nate Savage does not freak out.
“Son, you will. I will make sure of it. I need to start being a better man to you. Hopefully one day you will forgive me, but in the meantime I’ll do whatever I can to show you I love you.”
The phone goes silent and I set it on the counter, staring at the screen. I feel empty without her here. I feel like I shouldn’t feel like this, but I do. 
I need to find her.

THIRTEEN
Molly
He actually walked out the door. I know I asked him to leave, but I didn’t really want him to leave me alone here in this house. I can’t be here, but I don’t know where else to go. Everything has changed now that I know Brian’s been alive this whole time. There are so many questions I have, but all I can feel at this moment is the loss from Tatum walking out of my life. My heart aches and I feel the beginning of a panic attack that he isn’t coming back.
I knew there was more to him when he showed up at the coffee shop a few days ago. I just wasn’t prepared for the blow that he sent when he told me his family was the Savages of Texas. I don’t think there’s any American citizen that hasn’t heard of them. Word is, his father is gruesome and unforgiving. One wrong move against the Savages and when they find you, (there are no ‘ifs’ with this family) you’ll wish you had done yourself in before they found you. Tatum can’t be involved with them. He’s too gentle and caring. He listens, he helps, he adores me, and I know it.
The need to see him grows inside of me. I wish I never had kicked him out. He’s been nothing but kind to me. There has to be an explanation of why he lied like he did.
When the doorbell finally rings I sigh in relief. Having him here with me will at least make me a little less jittery. Knowing that Brian’s out there and needs to talk with me about something has me on edge that he’s going to pull something. Something bad.
I walk to the front door and swing it open, ready to get back into his embrace and figure this mess out together. 
Weird. No one’s here.
I take a step out onto the porch to glance around but don’t see anyone. When I turn to head back inside, I’m grabbed by my waist. I scream but whoever it is throws their hand over my mouth and shoves a bag over my head then throws me over their shoulder. 
Fuck fuck fuck!
This can’t be happening! I try fighting them off but they’re much stronger than I am. It’s no use. With the bag over my head, they toss me in the back of a vehicle. I try to wriggle free but another paid of hands grabs my wrists and ties them together with what sounds like a zip-tie. I strain my ears as the car speeds away, trying to recognize something about the voices in the car but it’s useless. 
I don’t know how long it’s been or where we’re going. The driver keeps turning and speeding up, then slamming on the brakes. I’m sure they’re doing it to confuse me, but I still have no clue who I’m even with. Assuming it’s the same people that came to Illinois to look for me, I start running through the scenarios in my head.
First thing that comes to mind is that they want the money and think stealing me is the way to go. Maybe they found out who Tatum is and want to hold me for ransom. Brian’s alive, though, so he would be the better option of finding the money.
God…those words. Brian’s alive. I felt like I saw a ghost when he was in my house. I’ve never known rage like that. Rage, and pure fear.  Dammit, I still need to talk to him. Maybe he’s undercover for the police, working the good guy angle, trying to get in and do a bust when things go south. That’s what I’m going to choose to believe because right now I don’t think I can handle the thought that he’s been one of them all along. Thinking back, I had my blinders on during our whole marriage. I wanted a baby and my photography studio. I was doing as much work on those as I could, but anything outside of my little daily world didn’t matter much. He could have been mixed up with them and I never would have known.
 The more I think about this, the faster my breathing becomes. I still have something over my head, which freaks me out even more, and I start to gasp for air. My hands are still tied so I can’t get the bag off of my head. I’m gasping for air now, the bag not helping the attack. I can’t breathe or move and I think I’m going to die like this.
“Take it off, she’s having a panic attack!” a man’s voice booms from somewhere in the vehicle.
Someone rips the bag off of my head and I open my eyes, trying to get them adjusted. It’s dark, but with my head no longer covered I can focus on my breathing. Deep breath in, deep breath out. I do this a few times and things seem to normalize in the breathing department. Not to say this is normal, though.
Once I’m calm enough and the attack gone, I look around. I immediately recognize the man sitting across from me, grinning from ear to ear. The bastard that shot me. I don’t think I’ll ever forget his face. It’s etched in my memory permanently, just like the events of that night. That terrible night my husband and baby were taken from me in one instant. 
Well, I thought my husband. Apparently he’s alive and kicking. And now I want to murder him for putting me through all of this.
The van slams the breaks on and I have to try to stay upright as we come to a screeching halt. Looking around, I see Brian glaring at me from the front seat and my stomach drops. He’s been here this whole time? He’s letting these men treat me like this?
“Dammit, Molly, you just have to be weak, don’t you?” he growls, shaking his head.
“What do you want?” I yell, thrashing at the ties on my wrists. It hurts, but not more than the pain knowing that he’s behind this whole thing. 
Brian instructs the other man, the one I remember from that night, to take me inside. He grabs me by the arm so hard that I’ll definitely have marks, and he pulls me out of the van. The alley is covered and I can’t tell where we are. I stumble inside, where I get quickly dispensed into a totally empty room. I have to pee. I can’t believe that’s the first thing on my mind, but I’m about to piss myself if I can’t go. My hands are still tied, though, and I don’t see a bathroom anywhere.
“Brian?!” I yell. I keep yelling until someone opens the door to the cave I’ve been thrown in.
“I need to pee,” I say, not taking my eyes off of his.
He curses and grabs my other arm. I’m going to be so bruised after this, asshole! He pulls me down the hallway and dumps me in the bathroom. He cuts the ties around my wrists. As he does so the knife catches my right arm and slices deep. It fucking hurts and I instinctively haul around to punch him. The look in his eyes stops me cold, though. He meant to do it. Of course.
“Oops,” he deadpans before slamming the door.
Inside the bathroom, I rinse my arm and wrap it with toilet paper to try to get the bleeding to stop. My adrenaline must be racing because it doesn’t really hurt anymore, but it is so deep it won’t stop bleeding. For what feels like hours, I stand there applying pressure to my arm, trying to get the bleeding to at least slow down. My head starts to swim with everything that’s gone on these last few days. How did I get into this mess? Why can’t things just be normal in my life? I married a man who obviously wasn’t telling the truth about anything, but that was years ago. Lifetimes ago. Why can’t they just leave me be in my small town halfway across the country? 
Sighing, I change the toilet paper wrapped around my arm, tossing the blood soaked piece in the trash. After relieving myself, I open the door to a very menacing looking man. Re-tying my hands behind my back, the zip ties cut into my skin again. Asshole. He shoves me to walk, but we don’t walk back to the cave. He takes me past it and into another room. Unsurprisingly Brian is waiting for me with a drink in one hand and the other on the table, waiting for me I assume.
“Molly,” he states, like this is a normal meeting. “We need to have a little chat.”
“I don’t have any words for you, Brian. Or is that really your name?” I’m not playing his games.
“You can call me Brian if you wish. People around here call me ‘boss man’ though. See, I’ve got a lot of people looking after things.”
I glare at him, waiting. He’s so full of himself. What happened to the man I married?
“You need to tell me where the money is, Molly.”
“Fuck you.”
“Going to be difficult, huh? I was hoping that wouldn’t be the case, but as you wish.”
He nods and a man comes out of the corner who’s currently wielding a pair of scissors, but I know there has to be more. This is it. It’s my death by torture for unknowingly being married to an evil man. He walks over and cuts the ties around my wrist. Instinct kicks in. I can’t die. I have to get out of here. I start throwing punches and kicks, trying to stop the man from doing his job. It’s a useless battle, however, as he has a weapon and is easily 50 pounds heavier than I. He stabs my left arm in his attempt to grab my flailing body parts. Dammit that hurts! Wincing from the pain gives him just enough time to grab my arms with one hand and hold the knife to my throat.
“Why, Brian? Why are you doing this? Why did you do what you did? I don’t understand any of this!” I scream. I’m becoming hysterical and don’t care. I don’t know what the hell he’s talking about, or why he’s still alive, or why my baby had to die, but he got to live.
“If he releases you, will you behave?” The low growl that comes out of him silences my panic. He’s pissed.
I nod.
Brian tells the man to let me go and waves me over to the chair. I really want to take a drink from the glass that was waiting for me, but I don’t trust him. He notices my hesitation and grabs the glass, taking a sip and swallowing, showing me it’s just plain water.
“I guess you do have questions, don’t you? Where to start… hmm.” He sits, staring at me. I wait patiently, all the while both of my arms are throbbing from the slices on them and my shirt is slowly being covered in blood. They must have hit a vein because I’m not sure I’m supposed to be bleeding this much. God, I’m getting dizzy.
“So you see, I never actually worked for a metal company. You married me when I was just beginning in this trade and by the time I was fully in, you were so naïve that I didn’t have to tell you any different. You wanted your business and a baby. Everyone knew it. You were content so I didn’t stir the pot.”
I sit perfectly still, listening to his words, but not really processing them. Things start to blur after that. I hear about the deal that went south, the money that went missing and blamed on Brian. He gleefully tells me he was behind the missing money the whole time and was going to use it to buy us a bigger house in a better area. Brian knew what was going to happen, though, when his boss at the time found out. He didn’t know when, but he knew once they found out about the missing load they would come after us. He knew and he didn’t do anything about it. He could have taken us out of the area. He could have gone to the cops, but no. He stayed and watched his baby be killed. Then to top off everything, he made his wife believe he was murdered as well, just to get a little bit of money back and start over.
He stays very still, not taking his eyes off of mine. I know he’s in there somewhere. I will never forgive him for what he did, but the man in front of me isn’t the man I married. They only shot him because he freaked when I was shot and tried attacking the men. Apparently he had connections in the hospital that helped him fake his death so he could get back at the leader. Scary how deep his ties run in this area. About a year after the incident he was able to take down the top man of the operation and take over as the boss under a new persona. He’s now on a mission to find the missing money and make everyone involved in what happened pay. He said he had the money all packed away and hidden from the rest of the gang, only him and one other person knew about it and that guy died about a month after Brian got out of the hospital. When he finally got back around to getting it, the money was gone. He’s been searching for it ever since.
It’s then that I throw up on him. I can’t take any more. So much of my life that I thought was everything I wanted is a lie. The thought that he’s the reason those men killed my baby make me so sick I puke… right on his legs.
Apparently puking on the ‘boss man’s’ legs is a bad idea. Honestly, I didn’t really have a choice. It had to go somewhere. Immediately he grabs my arm right on my wound and gets in my face.
“Ah!” I gasp in pain but his face twists in some evil smirk.
It’s at this point that I should be scared. He looks menacing and all I can think about is why I married him in the first place. His hair’s balding at the ripe age of 30. He doesn’t have a tight jawline, nor does he have any of the muscles under that flab.
Growling, he gets in my face. “You little weak bitch. I should have finished you when I had the chance! I hate you for letting her die. It took you three days to fucking wake up, and by the time you did she was already dead and I couldn’t stand to look at you. You have always been worthless.” He throws me down, hard, onto the ground. Between my bruising upper arms and cuts on both forearms, I don’t have much of a chance in catching myself and I fall face down onto the hard floor. Fuck.
****
I must have hit my head hard, because next thing in know, I’m being thrown out of a van in my old front yard. Jesus, these men don’t know how to do anything graceful. Slowly, I get up and make my way to the door. How I’m still standing at this point is beyond me. I can feel my pulse in both of my arms, and they’re both starting to hurt pretty badly. I need to get inside and get them clean, maybe take some aspirin. Jesus this is all so fucked up.
The door is unlocked so I walk in and freeze.
He stayed. For me.


FOURTEEN
Tatum
She’s just standing there, not moving and staring at me, eyes wide, like she’s asking me to make it all better, but I don’t know how. There’s so much blood and I hope to GOD it isn’t hers, but the way she’s hunched over and cradling her arms makes me think that it is. I slowly walk towards her, not wanting to startle her. Just as I get within arm’s reach, she collapses. I react just fast enough to catch her on her way down. We sink to the floor, sobs wracking her body. I hold her tight, listening to her cry and letting my heart break. I start to consider all the ways I’ll make this man pay for what he’s done to her. Drag his ass back to Texas and I have a world of torture devices at my fingertips.
After what seems to be an eternity, she whispers, “It was Brian. All along it was him.”
I don’t talk. I need answers, but right now she needs to get cleaned up and possibly see a doctor. “Shh, don’t worry about that. You’re alive. That’s all that matters.” And it is. She’s alive and I can breathe again.
Picking her up into my arms, she winces when I press her arm to my body. I make a mental note to check each and every place on her body for marks from those assholes.
We get to the bathroom and I make a move to leave her so she can have some privacy to get undressed, but her voice stops me.
“Please don’t go,” she whispers as she looks down.
Instead, I nod and stand there, watching her struggle to get out of her clothes. I end up helping her out of her shirt and pants, noting the bruises and scrapes along the way. The worst part is her left arm, where she was stabbed. The right arm looks like it has stopped bleeding, but the left hasn’t closed up and is still dripping blood. I know she needs to see a doctor, but right now I need her here with me more than anything. It may be selfish, but I thought I lost her. We need a little time before reality hits again.
Once the water is warm, we move into the shower. Not able to use her arms for much due to the cuts and bruises, I grab the soap and start cleaning her back first. What would normally be something sensual and erotic as hell has me plotting the dismemberment of each of those fuckers that did this to her. Knife scrapes, stab wounds, a black eye, bruises all over her arms. The only thing that keeps me from going over the edge is the fact that there are no bruises from her waist down. She has some nasty bruising starting on her abdomen, though. My god, she’s been through hell today and yet she is still standing in front of me, holding herself up.
When I turn her, she instinctively moves her arms around her abdomen, trying to hide the obvious scar from so many years ago. I pause, looking her in the eyes.
“You have nothing to hide, Molly,” I whisper. “You’re the most beautiful person I know. Inside and out. Everyone has flaws, but that’s what makes you perfect. Your body tells me a story of how strong you are and how much you have lived through. It makes you you. I wouldn’t want you any other way.”
Her eyes start to glisten again and I do the only thing I know to do. I kiss her. I kiss her like her life depends on it. She stands there, not moving her arms, not moving closer. A little piece of my heart breaks for her. I need my Molly back, and dammit I’ll do anything it takes to get her.
After her shower, Molly lays down on the bed. We bandaged up her arm as best as I could since she’s refusing to go to the hospital. After a battle of the wills, I won and she agreed to lay down if I did with her. I have work that needs to be done, but I can’t tell her no. I lay with her as she falls asleep in my arms. Rage builds inside me for the amount of damage those men caused in a few short hours. My biggest questions though, is why the dropped her off? Why’d they let her go?
I hear my phone buzzing on the bathroom sink so after sliding out from under her, I rush over as quiet as I can to answer it. Before I can get a word out, I hear his voice. Brian.
“Consider this a warning, Tatum. Keep the fuck out of our business and we won’t have any other problems.” The call ends. That motherfucker. Yea right I’m going to stay away. He just put a target on his ugly ass, balding head!
I call the first person that comes to mind.
“Son, any news?”
“Yea, she’s home.” Home. Why did I use those words? It felt… right. That’s why. “They did a number on her. Knife wounds, bruises. There was so much blood.”
“I am glad to hear she’s home. I have my men on their way up there right now to help you out. Whatever you need, I am just a phone call away.”
“Thanks, and listen. He knows me. He knows of our family and how I’m involved in this now. I just got a call from him telling me to stay the fuck away. Naturally, as you know, that makes me want to finish this once and for all. He knows about everything, or so he says.”
The line is silent for a moment. “Well then, let’s just get them before they get us, right? And before you get too far into this, son, you need to tell her. Everything.”
“I know. I will. Thank you, dad,” I say, without even blinking at the term.
The call ends and I walk back into the bedroom. She’s still asleep soundly, curled up in the blankets. I check on her arm as best I can, then make a few calls. If she won’t go see a doctor, I’ll just have to bring one to her.
Molly
Everything hurts. I don’t even want to open my eyes for a fear that last night was a dream. If I’m still in that hellhole, I might end it myself. I lay here for a minute, taking in the aches and pains. Apparently I’m pretty beat up. I can’t make out where one pain starts and the others begin. I know both of my arms are down for the count, which really sucks for my photography. Looks like I’ll be taking more time off than I thought.
Finally getting enough courage to open my eyes, I do so and immediately regret it. The light coming in from the window sends shooting pains all the way to the back of my head and I hiss as the pain.
Well at least it wasn’t a dream last night.
Asleep in the chair next to my bed is Tatum. Wearing a pair of running shorts and a white t-shirt he looks just as handsome in his sleep as he does wide-awake. I still am in awe that he stayed for me. We have a long road ahead of us and I pray that he stays with me through it all.
I lie there and try to figure out where I went wrong. I thought everything in my life was figured out, and then Brian happened. Now here I am, again in this house, bloodied and bruised by his hand. What did I do in my life to deserve this? 
I feel a tear streak down my cheek and I sniffle, slowly reaching up to wipe it off. 
“Hey,” Tatum whispers, rushing to the bedside and reaching for me, resting his hand on my shoulder and smoothing my hair back. “You doing ok?” 
“That’s a stupid question.” I sigh and roll to face him as he shifts to lay next to me.
“How’s the pain?” He lets his eyes trail my bandages that he so expertly wrapped my arms in last night and I manage a grin. 
“Actually not too terrible. You’re a pretty good doctor.” I smirk. 
He looks at me with those dark eyes of his and grins. “You’re kind of badass, you know that?”
“You barely know me, Mr. Savage,” I grin, trying to lighten the mood. He chuckles and shakes his head.
“I want to know more, Molly,” he whispers, then presses his lips to mine gently before pulling pack. I look at him, puzzled.
“What’s wrong?” I ask, slowly bringing my hand to his face. The ache in them is nothing compared to the panic that’s starting to resonate through my body.
He doesn’t want me.
“I just…” he sighs and runs his hand down his face. “I want to taste you, Molly. I want to cherish you, and enjoy you, and do everything to you that I’ve been wanting to do since the first time I laid eyes on you.” He whispers the words that start to slow the panic attack, but make other parts of my body warm up. “I want to do all of it, but I’m such a tool because you’re hurt,” he says, then takes my arms and gently lays kisses on the bandages. His lips on me makes my entire body tingle. It’s been way too long.
“I’m not broken, Tatum.” I whisper, pressing my lips to his.
 “One day, Molly. You’ve been through so much. One day,” he says then leans in and gently kisses my lips, then pulls back. His eyes lock with mine. “Not today.” He presses his lips to mine again and shifts to wrap his arms around me in bed. 
I’m ok with this. He’s comfortable, and if I’m being honest with myself I do ache too much to truly enjoy him. 
Our first time needs to be more special that I can give right now. 
***
The next time I wake up, I don’t know what day it is, nor can I tell if it is morning or night. The curtains are drawn tight and the lights are off. Tatum’s laying with his back next to me in bed, deep breaths coming from him tell me he is sound asleep. I try my hardest to help myself out of bed, all while not waking him up. I can’t believe how much pain my abdomen is in, so sitting up with the help of those muscles is out.
“Do you enjoy pain, Molly?” Tatum says in his sexy as hell sleepy voice.
“No, I enjoy being able to take care of myself. Apparently, that’s just too must to ask,” I huff. Yes, I need his help and I’m not ashamed anymore to say that I love his help, but it still pisses me off that I can’t do it myself.
After Tatum helps me out of bed, he escorts me to the bathroom and gives me a little alone time. My entire body hurts. I’m scared to look in the mirror, but I need to get cleaned up. A few brushes through my mess of hair will have to do, and a change of clothes will at least make me feel fresh. Coming out of the bathroom, I move down the hall towards the living room. I hear voices and immediately tense up. What if they’re here? What if they came back for me and instead are taking Tatum? Before the panic attack settles in for the long haul, I walk slowly towards the noise, fighting the urge to run.


FIFTEEN
Tatum
Mere hours ago I thought I’d never see her again, but now that she’s back I plan on doing everything I can to finish this and spend the rest of my life making her see how much I love her. There’s just one tiny problem I need to get out of the way first.
One problem that could force us apart for good.
Dialing my dad, his number goes straight to voicemail. I need his advice. He’s the only other one that knows the truth about what happened that night and I need him to talk me through how I’m going to tell her my biggest secret.
***
2 years ago
Candace walks into the room and looks at me with those giant eyes I’m growing passive to. I really don’t feel like fighting after the day I had at work today and I couldn’t care less if she threatened to leave again like she does ever other week.
“I have news,” she says, walking towards me with her tits spilling out of the top she’s wearing. She keep smacking her gum and smiling at me like it’s cute that she can’t chew with her mouth closed.
“Spill it, I’ve got somewhere to be.” I know I’m being a jackass to her but lately I don’t give a damn. She’s turned me into this monster. 
“You are going to be a daddy!” She squeals and my eyes about pop out of my head.
“What the fuck are you talking about?” I growl, feeling my face getting hot. This doesn’t happen. Tatum Savage doesn’t get girls pregnant. I’m way more cautious than that.
“I haven’t had my period yet and I’m about a week late, baby. Aren’t you excited!?” 
I huff and roll my eyes, then storm out of the house. Fuck to the no. 
***
I’m brought out of my flashback by a car door slamming. I look out the window and see a familiar figure stalking towards the house. Before our guest is able to ring the doorbell, I open the door.
“Father.” I nod and let him inside. It shouldn’t surprise me that he’s here right now. I know my father well enough to know that he’s not going to sit idly by and let someone else help take care of this. 
He follows me to the living room and sits on the black rocking chair. I smile at the thought of him being a grandpa, but can’t bring a picture of what it would be like in my head.
I stare at him. While I’m appreciative that he’s helping us out in this bizarre situation, I haven’t seen him in a while and I can’t shake the anger towards him. Anger for what he did to my life, and for how he treated me afterwards.
“We need to stay quiet, she’s got a pretty bad headache.”
My father smiles and nods silently. He’s greying almost all over his head now, but somehow the aging hair makes him look even more powerful. He snaps his fingers and the man standing quietly at his back moves forward.
“This is Ian. He’s to stay with you at all times. Appointed to both you and Molly as protection detail. The things we have found about this gang are enough to fear for your life and the life of the woman you love. I need you to realize this.”
“I get it, pop. They took her, you know. They cut her up, bruised her, beat her, and sent her back just to show me that they can.”
“There will be no leaving this house without Ian. For either of you.” I could fight him on it, but I’ve never won any argument with him. Grinning, I realize this means Molly and I will be cooped up together for days. This could be fun after all.
“Fine, but tell me what you know. How are we going to finish this?”
“Son, you have ears listening. Why don’t you invite her in and let’s get introductions out of the way.”
He’s right, Molly’s standing in the doorway now, eyes wide and frozen in place.
“Um… hi,” she whispers. Looking at me, she adds, “Is this your father? In my house?”
She looks so weak standing there. I rush over and help her to the couch.
“Baby, you need to take it easy. You shouldn’t be walking around by yourself.”
The look I get from her shuts me up immediately.
“Hi, I’m Molly Ward.” She reaches out gently to shake my father’s hand.
“Al Savage, nice to finally meet you, Ms. Ward.”
“Molly, my father came here to help settle things with Brian and the gang involved in the kidnapping.”
“Thank you for that, Mr. Savage. I appreciate you taking time out of your busy…uh… schedule to help us.” As she speaks, her eyes narrow. I can tell she isn’t happy with him being here. Who would be though? Al Savage is nothing short of the scariest man in the country. Hell, his flesh and blood are even scared of him.
“It is my pleasure, Molly. It is okay that I call you that?” he asks. She nods and he continues. “Molly, before we go any further, I can tell you my son really cares about you. He is struggling with something at the moment, however. Something that is in his past and can’t be changed. Something that you need to know before going any further in his relationship with you. I will give you two the updates I have on the gang as soon as you are looked over by my personal doctor and you speak with Tatum.”
With that, he walks out of the room. My father is a strong man and he also knows how to get right to the point. Blunt and controlling.
Molly
Well, at least it isn’t Brian and his men again. Al Savage, however, isn’t much better. I feel like I need to get out the fine china for such a powerful man. Everything he is saying is going way over my head at the moment, until he mentions a doctor and walks out of the room. I look at Tatum and he is staring at the door that his father just walked out of, rubbing his jaw.
“What was he talking about, Tatum?”
At this moment, the man I’m assuming is the doctor comes walking into the room, talking a hundred miles an hour. He checks me out, gives me a few stitches and medicine that will control an infection that has started, as well as some painkillers. Rest and more rest are his final words, and he leaves us alone.
“You mind telling me what is going on?” I snap. I probably don’t want to know whatever it is he has to tell me, but I need to hear it so we can get on with this investigation and get Brian off my back. “I said no doctor and I don’t appreciate your father being in my house without me even knowing about it. Now apparently there is something so big that you need to tell me it has put our investigation of Brian on hold.”
He looks at me, eyes wide and mouth slightly open.
“I’ve never seen you so mad.” He gapes. “It’s adorable.” A grin slowly spreads on his beautiful face 
“Not funny. I said no doctors, Tatum.”
“All I want is for you to be safe. If that means going against your will at times then so be it. Luckily the doctor did come along since you have an infection already starting. And, Molly, if anyone is going to get to the bottom of this, it is my father. I hate it as much as you do, but he’s a powerful man with ties everywhere.”
I stare at him, unmoving. He knows what I want, but he’s dancing around it for some reason. Finally he sighs and leans forward, resting his elbows on his knees. 
“Molly, I left home because something in my past was keeping me from being the man I wanted to be. It was ruining me, turning me into someone else,” he says, rubbing his hands together.
He moves and sits next to me on the couch, but doesn’t touch me yet.
“When you told me about losing your daughter, I felt a connection to you immediately. I didn’t tell you because you were hurting so much, so to tell you my story seemed silly at the time.”
“You know the darkest parts of my life and you’re still here, Tatum. There’s nothing you can say to me that’ll make me run now.”
“I know that now, Molly, but when we first met I was running away from everything and didn’t know who I could trust. I know now that my story may not be the happiest of stories, but it is my past and I have to live with it every day of my life.” He takes a breath then continues. “Molly, a few years ago I had a girlfriend. We weren’t serious and I had probably cheated on her a dozen times. I didn’t care. I was an asshole. I used protection every time, but somehow she ended up getting pregnant. I wasn’t ready to be a father when she told me. I was mad at her and couldn’t believe her until I saw the test done at the doctor’s office. That tiny heartbeat, Dammit. The tiniest of blips on the screen and I was hooked. That baby changed something in me. I was reading the pregnancy books, buying the baby things before we even knew if it was a boy or girl. I couldn’t help myself. I was in love with a blip.”
Tatum pauses and takes a breath. His eyes are shining with unshed tears before he goes on.
“All I wanted was to spend my days with the baby. When he was born I cried. I cried harder than I had my entire adult life. I helped make this tiny miracle.”
Tears are welling in my eyes, threatening to spill over any minute. Tatum has a child. A life somewhere else that doesn’t involve me. As I feel my heart beginning to break, he goes on.
“His mother, though, didn’t want me. She was finished with me the minute she got pregnant, but since he was mine, I had every right that she did. Plus I was a fountain of money to her. Once he was born, she filed for full custody. He was about two weeks old when the papers were filed. She and I had a huge fight and she stormed out of my house. I’m not sure what happened next, all I remember were the cops showing up at my door.” 
He pauses and clears his throat. The pain on this man’s face is more than I can bare and I let a tear slip down my cheek for his hurt. He shakes his head and clears his throat again but his eyes are red rimmed and threatening to let the tears slip through.
“Apparently she was so angry she forgot to click the car seat into the car correctly and when she ran the red light next to my house, the car was hit on the baby’s sides. You can imagine what happened.” He says it all so fast it takes a moment for me to register what I think he’s saying. 
That’s when I let the waterworks break. He didn’t think this was a huge event!? This is something you tell someone. I don’t know what to say so I don’t say anything. I just hold onto his hand for dear life, knowing the story isn’t over.
“His mother was killed on contact. Apparently not wearing a seat belt is a pretty good way to get killed in an accident. The baby was airlifted to the closest children’s hospital. I was notified once he got there. Being so young and tiny there wasn’t much they could do for him. He was not buckled into his car seat correctly, plus he wasn’t snapped into the car. She had done everything wrong, all because I picked a fight with her before she left. He had swelling on his brain and was fighting for his tiny life when I arrived. They let me hold his hand. His tiny hand… that didn’t grasp on to me anymore.” He’s crying, but goes on. “I buried my son a week later. They couldn’t help any more than they had.”
My God.
“I’m…. Jesus,” I whisper, not knowing what to say. We’ve both suffered the loss of a child. We both know what it’s like to lose the one thing you love most in this world.
“That’s not all, Molly. The same day, the same intersection, the same time…my father was in a car accident. Someone ran a red light and he side swiped them.”
I gasp. That isn’t possible. No one should go through that much trauma in one day.
“No, don’t tell me he….”
“Yep.” He nods. “He hit her car which resulted in the death of my baby boy.”
We sit here in silence for who knows how long before he finally quietly says, “That day changed me. I wasn’t taking life for granted anymore. Yes, I was angry with my father. Things will never be the same between us, but I also know he isn’t to blame. I now understand I am not to blame either. For the longest time I blamed myself for making her angry and causing her to forget everything she did, but I know now that isn’t the reason. It’s taken me a while, but I’m finally at peace with everything.”
“What was his name?” I ask. “It’s important to be able to say their name, even when you think you are at peace.”
“Charlie. Charles Nathaniel Savage. She wanted him to have my last name. Opportunities and all.” He shakes his head. “You’re the first I’ve talked to about this in well over a year.” He blinks a few times an d his eyes hit mine. I feel more connected to this man I just met than I’ve ever felt to anyone in my entire life.
“I’m glad you chose to tell me. I know how difficult it can be, bringing it all back up. Sometimes you wish you can forget, but you never do. Not a day goes by that I don’t think about what my life would have been like with Alice.”
“I didn’t ever want to be a dad before Charlie. Then when I lost him it was like my life didn’t have meaning before. Like everything I did didn’t matter before he came along.”
“I know exactly how you feel,” I mutter, nodding and glancing down at the floor. Losing my baby, my husband, and almost my life in one day really put a damper on my mental state for the longest time. 
 “Will we ever be able to get past what happened to us, or are we both too damaged to have our happily ever after?” he asks quietly.
That is the first I’ve heard him speak of wanting a happily ever after and it warms a part of my heart that I thought died a long time ago.
“You’re right, you know. We are both damaged. But who is to say that we don’t deserve a happy future? With the right people in the right circumstances… I still believe.” I lean over for a kiss. He takes my face gently between his hands and kisses me back. It is a lighter kiss than we shared earlier, but just as sweet and emotional.
“What I don’t understand,” I ask, “Is why your father thought this needed to happen now, when there are men out there for our blood?”
“He almost lost my mother over something that happened before they were married. Something that he should have told her, but chose not to. He may be a ruthless, take no prisoners type of man, but he’s a softie when it comes to love.”
Love.
“Tatum…”
“Molly… just... Listen. It may seem soon to some, but I can’t go another day without telling you. I love you, Molly Ward. I knew it the first time I met you in the park, when I made a jackass out of myself. You’re the first girl that’s ever been real with me. The first girl who sees me for me, and not as a giant bank account. I love you, Molly. I see a future with you. I want a future with you. When you were taken… well there was a time I thought I’d never see you again. I know men like Brian. Hell, I used to be one. All I could think about was that I never told you how I felt. I don’t want any more time to go by with you wondering how I feel. This is real, Molly. I love you.”
With tears welling up in my eyes, I smile back at him.
“I love you too, Tatum. I’m not just saying it because of the medicine, or the situation. I’m not saying it just to be saying it back. I love you. I want our happily ever after.” The tears start to fall and he holds me there on the couch.
I don’t know how much time passes before I hear his father walk into the room.
“Well, glad that’s out of the way. Now, let’s get down to business.”

SIXTEEN
Tatum
It feels good getting that off of my chest. I haven’t said his name out loud in a year and telling Molly took a weight off my shoulders. It’s like she and I are one now. A team. Stronger together. My dad has been talking for about an hour now about Brian and his establishment. Apparently Brian’s gang has ties that reach as far south as Texas. None intertwine with my father’s business, but he knows enough people that owe him favors it wasn’t hard for him to find out more information.
After Brian’s funeral, he took on a new name and new identity as Matt Diego. The men in his control have all been led to believe that this Matt character is one of Brian’s long lost cousins. Only a few know his real secret, and they aren’t talking. The money was supposed to be in a bank account off shores, but when he contacted the bank, there was no money in the account. Furious, Matt set off to find it. Now believing that his wife at the time knew about it, he is stalking her until he finds the money.
The good thing about my father is that he can get more than the story. He is a real people person when he turns on the charm.
“Your parents, Molly, do you know how they are doing lately?”
“No, I haven’t spoken to them in… a very long time. They didn’t ever approve of me being with Brian. I saw them in the hospital, but haven’t spoken to them since I left town.”
“I think maybe you should. Reach out to them. That’s all I can say for now.”
Molly then shares her parts of the story from the capture. It helps tie things together as to how Brian has as much power, but it still doesn’t answer the question as to where the money went and why he thinks Molly has anything to do with it. After we exchange our own opinions, my father leaves to get some rest. He’ll check in with the team in the morning and get the ball rolling on ending this.
Molly looks weaker as time goes by. Her bandages from the doctor are turning red in spots and she looks like she is in pain, though I know she would never complain.
“You need rest, Mol. Take some of those meds and lay down. I’ll be right here.”
“I can’t, Tatum. Every time I close my eyes lately, I get some type of flashback. Something that I don’t feel like reliving. I can’t do it,” she whispers. She’s so strong on the outside, but she’s hurting every day from what happened to her. In her eyes, her body failed her, just as my anger failed me in regards to my child’s life. We both know our feelings are unfounded, and reality tells us that we are not the reason we lost those precious moments, but it still runs through your head daily. The what-ifs will eat her alive, especially now that Brian is back in the picture.
“I’ll lie with you. How does that sound?” I ask, hoping that will be good enough to get her to rest.
She nods her head and I help her to the bedroom. Leaving all clothes on, we lay together in bed. Sleeping with women used to not include sleeping at all. If the women I had in my bed fell asleep, I would wake them to leave. It just didn’t happen. Laying here with Molly, I’m overcome with a sense of peace and fullness that I have never experienced before.
She makes me feel like I’m actually worth something.
****
Apparently I was more tired than I thought. I used to be able to stay up all night, but now that I’ve found so much comfort in Molly, I fell asleep before her breathing evened out. Next thing I know, my phone’s screaming at me some god-awful noise.
“What,” I snap into what I thought was my phone
“That’s the alarm clock, Tatum. Your phone is on the dresser,” Molly says, half asleep and half trying not to laugh at me.
“Har, har.” I get up and answer
“Tatum. You know the routine. This ends tonight,” my father’s voice booms, then cuts off. He is so cryptic sometimes. All I know is that something is happening tonight, something big.
“Who was it?” She asks, slowly trying to sit up in bed.
“My father. He is ending this tonight. I don’t know his plan, or what is going to happen, but I do know this: you will be staying here.”
“Over my dead body! You can’t keep me here while you all go out into the eye of the storm! You and me together. Remember?”
This is going to be harder than I thought. Keeping Molly here will be tricky and I may just have to play dirty, but there is no way that I’m letting him get to her again. There is also no way Molly is going to see the type of work that I’m used to doing. They say love conquers all, but I’m not sure even she would stay after knowing just what type of business I’m wrapped into.
“Molly, listen, whatever’s happening tonight, you can’t be there. I won’t have a straight mind knowing you’re in harm’s way.” She doesn’t know how much I actually do for my father. I’m not ashamed of it… it only happens when there are no other options, but having her there will not go over good with everyone else. “Promise me, Molly. I would hate to tie you to this bed until I get back.”
She’s glaring at me now and if eyes could send daggers through the room I would have at least three in me by now.
“You wouldn’t.”
“Don’t tempt me. Promise me you will stay here.”
After a moment of a stare down between two unbelievably stubborn people, she gives in. “Fine. You win this time, Mr. Savage. And only because I’m battered and highly medicated right now.”
“Don’t remind me. I may have to tear a few extra limbs off these men tonight as payback.”
She laughs and rolls over. I know she’s tired and the medicine she is on is keeping her in bed a little longer than usual. It’s okay, though. This gives me time to go downstairs and make a few phone calls, hoping to get to the bottom of what’s happening tonight.

Molly
When I wake up, the room is still dark, but from the light rays that come through the cracks in the curtains I think it is at least well into the morning. Forcing myself to get out of bed without any assistance is harder than I thought it would be, but I finally make it. The house is so quiet. It’s the middle of the day, shouldn’t someone be here?
Walking down the hall, I hear the TV downstairs, but no voices. Heading down to the kitchen, I glance at the clock. 4:00! What the hell? I slept the whole day away. I still need to talk to Tatum about what is going down tonight, and soon. I can’t stand the thought of him going at this alone when it is my problem to begin with.
Waltzing into the living room after making myself a cup of coffee, the TV is on but there is no sign of Tatum anywhere. Just a note left on the coffee table. I fear the worst; I always do, but I can’t let it rule me. The note that was left to me years before went unopened and sits somewhere at my parents’ house. There was no way I was going to open it after what had happened to me. 
This time, though, I open this note and read it.

Molly,
Please forgive me. I knew you wouldn’t have it if I left while you were awake, so I left while you slept soundly in bed. I know you will be upset with me but this is something that I have to do alone. We are a team, but tonight you need to stay home and away from what is happening. I have men outside the house in case anyone comes near. Your ex-husband is a very dangerous man and can’t be trusted. Please listen to me when I ask you to stay here.
I will do what needs to be done and be home as soon as I can. I can’t wait to be with you again.
Love,
Tatum

What the fuck!? He thinks he can just leave and take care of my problem without me there? Well think again, pretty boy. I’m just as much a part of this as he is!
Heading towards the door, I unlock it and step out onto the front porch. Immediately, I’m greeted by two wonderfully huge men.
“Ms. Ward, we are instructed to keep you safe tonight. You leaving the house is not approved.”
“I don’t know who you are, sir, but I need to leave. You can follow me if you wish.” Hoping he will fall in line, I move towards the stairs. Before I get there, he steps in front of me.
“Sorry, ma’am. I meant you will not be leaving this house tonight. Period.” He grins and motions for me to walk back inside.
Dammit. I stalk back in the door and slam it behind me. Well then I guess this is where I’ll stay. I decide to take Mr. Savage’s advice and call my mom.


SEVENTEEN
Tatum
The time is finally here and I’m more than ready. It’s been too long since I’ve helped my father on a case, and as much as I thought I didn’t like it, I’m getting that awesome rush of excitement like I used to. Like I’m full of energy, bursting at the seams, though this time it’s more than ever before because I have something to look forward to. Knowing she’s safe in her house and not leaving, knowing that when this fucktard is finished with we will never have to deal with this shit again. Never have I been this pumped to beat the shit out of someone.
“Let’s do this boys,” I say to my men. There are 5 men on my team, all knowing exactly what to do when they find him. They have only one rule: I want him alive. The men head out and I sit and wait. This was always the worst part. Waiting. Me and quiet don’t mix and tonight is no different. In order to keep myself calm, I try to think about Molly, but once I start thinking about her soft curves, her unruly hair that is treacherous and beautiful at the same time, I have to stop. If I don’t chill this I’m going to be sporting more than I bargained for when my men arrive. 
My thoughts drift in and out for what seems like forever, and when I look at the clock two hours have already passed. What he fuck is taking them so long? Just as the thought occurs, I hear the garage door open and I stand to meet the man who has caused the woman I love so much torture.
What I don’t expect, though, is my lead man, Neil, gagged bleeding, stumbling through the door, eyes wide with fear.
What the FUCK? I know trouble when I see it and right now they are setting a trap to get me. If I run to him, they will shoot him and surround me. I can take out a few of those bastards by myself, but something tells me that there are more than I can handle tonight. I whisper my apologies to Neil and run. The second time in a goddamned month that I have run, but this time I run for my life. This time I run for the life of the woman I love. Molly is in danger, I know it. I have to get to her.
Behind me, I hear Neil start screaming, then silence. I know they killed him, and the minute I get my hands on them, they won’t have any limbs left to fight back with when I skin their faces. Dammit, Neil had just gotten married. He’s been with my father for ten years and he and his wife were going to start a family. Denise was so nice and now she will never truly know how her husband died. It might be for the best, though. Those types of things never leave you. They will tell her it was a car accident or a drive by shooting. The spouses are rarely told the truth about their loved one’s deaths. She’ll be well taken care of the rest of her life, but sometimes the truth is too much to handle. 
At my pace I should be to Molly in less than ten minutes. I could make it faster, but I’m trying to stay hidden in case anyone saw me leave. I tried her cell phone but it keeps going straight to voicemail and I  know for a fact there’s no house phone there.
 Come on, Molly, don’t pull anything stupid.
“I’m coming, Babe,” I say into the night, praying to a God I’m not sure exists that she’s there when I get back to her.
Molly
I called my parents, but naturally they didn’t answer. It’s been so long since I talked to them I’m not even really sure if this is their number anymore. It’s sad to think about so I try not to most times, but the hint from Tatum’s dad makes me think he knows more than he’s letting on.
Strangely, I haven’t heard any noise from outside in a while either. For the first part of the night I could hear talking and see shadows of the men outside, but now they must be sleeping and taking turns keeping watch on me because I can’t even tell they’re there. I get why Tatum did what he did. It doesn’t make me any less angry that he can so easily shut me out of things this big, but I get it. He has a need to keep those close to him safe. If only all men were like that.
I sigh and walk back to the kitchen to set my mug down. I’ve had enough caffeine to keep me up all night and I’m sure with the pain meds I’m on that wouldn’t be recommended. Well, if I’m going to be stuck here with limited mobility I may as well get some work done. I pull out my laptop and get to work editing and scheduling. E e-mailed me yesterday checking in. She loves campus and says that none of her instructors are as cool as me. She also adds in that none are as smart as me and that I should consider a career change. Ha! She asks normal things that friends do like how the boy toy is (her words, not mine) and how the business is doing. Something so innocent is exactly what I need tonight to take my mind off of everything. I email her back, telling her things with him are good, but the business has had to go on pause for personal issues. I don’t let her know that I’m back here, and may not ever tell her about this situation, but she knows that I’m safe and happy, which is all she needs to know. I’m so blessed to have someone so close to me that doesn’t look at me differently because of what occurred 5 years ago.
As I press send, there’s knock on the door. First time all night they have even acknowledged that I’m here, but maybe they saw the light on and want some company.
Slowly walking towards the door, taking care of my arm that has recently started throbbing, (is it time for more meds already?) I open the door to the most unwelcome of faces.
“Molly. I see you’re here alone. Perfect.” Brian sneers. “Tie her up, boys.”
I try and run, but the beating I took yesterday leaves me no match for his men. They grab me, not caring that they are pressing into my stitches, and haul me towards a dining room chair. Using hard as hell rope that cuts into my arms the tighter they tie, I’m secured onto the chair and can’t move even if I tried my hardest (which, let’s be real, at this point in the game I don’t have much of a fight left). I should be scared, but I can’t find that emotion right now. I’m more angry for the inconvenience and for how much my damn arm hurts.
“What do you want, Brian. I told you all I know already.” I sigh and stare at him.
“See, I know that’s not the case. You never once told me about this girl. And funny, she seems to be pretty close to you, wouldn’t you say?”
He holds up a picture of Evie and my heart drops to the floor.
“I don’t know who that poor girl is, but if she is in your sights then I feel bad for her.” I try and play off the fact that I know her, but Brian knows better.
“Funny you should say that. Boys!”
His men bring Evie, bound and gagged, into the room. She shows no sign of fear as they drag her over to another chair. She has dried blood on her forehead, bruising on her face and arms, and her shirt is torn.
“Explain to me how you don’t remember her. I’ll give you a guess. Her father ratted me out.”
I gasp. That’s not possible.
The man that ratted Brian out originally…he had a girl, but…I’d recognize her? Right?
 Evelyn was only a child at the time, or so I thought. Maybe she was older than I remember her being.
“Evelyn?” I whisper to her. Her eyes give her away instantly. I remember playing with her, taking her shopping.
“I’m so sorry, Molly. I couldn’t let them get away with it.”

EIGHTEEN
Tatum
I’m about a mile away when my phone rings. It’s my father, naturally.
“Don’t think for an instant I’m letting you out of this, Dad. Those men KNEW what was happening tonight and I’ll be damned if I don’t get to the bottom of it. You better pray they haven’t gotten to her yet,” I growl. I’m beyond pissed that one of my dad’s men let it leak where we were and what was happening.
“You needn’t worry about that now, son. I’ve taken care of the problem. Things like this don’t happen more than once.”
“What do you want, then? To tell me that?! I have to get to Molly before they do!” I’m starting to panic that I’m not going to make it.
“Listen to me. We have had some developments. Molly’s old assistant, the one she called Evie, did you know her?”
“No, she was gone right before I started. Photography school I think. What the fuck does this have to do with her?”
“Everything. Just listen….”
It’s then that my father goes on and tells me what actually has been happening the last few years. It’s then that I know this is way deeper of a problem than just some missing money. Molly is wrapped up in a very dangerous case of revenge and she doesn’t even know it.
“GODDAMMIT! All these years!?” I hang up and run faster.
Molly
Evie is sitting in her chair, staring at me. Every now and then she looks over at Brian and smirks. Each time, they hit her again. She isn’t giving any information away, though. No matter how hard they beat her. Every hit makes me want to puke. Tears are streaming freely down my face. How can she not be crying?
“STOP IT!” I yell. “STOP, JUST STOP!”
“Your little bitch friend is behind all of this and you want me to stop torturing her? All she has to do is give away where the money is and we will let everyone go. You know she has the money hidden?! All because it is apparently my fault her dumb ass father is dead!”
“Never,” Evie says through her bloodied mouth. “You are the reason I had to grow up without a father. You are the reason that I had to leave my mother alone. You are the reason everything is fucked up. I will NEVER tell you. I’d rather die.”
“Very well.” Brian shrugs and nods at his man in the corner. “This here is Phil. Not a very exciting name, but I assure you he is the best at his craft. What’s his craft you might ask? Making peoples wishes come true, one might say.”
I start screaming. Still stoic, Evie sits there. Not showing any sign of giving in.
“Tell your parents hi for me. I should have wrote them more,” she whispers right as the gun’s raised to her head.
“Brian, NO! STOP THIS! SHE’S JUST A GIRL LET HER GO AND WE WILL WORK-”
My pleas are muted by the gunshot that blasts through the room. Everything falls silent as Evie’s body slumps forward.
Tatum
GOD DAMNIT that was a gunshot. I will burn all of those fuckers if they touched one wild hair on her head. Heading up the side of the house while keeping to the shadows, I wait for the right moment. Glancing through the windows on my way made me aware of at least three male figures inside the house. Fuck. My men had specific instructions not to enter the house. I sneak a peek on the front porch and my suspicions are redeemed when I see the security detail lying in a puddle of blood. Dammit! How many more people have to die over this?!
Beyond pissed, I walk back to the dining room window and glance in. My heart sinks when I see a lifeless female slumped over a chair, but lifts a little when I see my Molly still alive, being yelled at by Brian. I can only make out a little what he is saying, but by the sounds of it he’s pissed that Evie was involved and he still believes without a doubt that Molly knows where the money is. It’s when he hits her that I lose all control. No screams leave her, but I know how much pain she is in. I run for the front door and barge in, shooting his two men point blank before they know what hit him.
When I walk into the dining room, I see Brian and his gun resting on Molly’s temple. I need to keep my cool. This man is nuts. He might actually do it if I can’t talk him down.
“Tatum, so glad you could make it to our show.” Brian smiles and reaches toward Molly. “Isn’t she just so wonderful to agree to be the lead in this little adventure?”
He reaches down and rips her shirt down the front. I can hear the blood boiling in my veins and I’m about to rip him apart.
“Tell us what you want. You know me. You know the money I have. Tell me and I’ll make it worth your while to walk away,” I growl.
It’s a low blow, giving in, but she’s mine. No one will ever point a gun at her again. No one but me is allowed to rip her shirt.
Ever again.
Brian laughs at me.
“You really think I’d take that from you knowing who you are? I wouldn’t ever be safe another day in my life!” Brian reaches and grabs one of Molly’s tits and I flip.
“Don’t fucking touch her again!” I raise my gun and cock it, knowing full well that this may not end well.



NINETEEN
Molly
I should’ve bit him when he ripped my shirt. The asshole’s just doing this to raise Tatum’s hackles and it’s working. When he grabs my tit and I want to kill him. Apparently so does Tatum because the next thing I know he’s getting ready to shoot him. No. I will not let him have Brian’s blood on his hands. I need to do something to stop this before it goes too far.
“Tatum, stop!” I yell.
“What the hell, Molly, this man has his hands all over you, he’s been beating you, and you don’t want him to suffer?”
Oh my god, I hope he forgives me.
“No,” I choke out the hardest lie I’ve ever had to say.
“What?” He lowers his gun and looks at me. The saddest look I’ve ever seen.
“I can’t see you do this to the man I used to love. The man who fathered my baby. The man I still may be able to love one day.”
I can’t look at Tatum anymore so I chance a glance at Brian. It’s working! His grip on his gun as softened and he’s looking at me in a whole new light.
“What are you saying, Molly?” Tatum growls. Ooh angry Tatum. Note to self: don’t make Tatum angry.
“I’m saying that…. Well, this was fun, but if Brian will have me, I’ll show him where the money is.” Looking into Brian’s eyes, I add, “We can have it all, babe.” I grin my best fake grin, hoping that Tatum sees through it and Brian believes me.
“Fuck that, Molly,” Tatum says.
“No, really, I think I believe her, Tatum. Molly wouldn’t have even been with you had she known I was still alive. She loved me with all her heart. This whole thing was just a giant misunderstanding, really.” He starts to untie me. The moron’s really untying me! I’m shaking at this point. Fear that I’ve lost Tatum is coursing through my veins and I can’t look at him right now. I just need to be untied and standing before I make my next move.
One. Rope. Left.
Unfortunately, that rope was my leg rope and in order to untie it, Brian goes between my legs to reach around… and plants a kiss right between my legs.
Tatum yells. I hear a shot, but it misses the target I’m guessing, as Brian stands and whips around to slam into Tatum. He isn’t a bigger, or a more muscular man, but sometimes you just have to have the right leverage. Tatum goes down, hitting his head on a nearby table and falls to the floor.
Brian grins like he just won gold and turns to me.
“Now, where was I?”
He continues his trek to untie me; all the while I can’t take my mind off of Tatum lying on the floor.
As soon as I’m untied, I wrap my arms around Brian. God he stinks. It’s good I have no feelings towards him, it makes what I’m about to do a lot easier. I grab him, like I am trying my hardest to get him hard. He grunts and backs up.
“Hey now, baby, there’s time for that later.”
I laugh. “Sorry, but it’s been so long since I’ve had a real man. I need to remember,” I try to say in my most sultry voice. It’s so hard pretending with Tatum right there. I don’t know if he’s conscious or not, but it makes me feel like I’m going to puke.
Brian looks at me for a minute before flicking his gaze over to Tatum, then grabs my hair and pulls. Maybe I’m not that great of an actress.
“You think I’m buying that, bitch?!” he yells, then throws me against the couch and comes towards me. Leaning down, too close for comfort, he adds, “You were never that type of girl, Molly. I’m not gonna fall for that.”
“You untied me, though, so obviously you did fall for it.” I spit at him. Probably not the best idea, but I’m on my last hope. If I stall long enough maybe Tatum will wake up. Wake up, damnit!
“Whore! I should have done this last time I had you.” Brian backhands me, still holding his gun. He moves his hands lower towards my pants and starts undoing them. He has me trapped against the couch and I have nowhere to go. I can’t knee him from my position and my hands are being held by his. Pushing his way into my panties, I start to yell and squirm. I’m so light headed and in so much pain, but I don’t give up. I can’t give up. I’m not his anymore.
“Oh god, Molly, you were always so wet, so tight.” He’s kissing my neck now, talking low. I’m crying and squirming, trying to get out from under him. He grabs me and I scream. NO! This is not how tonight was supposed to go! He removes his hand and starts to use it to unbuckle his jeans. Jesus, this is actually happening. I can’t take this. I have to fight!
In one moment I feel his hold on my arms slipping and I make my move. It may get me killed, but I have to try. I pull my arms free and start punching him, the pain in my arms feeding my anger towards him. He moves back, astonished that I had the balls to attack him. I’m standing now, just a few feet from a seething Brian. I think everything in my body hurts, or it should, but I can’t register that right now.
“That was a bad move, you cunt,” he growls and plows into me. I go down swinging, but he won’t stop hitting. I can’t feel the pain anymore, just the pressure from all of the punches. He keeps yelling and hitting. I wish this would all be over.
“You weak bitch, let our DAUGHTER DIE! If you had any sense you would have killed yourself years ago!! NOW you are hiding MY MONEY from me!”
The hits continue. I see Alice and what our family would have been. I see Tatum smiling at me in the park and feel that initial twinge of love that I felt just a few days ago when I first laid eyes on him. I remember it all, and in my darkness I cry for what might have been.
Then all I see is black.

Tatum
Dammit my head hurts.
I slowly open my eyes and take in my surroundings. Ok, I’m still at Molly’s house. God, it’s so bright here. Where is she?
Then the panic kicks in. I hear the fall, the fight, and the grunts. I pray to God that I’m not too late. I push myself up to see Brian straddling an unconscious Molly, glaring at her.
“You bitch, I’ll make sure you never forget tonight.”
He starts to rip the rest of her clothes off, at the same time preparing himself.
I. See. Red.
Literally, flames feel like they’re coming out of my fucking ears.
That motherfucker. A guttural scream comes from me; a noise I didn’t even know I could make.
Brian twists around to meet my gun facing him. I shoot. I don’t even think, I just point, aim, and shoot that fucker right between the eyes.
I’ve never been so clear in my whole life as to when the decision to kill him came over me. I never thought I’d be able to love again after what happened in my past. I blamed myself for so long and thought that I didn’t deserve a shot at a happy life. Molly has changed that all. The fact that he has already done lord knows what to her, knocked her unconscious and was about to do more, just put a nail in his coffin.
He slumps over and I kick his body off Molly. There’s still a pulse, but it’s light. Fuck. She has so many bruises and there is so much fucking blood. Grabbing my phone, I call my father. He makes the arrangements and within ten minutes I have people at the house to help me. That’s the thing about my father, police don’t ask him questions, even in this part of the country.
They take Molly to the hospital and I trail behind the ambulance, the whole time cursing the workers who thought they could keep me away from her. When she wakes up from this, (when, because ‘if’ is not an option) I will never stop showing her how much I love her.
I rush into the hospital when I finally park and ask to see her. More like demand, but these damn nurses don’t know the amount of panic they’re going to see if they keep me from her much longer.
“Mr. Savage, Ms. Ward was taken directly into surgery. You will have to wait in the waiting room since you aren’t family.”
“Fuck that. The woman I love was just beaten, sexually assaulted, and now is in surgery and you aren’t going to give me anything else to survive on?” I growl at her. I’d hate to make a scene, but I’m Tatum Fucking Savage. I don’t wait in waiting rooms.
The doors open and my father comes strolling into the hospital.
“Son, be a good sport and take a seat before you get yourself kicked out,” he says.
I watch him talk quietly to the nurse while I storm across the room to find an area to pace. There will be no sitting until I see my Molly.
***
After what seems like hours of pacing, the doctor comes out to speak with us. He looks exhausted.
“Mr. Savage?” He glances at me, then over at my father who doesn’t rise from his seat. He gives a nod towards me and the doctor walks over to me.
“Is she ok? Is she going to live? Can I see her? I gotta see her,” I blurt a million miles a minute, not quite sure what happened to my cool that I thought I was keeping. I’m asking questions faster than a twelve-year-old girl on a caffeine high.
“Calm down, Mr. Savage. She’s doing just fine.”
Those words. ‘She’s doing just fine.’ Four of my favorite words at this very moment. I let out a breath I didn’t know I was holding and sit in the nearest seat.
The doctor continues. “She had massive amounts of contusions on her body and there was swelling on her brain from the hits that she took. Whoever did this to her seemed hell bent to kill. Your girl has a strong will to live, though. She isn’t awake yet, but you can go see her. Just know, she looks very... rough right now. We had to drill into her skull to help the swelling recede. She may not notice you when she wakes up, but that’s just a side effect from everything she has gone through and she should regain memory soon.”
“Thank you, Doctor. You don’t know what she means to me. Can I see her now?”
He nods and points me in the right direction. On my way out of the waiting room my father stands.
“Go tell her, Son. Don’t let her get away. And give her my best.” He pats me on my shoulder and I move faster than I thought I could to get to her. I need to see her. Walking into her room, I hear nothing but the whirring and beeps of the machines she’s hooked up to. They warned me that it won’t be the best of sights, but I don’t care. I can take it. I’ve seen much worse.
That’s what I thought at least, until I walk in and see her.
She’s so swollen from the liquid they pumped into her, her beautiful face battered from his hits. A tear runs down my cheek and I shake my head. I thought I was strong enough. I thought I could save her from her hell. I couldn’t even do that. He was half my size and I couldn’t take him when I needed to. My weakness has gotten yet another person hurt, almost killed. The sounds of the hospital room remind me of the darkest time of my life and I can’t shake the feeling that this one is about to take the same nasty turn. Unsure of everything now, seeing her like this, I walk out of the room. Surprisingly, my father is standing right next to the door.
“Did I ever tell you of the day you were born?” he asks.
I look at him like he has three heads.
“No,” I say, looking down the other end of the hall, trying to dry my face before he sees me.
“Your mother almost died. I blamed myself because I wanted a natural birth. I thought ‘women used to do it all the time, she can handle it’. So I pushed for it, even though the beautiful woman didn’t want it.”
I turn and look at him. He seems so old standing in the hospital hallway. I almost forget he’s the ruthless man who has the majority of the country in fear of him. He leans against the wall, crosses his ankles, and continues.
“She was in so much pain she passed out from it in the middle of pushing you out. With her passed out she couldn’t push to get you the rest of the way out. I couldn’t watch the rest of what happened. Emergency C section, your mother not coming to right away. I just sat on the curb outside the hospital, staring at nothing for what seemed like hours. Your uncle was the first one to hold you. I was sure my suggestion and pushing for her to do it ‘my way’ had killed one, if not both, of you. It took the nurse walking out with news that your mother had woken up and was asking for me to kick me out of my funk. Turns out your mom had pushed so hard it made her pass out. Not the pain, not my insisting that she didn’t have any medications. They said even medicated it would have happened. You were just that big of a baby.”
“So you’re trying to tell me to stop blaming myself for things that are out of control?” I look at him.
“I’m saying, I almost walked away from the love of my life because I was worried that it would be me that ended up getting her hurt. Turns out, things this big are out of everyone’s control. There’s a higher being that has it all planned out for us ahead of time. We’re just pawns.” He grins, looks up and closes his eyes. “So get your ass back in there before she wakes up and you aren’t by her side. You’ll never live it down,” he adds.
I take his advice and turn to walk back in the room.
“Thanks, Dad,” I say. “I just don’t know what to do with all of these feelings. I’ve never felt this way before.”
“I know, son. That’s what love is. It is both beautiful and devastating.”
“Devastatingly beautiful. Just like Molly,” I say to myself and walk back in the room to sit by the woman I love.

TWENTY
Molly
Through the darkness I’ve seen bits of light and heard unmistakable voices. He’s here. I can’t see him, I can’t feel him, but I know he’s here. I just want him to hold me.
“When is she going to wake up?” I hear his voice.
“It’s been a few days, Tatum. We expected her to be awake by now. Her vitals are good, now it is just a waiting game,” another male voice says.
Why can’t I wake up? I try and try to pry my eyes open, but that just makes me more tired. Darkness falls again.
***
I feel something. I think it’s my hand, but I can’t really tell. My body is cold, but my hand, my hand is so warm.
“Son, why don’t you head out? Take a walk. You need sunshine like the rest of us.”
“No,” he simply states. Nothing else. I need more! WAKE UP DAMMIT!
I keep trying my hardest to move. Focusing on one area, the only one that feels like it would make a difference, I try to move my hand. I don’t know how long I focus on just wiggling my fingers, but I do. Over and over I try to send the information to my hand to move. MOVE!
“Dad. DAD! NURSE!” I hear him yell. “She moved. Her hand. It moved. She moved. She’s in there. Molly baby, wake up for me. Please, Molly. Can you move your hand again?!”
Silence surrounds me. I try my hardest, just like before, and this time I feel it move. I’m moving my hand. It’s coming back!
Suddenly, commotion fills the room and Tatum’s warm hand is taken from mine. I would do anything to see him again. People keep moving around the room and I refocus my efforts to opening my eyes. I feel like they’re glued shut, and the pain of finally getting them open makes me immediately tear up. Everything is so bright, but through the lights and searing pain, I see him.
He smiles. There are tears in his eyes and he just smiles at me.
“Hi,” I manage to whisper. It was more like a croak, but I did it. It’s all coming back now.
“Hey, you,” he says, tears streaming down his face. “How ya feeling?”
I nod my head and try to raise my arms to hug him. Just feeling his embrace I know I’m going to make it. This sucks, yes, but I’ll get through it and Tatum will be right there next to me.
Tatum
It’s been a week since they released Molly from the hospital. After she woke up she stayed for a few days to make sure her vitals were staying strong, then we could finally escape. She’s so worried about the wedding she has this weekend, but there is no way she’s shooting it. She can barely walk and it’s just a few days away. I went ahead and pulled the strings I needed to pull to get the bride a photography team on me and refund her all the money she has paid (out of my account of course. Molly doesn’t need that burden). To say she was upset was an understatement, but I don’t care, she needs to rest.
I’ve been able to keep the police at bay for a week to give her time to recover, but they’re practically beating down our door to get our statements now. I guess money only talks so much when it comes to the law.
“Babe, the investigator on the case is coming by in an hour”
She sighs. She’s had good days and bad since we got home. It’s worse when the pain meds wear off, but today she’s been quiet all day. I just want to hold her, take her pain away, but I can’t. The pain she feels is more inner turmoil rather than physical pain. When we got home she made me tell her everything. Every. Last. Detail. God, I didn’t want to, but how can I say no to the woman I love? Especially when she looks at me with her bruised and battered face and her bright green eyes shining through.
Apparently her ex went off the deep end when their daughter died. Blaming Molly for her death, he went after the money to find it gone. On a ‘Molly is a bitch’ kick, once he took over the group he put every man out there to find her and find the money, obviously believing she took the money and ran. He then used every asset he had to find her. They had been trailing her for a couple months when I came along. The men in her office hadn’t found anything and Brian was apparently planning a trip to take her back to Tacoma just before she made the trip herself.  The money still is nowhere to be found, but there hopefully won’t be anyone going after it anymore. Now that Brian is dead it’s not the top priority to anyone.
“What about Evie, though? So young, so sweet. She couldn’t have been so wrapped up in this,” Molly states matter of factly. The tears in her eyes stay there, making the beautiful green glisten in the sunlight coming through the window.
“Ah, well… the Evie end of things is complicated. No one outside of Brian and her knew the truth about who she really was. All we really know is that she in fact is the daughter of the man who ratted out Brian when he noticed the money and drugs missing. She hid very well. In plain sight, really.”
“I just can’t believe she’s gone. She was my best friend. You know, she seemed filled with inner peace at the end, like she knew everything was going to work out,” Molly whispers. She’s curled up next to me on the couch wearing yoga pants and an oversized sweatshirt and looking just as beautiful as she did the day I met her. The bruising is starting to fade and soon enough the stiches and bandages will be a thought of the past. I am in awe of her strength and still have a hard time believing she’s mine. I’m also having a hard time staying away from some of my favorite parts of her. 
Breaking my thoughts, the doorbell rings. Time to rehash the events of the last few years one more time… and hopefully the last.

Molly
After going through everything I remember of the last 5 years, the detective thanks us and leaves. He took pages and pages of notes and told me that I should be hearing from them in a few days. I don’t want to have to stay here any longer than I have to so hopefully they can get everything straightened out pretty quickly.
Tatum has been wonderful to me. He knows how to bring me out of my bad moods and put a smile back on my face. I can’t imagine having to go through this without him. Each night he holds me and does things for me that only he can do. It’s been what seems like forever since our first kiss and those brief moments we’ve shared together, but the more time I spend with him the more I can’t wait to be able to enjoy him like I’ve wanted for so long now. 
“You know, I’m beginning to feel like my old self again,” I hint. Hoping that he takes it.
“Oh yea?” He grins at me from across the room. “Well good, that makes me very happy.”
I smile at him and stick my tongue out playfully.
“Did you just stick your tongue out at me?!” he quips, as he treks towards me with a purpose. He holds my chin up and looks in my eyes. “No one sticks their tongue out at a Savage.”
“The last name may seem menacing, but you are anything but savage.” I grin.
“I’ll show you,” he growls and scoops me up carrying me into the bedroom.
Laying me on the bed, Tatum stops above me and stares at me. The bruises are fading, the stiches will be out soon, and I don’t hurt anymore. He looks at me with so much love and adoration that my heart starts to swell.
“God, Molly, you gave me a really good scare for a while. I thought I had lost you for good too many times to count in the last few weeks. Everything has happened so fast with us, but I wouldn’t have it any other way. I love you.”
A single tear streaks down my cheek. “I love you too, Tatum.”

TWENTY ONE
Tatum
This is it. Our first time.
 I’m so nervous I’m almost shaking. I don’t know why I feel like this. I’ve had sex before plenty of fucking times, but this is so much more. The girls before…hell they were just for fun. There weren’t feelings before. Now…with Molly? 
Fuck me. 
There’s no danger now clouding our thoughts, there are no lies between us or hidden secrets. It is simply Molly and I together at last.
With as much as I want her and she wants me, I’m not making this quick. I’m going to make her enjoy this as much as I want to enjoy her. I strip her of all her clothes, kissing each bruise and scrape on my way down her beautiful body. She’s breathing heavier and heavier as I reach her core. She smells beautiful and tastes it as well. I slide one, then two fingers inside her and curl them up as I flick my tongue just on the right spot to make her gasp and arch her back.
“That’s my girl, let go, Molly.” But she won’t. She’s holding back for some reason.
“I want you. I need you inside of me, Tatum.” she pleads, and then she pulls away from me to start stripping my layers off. I’m so hard I’m not sure she’ll be able to get my jeans off without doing damage, but somehow she does so gracefully. She grabs me and starts sucking and stroking in a rhythm that almost sets me off right away. I want this to last too much to blow now, though, so I pull her up to kiss her. Then it hits me.
“Molly, we don’t have any condoms here.”
She stares at me for a moment and then smiles the saddest smile I’ve ever witnessed. She backs away and sits on the bed.
“I should probably tell you something,” she whispers, her eyebrows furrowing. “I…” Her eyes find mine and she looks so defeated. “I was told after the accident that I’d have a very difficult time getting pregnant again if I ever wanted to. I don’t…need…a condom.” She winces at her words and my stomach drops.
“You can’t have kids?” I ask, careful not to let her see my slight disappointment in the obvious.
“Not what I said. Just that it’s going to be… difficult,” she says, then trails away from me. The loss of physical contact is a punch to the gut. No, I wasn’t planning on having kids right now, but I can’t help the wonderful fleeting thoughts of tiny Molly’s running around.
“Stop,” I say. I don’t know if it’s to stop my thoughts or to stop her from leaving, but it works. She freezes and looks at me. Tears burning her eyes, she glances at me and I see it. “Molly, I love you. I will always love you. The fact that child bearing may be hard makes me want to try ten times harder to make it happen. People don’t tell me I can’t do something, especially when it comes to the woman I love.” Then I kiss her and she falls apart in my arms.
“Oh, Tatum, thank you. I was so afraid to tell you. I thought you wouldn’t want me anymore since I’m broken.” she cries.
“Hey,” I say, wiping a tear from her face. “We are both broken. It’s what makes us work.”
We make love. Multiple times. Fast, slow, even slower, and each time is better than the last. The woman is amazing. I am truly the luckiest man ever.


TWENTY TWO
Molly
After that night together things seem to have changed between us. We started making big decisions together and planning for our future, all without actually talking about what the future held.
The house was the first big decision. There’s no need for me to keep a house that I don’t want to live in, to Tatum helped hook me up with a real estate agent and within a week on the market, it was sold to a new family. 
The day we flew out of Washington we met my parents for breakfast. There were tears and laughter and lots of hugs. As we were leaving, my mom handed me a box of some old things she’s been hanging on for me all these years, then we were on our way.
My business is waiting for me, the town is going to be full of gossip, and Tatum has made it very clear that he’s moving in with me and will continue to be my assistant at the studio. There’s also a lot of desk sex promised and that’s something I have absolutely no problem with. Illinois is looking more and more promising.
The first hint of our future together showed up a little more than a month later, in the form of the most beautiful thing ever. Something I had never imagined would happen again. Something I pray he’s as excited as I am.
Something, like two tiny blue lines on a very white stick.



DEVASTATINGLY
BEAUTIFUL
PART II


ONE
Molly

“No fucking way” I whisper. There are so many thoughts running through my head and I don’t know how to sort through any of them. Pregnant?! I can’t get pregnant! I know I told Tatum it would be difficult, but I haven’t had a doctor yet that seemed positive I’d ever be able to have another baby. Now, after everything that’s happened, my body decided to defy all odds. Not that I’m not happy, but that’s only one of the many emotions going through me. Scared is the other emotion that’s pulsing through me, making me start to panic that he’ll leave me. He said it before, that he doesn’t want kids. Or at least he didn’t. 
Shit. 
When I told him it would be difficult if I ever wanted to have a baby again he almost seemed relieved. It was like he doesn’t want kids. I don’t blame him, though, the two of us have been through so much heartbreak over the last few years who would want to take the risk of going through it all over again?
 The lines on this tiny blue stick are glaring at me when there’s a knock at the door.
“Hey babe, you ok?” He sounds worried. I guess I have been in here for a long time.

“Uh, yea. Yes, I’m good. I’ll be right out.” I stash the test and make a mental note to call the doctor two towns over. I’m not stupid. I know a trip to one in town would get the town talking, and no one needs to know anything before it’s confirmed. False positives happen all the time.
Walking out to the rest of the house I stop and look around. So much has changed in the last couple months. Tatum’s in the middle of moving in with me and there are boxes everywhere. Currently, he’s unpacking and setting up his home office. Apparently after everything that went down with his father he left the family business behind and headed out on the road until he landed here. He said the daily reminder of what happened was too much for him, plus the way his father started treating him when he thought he was helping was really getting to him. I get it. I had to leave Washington for the same thing. Well, that and because I feared my life. Now he wants to help out his father in other ways… I’m not sure what that entails and I’m honestly scared to ask.
“Your brain is turning, I see it. What are you thinking about?” 
How does he do that?
“Just everything. This is so surreal that you’re here right now. Setting up your office, doing laundry. It kind of doesn’t seem real. It’s all happened so fast. All of this excitement swirling in my head, just mere hours before we go to mourn the death of my only friend for the last 5 years. I’m not sure how I should feel right now.”
He puts his arms around me and I nuzzle my head into his neck, his hands rubbing my back slowly. Such a comfortable, soothing movement. He knows how much I’m still hurting from Evie’s murder. It wasn’t just a death, it was cold-blooded murder. I watched her die. I can’t close my eyes at night without hearing the gunshot, seeing her figure slump forward. My tears are all cried out for now, but I’m sure they will return.
 I sigh heavily, the weight of having to relive those moments at the house in Washington weighing heavily on me. Going to the vigil tonight will just make it all seem so final, and I’m not certain I’m ready for that.
The memorial’s being held at the coffee shop. Evie’s mom wanted her buried in Washington, but she had made so many friends here in the last 5 years that it didn’t seem right not letting these people mourn their loss. I’ve been working on a speech since we were practically sisters the last five years, but I’m not sure if I’m going to be able to address anyone. 
Walking in the shop the first thing I hear is one of her favorite songs, and it makes me laugh out loud. Such a depressing event, yet blaring ‘She Don’t Use Jelly’ over the speakers lightens the mood a little. The entire night, Tatum’s hand doesn’t leave contact with my body. Whether he’s holding onto my hand or resting his on my back, he’s one hundred percent here for me.
Alex, a girl that was around the same age as Evie, take the microphone first. She looks absolutely devastated, and for good reason. Her friend was murdered. She didn’t get to say a proper goodbye like those do when they lose loved ones who are sick. She will never know the events that happened that night. She will never know the truth. No one here will.
“Thank you, everyone for coming tonight.” She starts, then clears her throat before continuing. “Evie was one of my very best friends. She was eclectic, energetic, and full of life. She never feared and always pushed people to do their best. I will miss her every day for the rest of my life, but I know she is in a much better place than living in this world.” She starts crying and if I had any tears left they would be flowing too. I hear the sniffles coming from the crowd as Alex thanks everyone again and walks to the bathroom. Poor thing. The shop owner gestures towards me, letting me know that I could say something if I wanted.
I want to, I really do. I can’t, though. I can’t lie to everyone’s faces. I can’t hold myself straight and believe it isn’t my fault she’s dead. Everyone here thinks that Evie was killed in a drive by shooting while home visiting her mom. Even her mom doesn’t know the truth about her death. I, however, know fully what happened to her, it haunts me every moment of the day. What I still can’t wrap my mind around is how she was involved in the first place. The minute my eyes hit hers I remembered our moments when she was younger. What I don’t understand is why she followed me, why she befriended me, and why she, of all people, knew where the money is.
Tatum broke into my thoughts just as they started to spiral out of control.
“You look ready to go. Let’s head home,” he whispers, his hand gently resting on my lower back. An assuring gesture. A loving gesture. I slowly nod my head and we head to the door. Goodbye Evie.

Tatum
Yes, I’ve lost a child. There is no sorrow that compares to the loss of a tiny, innocent, being. Holding the lifeless hand of your tiny baby makes your heart fall out of your chest and never return. Never fully, at least. Meeting Molly, falling as hard and as fast as I did for her, makes the warmth return. It makes me feel again, but the pain from the loss of a child never goes away. I’ll always remember the pain.
Watching Molly grieve all over again adds another level to that pain. Watching a loved one go through pain that you understand, you empathize with, and not being able to help them hurts just as bad. Molly’s past was just ripped out of the dark and rehashed, making her bring up all of the ugly details that she never wanted to relive. Add to it the lies that her husband fed her their entire marriage and the murder of her best friend right in front of her and she’s having a difficult time, to say the least. The nightmares alone are enough to make me want to shield her from everything bad in the world. I hold her at night, praying to God that she sleeps a full night without the memories creeping their way back in. When they do, I’m there for her. Assuring her that she’s safe…she’s loved.
After the memorial service we walk back to Molly’s house. The walk home is silent, almost peaceful. It’s the end of April but feels like the middle of summer. Her skin glistens as the humidity takes hold of her. Being from Texas I’m used to heat, but Molly still hadn’t adjusted to heat and humidity in the time she’s lived here. The sheen of sweat on her skin puts a glow to her I’ve never noticed before.
Walking into the house she stops just inside the door and turns to me. Her hand lifts to my cheek and she stares at me for a moment before speaking.
“Thank you” she whispers. She reaches up on her tiptoes to kiss me. My hands slip down her back and grab my favorite part of her. So full, such a perfect fit for my hands. Hands that have done too much bad to deserve so much good.
“God Molly, how are you such a strong woman?” I murmur into her neck, her favorite spot to be nibbled. She sighs and her body melts into mine. I lift her easily and she wraps her legs around me as I carry her up the steps, all the while she’s kissing my neck, nibbling my ear, running her fingers through my hair. So distracting, this woman.
I lay her on the bed and hover over her, resting on my elbows.
“I love you Molly. I’m not sure I’ll ever get tired of saying that.”
She smiles back at me, her green eyes glowing.
“I love you too, Tatum. Forever.” She says, practically in a whisper.
Forever. That sounds perfect to me.

TWO
Molly
The morning after Evie’s memorial is rushed. I have a meeting with the Delany client about their wedding next year, and I still have plenty of shoots already lining up for the week and weekend. Things are finally looking up in the business, as well as Tatum and I’s relationship.
Coming downstairs Tatum’s already in the kitchen, making me a cup of coffee with a smile on his face. How could I be so lucky? And to think, I could very well be carrying his child. I know I need to tell him, but I really want for it to be official before I get any hopes up…or down.
He smiles when he sees me and brings me my already perfectly prepared to-go cup of coffee. I thank him and take a drink as he pulls me in and starts kissing my neck and collarbone.
“I never thought I’d have someone like you. So perfect in every aspect. Even this crazy hair…mmm I love it.” He starts nuzzling my neck. I sigh and gently push him away before this gets out of hand.
“Whoa there. As much as I would love nothing more than to continue this, I have a meeting in a half an hour, remember?” Of course it’s with the only client that has ever scared the bejesus out of me, therefore I’ll definitely not be canceling due to morning nookie with my assistant. Tatum doesn’t know who the meeting is with this morning, just that it’s last minute and very important. I have a gut feeling he wouldn’t be letting me go alone if he knew it’s with the Delany family.
“Great, I’ll be waiting in your office when he leaves.” He winks and walks away. He didn’t even care I turned him down! OF COURSE he would leave me like that. Just BOOM, like it didn’t matter that I turned him down. Now I get to go to this last minute meeting with this man who is incredibly intimidating with Tatum’s promise of desk sex on my mind.
Taking my bag I head outside. The hair that Tatum loves so dearly is quickly wrapped up in a bun to make it less terrifying to onlookers. While I’ve made my home here in Illinois, the Midwest really sucks when it comes to humidity and summers. Ugh, and it’s only April! Shorts, flats, and a nice button down tunic is as professional as it’s going to get in today’s weather. If ‘Mr.oldmanbigshot’ can’t handle it then he doesn’t need my business.
Trying my hardest to think positive about this meeting, I can’t wrap my head around the sinking feeling in my gut that something bad is about to happen. Why this man needed a last minute meeting for a wedding that isn’t even until next year is beyond me, but the $25,000 payday that will be coming after this day is over will be well worth it. I’ll finally be able to buy the property next to the studio that’s been sitting empty for years now and create a unique outdoor studio that no one else around here has.
I park, grab the necessities, and head into the studio to unlock the door. It’s then that I notice the man waiting out front of the studio. Sitting on the bench to the right of the door, staring at his phone but not moving anything on the screen, he hears me clear my throat and looks up. Holy dark eyes. Jesus why do the hot men land on my doorstep lately? Oh hello hormones.
“Hi, can I help you?” I try to sound as unaffected as possible by the beauty that’s radiating from this man. I should not be feeling this way when I have the most perfect male specimen waiting for me at home.
“I’m Robert Delany.” He reaches out to shake my hand and smiles. Those eyes. The warmth of his hand.
Oh fuck.

Tatum
Before his death, my older brother, Dave, gave me one piece of advice that’s stuck with me throughout all the years: “Don’t let them see how much they affect you.” That being said, when Molly turned me down this morning I had to make myself seem unaffected, even though the raging hard on in my boxers was screaming at me for being such a asshole to it.
Now she’s in a meeting with one of the most powerful men in the Midwest and I’m sitting here at her house with jack shit to do. Apparently I’m her assistant, but she doesn’t really need anything from me unless there’s a shoot happening or she need’s advice on edits, so needless to say she didn’t even ask me to sit in on the meeting. I have all the free time I could want right now, but I’m just not satisfied. If I really put thought to it I’d know exactly what’s wrong with me. My dad’s business is an ugly one, but it was the only thing that helped me square my mind when it started to run wild. We spoke before he left to go back to Texas about possibly heading off some of the technical sides of the business from Illinois, then he could have more manpower in Texas when need be. It’s not beating the shit out of criminals, but I guess it’s better than nothing.
First thing is first, though. Molly is currently in a meeting with a very high profile Midwest man. A meeting she was trying to keep from me, not telling me who it was with. I, however, was able to find her date book and see for myself who she was with today. Anyone with the last name of Delany in this part of the country is a walking disaster, and she got herself wrapped up in the deal of the century. The woman has no true photography package that costs $25,000, but he managed to get everything out of her for that much. Every type of print, every angle, every shot, and three days’ worth of shooting plus engagement prints and ‘thank you’ prints. It was an insane package, but the Delany’s are very convincing people. I need to do some inside work to find out just how dangerous these men are.
The first article that blows my mind mentions murder charges being filed against one of the youngest Delany sons. I know my dad’s business, and yes people have died, but there’s never any evidence when we’re done. For the cops to have enough to suspect one of them for murder makes me shake my head in disgust. I can’t believe Molly is wrapped up with this family. How can she be so blind to the things that are staring her right in her face? The next thing that I notice is the picture of the man that is suspected in the murders. Talk about not looking the part of a criminal. This dude is decked out in his suit, tie, and insanely dark eyes…are there even pupils in there? He’s never been convicted, though, because no one would testify against a Delany, just like no one would testify against a Savage. Good lord I hope this isn’t the one getting married. Actually, I hope this isn’t the one Molly has to deal with at all. It’s a big family, though, so odds are slim they’ll ever come in contact. All other articles on this man post him as a ladies man, sexual predator, and fighter. Partier, that’s more like it. Kid with money who doesn’t know how to use it wisely, wasting it on booze, drugs, and sex. I can hope for now that Molly is not currently in a meeting with him. After today, though, I’ll be sure to be in on those meetings. I’m not taking any chances, I feel like trouble follows the woman around.
After minutes of staring at the picture of this ladies’ man, a very powerful man, I resolve to head into the studio early. What’s it going to hurt? 

THREE
Molly
Robert Delany. The last name alone is enough to make me cringe, but of all the Delany’s this is the one they sent? Jesus this man. Playboy deluxe, no women lasts in his world longer than a couple of days. Every photo ever is him with a different woman at his side. Not that I follow the family, but it’s hard not to when they’re everywhere. Why is he here, though?
“How can I help you Mr. Delany?”
“Sorry for the sudden change. Please, call me Rob.” He smiles and his eyes gleam darker than before. “My Uncle is the man you were speaking with before. He is having…health…problems, if you will, and I have volunteered to step up in aiding with the wedding details. My cousin is the groom. He is very wrapped up with business and his bride doesn’t need to be stressed out with wedding planning. Especially something as simple as the pictures.”
Interesting. Most brides love being able to plan and organize. Especially when it comes to detailing their photo shots for the big day. I’ll never understand the dynamics of families.
“Well, Rob, let’s head inside and you can tell me why we needed this sudden meeting.”
I’m only a little put off. Not only does this family scare the daylights out of me, but this man is so beautiful it’s intimidating. I can only hope Tatum isn’t the jealous type because it seems as if Rob is now my go to contact for the biggest and most prestigious wedding I’ve ever shot. And boy oh boy is he beautiful. I can’t screw this up, I need this money.
We walk into the conference room and sit down. Directly across from me he goes to remove his jacket before he sits. Placing it on the back of his chair like a true businessman, he then glances at me.
“I hope it’s ok, I hate feeling cooped up in those stuffy things. Unfortunately it’s a requirement of the job.”
I nod and he smiles, twinkly eyes and all.  Oh baby those eyes. A girl could get lost in those.
“So Rob. I’m sure this sudden meeting isn’t just to introduce yourself as the new contact for the wedding that’s still a year away.”
“No. It’s not. There have been some developments that have made us push up the date of the wedding. My cousin will be marrying the woman of his dreams in two weeks, not next year.” The statement comes out of him so nonchalantly, one wouldn’t think that he just destroyed my schedule I’ve been building for the next few weeks.
Shit!
“Oh.” It’s the only words I have at this moment. While I fight to keep my jaw from dropping and a few choice words coming out of my mouth, he goes on.
“I know it’s short notice, but with the package we’ve bought I’m sure you’ll be able to fit it in. I plan on staying in town, so if you need anything I will be close by and there will be no need to bother the rest of the family. As you can assume, things are a little hectic right now. I’d hate to have to find another photographer so soon.”
“Okay. Well, uh…yes. No problem. We’ll work it out, and I’ll be in contact with you.”
He stands to leave and shakes my hand, the jolt of cold surprises me. He looks me straight in the eyes and grins. As he holds on to the handshake a moment too long, Tatum walks through the door and his eyes immediately find us. Holy hotness can my office take this much masculinity?
 Oh fuck he looks pissed as his eyes glare at Rob’s hand encircling mine. I pull away too fast and now I feel guilty. I shouldn’t feel guilty. I have nothing to feel guilty for. Right?
“Molly,” he manages to speak through his gritted teeth.
“Tatum.” I stammer. “Oh. Rob, this is my assistant Tatum. Tatum, this is Robert Delany. He is the new contact for the Delany wedding. He just stopped by to let me know of a slight change in plans with the wedding date.” Please don’t murder him, please don’t make me lose this client. I really need this money.

Tatum
Fire. I’ll just set him on fire. That should be enough payback for touching her like that right? That was no fucking ‘business’ handshake. The look I saw between the two of them when I walked through the door was enough to make me want to punch a hole in the newly repaired glass wall. Delany nods in my direction, then tells Molly he’ll be in touch, walking towards the door. Then to top it off, the man has the balls to grin at me as he passes. Fucking grins! And introducing me as her ‘assistant’? Yes, I guess technically I am, but aren’t I more to her than that? Living in her house should earn me a bigger title than assistant.
“What the fuck Molly?” I’m trying, but the anger is seeping out. No way this asswipe is getting near her again.
“Excuse me?” she looks shocked. God this woman is infuriating. Rein it in Tatum. 
“Sorry. I mean ‘Why did that fucktard have his hands on you, undressing your body with his creepy ass eyes’?” 
I don’t see how I could have phrased that any better.
“Would you like to re-phrase that?” She glares at me. Daggers. That’s what that look means. She’s mentally shooting me with daggers.
Fucking perfect.
“That man, Robert Delany, do you know him? Other than from this one ‘meeting’ he claimed to need?” I try to calm down. I really do, but it’s pretty infuriating seeing another man, someone like him, with his hands on your girl.
“I know of him. If you’re asking if I know the type of man he is, yes. Who in the country doesn’t? The meeting you are referring to was to inform me that the wedding they are paying out the ass for has been moved from next year to two weeks from now. So, if you are done playing the macho boyfriend card, I have a lot of scheduling changes to make to be able to put all of my efforts into this wedding.” She huffs and tries to pass, but I stop her.
“Wait, what did you say? Two weeks? To prepare for the largest wedding shoot of your career?”
“That’s what I said. Now excuse me, I have work to do.”
She walks off towards her office and I follow her. She’s not getting off that easy. Hell, at this rate neither of us will be getting off.
“Molly stop. You can’t shut me out like that if we’re supposed to be a team. Look at it from my perspective. I walk in expecting to have a wonderful day with my girlfriend at work, to being introduced as the mere assistant after some man has his hands and eyes all over my girl! Sorry if you think I overreacted, but you are mine. Haven’t we established that?”
Ah, there are those daggers again. What the hell is wrong with her, can’t she see the way he was looking at her was all kinds of wrong? Why is she so fucking moody all of a sudden. Shouldn’t she have been just as angry as I was at the asshole?

Molly
Maybe if I stare at him long enough he’ll leave. One minute I’m thinking about telling him that his child is possibly growing inside of me, the next I want to throw him out of an upstairs window.
“Let’s get this straight, Tatum,” I growl. “I belong to me. ME! I have spent the last five years taking care of myself with no one to help me, and I did a damn good job. Just because you waltz in here, save the day, take up space in my house doesn’t mean that I belong to you. As far as this wedding goes, you will not give me any trouble about the contacts that I have to keep to do my job. I need the money from this contract more than you know, so back the fuck off, put the green monster currently raging inside of you away, and let’s get to work.”
Why is fighting with him making him more and more attractive. Like it’s even possible, the meaner I get the hotter he gets. Shit now he’s walking towards me. Or stalking. Something like animals do to their prey before they pounce. I feel like I should be scared of him, but my body is strung so tight right now this whole show is turning me on more than it should.
“Sweetheart” he begins, face to face. So close I can feel the heat radiating off of him “Money is a non-issue with me, therefore it needs to be a non-issue with you. What is an issue, however, is a possible murderer, definite playboy, undressing you with his eyes right in front of me. NO ONE will do that again.” He takes a wild piece of hair and tucks it behind my ear, leaning in to kiss my neck right below my jaw. Shivers lace through my body as I feel the all too familiar pull between my legs. He continues little pecks all around my neck and on to the other side. His hands roam down my side, gripping my hips and pulling me into him. The anger inside of him from earlier is replaced by pure desire. He looks me square in the eyes and repeats the phrase I hate the most, yet love hearing out of his beautiful mouth.
“You are mine Molly, get used to it.”
His lips crush into mine as he backs me against the wall. Hands on my hips, he lifts me and I wrap my legs around him. All while I’m trying my hardest not to grind against him, he’s trying his hardest to make me.
“Ahem…” a voice cut through the fog. That voice. Once you hear it once you can’t mistake it. Shit shit shit!
I push Tatum away, fixing my outfit as best as I can. Tatum just stands there just staring at me. Not smiling, not frowning. Is he even breathing?
“What do you need Mr. Delany?” he speaks as I catch my breath, never taking his eyes off of mine.
“I forgot my jacket earlier, just coming back to grab it before I check in to the hotel. Sorry for interrupting…that.” I hear him chuckle and roll my eyes. Thank the Lord Tatum hasn’t turned around yet, because the whole time Rob is speaking he’s looking at me like he could eat me alive. Unsure how I feel about this (though it should creep me out) I speed out of the room to grab his jacket.
Tatum has turned to look at Rob by the time I return to the room. Just staring at each other. The tension is insane; this is ridiculous.
“Here you go, Rob. Let me walk you out.” Tatum looks at me like I have three heads so I don’t look his way.
As we make it out the front door of the studio, Rob turns to smile at me.
“I’ll be at the motel down the street if you need… anything… Molly.” His eyes sweep down, then up, and my whole body tenses. He pauses when his stare makes it back to my eyes, smiles, and walks away. Those eyes are definitely something to stare at. So dark, so intense, yet so vulnerable. What’s behind the mystery? Why am I thinking this!? I most definitely should not care about this man.
Why is my body betraying me lately? Oh, wait. I remember. Pregnancy hormones are a bitch. My mind does not want to feel the way my body did when Rob looked at me that way, but seems it don’t have much of a choice. I sigh and walk back inside to a seething Tatum.
“Anything...my ass,” he mutters, then leaves me standing alone in my studio. What the hell is happening today?

Rob
I honestly could have gotten the jacket any time this week, it’s not like I don’t have hundreds of them. I had to see if my hunch was right, though. I had to make sure it was him before we move along with this plan. That man ripped everything away from me so many years ago, revenge will be a bitch for that one. A bitch named Molly.
Luckily I caught them in the middle of a very heated discussion that ended up leading to more, and that was just delicious to watch. Deliciously beautiful, Molly. The wild hair, the vibrant eyes. So plush. She will be perfect. This is all going better as planned. Originally the contract was just to get him…but seeing what I just did my plans have changed.
I smile to myself, knowing that I couldn’t be in any better of a position right now. He has no clue who I really am. 
I have to keep in touch with Molly for this stupid wedding that’s happening because the bride got knocked up. Everything is going wonderfully. Now all I have to do is keep up the charming Rob charade and everything will go my way. Time to start a mind fuck game that will send Tatum in a downward spiral. Everyone knows Tatum Savage can take down men twice his size. What everyone doesn’t know is that when it comes to mind games, Savage doesn’t do so well. This is going to be fun.


FOUR
Tatum
What's happening today? It keeps going from bad to worse! I need to chill out, I need to back off, and I need a drink. Unfortunately, bad things happen when I drink, so I end up here, in the middle of a cornfield. There are a lot of these around here so it’s not surprising this is currently my scenery. There’s a lake a half mile away or so, corn growing all around me. I think I smell cow shit.
How did I get here? Yes, I love her, but really? At least in Texas I was feared, therefore I was respected. The Savage name got away with anything in Texas. We aren’t criminals, per say (at least they couldn’t get us for anything) we're just that good. The real criminals are taken care of by us. I used to be my dad’s right hand man when it came to teaching those men some lessons. The men like the one that took my little sister and only returned her pieces. The men like the one who killed my brother. When my son was killed my life changed. I didn’t want to kill anymore. I didn’t want to be pitied, and I definitely did not want to talk about my loss every damn day of my life. I guess that’s how I got here. 
Because I wouldn’t face my past.
I’ve had so much death around me all of my life, but somehow I'm the one that's fortunate enough to be standing here, in the middle of a cow-shit laden field. Really, I need to be with Molly. I need to apologize. I know I'm being protective, but I’ve seen what men like him do to women. It’s not something that Molly needs to be wrapped up in.
First I need to cool off, though. If I see him again today I may want to put my fist through his pretty boy face. No scars, soft hands. This man has probably never been in a fight in his life. Me, on the other hand. Well, I’m full of battle wounds, yet I’ve lived to see another day.
I hate the fact she has to do this wedding. Doesn’t she know I have all the money we will ever need? I know telling her not to do the wedding will go over incredibly terrible so that’s not an option. My only option at this point is not to leave her side the entire time.
First thing is first. Time to grab a peanut butter cup and some flowers for her. I owe her an apology. And desk sex.

Molly
I have to wait three weeks. Three weeks before I'm able to see a doctor to confirm or deny my pregnancy test. Three weeks of keeping this huge news from everyone I know. Three weeks. A lot can happen in three weeks.
In order to keep my mind off the track it’s racing around, I start to rearrange my schedule to open it up for next weekend’s wedding extravaganza. Everyone's been very understanding when rescheduling. I only had to mention the Delany name once to get someone to agree to the switched date. I also had to give away a free print package to someone else who was very unhappy. Her dogs already had their scheduled bath and grooming session for the photos I was to take. Heaven forbid they get dirty before their pictures.
Sighing, I sit down at my desk and instinctively rest my hand on my abdomen. I still remember being pregnant with Alice. The first flutter, the first real kick, the first time her foot (or arm...or some appendage) got stuck in my ribs and I wasn’t sure I was going to make it. If this is all real, if I really am pregnant, I get to experience all of that again. Tears form in the corners of my eyes. I can’t believe I’m so lucky to have a second chance at life. After an unhappy past, maybe I’m now able to have a positive outlook on life.
Sitting here, thinking about everything, smiling down at my stomach, two things happen all at once. I hear my front door open and know immediately that Tatum’s back, and I’m so overcome with emotion from today that I barely make it to the trash can before throwing up everything I’ve eaten. Damnit, morning sickness. If this continues it’s going to be hard to keep it from him for three weeks.
His hand comes to rest gently on my back as I’m leaning over the trash can making sure I’m finished for now.
“You alright?” The gentle edge to his voice pulls at my heart strings. He really does care about me, that’s apparent.
“Yea, just a very upset stomach mixed with nerves from today. I’ll be ok.”
He looks uncertain, like he knows I’m lying.
“Molly, I’m sorry. I was an ass. I trust you and know you would never do anything with him. I’m not used to feeling jealous and I didn’t react well at all. Here, I got you these.”
He awkwardly hands me a package of peanut butter cups and a bouquet of flowers, like he isn’t used to apologizing. The chocolate is a wonderful thought, but just smelling the flowers makes my stomach turn. How to get around this without him being suspicious?
“I absolutely forgive you, especially when there is chocolate added into the apology,” I say, a genuine smile spreading across my face. “Thank you. Why don’t you grab a vase from the kitchenette and put those on the counter. I need to go freshen up from that.” I said nodding towards the trash can. I don’t go out to the counter much when I’m working so the smell shouldn’t bother me back here.
He carefully arranges the flowers in a vase and sets them on the counter. I watch him from the hallway, thanking the good Lord that this perfect specimen of a man is mine. Hormones on high alert again, my thoughts start drifting to places they shouldn’t be drifting while at work. The way his jeans hug his ass, the way his muscles are currently bulging out of the tight black t-shirt. After setting the flowers down, he walks towards the door, flips the lock and turns to me, somehow reading my mind.
“I do believe we have some unfinished business to take care of,” he says as he walks towards me. “I believe we were right about… here… when we were so rudely interrupted earlier.” He growls, then lifts me by my ass as I wrap my legs around me. Shoving us against the newly installed glass wall, I feel his fingers digging into my thighs as he holds me tightly to him.
His lips crush into mine, his hands holding my ass firmly. I wrap my arms around his neck and kiss him back like my life depends on it. Tatum’s a sweet lover, but takes what he knows he wants. 
And today, he wants me. On my desk.
I just have to hope that he wants me forever after I tell him the news. I’m not sure my heart can take more heartbreak. 
 “You’ve ruined me for other men” I manage to gasp after that mind blowing orgasm. Who knew desk sex could be so fulfilling?
He pushes up onto his elbows, unable to move the rest of his body as I’m still wrapped around him.
“You say that like there’ll be other men after me.” The sideways grin I receive makes my heart flop, just like it did the first time he smiled at me.
This man is going to make me forget everything I thought about not becoming dependent on another man. I’m already letting him creep into my life slowly by moving in with me and giving him the assistant position. If I’m not careful I’m going to lose myself to him, and the last time I did that I lost more than I bargained for.

FIVE
Tatum
Molly and I spend the rest of the afternoon planning out the three days of shooting that are rapidly approaching. She’s never shot such a big name wedding, and I’ve never shot a wedding period. I’m getting a crash course in lighting, camera use, and any other tiny tidbit that she can think of as we go through the afternoon and all the while I’m using any spare part of my brain to figure out how to keep her away from that man.
Delany. 
Jesus. 
 By the end of the night my brain is swelling with information, as well as an ever present swelling a little lower. Just looking at her move in her tiny shorts and crazy hair makes me want her. She doesn’t even know how beautiful she is, always pulling at her shirt to adjust it, or redoing her messy hair to make it look like she meant for it to be insane. I love every fucking bit of it, too. This is all so new to me, but if love really does grow like so many people say, I look forward to the future when I love her more than now, if that’s even humanly possible.
Molly has some things around the office to finish up, but it’s getting late and I can tell she’s getting hungry. Hangry’s more like it. I head back to the house, stopping by the store on the way, to make the only dinner I really know how to cook. Mom’s spaghetti. Mom’s specialty and one thing she made her kids learn before they left the house to move on into the big mean world.
On the porch is another box, much like the ones we’ve been unpacking, but it’s unmarked. Strange. Molly’s been insane with making sure my shit has labels on it. I’ve had to commission Eddie to help out at my place just to make sure things are done correctly. There shouldn’t be an unmarked box anywhere around. Alert on high now due to my father’s training to be suspicious of everything out of the norm, I look around before picking up the box and carefully taking it inside. It isn’t heavy, but I know that doesn’t matter. Sometimes the most dangerous things barely weigh anything.
I turn on the side table light, just enough to light up the room but not enough to alert anyone on the outside that I’m home, just in case someone’s watching.  I set the box on the coffee table and sit on the couch preparing myself to open it. An awful feeling is settling into the pit of my stomach and when I open the box I almost lose it.
One lone, dirty, baby blanket lie in the bottom of the box and takes my breath completely away from me.
It was his. It was in his carrier when she ripped him out of my world. So small, so helpless. Tears stream down my face and land on my arm resting on the table before I know I’m even crying. The blanket’s so soft, I still remember him wrapped up in it while he laid unresponsive in the hospital. The hole in my heart that had started to heal rips open at the awful memories the blanket brought back. It feel like I can’t breathe, like there’s something sitting on my chest, a burning that won’t cool down.
Sadness is suddenly replaced with anger; burning rage. Who the hell would do this? I was adamant that every trace of a child be wiped clean. Nothing was to be left to remind me of what I lost. Hell I left a great life because I didn’t even want the knowing stares and sympathy! Some parents that lose their child keep everything just as it was the last time their child touched it. Some never make their beds, dust their rooms, or change décor. I’m the total opposite. The therapists said everyone grieves differently, and that there’s nothing wrong with my form of grieving. I just don’t want to be reminded of it.
Now some asshole decides to pull this? Who the fuck kept my sons blanket? And why the hell did they just now decide to leave it on Molly’s front porch? What does she have to do with any of this?
Going into survival mode, I put the blanket back in the box and stash it in my office behind other boxes that I needed to unpack. Molly doesn’t need to know about this. It has nothing to do with her, and she already has enough on her plate to worry about. I make sure the doors are all locked and blinds closed, then I go about my night preparing dinner for the woman I love. All the while my brain is working it’s hardest to figure out what the fuck that was all about.
Setting the table, I notice a notecard on the floor next to the coffee table. Facing up are the words “revenge” in letters that seem to be scribbled frantically. The other side kills me:
Life only means something when you have loved ones to share it with.
The breath rushes out of me as I read the note over and over. The room no longer exists; I can’t even smell the smells of the dinner I’m preparing. All that I can see are the words on the page in front of me. What the fuck? I’m trained in all types of physical contact and fighting matters, but when it comes to this psychological bullshit I’ve got nothing. 
Fuck mind games.
The door opens and I quickly stash the note in my pocket and return to the stove to finish up dinner. Trouble seems to follow my girl around, and the last thing I need is to have her wrapped up in more danger. She’s already in enough when it comes to the Delany family.
“Hey babe,” she purrs as her arms wraps around me. “Smells wonderful.”
I haven’t cooked for her yet, so tonight will be the test. No sane person can turn down my mother’s spaghetti. We sit down to eat, making small talk about the Delany wedding. My mind’s racing but I have to keep my cool, there’s enough on her plate to make her worry about this. I can handle this, but I need to call my father.
The noises that come out of her while she’s finishing up her massive plate of carbs are enough to make me need to adjust my pants. This woman can even make eating erotic. Jesus. At least I know she’s enjoying it. Anyone who doesn’t like my mom’s spaghetti is bat-shit crazy.
Molly
Damn he can cook. He claims this is the only meal he really knows how to make, but I would beg to differ. I need to thank his mother if I ever meet her. 
Tatum’s been weird ever since I got home. I feel terrible for keeping my secret from him, but I can’t spread any hope until I know for a fact. I still don’t even know how he’s going to react, hell he could be pissed and leave me to raise this baby on my own. Not that it would make me love it any less, but I’d rather wait a little bit…wait and feel things out…before telling him.
Before my thoughts start to run away from me my work phone rings. Tatum grabs it before me and I hear him answer professionally, then his face gets tight and he holds the phone out for me.
“It’s for you,” he states, then stomps away. His reaction tells me who’s on the phone without even glancing at the screen. 
“Mr. Delany. How nice of you to call again.” I roll my eyes. This man’s called three times today already. “What can I help you with?”
“Molly, wonderful to hear your voice.”
“How can I help you, Mr. Delany?” I sigh. Something tells me this man is going to be harder to please than I originally thought. Why is he so serious about his cousins wedding pictures?
“I was hoping to meet with you. I need to speak with you and you alone about something that I’m not comfortable speaking about over the phone.”
Ugh.
“Can it wait until tomorrow? It is late and we have a busy week.”
“No.” His voice is tense and I’m more than annoyed by his neediness already. The only good thing about this wedding being moved up is that I have less time I have to deal with this family now. 
 “Well then, okay. Where are we meeting?”
He rattles off an address, a 24-hour coffee shop, and hangs up promptly. Shit, I really wanted to go to bed. This nausea’s been eating at me all day.
“Tatum!” I yell up the stairs.
He comes to the top, not speaking, obviously trying to calm himself. What the hell has gotten into him tonight? Maybe it’s a good thing I’m leaving him alone tonight. Maybe I’ll pick him up some Midol on the way home, which should help his man-period symptoms that he’s been stalking around house tonight with.
“Hey, that was Rob. Something came up and he needs to meet to talk about something urgent tonight. I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
“I’m going with you.” He decides without asking and starts to walk down the stairs. I can feel the nausea rolling through my stomach, damn nerves. Damn baby. NO…not damn baby. Happy thoughts.
“I’m not sure that’s what he meant when he called me. He made sure to mention he needed to talk to specifically me. Something’s going on that he’s uncomfortable with, and I can’t lose this client because they aren’t comfortable with me. Please, stay here and I’ll be back soon.” Come on stomach, why always in front of him?
He stops at the bottom step and glares at me. I stand my ground, unmoving. I’m going to win this battle. I will.
Right after I run to the bathroom and spill his mother’s spaghetti into the toilet.
 Damnit.
“Babe I’m worried about you. I think you’ve caught something. Please reconsider leaving tonight,” he says as he rubs my back while I kneel on the cold floor of the bathroom. If he only knew what I have….
“I’m fine, my nerves are shot. I’ll do this meeting then be home before you know it. If it makes you feel better we will work from home tomorrow, okay?”
That seems to help, though I can tell he isn’t happy about me leaving. Well, me neither buddy, but duty calls!
The café is practically empty, other than some teens hanging out in the corner. I wait at a table near the bathroom, just in case my stomach decides to disagree with the awful smell coming from the kitchen. Ugh.
He walks in and heads straight for me, like he owns the place. The polo shirt, the shorts, all make him seem so carefree and harmless and absolutely gorgeous. If it weren’t for the pitch black eyes he’d look like he was transplanted here from Malibu. Something about the darkness in them tells a different story, though.
“Thank you for meeting me so soon, Molly.” He sits in the chair next to me and relaxes back, crossing an ankle over his knee. Jesus, why’s he so good looking?
“All a part of the job, Rob. What’s up?” Hopefully this goes quick. My stomach really isn’t agreeing with the smells in this place.
“Ah, well. This is awkward, but it needs to be said. I’m not comfortable with your relationship with… Tatum is it? Your ‘assistant’. I’m not sure my cousin would appreciate your relationship with a coworker. The display I saw in your office makes me worried that your mind will not be on the wedding if he is tagging along.”
My eyes are huge, I’m sure, and I think my mouth is open. What the hell does that mean? He can’t be serious. Oh God…it’s coming up. My mouth starts to water but I push it back. Mind over matter, right?
“I’m sorry you feel that way. I can assure you we will be professional for the shoot, Rob. There is no need to worry.” Mind over matter. Mind over matter.
“We are Delany’s, Molly. There is always reason to worry.”
“I’m sorry y—” Nope, it’s not going to wait. Fuck me. I practically run to the bathroom and slam the door before I start puking what was left in my stomach out in the nasty toilet. Dear lord it was not this bad the first time…this sucks! Taking a minute to clean myself up, I wash my face, my hands, my arms, and wait until the puffy eyes recede before returning.
I sit back down and before I can get another word out he speaks.
“How far along are you?” His eyebrows are raised and he’s wearing an amused expression. So smug.
“Excuse me?” All of the men in my life have officially lost it tonight.
“Your complexion is perfect and glowing, you’re only drinking water, and your urge to run to the bathroom can only be matched by an equally pregnant woman in the midst of morning sickness. By the looks of it, however, you have more than just morning sickness. I’ve seen my share of them. Don’t lie to me.” He glares at me like I owe him something. I don’t owe him shit.
“You know what Mr. Delany. You are my client. I will respect your wishes when it comes to the wedding that is rapidly approaching. However, don’t think you can meddle in my personal life. I draw a very bold line between my personal and professional lives, and I’d like to keep it that way.” Well, at least I used to.
He chuckles and looks at me like it’s cute that I’m trying to stand up for myself. The smug attitude would normally set me off, but at this rate, my hormones take anger and turn it into lust every chance they get. God why?
“Does he know?” His face falls and eyes narrow.
Damn him.
“No,” I state simply. It’s implied by my look that I don’t want him knowing, either. He nods and looks away for a minute, as if thinking carefully about this next words.
“Then Ms. Ward,” he slyly adds. “You will leave him at home during the wedding. End of discussion.”
No fucking way.
“I understand you’re worried, but without an assistant I’m completely unable to shoot this wedding. And I don’t appreciate you attempting to manipulate me like that, either,” I snap. Maybe it isn’t really worth the money. He acts like everyone here owes him something. Kind of like my first impression of Tatum. Expect more broody and mysterious. And built.  He’s staring at me, stone-faced, unmoving. He lowers his voice and practically growls the next words at me.
“Ms. Ward you don’t have a choice in the matter. You do the shoot with one of my assistants, or you lose the contract, you lose the trust you had from your boyfriend, and you put your unborn child in danger. We wouldn’t want that again, now, would we?”
I should just slap him, and the twitching palm sitting on my water glass really wants to, but something tells me he’s the type of man to hit a woman. Money is money, there will always be money. There won’t always be my second chance at happiness, though. He could ruin everything, and he knows it.
Son of a bitch.
“I’ll be in touch. Tomorrow. Go get some sleep, Molly, you look like you need it.” He adds, then walks out into the dark night. Wonderful. How in the world am I going to convince Tatum to stay home that weekend? Today’s already been tough between us, this is just going to make things even more strained. 

SIX
Tatum
I sat on the porch the entire time she’s been gone, thinking about how much has really changed in the last month. I called my dad and filled him in on the blanket incident. He’s not too thrilled about it, and is planning on looking into what happened with it. He had to leave quickly, though, so now I sit, all alone. I feel empty when she isn’t here, which is a very strange feeling for me. I’m used to being on my own, not having anyone to answer to. Now, with Molly, I want to be with her every waking minute. I want to spend my life making her happy. I want to be the one that helps her out of tough situations. I want to be the one that celebrates with her, the one she thinks to call first in good times and bad. Hell, I’m becoming a hopeless romantic. The men I used to make fun of under my breath; the ones that I swore I’d never be. She did this to me, though. She’s my everything.
Breaking my thoughts, I see her park the car in front of the house. She doesn’t get out right away, and I’m not sure if she knows I’m sitting here. I watch her from the porch, the streetlight lighting up the inside of the car just enough to make out her movements. She just sits there for a minute, then puts her hands over her face. They stay there for a moment, like she’s troubled, then when she lowers her hands I notice her wiping under her eyes. Like she’s wiping away tears.
My face starts to get hot, thinking of all the awful things he did to make her cry. She’s so tough, though, what could be so bad that she would be crying by herself in her car? Why isn’t she at least crying on my shoulder? Do I go down there to her and let her know I saw her, or should I stay right here and play dumb? Why are relationships so difficult!?
I chose option 2, staying put in my chair afraid that if I did get up I wouldn’t stop until I was beating the face of Mr. Robert Delany. That would be bad, though. I think.
Molly finally gets it in her to crawl out of the car and come up the sidewalk. She stops on the stairs and gives me a weak smile, puffy eyes and all.
“Hey,” she says.
“Hey you, mind telling me what has you so upset tonight?”
“Oh, you saw that?” She looks down at her feet. She looks embarrassed. I don’t want her to ever be embarrassed with me. I want her to be comfortable with me. Comfortable enough to cry on my shoulder instead of alone in her dark car.
“Yea. Ya know, I didn’t like the fact that you were meeting him tonight, and then you come home and have a tear storm in your car before coming in to me. What’s going on babe? I’m starting to get worried.” And Tatum Savage doesn’t worry about things like this. At least that’s how it used to be before his heart was overtaken by a wild haired, green eyed beauty.
Molly sighs and drops down on the step with her back facing me. Why’s she being so distant tonight? I want to shake her and force her to tell me. The old Tatum would’ve given up at this point, but I can’t with her, so I’m patient. I’ll wait until she’s ready to talk. She’s tough on the outside, but I know there’s a lot more than a soon approaching wedding on her mind.
“He’s worried that we aren’t going to be professional at the wedding after the display he saw in the office,” she finally says quietly.
“Okay…” I drawl out. When she doesn’t say anything I push for more. “I mean, I can see where he’s coming from, but he has to know your business better than that. You obviously told him we would be nothing but professional, though. I mean, we’re going to be insanely busy all three days, so what is he so worried about?” I don’t have a good feeling of where this is going.
“His cousin would hate to be overshadowed by our passion for one another.”
“She’s the fucking bride, no one will be able to overshadow the bride in a Delany wedding,” I scoff.
“That’s not what he thinks. He says you’re out. Staying home this weekend.”
Now would be a good time to continue breathing, Tatum.
“And you told him to fuck off, correct?” I growl.
“Tatum, I need this wedding. It’s the biggest name I’ve ever had as a client. It’ll do wonders for my business and my bank account.”
“Molly, tell me you told him no.” I’m starting to get the feeling she didn’t stick up for us like I’m hoping she did. She’s silent, and she won’t look at me. Fuck.
“I tried,” she whispers.
“FUCK no. That’s what I say about that. You are not spending three days with the Delany’s without me right by your side!” I feel sick. She is not spending all weekend with this family. I didn’t like the thought of it being a Delany wedding, but I was living with it since I’d be able to be there and watch over her. Without me there, there’s no telling what they’ll do to her!
She turns and looks at me. Not really looking at me, though. It’s like she’s looking through me, like she’s trying to detach herself from the situation. From me.
“I’m very sorry you feel that way, Tatum. However, the client is always right. If this is what they want and they are paying me for it, then I have to listen.” Fucking NO. It’s like I’m talking to a Goddamned robot! Where’d my strong willed woman go?!
“Like hell you do. Molly I have all the money you will ever need, how much do I need to tell you that?! Just tell me what you need…how much you need…I’ll give it all to you. It’s all yours. Whatever you do, you can’t go to this wedding without me. They’re dangerous babe. I’ve already lost you once, I won’t make it again.” I’m begging, I know I am, but there’s nothing else I can do at this point. Sure I love her because she’s strong willed, but right now her will to be the higher power is winning out and I hate it.
Shit.
Looking at me with a blank expression, she sighs and shakes her head, then walks in the house without saying another word.
Fuck!
Molly
I feel so sick right now. Unsure if it’s the hormones or the recent addition of the threats and blackmail from the Delany family, I try to lie down and go to sleep, but every time I close my eyes I see the horror that I lived through just a few short weeks ago. I don’t know where Tatum went or if he’s still here. I know he’s pissed at me, but he’s going to need to get over it. I need this wedding. I just wish there were a way for him to be there with me.
Lying there, I imagine what life could be like if I really am pregnant. I let my mind wander aimlessly through dreams of babies, diapers, and middle of the night feedings. All of the things that parents complain about, I want so badly to enjoy. I’ve never really given thought to getting pregnant again since no doctor ever gave me hope that it would happen, but ever since those two little lines showed up on the test I can’t stop myself. I know it’s probably not the best thing to be doing, but it just happens.
I should tell him. I know I should. I think I’m more scared, though. What if he doesn’t want any more kids? What if having one and losing one was enough for him to not want any more? I don’t think I’d be able to take that type of rejection from him. This man walked into my life a very short while ago and stole my heart. I never thought I’d love again, never thought I’d have the prospect of a family again, but here I am. What if it’s not what he wants?
Honestly, I should be more worried about the fact that Robert Delany is blackmailing me, threatened my unborn child, and is forcing my hand at the decision to go into a wedding as big as it is without my assistant. I should be more worried that I’m wrapped up in drama with the Delany family. I should be, but the thought of Tatum leaving me scares me more. I swore to myself that I wouldn’t turn into this woman, but here I am. Lying in bed, unable to sleep, worrying over a guy I just met. Granted, I don’t feel like I had much of a choice in falling in love, though. It just happened.
There’s a soft knock on the door and I realize I’ve been sitting here in the dark crying about things that are out of my control. This isn’t me! I wipe my eyes, thankful that it’s dark and he can’t see the red puffy circles around them, and tell him it’s open.
Tatum walks in looking like someone kicked his puppy.
“You still awake?” he asks, slowly walking towards the bed.
“Yea. Can’t sleep.” He knows all too well the trouble I’ve had with sleeping lately. The only way I’m able to fall asleep anymore is in his arms, and he wasn’t here tonight to hold me. It hurts, actually, thinking that one man can cause so much pain in my chest.
He stretches out on the bed next to me, hands under his head, staring at the ceiling. We both know we need to talk about this, but neither of us make a move to start the conversation. God I don’t want to hurt him.
“I tried, you know” I start. He doesn’t move, but I know he’s awake, taking in everything I’m about to say. The only way out of this mess is to tell him the truth. My past is so full of lies, I don’t want any more lies clouding our relationship.
“He threatened me.” I feel him tense next to me, his breath hitches while he tries to control his response to my admission. “I told him I couldn’t do the shoot without you. I told him we would be professional. He wouldn’t listen. He told me he would pull the contract, which would ruin my credibility. ” Okay so not quite the truth, but I’m getting there.
“I don’t get it, Molly. Why does this wedding mean so much? Why can’t you just back out?”
I sigh. He doesn’t understand my need of being able to take care of myself.
“You don’t know what it feels like to lose everything you had. To lose the love of your life, the one you had depended on since you were 18 years old. When everything happened, I promised myself I would never become dependent on another man. Ever. It’s hard for me, what we’re doing, the two of us.” The truth hurts to speak, so I know it hurts for him to hear. He’s been acting like this is all hunky-dory, but it’s been hard for me to adjust to this new lifestyle of having someone to depend on.
By now he’s turned on his side, staring at me in the dark. It’s well after midnight, but I’m not tired anymore. I’m ready to put it all out there. Maybe if he knows the truth, then Rob won’t have such a hold on me when it comes to the terms of the wedding and Tatum will be able to join me. That’s all I want, really. I want Tatum to accept happily the possibility of having a baby and be able to continue on with the photography business with him by my side. And I want to do this my way.
“I feel like you’re hiding something more, Molly.” His voice is gentle but I can tell he’s trying his hardest to stay calm. Without saying a word, I get up, walk to my purse and grab the test. Knowing how his ex-girlfriend sprung her pregnancy on him I’m trying to be as gentle as possible with this news.
My hands are shaking as I walk across the dark room. This could very possibly be the end of us. He could see the results and run. It could happen, so I brace myself for the worst and hand him the test.
“What is this?” His voice rough. I can’t answer as the tears are threatening. “Molly, what the fuck is this?”
“I took this yesterday, Tatum.” I say, barely a whisper.
I hear the breath rush out of him and he curses under his breath.
“Are you serious, Molly?” His voice is like gravel; rough and unemotional.
 Shit.
I nod, silently answering his question, unable to turn to face him. I can’t see the betrayal in his eyes. The look of pity for the woman he unfortunately knocked up.
“This isn’t some cruel, sick joke?”
I shake my head. “I’m so sorry.”
The words come out before I even know why I said them. Once they’re out there’s no taking them back. I’m sorry that I’m having a baby. I’m not sorry that I’m finally going to get what I thought I always wanted. I am sorry, though, that Tatum is going to feel trapped. I never wanted that. I start rambling as a coping mechanism.
“You don’t have to say anything. I don’t expect anything. I don’t expect any money. No expectations. I don’t want you to feel trapped, that’s not what this is.”
“Stop Molly.” His voice booms in the dark bedroom. I feel his hands wrap around me and he hugs me tighter than he ever has before. We sit there, tears form in my eyes and spilled down my cheeks. He doesn’t say anything for a long time, but I’m no longer worried. This isn’t the reaction that I was bracing myself for. This is way better.
He finally sits up and places his hands on my face, staring at me. The moonlight coming in through the window lights up enough of his face to see the glow in his eyes as he stares at me with an adoration I didn’t think possible.
“Thank you, Molly” he whispers.
“Don’t, Tatum. I don’t want to get your hopes up. I wasn’t going to tell you, but I couldn’t keep it from you any longer.”
“You weren’t going to tell me?” He drops his hands and looks at me, confusion replacing the adoration from earlier.
“I wanted to meet with a doctor before telling anyone. With the news I got after I was shot, I didn’t think I’d ever get pregnant. I really wanted to get an ultrasound done to confirm everything before I got my hopes up, along with anyone else’s. I wasn’t going to keep it from you permanently...just until I was 100% sure…” I trail off. He knows what I was going to say. Just until I was 100% sure it wasn’t a false positive. They happen all the time.
“Baby… I don’t even know where to start. Molly, before you I never thought I wanted any of this. The house, sharing everything, caring for someone as deeply as I care for you? I never thought I wanted a family. Now. This. It’s…aahh!” He grabs my face again and kisses me harder this time, laughing a hearty laugh. “You’re giving me everything I thought I never wanted… and I couldn’t be happier!”
I grin and when he pulls me to him, I rest my head on his chest but I still feel the heavy weight of guilt eating at me. This is why I didn’t want anyone else to know. My body can still fail me. I’ll be a failure now in his eyes if this pregnancy isn’t legit. If my hormones are so jacked up it just made the test read positive. Now, more than ever, I’m hoping for a miracle.

SEVEN
Tatum
I’ve been walking on cloud nine since Molly gave me that test, so pumped I haven’t been able to sleep much all night. I can’t fucking believe it, but it looks like I’m getting a second chance at being a dad. A second chance I will not screw up.
She’s been asleep most of the morning after our late night talk last night, and I’ve been right here next to her, watching her sleep. After our talk she fell asleep in my arms, the only way she’s been able to fall asleep since the incident a few weeks ago. I have my laptop to get some work for my dad done while she sleeps soundly, killing two birds with one stone per say.
Molly doesn’t know the types of jobs I used to do for my dad. She now thinks I’m doing book keeping for him on the side, which isn’t really a lie. This type of book keeping, however, is more like tracking the next set of targets for my father. It’s nothing compared to the lives I fucked up when I lived in Texas, but it definitely helps. My father isn’t a bad man, really. I like to think of him as a vigilante, though the police would beg to differ if they ever truly find out what he does. Yes, as his son I feared him at certain points in my life, especially during my teen rebellious years. His own flesh and blood learned very fast not to cross him. Once I learned the ropes of the family business, though, it was hard not to get involved. The money is a nice touch too, I guess.
My e-mail dings and up pops a new message from my father. Speak of the devil.

Tatum,
I hope this finds you well. I looked into the matter you asked me about. No one at the hospital remembers what happened with your son’s belongings when he passed, even though we gave specific instructions to discard of everything. I wasn’t getting complete answers from a female source I have in the hospital so I will send in Mat. He will find out the truth behind this. Something seems off, though, so I will keep on it. I am truly sorry about this, I can’t imagine how it felt to open that box.
I know you also asked me to keep a few men on the lookout for movement from Washington, and as of right now there is no news on that front.
I can’t end this message, either, without asking you if you will be in for Easter this week. Your mother may stab me if I don’t ask. She’s a scary woman when she’s mad.
I will inform you with any more advances in your problem, please let me know about Easter.
All the best,
Dad

I shake my head at his scattered email. My father. Never was able to keep personal life out of business life. I guess that’s how he eventually ended up with my mom.
I sigh and rub my face. I’m not tired physically, but mentally I’m exhausted. I can’t type him back right now. I need to collect my thoughts and come down from the high I’m currently riding. I‘m going to respect Molly’s wishes of not telling anyone, but it’s going to mean that I have to really think before I open my big mouth.
As far as the blanket goes, I have my guesses as to who it could be but I’m not taking the chance of closing in on one person quite yet. There are a lot of people out there who would want to see me suffer. Eddie e-mailed and told me he didn’t find anything unusual with the bank statements from Charlie’s mother before her death so it rules her out of anything. I asked him to look into her family ties so see if anyone she was related to knew about me. It’s amazing how priority can change, though. I was sick earlier from the thought of having that blanket in the house, and the memories and hurt it resembled. Add to it that someone seems to be playing yet another awful game of revenge and I was worried sick.
Now that I know about the baby that Molly is carrying, though, my thoughts have shifted and now all I can think about is her. She’s giving me everything. The only thing I can give her is safety. It’s at this point in the morning that I decide, no matter how much she fights me on it, I’m not leaving her side for the wedding. The Delany’s can go fuck themselves.
 I never thought I’d be so protective over a woman, but Molly brings out parts of me I never knew existed. There is no way in hell I am letting her spend three full days out of town for this wedding without me. I have a terrible feeling that the events of the last few days are all connected. How, I’m not sure, but Eddie will find out. He’s good like that.
Molly starts to stir as her phone rings from the kitchen for the seventeenth time today. I should’ve silenced it earlier after it rang the first time, but I couldn’t leave her. She’s absolutely stunning laying here next to me, skin glowing and breathing evenly. She rolls over and opens her eyes. They land first on my shirtless body and I swear the look she gives me could melt ice. All it takes is one look from her and I’m ready to take her, any way she’ll have me.
“Hey,” she says sleepily “I really slept in. Holy crap what time is it?”
Sitting up, more alert than before, she quickly realizes how long I let her sleep.
“I should be upset, but I feel so wonderful right now I think I’ll forgive you.” She smiles at me as she stretches out, her body curving in all the right areas. I don’t know what some guys see in stick thin women. I love curves on the female body, they’re so natural. Against my inner wishes, Molly gets out of bed and heads into the bathroom. I hear her brushing her teeth and give her a minute to wake up before joining her for a shower.
Molly
Last night was the first night in weeks I slept soundly. No nightmares, no tossing and turning, just a full night of peaceful sleep. I can’t help but think some of it has to do with Tatum’s reaction to the baby news last night. To say I’m thrilled is an understatement. Now all I have to do is make sure my body keeps this baby nice and snug where it should be for the next 9 months. Okay, well first I need to make sure that there’s really a baby cooking in there. I don’t even want to imagine the hurt on his face if it turns out I’m not pregnant.
After our shower and breakfast we head out together for the studio. I need to update some of my software today, gather and create some props for the wedding, as well as get Tatum started on building the photo booth backdrop we’ll be using. I guess having a man around can come in handy. We park the car behind the coffee shop to grab some breakfast and walk across the street to the studio. I love this small town feel. Everyone knows everyone else, it’s not the hustle and bustle of the big city like Washington was. Yes, sometimes the people in this town really try and barge into other people’s business, but they’re doing it with the best intentions. At least that’s what I tell myself when they meddle in my life.
Things haven’t been too bad since we’ve been back. Alex and Betty have stopped by the studio a few times just to see how things are going. I’m sure they also wanted to get a good look at the man candy working with me, but everyone here knows how off-limits Tatum is. This morning Betty is standing in front of the shop looking incredibly worried, which says something because her face normally looks surprised. She must be working overtime to make it look so glum.
“What’s going on Betty?” I ask while I’m unlocking the front door.
“Well, I just want to let you know there was someone here last night. I knew you had a meeting with that Delany man since Sylva saw the two of you on the other side of town, so I knew it couldn’t have been you, Molly. I wasn’t sure if Tatum was here, or if someone was snooping around where they didn’t belong. Either way, thought you should know.” She nods at both of us and hurries back to the coffee shop. 
Strange. 
I feel Tatum stiffen beside me at her words. When Betty walks away, he holds on to my arm and slips in front of me, taking the keys from my hand.
“Don’t go inside. Wait here for me,” he tells me. He wants to check things out first, before I go in and potentially put myself at risk. I’m sure it’s nothing, but I’m glad he’s here with me. That makes me stop and really think about this wedding coming up. I shouldn’t have to deal with someone who doesn’t know how I work just because of an insecure bride. I think I’ll be having a chat with Mr. Delany today.
Once I get the all clear from Tatum my first thought is to check if everything is still where it should be. I’ve dealt with break-ins before, and I know what to look for. My cameras are all still lined up on the shelf like they should be, computer is still in the same place I left it. Everything seems to be where it was left last night. I do notice the flowers on the desk are moved, but I could’ve absent mindedly moved them on my way out. Whatever the case, the smell from them hits me and I run back to the bathroom, just making it to the toilet before my breakfast makes its way back up. Crap.
I hear Tatum behind me as I am cleaning up. He watches me, then it’s like something clicks.
“Morning sickness. Shit I should have known. I’m so sorry baby.”
“It’s okay. You know now. And now I can tell you, that as beautiful as those flowers are, every time I smell them they make me have the urge to vomit.”
He moves faster than I’ve ever seen him move to take the flowers outside to the small table in front of the studio. That man. I smile and shake my head because he’s mine and there’s nothing getting in our way.
***
It’s a little after five when I hear the door bell’s signal that someone’s walked in. We’ve been working frantically all day to make the props and get the setup for the photo backdrop planned before the newborn shoot we have to do tonight. I don’t even try to get out of this one. I can’t stand pushing off those photos and Tatum agreed. Tatum’s in the parking lot in the back starting to rough out the design and I came inside not too long ago to grab a drink and check e-mails. I walk into the front room to see Rob standing there like he owns the place. My God this man is beautiful. I really need to stop these thoughts from forming in my head. But come on. Over six feet, tattoo’s running up the majority of his left arm, lean but built, and those eyes. They draw you in and make you not want to look away.
“Hello Mr. Delany, how may I help you today?” I’m suddenly angry at everything that’s taken place since he came to town. Had he not been here, I wouldn’t have had to get Tatum’s hopes up about a baby, I wouldn’t have had to reschedule shoots, and I wouldn’t have had to work so frantically to get things ready for a wedding that was happening nine months earlier than planned.
“Molly. I hope you will continue to call me Rob. Have you thought about last night?”
“I have. I will be bringing Tatum with me, as he is my assistant and knows exactly how I shoot. A photographer is nothing without their assistant.”
“I thought I told you that wasn’t going to happen?” he growls.
“You requested it, but after speaking with him last night when I got home…..about everything…he is one hundred percent on board. We both promise to be incredibly professional and respectful for the bride’s big day.”
I hear Tatum walk in while I’m talking. He comes to the counter to grab his water and stops to watch. I appreciated that he’s letting me fight this battle on my own, but there’s a part of me that’s secretly jumping up and down that he’s there to help if things goes badly. Not that I think that Rob would hurt me, but I wouldn’t put it past him to make an even stronger threat. He did threaten my safety last night.
“Oh, so he knows about the baby?! Congratulations you are going to be a daddy… again.” he practically yells and glances towards Tatum, who’s standing straighter now that he’s been addressed. He looks stricken. Shit.
“You need to leave, Mr. Delany. If I have any further questions about the wedding I will e-mail.” I try to diffuse the situation all the while trying to figure out how Rob knew about Tatum’s child. The Savages aren’t reclusive by any means, but Texas is a far way away from Illinois.
Rob walks out, letting the door slam behind him. I chance a look over at Tatum who’s still standing there, water in hand, glaring at the door. Afraid he’s going to explode I tried to lighten the situation.
“Asshole. What is it with rich men thinking they own everyone? Psh.” I say and start back to my office to get back to returning e-mails.
Tatum walks in and stops in the doorway.
“I thought you said no one knew.”  Shit, he’s right. I did.
I sigh. This is going to be an ugly conversation.
“He guessed. Last night when we met to discuss his recent demands. I couldn’t last an hour without throwing up. It’s worse at night, I’ve now realized.”
Tatum doesn’t say anything, so I continue blabbing.
“He guessed, I couldn’t lie, then he told me I had to kick you out of the shoot or else people would know about the baby and….” That one word. And. I don’t know why it came out, but now that it has I’m not going to get around telling him the entire truth about the threat last night.
“And what Molly?”  The glare he’s sending me sends shivers down my spine.
“And that I’d be putting the safety of our baby on the line,” I add quietly. “He probably didn’t mean anything about it, it just shook me.”
	“He threatened our child and you thought it would be fine if you didn’t tell me!? Fuck Molly!!”
Tatum storms out and down the street. From the looks of it he’s headed towards the motel. Shit. Why can’t we have one peaceful week around here!?

EIGHT
Tatum

That asshole. That mother fucking asshole.
By the time I have my way with him, there won’t be any question as to who makes the decisions in Molly’s life. It most definitely isn’t him. I pound on every door at the motel before I find his room. He opens the door, smugly standing in the opening like nothing can touch him.
Watch me.
“It would do you and your family good if you went back home, Rob.” I growl. Physical contact is what I want. I want to beat the shit out of him, teach him not to threaten women anymore. Especially my woman.
“Ah Tatum,” he addresses me, completely ignoring my words. “Don’t you think this conversation is best inside, out of the public’s eye?”
I walk inside, ready to pounce when he starts talking as he pours himself a glass of whiskey. Jesus this fucker is so smug, all I want to do is wipe that smirk off his mother fucking face.
“You know, I never triggered you for a man who got worked up over a woman. All we’re trying to do is make sure my cousin has a successful wedding, without any drama. A Savage at a Delany wedding would most definitely bring drama.”
“Please, Rob, enlighten me as to why you would think that.”
“Oh you don’t know? Even better.” He smiles and stares at me.
What the fuck is he talking about?
“You’re about to get your ass kicked you smug mother fucker,” I grind out. He needs his face punched in.
“You know, Molly really is a looker. That hair, those expressive eyes. And that ass…man just thinking about her,” he groans and adjusts himself.
That’s when I lose it. The control I was trying to hold all explodes when he mentions my Molly. I swing and hit him right on the side of the face with enough force to knock him back, but not to bring him down. He smiles when he looks back at me.
“That’s it. Keep playing the good guy. We all know your truth, though. All it takes is a little bit of temptation.”
What the fuck? Who the hell is this man? The Delany’s and the Savage’s have never crossed paths before, so how does he think he knows everything about me? I need to get out of here. I need to get my father on the phone. 
Leaving the Motel, I see Molly walking down the street at a pretty good pace. She looks worried. Fuck, how am I going to explain this to her?
“Hey babe.” I try to act cool.
“Hey to you. Where did you go?” She’s glaring at me. There are those daggers again.
“To pay a visit to your friend Rob. He won’t be bothering you anymore.” God I hope so, at least. My gut tells me this is far from over, though.
“I don’t believe that for a second. Listen Tatum, I appreciate you protecting me, but you cannot go around harassing my clients!” She pokes me in the chest as she whips words at me. “I have a reputation to uphold! If you can’t keep your anger and jealousy at bay then maybe you shouldn’t be here!”
The rage that’s burning in me from the confrontation with Rob slips out.
“What the fuck Molly!? You should be pissed he threatened you and the baby! Instead you’re protecting him and yelling at me for protecting you!? That’s crazy bullshit!”
She stands there, hands on her curvy hips, stone-faced.
“Fuck this Mol, I can’t take all of this right now. I’ve got enough shit going on to have to deal with these mood swings.” Not the best choice of words, but they’re out there. She’s completely lost it! This beautiful woman has officially lost it, and it looks like she’s going to attack.  I may have temporarily forgotten about the pregnancy, and the side effects of pregnancy. Especially that big one: MOOD SWINGS LIKE A CRAZY BITCH. That’s what she’s being right now. The woman I love has turned into some money hungry, status searching bitch who just wants her name to be up there with the power of the Delany’s. Well screw that.
“You know what? You want to deal with that family? Go right ahead. I’m not stopping you anymore.” I say, then I walk off. I need to collect myself.

Molly
After he ripped me a new asshole on the side of the street for being worried about my business, a business that I’ve worked my ass off to get where it is, Tatum walked away from me.
That was three days ago.
I haven’t heard his voice, I haven’t seen his face, and his motorcycle is still parked at my house. Three very long, depressing days. I don’t know where he is or if he’s coming back. The sinking feeling in my chest feels like there’s a boulder trying to pull me into the darkness. A darkness I remember feeling five years ago. This is why I chose not to love again. This feeling of despair when the person you love leaves you is awful. Second only to the despair of losing a child. Unfortunately, I’ve had enough of both of those to last a lifetime.
I haven’t been into the studio, but I’ve been working at home trying to keep my mind off of things. I haven’t heard anything from Rob. I guess I’m still doing the wedding next week since I haven’t been officially fired, but I don’t even care anymore. The Molly from three months ago would hate the girl I’ve turned in to, but I can’t help it. I loved him. Hell, I still love him. I just don’t know where he is.
A few close friends have stopped by the house to see how I’m doing. I lied and told them I have a stomach bug, that way when I ran to the bathroom to spill whatever was in my stomach they don’t think twice about the other reason I would be puking. They’ve brought me soup, bread, magazines. Never once asking where Tatum is. Never once acknowledging that he wasn’t here. It was like an unspoken rule: ‘don’t remind her that he left’.
On Friday morning, after three days without a shower (because being in there reminds me of our showers together, which would bring back the tears and depression) I finally decide it’s time to step up, get cleaned up, and go to the studio. If I’m still doing this wedding, there are things that need to be finalized that I just can’t do from home.
I pull on my shorts then grab a t-shirt and flip-flops. I said I was going out, not trying to win a fashion contest. This is comfortable Molly, if the town people don’t like it they can kiss my ass. I just don’t care anymore. All I can think about is Tatum. How sweet he is, how caring he is. Hell, even when he was being protective and demanding I loved him. Every part of him. I thought this was it…I thought we would make it last. A part of me still hopes for that, but I’m trying to not get my hopes up. How he could walk away from me and stay away for three days with no contact has made me realize how easy it must have been for him. How could he just walk away from me like that, especially when I may be pregnant with his child?
Walking down the street, I’m struck with the worst pain I’ve ever experienced. 
“Oh god.” I clutch at my stomach in pure panic. It literally feels like it’s on fire and I can’t do anything to help it. I can’t even stand anymore it’s so bad. I fall to my knees on the ground to try to compose myself, but the pain won’t stop. Oh God what’s happening? Not again! I know what my body’s doing to me, but it can’t. I won’t let it! I’ve already let one baby die, this is not happening again!
People come running out of the store I’m in front of, talking to me, asking me questions but I can’t answer. All I can do is grit my teeth through the agonizing pain that’s now radiating through my entire body. I’m so dizzy, everything feels like it’s moving. God this is awful! All I can think to myself as my body is betraying me yet again is that I wish Tatum were here. I cry, I’m pretty sure I scream, but then everything goes black.



NINE
Tatum
After I walked away from Molly I had some soul searching to do. I called Eddie and had him find me a place in town to rent under his name so I could have some time to myself. 
I love Molly so much it hurts. I miss her so much I can’t move without my body aching, begging me to go back to her. I need time, though. I went from not thinking I would ever want to love anyone, no kids, nothing…to having it all with her. I didn’t think I wanted any of it…then this red headed, green-eyed vixen waltzed into my life and everything imploded. My heart started beating again, my brain started functioning properly again, and I learned how to smile again. The news she broke the other day made me feel like I could float I was so happy.
A baby? A second shot? 
Hell yes. 
I know walking away from her was probably not the right choice, but there was so much more going on in my head at the time. I know myself, and when I get mad I do stupid things. Stupid things like walk away from the woman you love because you think she’d be happier without you. That was really it, too. Without me here, her life wouldn’t be falling down around her right now. She’d have a thriving business, a best friend still, and her schedule and money situation wouldn’t be about to dwindle due to another mouth to feed. 
Of course this is a stupid way of thinking, but I’m a man. It’s what I do. It’s not that I don’t plan on going back and begging forgiveness, I just need to straighten some of my shit up first.
I called Eddie yesterday and am having him do some heavy searches into the Delany family. It may not be legal, but this guy is so good no one will ever find traces of his snooping. Mr. Robert Delany is well known in Texas for some not so nice handlings of women. This news doesn’t surprise me, actually. The first time I looked into those eyes I knew there was an evil inside of him just waiting to get out. My phone rings, bringing me out of me thoughts. Eddie better have more information for me.
“Dude, why is it that you leave town and get into more trouble than you did when you lived here?” he starts.
“Shut it. Remember who pays you. What did you get?”
“Dude, I’m surprised you never crossed this man’s path before.”
“What the hell does that mean?” Growing impatient to his word games.
“He was Candace’s fucking brother, Tatum!” Eddie laughs, like it’s funny this man is related to the deceased mother of my deceased child.
That’s when it all fucking clicks. The baby blanket: only family would have rights to that shit. Apparently being a Delany in Texas is a big enough deal to go against the Savage name. That’s why no one wanted to talk about what happened to the baby stuff, because they were scared shitless of the repercussions. 
“Holy shit,” I whisper, shaking my head. “You’re sure?”
“I’m fucking one hundred percent. You’re wrapped up in some ridiculous shit, Tatum. You think your dad is scary…Fuck. I’d take Al any day over the Delany’s. Especially that brother.”
“Fuck me,” I blurt, shoving on my shoes. “Fuck, Eddie!” The note: Revenge. Shit! Even down to threatening Molly and forcing me off of the shoot. It’s all because he believes I’m the reason his sister was killed. Mother fucker. I need to see her. Now.
I race out the door after hanging up on him, unshaven and still in my clothes from yesterday. Not caring who notices where I came from, not caring at all who notices I haven’t showered in three days. I need to get to her. I need to apologize. I need to make this right, and then finish what Robert Delany came here to start.
Molly
The words keep ringing in my head but I don’t quite think I’m processing them correctly.
I’ve been in the hospital for a day now, but I woke up from everything just a few hours ago. Since then, I’ve been given a wealth of information I wish I had never heard. I wish I could just go back to sleep and wake up from this damned nightmare.
Ectopic pregnancy.
Those two words keep coming out of the doctor’s mouth, but it’s not hitting home.
There was never a baby to begin with. Well, there was technically, but there wasn’t ever a chance for it. The doctor, a middle aged woman, notices I’m not paying attention anymore. How can I? My body failed me again.
“Molly, is there anyone you want us to call?” she asks gently, like I’m going to fucking break.
“No,” I say, then do my best to roll over pain free and curl up. The doctor leaves shortly after, telling me she’ll be back later to check the progress of the medicine they gave me.
I really don’t have anyone. I keep wishing I would wake up from this, but this is unfortunately as real as real life gets. Maybe I’m just not cut out for the white picket fence. Maybe I’m doomed to be the crazy cat lady.
A soft knock on the door makes me glance over. A tall, lanky, dark skin and buzzed head nurse stands at the door. He tilts his head to the side and smiles at me.
“Hey you, glad to see you’re awake. Up for company?”
“Sure, I guess.”
He walks in and pulls up a chair. Introducing himself as Trey, he starts spilling his guts about his day, and some boyfriend he misses. I’m not quite sure what he thinks he’s doing in a random patient’s room, but whatever it is, he’s cheering me up little by little. Trey is fantabulous in every definition of the word.
“So girlfriend, tell me. How are you taking this?” He’s referring to the news I just received, but I’m just thankful that he didn’t say those two words again.
“I’ll be okay,” I manage. I don’t want to talk about it. I don’t want to talk about the betrayal I feel. Both from Tatum and from my body. I love that man so much, that if he waltzed back in here now I would take him back no questions asked. That says how low I’ve gotten.
“You know, it’s not the end of the world.”
 I smile, because I know he’s trying his hardest to cheer me up.
“That’s not a very effective way to brighten someone up,” I answer. Instead of backpedaling, though, he pushes on with his theory.
“It may not seem like it, but it’s the truth. You got the cold hard facts. You now need to decide how you’re going to use it. Are you going to let it ruin you, or are you going to accept it and move forward?” His gentle smile does soothe me. 
Maybe he’s right. I can live with it, I know that much, because I’ve done it before. My heart’s still holding out for Tatum, though. I don’t know if he’ll ever come back, and I’m angry for that, but if he does…well then the question will be if he can live with it or not. I’m not sure I can take him leaving me again.
Maybe it’s better he doesn’t come back.
I felt so comfortable with Trey I end up telling him everything. Never before have I thought I’d end up telling a random nurse my life story, but it feels good being able to talk about it and not have a panic attack. 
We chat for a while longer, then he leaves to check on other patients and I lay down for a nap. Falling asleep has been hard since Tatum left, but I’m so tired from the medication that it doesn’t take me long to fall into a deep slumber.
Tatum
The amount of misery I thought I had felt these last three days without her has just risen to a point I wasn’t even sure was humanly possible. I’m driving to the hospital two towns over, praying with each passing minute that she’s okay. No one could tell me anything, just that she fainted and the ambulance took her to the hospital. I can’t even begin to process what would happen to my life without her in it. I was stupid. Fucking stupid to think that leaving her to sort out my shit would do any good.
Finally parking outside the hospital in what probably is a no parking zone, I run inside and find the first worker I can. Someone has to tell me where she is. 
After a few scrutinizing stares from onlookers, I’m finally able to find out what room she’s in. All it takes is a tiny white lie. A white lie that I will make the truth if she’ll ever forgive me for how stupid I’ve been. Why does it always take tragedy for people to realize their mistakes?
I’m riding the elevator with an old man. He has flowers in his hand and when he catches me staring at them he finally speaks up.
“You forgot flowers, didn’t you?” 
Shit.
I nod my head and stare at the floor. I’m a Savage, when the fuck did I become a hopeless romantic? All I can think of was how sweet this old guy is, and how much more of a dick I am that I don’t have flowers with me. Who the hell doesn’t bring the woman they love flowers when she’s in the hospital?!
“I was rushed, the thought never even crossed my mind honestly,” I mumble, embarrassed. 
Me! Tatum Savage, embarrassed. I never thought the day would come.
“Here kid, have mine. My lady hasn’t woken up for four months, so I’m sure she won’t miss these,” he says as his shaky hands reach over to hand me the bouquet of flowers.
I thank him, and when the doors ding open he shuffles out of my sight. I glance down at the flowers, then it hits me. She’s pregnant. The smell of flowers makes her sick! I shake my head and when the elevator door dings open at her floor, I hesitantly take a step out. Following the signs, I numbly head towards her room. As I’m standing in front of her closed door a male nurse walks by. I see him in my peripheral vision. He stops, turns and looks at me, then sways back in my direction.
“You here to see someone? You look a little lost,” he says as he leans against the wall. Tall and lanky, buzzed hair. Looks nice enough to help me out.
“Molly. My…er…wife. She’s in there.”
He looks at me quizzically for a second, then asks me to follow him to sign in.
“Oh, wait,” I say before taking off again for her room. “Can you hang on to these? I got her flowers the other day and the smell bothered her so much she made me take them away. I’d hate to make her sick again. Crazy pregnancy hormones,” I chuckle nervously. 
His otherwise chipper expression falls just the slightest at my mention of her morning sickness, but he plasters it back quite nicely as he gently takes the flowers from me and sets them carefully on the counter. What the hell was that?
“Wait. Tatum. Just so you know, she’s been very sleepy with all of the pain meds. Be gentle with her,” he says as I started walking away. I turn and look at him, cocking my head. I hate that he knows more than I do.
“What happened to her? No one’s been able to tell me anything yet.”
“Oh dear.” He shakes his head. “You really need to talk with your wife about that one. Follow me.” The emphasis on the word ‘wife’ tells me that he knows the truth, and that she’s not really my wife. I’m appreciative, though, because I’m fairly certain non-family members are only allowed in the visiting room. This is the ICU. Something’s terrible wrong.
He asks me to stay behind for a moment when he checks with Molly to make sure it’s ok for me to be there. I do as he asks and when we get there he opens the door just a crack. I hear him ask if she’s up for visitors and hear a very distinct ‘no’ in the voice that I miss so much. He glances back at me with pity in his eyes, the one emotion that I hate. He then slips inside the room and shuts the door behind him.
I wait for what feels like forever before he comes back out and nods for me to go in. Thankfully he closes the door behind me. This isn’t going to be pretty. I’m not sure if I’d want to public being able to see me on my knees begging for forgiveness, but that’s what I’m prepared to do when I walk through the door.
What I’m not prepared for is how dull Molly looks. She’s sitting up in bed, hair tied low on her neck, no emotion on her face, no glow to her skin, no shine to her eyes. She watches me walk in the room and sit on her bedside.
 She starts to cry before I’m able to get one word out and I know. She doesn’t have to say a word and I know why she’s here. 
There’s no baby. Not anymore.
“I’m sorry Tatum…I failed,” she whispers as a tear finally streaks down her face.  I wipe it away and cup her face in my hands. My heart feels like it’s been completely shattered, but I know the pain I feel is nothing compared to what she’s going through. Jesus, I’m a fucking idiot.
“No baby, no. I was a fool. I was a hotheaded, jealous, stupid, fool. God I’m so sorry Molly. I’m sorry for blowing up like I did, I’m sorry for hurting you and for leaving you. I’m sorry for not being here when you needed me most. I am so fucking sorry.” The tears are running down my face but I can’t stop them. I don’t want to stop them. This hurts so bad. “I would give my life for you, Molly, I love you that much. I’m so sorry, I’m sorry.” My voice is barely a whisper now, begging her to forgive me. She sits there, letting me touch her but not really responding. Her face turns towards the window and she doesn’t reply. 
Not one damn word. 
What have I done? Did I just ruin the best thing I’ve ever had?

TEN
Molly
He won’t stop apologizing. Maybe it’s because I haven’t replied yet, maybe it’s because it’s his way of grieving. Either way, I let him keep going. He deserves to feel some of the pain I’ve felt these last few days. He deserves to know what guilt feels like. He deserves it, but I still love him. A part of me feels like it was glued back together when Trey told me he was here. Not quite back to the fullness my heart felt just four days ago, but definitely on its way.
“Tatum,” I start. I know I have to talk to him about this. I know we have to clear the air. “You walked away from me…and you did it so easily,” I whisper and cringe. “Every day I would wake up and spend the whole day praying that you would come back for me. Every day I went to bed knowing that you didn’t.”
“I know, Molly I’m-“
“I’m not done,” I interject. He’s going to listen, damnit. “What I fear most, out of all of this, is that you will, one day, be able to walk away from me again and not look back. Ever. Three days without you taught me how much I’ve come to depend on you. How much my heart hurts and body aches when you aren’t in my life. I don’t want the rest of my life to be like these last three days. So if you can’t promise forever, I need you to walk away now.” It’s one of the hardest things I’ve ever had to say, but it had to be said. He looks at me, eyebrows furrowed, and shakes his head. 
“I’m not going anywhere.” He takes my hand and kisses it gently. “Not now, not ever.” He whispers the promise then kisses me gently on the lips. “I love you more than you’ll ever know Molly. These three days have been hell on earth without you.”
“Good. I’m glad you felt the same pain I did.” I grin at him and he grunts. Sighing, he leans down again and kisses my hand around my IV. “Oh, and Tatum?”
“Yes?”
“Of course I forgive you.” The minute the words are spoken his shoulders relax and the pained expression on his face morphs into something a little lighter. A knock on the door brings us out of our moment and Trey walks in with a bouquet of flowers in a yellow vase.
“Molly, your husband brought these in for you and asked me grab a vase for them. I think they’d look wonderful on the windowsill, don’t you?” He winks at Tatum as he walks the flowers to the window. 
What the hell? Husband?
“Thank you Trey.” I smile as he glides out of the room and clicks the door shut behind him. Something tells me he was waiting for just the right time to bring those in.
“Thank you, Tatum. They’re beautiful. But, um, husband?” I ask as I look across the room at the yellow and white daisies basking in the sunlight.
“Yea Sorry. I didn’t know if they let non family members in after visiting hours and I didn’t want to chance it. As for the flowers, don’t thank me, thank the old man in the elevator who felt sorry for me.” He laughs. “I was worried sick when I heard you were here, rushed over immediately. In the elevator I got to talking to this old man and he gave me his flowers to give to you. Said his lady was in a coma and wouldn’t miss them anyway.”
“Well still. Thanks for stealing flowers from a sick person for me.” 
“I’d make you take that back, but I’m not quite sure how to handle you right now.” He sighs, staring at me with those beautiful eyes that I’ve fallen madly in love with. I know he wants to know what happened. Why I lost the baby. He deserves to know, and I want to tell him. Just…not yet.
“Gently. Handle me very gently.”
Tatum
Molly has the doctor finally explain to me what happened to the baby. 
An ectopic pregnancy.
 According to the doctor, Molly’s lucky more damage wasn’t done. The egg had attached itself to her fallopian tube and was on the verge of busting when she was rushed to the hospital. Hence the immense pain she was in. I understand, now, that the baby never had a chance. Tubal pregnancies never turn into something good. It doesn’t make it any easier, though. I had finally let myself be happy and get my hopes up, just to have them crash around me.
The only bright spot in all of this was that it forced me to come out of my reclusive cave and stop being an asshole to the woman I love. I’m so thankful that she took me back. So unbelievably thankful. I’m not sure how I would have lived my life knowing that it was my fault I wasn’t spending it with the woman of my dreams.
While Molly is napping this morning I send a quick e-mail to my dad. Tomorrow’s Easter and I didn’t ever respond to my mother’s request. 
Shit. 
They say never piss off a Savage man, but it’s really the women I’m more afraid of. I make sure to include the drama and heartbreak from the last few days, hoping that they’ll understand our lack of appearance at one of my mom’s favorite holidays. I then shoot a text to the bakery owner to have some breakfast items ready for me to grab on our way home. If we aren’t going to have a proper Easter meal, we’ll at least be able to fill up on the best bakery treats in town.
They’re letting Molly go home today with a bottle of pills and piles of after-care instructions. Keep things simple; no partying, no excessive weight lifting, if she starts bleeding immensely come straight to the hospital. 
As the nurse wheels Molly out to the car, Trey stops and holds me back a few feet.
“Don’t hurt her, man. That’s a wonderful woman you have. Do your best to keep her around.” He smiles and gives me one of those half body man hugs. I’m appreciative that someone else was looking out for Molly when I was being a tool; even if it was her excessively feminine man nurse.
The whole drive home she’s quiet. We have so much we still needed to talk about, but right now I’m happy we’re together. I know she’s hurting. I know she blames herself for what happened. It all stems from the trauma her body took five years ago, though. The doctor said that her past of having so much damage done to her reproductive organs is one of the main reasons the tubal happened the way it did. She didn’t give us much of an outlook of ever having our own kids, but she said there are always miracles. 
That thought makes me laugh. I don’t believe in that type of bullshit. Science is science. If multiple doctors now have told Molly she doesn’t have a chance to have her own kids, then that’s what I believe. It doesn’t make me happy, but I don’t have any other option. Adoption is always an option, and I’m ok with that. I just want to be with her.
We pull in the driveway and I shut the car off. Helping her out of the car, we go inside and she sits down on the couch. The entire drive home she was silent, but when she makes it to the couch she breaks. Tears start silently rolling down her beautiful face as she covers it and turns away from me. My heart breaks for this beautiful, broken woman. I don’t know what to do for her, so I sit there like an idiot, with my hand on her back, rubbing gently as she cries the built up tears. 
“God Tatum. I’m so sorry. So, so sorry.” Her voice comes out weak, and I wrap my arms around her, trying to take all the pain away from her. 
“Baby no. None of this is your fault. You cannot blame yourself for any of this.”
“I know that, but it doesn’t help. I failed you. I made you think you were getting a family, and now we know that’ll never happen. Ever. You heard them!”
I try my best to calm her, but it isn’t helping. She cries her eyes out until she falls asleep curled into me on the sofa. Her beautiful mess of her hair wrapped low on her neck, her skin now has a little more life to it than earlier today. She’s coming back to me. 
She has to. 
I lay my head back and close my eyes, enjoying the quiet and peaceful surroundings. I’m comfortable here. I want to be here. With her. Always. 
I know exactly how to make that happen, too.
***
When I wake up the sun is just setting through the dining room window, casting light across the house and on to Molly’s face as she sleeps next to me. She’s so beautiful. How am I ever going to make her believe that I don’t care if she can never carry my baby? There are other ways to have a family. I start forming a plan in my head. I need a big gesture, something to show her how serious about us I really am.
By the time she stirs herself awake, I have all kinds of ideas that I need to put down somewhere. Email, paper…something. I’m stoked now, for the possibility of how perfect this all will be.
“Sorry for falling asleep. God how long was I out?” she asks, gently stretching. I feel the pull in my groin, but mentally tamp it down. 
Down boy. 
“Babe you need to stop apologizing for stupid shit. I love that you fell asleep on me… I actually took a nap too, which was much needed. By the time it looks like we were out for a few hours.” I said, rubbing her arm, unable to keep my hands off her.
She smiles at me and stands up carefully. The doctors said she might be sore for a couple days. I watch her walk to the kitchen to start the water for tea, then head into the bathroom. She’s so quiet. I know she has a ton of thoughts running through her mind, I just wish she’d open up to me. 
Fuck, I still need to tell her about the blanket, and Rob, and that whole mess. Luckily there’s no way she’ll be doing the wedding this weekend after what she just went through, so at least that hurdle has been covered.
Hopefully.


ELEVEN
Molly
It’s Easter Sunday. I haven’t gone to church for five years. Ever since my life took its dramatic turn, I’ve shied away from religious gatherings. I’m not saying I don’t believe in God, but we just aren’t really on the best of terms. Seriously, I know it’s all part of his ‘plan’. I’m not stupid. There’s a higher power that rules over all of our lives, but I’m not happy about it.
Tatum mentioned last night that this’ll be the first year ever he isn’t home with his family for Easter. It’s hard for me to believe a family like the Savage family is a religious one, but apparently this is one holiday that his mom expects everyone to be home. I feel bad that he won’t be there, but he never mentioned anything about wanting to be. He’s got the money to fly home, but he refuses to. He told me last night not to feel guilty and that he’s right where he wants to be. Want. He chose that word instead of ‘needs’. I’m really starting to think he means it when he says he’s here with me for good.
Though we don’t have an Easter dinner planned, he did go through the trouble of grabbing some of the best pastries in town from the bakery downtown. I eat about five too many for breakfast, but I can’t stay away. I‘ve gained at least 5 pounds since Tatum and I have been together. Unfortunately the recent revelation that my shorts are getting too snug wasn’t baby weight, but ‘Molly eats too much’ weight. Tatum says he loves my curves, but the more I get the worse I feel about myself.
Today is a good day. I’ve had good and bad since the incident in Washington, most have been bad for the last couple of days considering everything I’ve been through, but today I have hope. Today I feel things getting better between us. We’re spending the day in our sweats, not leaving the house. I’m still sore, but the doctor said it may take a while before I feel back to normal. Snuggled on the couch with our coffee and one of my favorite movies, I look over and notice him asleep. Now, some girls would get mad if their boyfriend fell asleep during their favorite movie, but not me. I love this. I love being able to add to my memory each line on his face, each hair, each scar. He has a rough one right above his eyebrow and another on his chin. I know he used to be in the business of roughing people up so I’m sure those scars are par for the course in his job. I still can’t believe this beautiful man is all mine. The strong jaw, the full head of hair. To be a thirty year old man with a full, thick head of hair is something that isn’t seen much these days. At least in Illinois. Add in the insane body and he is a package straight out of heaven. He stirs while I’m watching him and before I can turn away he catches me staring.
“Are you eyeballing me?” he says sleepily. I laugh. Eyeballing? Who talks like that?
“Nope.” I answer as I continue to watch the movie that I suddenly have no interest in.
“Good. Nothin to look at anyway.” He closes his eyes again and wraps his arm around me tighter. God this man is everything I thought I ever wanted. Everything I thought I’d never have. Even after all the bad that’s happened to us, I feel like the luckiest woman alive to have him by my side. We’re a team, now, and I feel like superwoman. Nothing can break us.
Tatum
If someone had asked me a year ago what I’d be doing on Easter Sunday the answer would have been the same as always. Spend the entire fucking day at my parent’s house, listening to my dad and uncles fight about something, then finding a chick at a bar to fuck-n-dump, preferably at her place so I didn’t have to kick her out of mine. Had someone told me I’d spend this Easter cuddled on the couch with the woman of my dreams, not letting any of the outside world drama into our perfect bubble I probably would have thought they were drunk. Tatum Savage didn’t do… this. Cuddles, sweat pants, chick flicks? Nope, he definitely did not. Yet, today has been one of the best days of my life.
We need this. We need to be able to sit on the couch and not worry about anything. The boxes aren’t going to unpack themselves, the dishes and laundry are definitely not cleaning themselves, but neither are we. We made a pact when we got up this morning that we wouldn’t do any work today, and so far we’ve stuck by this rule.
Molly loved the pastries that I got from the bakery, as I knew she would. I love that she isn’t reserved when it comes to eating around me. Most women I used to surround myself with would have been appalled that I brought them so many carbs, but not my Molly. She downed five of them in just a few minutes, and you better believe she had me racing to keep up just so she didn’t eat my favorite ones. I need to get a gym membership if this eating style keeps up. Not that I don’t love it, but I don’t want to become one of those out of shape husbands whose wife doesn’t find them attractive anymore. No way in hell that’s happening.
After the movie is finally over it’s almost dinnertime. Molly’s stomach rumbles, reminding me that we really don’t have much food here to make dinner with. There’s no way on earth we’re going out looking like this, so we order pizza delivery and wait. We talk about non-pressing issues all day. No one mentions the Delany family, nor the wedding, nor the blanket or note. Nothing that would add any stress to our day was mentioned and it was wonderful.
When the knock on the door come shortly after we order our pizza, I don’t think anything of it. When I answer the door, however, I don’t see anyone there. No pizza on the porch, no car in front of the house. It’s a little unnerving to say the least. These mind fuck games have to stop.
“Who is it babe?” Molly asks when I return to the living room. Shit.
“No one.”
“What do you mean?” She looks at me with worried eyes.
“Nobody was at the door, Molly. There was no car, no pizza, and no person.”
“Huh...that’s creepy.”
I agree. Fucking creepy. 
Rob
What a whore. These last few days of getting to know her without having him staring at me were great. I really thought he was out of the picture. I thought he had taken himself out of her life. I was starting to actually feel something for her. Obviously nothing more than physical, Lord knows I’m not one for vanilla relationships. Hell, I knew she went to the hospital without him, I knew he’d been out of her life, and all I could think about was how great it was going to be when I finally fucked her. Maybe I’d video it and send it to him. He was out of the picture, but I could still fuck with him.
But now, none of that can happen. Now I have to go back to the original plan.
Seeing them on the couch all fucking day, then him answering the door like he owns the place really pisses me off. He doesn’t deserve to be happy. A man like him doesn’t deserve to be enjoying himself. I had to knock on the door. It was dangerous, but it was an easy mind fuck. One that would keep him on edge. Soon, Tatum. Soon you will know what it feels like to have your world ripped away. It’ll be unfortunate for poor Ms. Ward…but sometimes there are no better options.

TWELVE
Molly
It’s a bad day today. Ever since the knock on the door last night I can’t help shake this feeling, and unwelcome thoughts keep running through my mind. I’m trying to stop them, but I can’t help it.
He hates me. He hates what I did to our baby, and he hates that he’s stuck with me.
But he did come back for me.
But that was before he knew my body betrayed us.
I can’t stop the swirling thoughts going back and forth. He says he’s here for good. That he’s not going anywhere. He spoke the words, but now that he knows I can’t have his kids, does he mean them still? I need to stop thinking for a little while. I know we need to talk, Tatum knows we need to talk. It’s just, I don’t want to talk. I don’t want to say the words out loud. I don’t want to hear that he feels stuck with me. I don’t want my heart to break again. Instead, I throw myself into the only thing that has never let me down: my business.
The Delany wedding is four days away. I have four days to finish preparing things, which luckily are almost done due to my awesome dedication (and lack of anything else to do when Tatum was absent last week). After these four days, I’ll be shooting the biggest wedding of my career, creating the most beautiful pictures for the bride and my portfolio. Hopefully things will settle down a little after this wedding, but right now I’m turning all of my attention to the big show.
On Monday I wake up and start to get dressed for the studio. Tatum rolls over and looks at me with tired (and sexy as hell ‘how did I get so lucky’) eyes.
“Where do you think you are going?” he asks groggily. Jesus he’s sexy, even half asleep.
“Work. I have a lot I need to get done to catch up from missing the weekend. The wedding’s in four days. Are you coming in to help out?” I ask, hopeful that he does. If anything just to be near him, so when I have one of my inevitable breakdowns that I know will happen he’ll at least be there for me.
“Uh…what?” He sits up and glares at me. He looks incredibly confused for a man that just woke up looking incredible sexy two minutes ago. “You aren’t still shooting the wedding this weekend, are you?”
I laugh. Loud. We’re not having this fight again.
“I am. I need this Tatum. More now than before. I’ll be keeping you on as assistant this weekend, though, whether the Delany’s like it or not. I need you there with me, supporting me.” I plead.
He runs his fingers through his hair and sighs loudly. I know his brain is working pretty hard right now since he just got up and I threw a curveball at him before he was fully awake. I wait there, at the side of the bed as he processes my decision.
“Molly sit. I need to tell you something.”
His voice gives me a hint I’m not going to like what he’s about to say.
“Listen, I was going to wait to tell you all of this until I had it figured out, but with you still doing the wedding I think you need to know. Stay here,” he says, then he walks out of the room. A few minutes later he comes back with a box. Sitting it in front of me on the bed, he nods at it.
“Open it,” he grinds out, then walks to the other side of the room as I’m left sitting on the bed next to the mystery box. I open the flaps and look inside. A tiny blue baby blanket is folded inside. It’s dirty and there’s a note card sitting on top. I pull the note out and read both sides, chills running through me as the meaning of the card set in.
“What is this Tatum?” I whisper as he stares out the bedroom window.
“It’s my son’s baby blanket. The one he died in.” His words are so cold, but full of so much emotion.
I gasp and pull the blanket out of the box. It’s light blue with tiny darker blue stars and incredibly soft.
“Why?” What’s all this mean?
“I don’t know, exactly. This showed up on the porch last week. The night you stayed late at the studio. I don’t know who it is from but I have my guesses. Molly, this blanket along with everything else from that time in my life was ordered to be destroyed. I didn’t want anything left to remember it. It sounds cold but I was hurting. It shook me to the core when I opened the box. Then when I found the note I was actually spooked. I don’t do mind games well, and someone is obviously playing one with me.”
He then fills me in on the Delany connection to him, why he thinks Rob hates him so much, and why he believes Rob is in the lead for prime suspect. He doesn’t trust him, that’s for sure. I can hear his voice pleading with me to back out of the wedding and take myself out of the connection to the Delany family, but I can’t do that. Not with four days left, they would never find someone able to do it on that short of notice.
“That’s a lot of speculation, Tatum, without any hard proof that it was actually him. I can’t back out of the wedding now,” I say, shaking my head at the mess that we’re in.
“I realize that, and I don’t think you need to. I honestly don’t think he’d ever hurt you, you’ve formed a friendship with him. People know that you two have been hanging around each other,” he grinds. I hate that those three days Tatum was gone, Rob spent most of them at the studio with me. I did enjoy his company, but there’s nothing there between us. “Just know that from here on out I will not be leaving you alone when there are Delany’s around.”
I’m okay with that. After all, I was starting to get the feeling from Rob that he wants a more personal relationship with me. He’s sexy, but I just don’t look at him that way.
“Fine. That’s all I can ask of you. Now get dressed. We have a very demanding Delany to deal with this morning.” Oh I know he’s going to be pissed that Tatum is still on board. Hell, by the way he was looking at me last week he’s going to be pissed that Tatum is back in the picture at all.
We grab a coffee on the way into the studio. When we make it in, Tatum gets to work on finalizing some of the props for the wedding and I head into the front office to make sure messages are clear and everything is set for the weekend. A few hours into the day, Rob walks in and smiles brightly at me, obviously unaware that Tatum’s here.
“Hey you. How’re you feeling? You gave everyone a scare last week. That’s decaf coffee, I hope,” he says as he glances at the cup in my hand. How do I respond to him? Does it matter if he knows or not? The truth shall set you free, I guess.
“I’m not pregnant anymore, Rob. Thanks… though,” I say awkwardly.
“Oh. God, Molly, I’m so sorry to hear that,” he says as he walks over and brings me in for a hug. Of course, that has to be the time that Tatum walks back up front from the storage room.
 Of. Fucking. Course.
“Need another one of those eyes blacked out, Delany?” he growls as he casually sets down the boxes I had him bring up.
Rob chuckles and backs up.
“Well. Back in the picture are we Tatum? Shame, Molly. I thought I had you pegged for someone a little smarter than that.” He’s such an ass. 
“Actually Rob, I am glad you stopped by. I’ve been wanting to tell you that I will not be in need of your assistant’s services this weekend. A photographer is only as good as their right hand man. Mine is Tatum. Take it or leave it. I don’t shoot the wedding unless he’s there.”
There. It’s said. I’m holding my ground on this one. He glares at Tatum for a moment, then moved those piercing black eyes straight at me.
“That’s a very poor decision, Molly,” he says through gritted teeth.
“Then find another photographer.” I’m done playing his games. I don’t need the money that badly, and the public knows how difficult it is to deal with a Delany, so my reputation won’t get hurt too badly. Hopefully. I stand there, hands on my hips, ready for a verbal lashing from the second hottest man I’ve ever laid eyes on. Instead, his lips turn up into a half smile, and he nods his head, then turns and leaves. Whatever he came here for must not have been that important.
I smile to myself, pleased that I was able to stand up to the infamous Robert Delany, especially with those beautiful eyes staring me down. I glance over at Tatum. He’s watching me with so much love in his eyes I feel like I could burst.
“My God, Molly. You are one amazing woman,” he says and finally starts walking towards me.
The butterflies that I’ve been missing the last few days finally come back when he looks at me with those eyes. Rob’s eyes hold nothing to Tatum’s. The connection between us right now is unbreakable. 
He cups my face and tilts my head up to look at him.
“I love you so fucking much it hurts when you aren’t near me. You make me want to be a better man for the rest of my life. One day I’ll show you how much you mean to me. Words alone aren’t enough. One day, Molly. God, I love you,” he says, and his lips slam into mine, causing me to grab his arms as I kiss him back.
Good Lord it feels like it’s been a lifetime since he’s kissed me like this. I was really starting to believe he didn’t want me anymore, but this kiss just blew all other kisses in the history of lip locking out of the water! A mixture of urgency and tenderness, his lips dance across my skin, leaving a trail of goose bumps along the way. When he breaks the kiss I almost fall into him. His hands begin running up and down my arms, as he looks down at our connection. 
This man.
He’s all I need.
Tatum
“I can’t say enough how sorry I am that I wasn’t here for you, Molly,” I say, resting my forehead on hers. I feel like I always need some type of physical connection with her. It isn’t good enough to be next to her, I need to be touching her.
“I know, Tatum. I know how sorry you are, but even if you were there the outcome wouldn’t have changed. I’ve forgiven you, you need to forgive yourself,” she says with determination to make it true.
I chose my next words carefully. I don’t want to spook her, but she needs to know that we aren’t out of the dark yet. Nothing’s been done yet about the note I received, not with the events of this past weekend weighing down on us.
“You know. When you were in the hospital after what Brian did to you, I walked in the room to see you for the first time and freaked out. It took my dad finally opening up and treating me like his son in order for me to walk back in for you. I was so afraid that by being mine, you would end up getting hurt far worse than you would without me.” She watches me quietly, letting me speak. “The pain I felt after I left you was the second worst pain I’ve ever felt in my entire life. I don’t want to feel that again. I’m so fucking worried about this whole Delany situation, and I can’t shake the feeling that something awful is about to happen. All because of me.”
“Don’t you dare say that, Tatum. This is not your fault.” She shakes her head.
“It’s not. I agree. It wasn’t me that put him the car the wrong way. It wasn’t me who ran the red light. It was me, though, who let her leave when she was obviously upset. It was me who let him go with her in that car. I could have fought, but I didn’t.”
“You need to stop blaming yourself, Tatum. What happened was not any part your fault.”
“The Delany’s seem to think differently. Why else would they send me that note, and his blanket?”  I can’t stop the feeling that this is just the beginning of a bigger battle. I hate being in the dark. I think it’s time to call the old man again.
“Call your dad, Tatum,” she says, as if she can read my mind. This woman amazes me every single day. I nod and excuse myself to make yet another phone call for help. It’s funny, I thought when I left a few months ago we wouldn’t have to cross paths ever again. Come to find out, I need him more now than I ever have before. Strange how things work out.
I call his cell first, hoping to catch him before he gets home to my mom. I know I’m going to get grief for not coming home this past weekend, but it wasn’t even an option I wanted to run by Molly. Thankfully he answers on the third ring, right before his voicemail picks up.
“Hello, boy. I got your e-mail. I hope everything is alright.” He likes Molly, I can tell from the worry in his voice.
“Yea dad. Things are ok, considering the circumstances. It sucks, but it’s nothing we can’t work through.”
“You know, your mother miscarried three times before your brother came along, God rest his soul.” That’s new news to me, but I know my mom is a quiet woman when it comes to personal matters. Without any daughter’s to talk with I’m sure she’s holding in all kinds of stuff.
“I didn’t know that Dad. That’s terrible.”
“It’s a way of life. Sometimes, it just isn’t meant to be.”
I grunt in response. It might not have been in the master plan, but damned if I’m not still upset about it.
“Anyway son, what do you need? You don’t typically call to chat.”
“No. I don’t do I?” I should fix that. Maybe my dad and I can fix our strained relationship once and for all. “Listen Dad, some things have been happening lately. I need your take on them.”
I then proceed to fill him in on the note, the blanket, Molly’s connection with the Delany family, and the fact that Robert Delany is Candace’s brother and we didn’t know anything about it. He knows bits and pieces of the story behind the note, but when I put it all out there in one conversation it sounds outrageous. Jesus, this all seems so messed up. I finish up and the line goes silent, all expect for a low whistle coming from my dad’s end of the phone.
“Wow. Tatum, those Delany’s…they are dangerous. Very. Dangerous.”
“I know dad. I don’t know what to think. You think the note and blanket were from him?”
“I do. I think you and Molly both need to lay low for a few days while I have some people look in to this.”
“I would say you’re right, but Molly has a wedding shoot this weekend for a Delany boy. Rob will be there, as he is the cousin of the groom.”
“Don’t do it, Tatum. Don’t let her go.”
“Believe me, Dad. I’ve tried. We settled on me being by her side the whole time.”
“Then don’t let her out of your sight, and I mean it. I’ll contact you soon.” And with that he hangs up. 
Well shit, when my dad’s that worried I know this is big. It feels like he’s holding out information, though. Like he knows more than he’s letting on. Whatever’s the case, I now have my dad and all of his powers on my side, helping me get to the bottom of yet another fucking revenge escapade.

THIRTEEN
Molly
Tomorrow’s the big day. Well, the first of three big days. Rob kept us on as photographers, but he isn’t happy about it. He only stops in the studio when he knows for a fact Tatum isn’t there which is really unnerving, and he’s been getting way too close for comfort these last few times. Luckily there are only four more days of dealing with him and his crazy family until I’m free from all of their drama. The money will be nice, but I’ll be happy when this is all over and we can continue unpacking the boxes that are taking over my house. Everything had to go on hold when the wedding was moved up, so we still have two rooms that are full of boxes from his place in Texas and my leftovers from my parents in Washington.
Tatum said he had a few errands to run before the places he needs to go close for the day, so he’s been gone about an hour now. I don’t know where he went, I don’t know when to expect him back, but I do know this time around that he will be back. I sit down at my desk, everything prepared for the wedding this weekend, and sigh. Man these past few months have been hard, and this last weekend really put a damper on my spirits. Before I know what I’m doing, I’m pulling up the pictures on my computer that I’ve cried over many times. Going through, I delete every picture of Brian that I have. He’s a part of my past I’d rather not remember. What I don’t delete, though, are Alice’s memories. I scroll through dozens of times, looking at myself before tragedy struck. I looked so happy, so naive. Would I trade any of what happened, though? If I could have kept everything as it was, would I have really wanted that? Brian’s a drug lord, for Christ’s sake. He was never the man I thought he was. Was raising a child in those circumstances a good idea? And if things hadn’t played out like they did I would never have met Tatum. I’m not sure if I like the sound of that. There are no tears as I close out of the file I’ve double clicked on hundreds of times in the last five years. Just perfect clarity. I wouldn’t change a thing. I’m broken, but I’m still able to love. Tatum loves me for me, no exceptions. He does ugly business for his father, but he doesn’t hide it. I’m sure if I asked him he would tell me just exactly what he does… but I don’t want to ask. I trust him. I trust him more than I ever trusted Brian. I love him more than I ever thought I loved Brian.
I feel like a new person, sitting at the same desk I’ve sat at for years. I have a wonderful boyfriend, a strong job, and a livelihood to take care of myself if I ended up alone. Let’s face it though, I’d rather not have to.
Tatum walks back in shortly after my revelation. He’s all smiles, and in the most playful mood I’ve seen him in in a while.
“Why are you so giddy, mister?” I ask, laughing as he nuzzles into my neck.
“Oh nothing. No biggie. I’m just so awesome and it makes me happy.” He says, his arms reaching around me, grabbing my ass, and lifting to sit me on my desk.
“MM, yes. You’re pretty smug aren’t you?” I smile at him. He runs his hands up and down my arms for a moment then pauses. As quickly as I’ve ever seen him move, he runs to the front door, locks it, and he’s back in front of me, wrapping my legs around him. I can’t stop laughing at the ridiculousness of all of this. I like playful Tatum.
“Now. Where was I?” He groans as I reach down and start massaging him. God this man. I’ll never get used to how quickly his body responds to being around me. Already hard, he groans into my neck as he places tiny bites all the way down my shoulder. I’m starting to like the hot weather we’ve been having recently, it means less clothing between us. I keep friction between us best as I can as he strips me of my tiny bits of clothing. Suddenly I have an amazing idea.
“Well, mister. Looks like you have a few articles of clothing left to loose. I’ll just…leave you to that. You can come find me when you’re ready.” And just like that, I take off through my studio, sans clothing, towards the darkroom.
I hear him laughing behind me as I run, trying to get there before he catches me. I go through the revolving door and into the room. The lights are off, there’s no way he’s going to find the light switch either. I know this room so well I can maneuver my way around without any help from light. Tatum will have to rely on his sense of touch, something I’m looking very forward to.
I hear the door turn, knowing he is just a few feet away from finding me, and grin. I’ve never run from him before and my nerves are on high alert right now. While I know my way around the room, I can’t see worth a damn where he is. He could be right in front of me and I wouldn’t know it.
“I know you came in here, Molly. There’s no escaping me, you know.” His voice is deep, almost growling. He’s a little to my right, so I can tell he’s following the walls to find me. I’m not going anywhere, though, perched on the counter waiting for him.
“Guess you’ll just have to catch me, then, Mr. Savage.”
“Mmm...I like the sound of that,” he says, his voice growing nearer.
Almost as soon as he finishes talking I feel him. His hand reaches my knee and starts caressing. Up and down. Then there’s nothing. I want to reach out and grab him, but I don’t. I’m giving him full control and he knows it.
I’m not sitting very ladylike, but in a perfect position for him to taste me without having to move my legs at all, and that’s exactly what he does. The man knows what he’s doing, I’ll give him that. I finally move my hands to his hair just to have something to hold on to as I ride out the first explosion. He begins kissing a trail up my body, nipping and sucking on my nipples when he makes it to them. I’m breathless, and each nip brings more and more need to have him inside me.
“God I love these,” he says, squeezing them with both hands and kissing them loudly before moving on to other parts of me. It’s wonderful only having a sense of touch to rely on. Never would he have been this thorough in the light of the bedroom, but in the dark he’s making sure there isn’t an inch of me he misses. His kisses keep creeping up until he makes it to my mouth. Finally I’m able to kiss him back; show him how much I’ve been wanting him.
“Too fucking good,” he grunts, pumping into me again.
I smile, my words turning into a moan as he glides into me with ease.
“Oh fuck, baby. It’s like we’re fucking built for each other.” He’s deliberately slow in his retreat. The pressure and pace of it is killing me, I don’t know how he’s holding off so well. Once he’s fully inside me again his forehead rests on mine and his hands come to rest around my head.
“Jesus Molly, I love you so fucking much.”
“I love you too, baby.” The sudden change of pace makes me gasp as he quickens his movements. This is the Tatum I was looking forward to. This is exactly what I wanted. He is exactly what I want.
Tatum
When she ran from me I was more shocked than anything. Then when she didn’t come back I knew she meant it and the hunt was on. God, it was so fucking hot finding her perched on the counter like that, in a pitch-dark room where all I could do to find her was explore every part of her. Jesus just thinking about it is making me need to adjust my pants.
I need to switch gears. As fun as it is to think about her body, I have a few other pressing issues to handle right now. I’m so pumped that my surprise for her is turning out to be even more amazing than I could have imagined. It’s taking a little more time to plan so it won’t be until tomorrow night after the wedding shoot is over, but I can wait. I’m a pretty patient man.
The wedding is a whole other fiasco. I don’t want her to leave my sight the entire three days, but I know how unrealistic that is. Weddings are nuts, I’m sure as a photographer they are even more nuts and having an assistant there that can’t leave your side isn’t really helpful at all. I’ve resolved to spend as much time around her as I can and to try and not freak out when we’re apart. Rob seems so worried about his cousin’s big day that I doubt he’d try anything that would ruin it. I’ll play it cool, but if he so much as looks at her wrong he’s going down.
My dad still hasn’t gotten back to me on the situation about the note. It’s starting to worry me that this is bigger than I thought. Normally he’s pretty fast with returning phone calls and getting information out of people. I thought about calling him, but I know he’ll call when there is something to inform me about. For now we sit and wait. I feel like a fucking pawn. Not knowing why this is happening, not knowing who it is, just pisses me off. I’m constantly on guard that something’s going to happen to us when we are out and about. That’s what this whole thing is about anyway, isn’t it? The note said revenge. If it truly is Rob pulling these strings, then he wants revenge for his sister’s death. One he believes is my fault. The phrase on the back of the note makes me believe he wants to take my loved one away as payback. Does he not understand I lost a loved one that day, too? My hurt trumped his ten-fold, but whoever sent that note doesn’t seem to care. Either way, I have a sinking feeling that Molly is in for a world of danger when it comes to Robert Delany. One that I’m going to try my best to stop before it happens.
Molly and I finished up things in the office about an hour ago and decided to make the short walk back to her place. The evening air isn’t as humid as it’s been and for being the first of May it isn’t too incredibly hot. This place has nothing on Texas when it comes to heat. That’s one thing I really don’t miss about that state.
We get back to her house a little after eight after stopping for a quick bite to eat, as both of us are too exhausted to actually cook something for dinner. She changes into her shorts and tank top for bed right away and hops on the couch. I notice the blinking light on the answering machine and head over to press it, ready to delete it right away when a very familiar voice comes over the speaker. Molly freezes and listens to the message from the couch, not moving a muscle. We’ve been expecting this call, but neither of us really want to hear what he had to say. Suspecting the worst and knowing it for a fact are two very different feelings.
“Molly. This is Al Savage. I have some very urgent news you and Tatum both need to hear. However, I am uncomfortable leaving this on your answering machine. You need to call me back, Molly.”
My father doesn’t leave messages that long. He’s typically a blunt and ‘to the point’ type of guy. What the hell?
She turns and looks at me, her face paling. I reassure her with a silent arm rub that it’ll all be ok, then grab my phone from my pocket and call him back. Putting him on speakerphone, he picks up on the first ring.
“Tatum. Is Molly with you?” The fact that he’s so worried about her sets me off. I need to know everything.
“Yea dad, she’s here.”
“Hi Mr. Savage. I got your message. Can you tell us what’s going on?” Molly speaks up.
He sighs so loudly that we can hear it clear as day through the phone. My dad isn’t a stressed man. He wants something, he gets it, and he doesn’t feel bad about it. The only emotion I’ve ever seen come out of him was the night he had the accident. Tonight’s getting eerily close to those emotions and nothing bad has even happened yet.
“Listen, you two. This has been a long time coming. Our family has not been on good terms with the Delany’s for well over 25 years, so this is just the tip of the iceberg. I’m getting ahead of myself, though…let me explain…”
Then he proceeds to tell us a story that helps up everything in to perspective.
Back when my father had just gotten his hands wet with the family business he met a girl. That girl is now my mother. That girl was engaged to a Delany when she met my father. You can imagine the bad blood that came from that. Add in his son having an illegitimate child with a long lost Delany and it just made it worse. One might think that because she didn’t grow up one of them that they wouldn’t care as much, but blood is blood. They had just found her a few months before she died so naturally the crime filled family has been trying to avenge her death ever since. Unfortunately for Molly, it came at just the right time for them. I had just popped into town, showed interest in her job, and boom. She landed the biggest contract of her career, unbeknownst to her that it was all to get at me. To make me pay for what I apparently did to their little girl. Word in a small town spreads quickly when you don’t add in the power of the Delany family. I’m sure they knew I had the job with her before I did. Hell, it’s probably the Delany power that forced the townspeople to push me into the job in the first place. More than likely their plans changed as Molly and I became more serious, making her the target so I would have to live with the heartbreak. He then explained what I already know about Robert Delany’s past. In Texas, Rob is known as a player. Not just one night stand type of player. One that leaves women near death from the abuse they go through. Everyone’s tight lipped, but secrets slip every now and then. We know enough to know that if he gets his hands on her it won’t end pretty.
Molly sits next to me on the couch, staring at the phone as my father continues talking. When the line goes silent on the other end of the phone she takes a huge breath and speaks up.
“Well that fucking sucks,” she says in full seriousness. I can’t help but laugh at her tone, it’s too damn cute. My father doesn’t find it funny at all, however.
“You could put it that way, Molly. Any way you put it, though, you need to know that working the wedding this weekend is not a good idea.” 
Shit we’ve been through this dad!
I can see her face getting redder, her hands balling up, and I know my father is about to conjure the wrath of Molly Ward if he doesn’t watch it.
“Listen to me dear, you don’t know when this family is going to strike. I have tried my hardest to get any drip of info I can, but every lead is coming up dry.” I know the true meanings of my father’s words and suddenly understand why he feels so strongly about this. The strong arm technique didn’t work with this case. My father’s always able to get information out of people if he has them beat long enough. I see Molly about to unleash so I jumped in before she explodes on my father. As cute as that would be, I’m not sure he would appreciate it.
“Dad we can’t pull out with the wedding weekend mere hours away. Robert would know something’s up. It’s not going to get us clear form this fiasco.” He’s quiet for a moment, then grunts. He agrees, but he isn’t happy about it. We have to play it cool, act unsuspecting. Put on the best act we can, then catch him before he’s able to strike. Whatever he has planned, I have an awful feeling about it.
We hang up the phone and sit on the couch together, coming up with a plan for the next three days. My dad’s sending a few guys to help us if need be, but I hope it doesn’t come down to that. There’s been too much blood shed in the last few months. I’m ready for a vacation. The only bright spot of the next three days is knowing that tomorrow night, after my surprise to Molly, I’ll officially be off the market for good. At least, I hope.

FOURTEEN
Molly
I’m up before the sun today, full of the normal wedding weekend buzz I get when shooting a big wedding, plus the nerves running through me due to the unfortunate situation with Robert. Tatum and I have an hour drive to the wedding venue this morning and we need to be ready to go by 9 am for the first photo shoot. I’ll never understand the complexity of this package, and maybe it was all bought just to have us around for whatever Rob had planned, but I can’t think that way right now. This is a real wedding, and the bride is just like any other bride. She’s going to want to record every moment of this weekend, and that’s what I’m getting paid to do.
We load up the car and grab breakfast sandwiches to go, leaving with plenty of time to get there and get set up. Luckily, since it is only an hour away, we’ll be able to come home at night and not use expenses on a hotel room. The whole drive he tries making small talk, beaming all morning about it being a great day, but I can’t stop thinking about the danger we could be walking in to. Knowing that I’m being used in a game of revenge yet again makes my skin crawl. Growing up I never thought this is where my life would be today. A month after being attacked by the man I thought had been dead for the past five years I’m yet again on edge that something equally bad is about to happen to us. I just hope we’re able to stop him before he acts. I couldn’t take it if something bad happened to Tatum.
Once we get there and get our things unloaded we grab a coffee and wait for the family to start arriving. The bride and her bridesmaids are first, traveling in a huge Cadillac stretch limo. Must be nice to have the money to drop on something like that, I think. Then again, I guess Tatum has just as much, if not more, as this family. He just isn’t anywhere near as flashy as them. That’s one of the many reason I love him so much.
After catching all of the arriving moments, I go off to meet the groomsmen. I’ve never actually met the groom, so we have our formal introduction then I disappear into the crowd, grabbing any angle I can of the bride and groom’s secret looks at each other. Perfect, I think to myself, as I am able to catch a breathtaking shot of a short kiss between the two of them when they thought no one was paying attention. It’s those moments that make me love my job.
It is then that I hear his voice. He commands every room he’s in. How such a young man can be so powerful is beyond me, but when Robert Delany is in attendance he will be noticed. Next to me Tatum stiffens when he hears his voice, but I put my hand on his elbow to calm him. I’m sure if he had it his way he’d kick his ass from here to Hong Kong until Rob promised to back off.
“Ah, Molly…and Tatum. SO glad you could both make it,” he announces, loud enough to let everyone hear. Then, in a more hushed tone he leaned in as he hugs me. “So you brought Savage? That wasn’t a very smart move, Miss Ward.”
My back straightens at the menacing tone and I push out of his hold and glare at him, right into those dark as night eyes.
“I told you my plans days ago. You had time to fire me,” I practically spit at him.
“You are right. Matter of fact, why don’t you meet me in the dining hall in about an hour. I have some…business…things we need to take care of.”
“We will be there,” Tatum speaks up.
Rob looks at him as if it were the first time he saw him. He pauses, staring at him, then nods his head and walks away.
“That fucker,” Tatum growls “He’s going to try his hardest to get alone with you.”
“I know. We just can’t let that happen. Alone with the rest of the family is fine, alone with Robert Delany equals catastrophe.” I agree with him one hundred percent. I want to be alone in a room with that man about as much as I want my leg sawed off. Just the way he’s been acting around me recently is enough to give me the creeps, add in the cryptic warning from Tatum’s dad to stay away and I don’t even want to be in a crowded room with him.
The day goes on as planned without any major snags. We meet Rob in the dining hall and it’s all business surprisingly, though the way he looks at me made my skin crawl. I used to think he was so handsome, and before all of the drama started I thought I may have been attracted to him, but now he’s just being creepy. He’s becoming more and more obvious in his interest in me as the day goes on, and Tatum keeps getting closer and closer to marking his territory each passing minute.
About an hour before the day ends Tatum gets a phone call he says he had to take. He said it’s urgent, and it has to be if he’s going to leave me alone to take it. When he comes back to me, he looks pissed. 
“Everything okay?” I ask, worried that he got news about the Delany’s from his dad.
“Yea. Listen,” he starts, then curses and runs his hands through his dark hair. “I fucking hate this, but I need to take off a little early. I’ll meet you at home, okay?” He looks menacing right now, and whatever has him this pissed off I feel bad for. 
“What are you talking about, it’s an hour drive and we only have one car.” He can’t leave me. We’ve almost made it through our first day without any incident. This isn’t happening right now.
“I’ll call the guys from my dad, they’re near here. They’ll be here to drive you home and watch you in case something goes wrong. Someone just called in a foul smell coming from the studio. They think there may be a gas leak.” He shakes his head. “Molly he’s not going to try anything this weekend. There are too many people around and you have less than an hour before you can leave. When you’re done, get right into the car and come straight home, got it?”
I nod, standing there wondering why no one called me about a potential gas leak. It’s my building after all.
“Hey,” he says, his hand cupping my chin. “I love you.” He kisses me goodbye and walks away. After he gets in the car and drives away, I make my way back to the wedding party for a few more shots of the rehearsal dinner gathering.
They’ve moved to the outdoor veranda, the music has started and everyone looks like they’re having a great time. These pictures are going to be beautiful. With about fifteen minutes left of my portion of the day, the bride realizes she can’t find her purse anywhere and everyone starts looking for it. It’s a madhouse in here, but I think I remember seeing it in the dining hall when I was walking through after Tatum left, so I head back there to grab it for her. What I don’t expect to see, though, is a dark room with Robert Delany smiling at me as I walk through the door. My stomach drops.
“Well Ms. Ward. Where in the world is your bodyguard?” he chuckles as he moves closer to me. 
Shit. 

Tatum
I hate lying to her, I really do, but it needed to be done in order for the surprise to still be a surprise. Even more so than lying to her, I hate that I had to leave her there without me. My dad’s men can’t get there for about fifteen minutes, but they’re on their way. Rob’s been eerily pleasant all day, which threw me for a huge loop. I at least expected a threat or sneer or snide comment…but there were none. It’s been smiles and handshakes all around. I hate mind games, but apparently this man excels at them. 
Now I sit in the car, about fifteen minutes from home, pissed off and surprised as hell that in a small town, no one knows how to work together. I gave three townspeople the inside scoop of my proposal in order for things to go smoothly. Three, that’s it. Apparently I chose the wrong fucking people because they can’t follow simple directions.
Molly hates roses. Most women get roses and swoon, but not my woman. She gets roses, then goes on a rant about how ugly they are and how they are so over rated and over used. So, in order for this proposal to be just perfect I had Betty call in an order of hundreds of flowers. All Calla Lilies. One task is all she needed to do and she fucked up big time. There were Red roses delivered this morning after we left, and she can’t get anyone to bring the correct flowers. She swears that she ordered the right ones, but who really knows. She’s a little crazy.
So, now I have an hour from the time I get home to the time Molly gets here to re-plan the evening. The plan was supposed to be Molly and I walking in the house together to the lights low, candles lit, and flowers everywhere. I was going to have her go inside before me and when she turned to look at me I’d be down on one knee, ready to propose. Now I have to figure out the flower debacle and re-plan my strategy in one hour. I can do this, I’ve done harder things in an hour. Let’s get to it!

***
Forty-five minutes later I have it all planned out. Instead of hundreds of flowers around the whole house, I was able to find enough Calla Lilies at a local flower shop a few towns over to make an even more romantic gesture. It took a little monetary persuasion to open the shop for me after hours, but she’s worth it ten- fold. She’ll walk into the house, lights off and music on. Votive candles will light a path towards the bedroom, all the way up the stairs. The flowers will be in a path to the bedroom as well. In the bedroom, I’ll be down on one knee, waiting for her to walk in. There will be candles everywhere and not a light on in the house. I can just picture her face in the glow of the candlelight now, so beautiful.
My nerves are so high right now I could probably run a marathon. A few women in town caught word of what I was frantically trying to do so they pitched in helping set up the perfect scene. The whole time they were setting up I’m pretty sure I heard comments about how sad it was that I’d be off the market for good soon. What they don’t want to know is that I’ve been off the market for as long as I’ve known Molly. She’s been my everything from day one.
I’ve never been this nervous before. I’m a Savage, we get what we want every time we want something. To think that there is a chance, even after all we’ve been through, that she won’t want to be with me permanently scares the shit out of me. I have to do this, though. I’ve never been so sure of anything, ever, in my entire life. She needs to be my wife. She will be my wife.
Now, I wait.

 


DEVASTATINGLY BEAUTIFUL
PART THREE


Prologue
Tatum
Two months ago my world was shattered. Her face is still etched into my memory, her smell still on everything she touched. I won’t wash the sheets, I won’t take her products out of the bathroom. She will come back. I would personally see to it myself if I knew where the fuck she is. That asshole effectively ruined me when he took her, without a trace of where she went. My last words to her were that she’d be safe, but now she’s been missing for 57 days. That’s a long fucking time to go without the person you rely on to breathe.
The day I learned that she was gone was the second worst day of my entire life. She never arrived home after the first night of the Delany wedding weekend. I had received a text stating she was staying near the venue so she would be able to get an early start, but I didn’t believe it for a minute. I haven’t heard her voice in two months. I called frantically, waiting to hear her voice but there was never an answer. I hopped on my bike, riding into the night to find her, thinking her phone may have died, but having a terrible feeling of the meaning of that text. Eddie traced her cell to the side of a road, but there was no sign of her. Even stranger, is that there was a new photographer already set up and ready to go for the wedding. The Bride and Groom had just said that Molly needed to leave but set up a friend to do the photos. They didn’t seem fazed about it at all, actually.
When it happened initially everyone in town started talking. She was gone, the town sweetheart who had been through so much had just disappeared. Since no one knew who took her they just assumed she had run away. There was no reason to spook the town that she had been kidnapped. Her parents don’t even know. I couldn’t bring myself to tell them the last time they called and lucky for me their relationship with her was so strained it wasn’t strange at all for them to go months without talking to one another.
I’ve been working my ass off trying to find Robert Delany, but even he’s seemed to drop off the face of the earth. When you have the money that his family does, anything is possible. The thought crosses my mind daily that I may never find her but I try my hardest to push it back. I can’t think that way. I won’t. I need my Molly. Eddie is working practically around the clock to find his whereabouts, my father has men tracing his family’s steps in case one of them slips, and I’m currently sitting in a hotel room in Florida waiting for the latest update to come through to see if I’m in the right place this time.
I’ve been to about seven different cities, all tracing leads that led to nowhere. My current location is due to a tip we got from tracing Rob’s sister’s credit cards. She’s recently taken out a new card in a different name, but has yet to make a purchase. Until recently. No one would believe the amount of time, energy, and money I’ve put into this search, but if losing everything I have makes me gain the one thing I want most, I’ll do it in a heartbeat.
Rob needs to think that I’m not frantic about this situation. He needs to think I’m as calm as can be, impartial really. He needs to believe I don’t care, possibly that I’ve even moved on. As soon as he lets his guard down, I’ll be there. I’ll kill him for what he did. I try not to let myself think about what he’s doing to her, but the thoughts creep in daily. He’s a womanizer, abuser, and a possible killer. And he’s had her for way too fucking long.

ONE
Molly
2 months ago
When I see him standing there staring at me with that beautiful yet creepy smile on his face, I know it’s not going to end well for me. He has that predator look in those black as night eyes, the one that tells me I’m not getting away. I see the bride’s purse, but unfortunately he’s standing right next to it.
 Shit.
“Well Ms. Ward. Where in the world is your bodyguard?” he chuckles as he moves closer to me. 
Double shit. 
I ignore his asshole comment and point to the purse. 
“Hey, your future cousin in-law needs that,” I say pointing towards the purse. “I’ll let her know that you found it for her,” I say, then make a move to leave. As fast as I can I haul it back to the doors I walked through moments ago, but before I can make it out them, my bodyguard that was assigned by Tatum’s dad steps in.
“Miss Ward.” He nods, then looks over at my shoulder and nods at Rob. Son of a BITCH! He’s in on this!?
“Excuse me,” I say with a smile on my face, trying to act totally oblivious to the fact that they’re about to take me and I know it. Don’t ask me how I know, but I do. The air is charged and I’m just waiting for something to happen.
“Mr. Delany needs to speak with you. It’d be in your best interest to turn around and hear what the man has to say.” He glares at me, crossing his arms over his broad shoulders like an unmoving boulder. Tatum has a good dad, one whom would do anything for his family, but he sucks at background checks. This asshole is the second of his father’s men in just a few months that infiltrated his business to get to us.
I turn in place and look at Rob. His jacket is gone, his shirtsleeves rolled up again. The tattoo’s peek out of his sleeve and the stubble on his chin gives him an edgy look. Hell, any red-blooded women would find him incredibly attractive. As it is, though, the looks are just a show to me. They don’t mean anything anymore. When I first met him I admit I felt something between us, the way he looked at me, but now that I know how cruel he can really be all I feel towards him is hatred. Hatred for hurting Tatum and hatred for playing me. The whole time it wasn’t my business he was paying for, it was just to get revenge. I have a moment of clarity before he speaks again. Two can play this game, Mr. Delany.
“Molly, please. Come closer. Sit with me for a moment.”
I begrudgingly decide to do as he asks. Maybe, just maybe, I can play him the way he’s been playing me. He doesn’t know how much we’ve figured out about him in the last few days, all he knows is what I told him when Tatum left. And that wasn’t much. I walk slowly towards him, eyes never leaving his. Chills run down my spine as he takes my arm and helps me sit next to him at one of the elegantly decorated banquet tables. His hand doesn’t leave me when he sits, though, and I notice his eyes glance down at the scars from a few months ago. Instead, he slides it down to grasp my hand in my lap.
“You feel it too, don’t you?” he whispers. What the hell is this guy’s problem? All I feel is the immense urge to punch him, but I push that down and focus on the task at hand. Play it right and he’ll believe everything I say and do. Fuck up and he’ll kill me, this much I know.
“I can’t, Rob.” It comes out barely a whisper. I’m not able to look at him so I stare at my lap. He’s insanely intense and looking into those deep, dark eyes will lead to nothing good right now. I’m not attracted to him by any means. My mind keeps screaming to move away from his touch. It’s my body that is telling me otherwise. I hate it, but my body is reacting to him like my mind reacts to Tatum.
His hands leave mine and I breathe a sigh of relief. Maybe I can’t play this game. I’m not hard enough to play with someone’s mind. I’m not tough enough to play games with other people’s emotions. Needless to say I would never make it in Rob’s world, and I’m not sure what I was thinking when I decided to play this game with him. I was trying to find an easy way back to Tatum, but I should’ve just booked it and ran out of the closest door that wasn’t blocked. I was trying to find my way out of this mess, and I thought that if I could fool him into trusting me then I’d be able to make a run for it when he least expected it. It’s as if he can read my mind, though, because suddenly his hand reaches over and tightens around my wrist. I jerk my head up and look at him, my eyes wide with an emotion I hate: fear. His face is tense, his eyes showing no emotion.
“You will, Molly. Just wait,” he growls.
Standing, he slides back on his jacket and smirks down at me. 
“One day, Ms. Ward,” he grins, then strides out of the room like that wasn’t the most bizarre thing he’s ever done. 
What the hell? 
I let out a sigh and close my eyes before returning to the party with the Bride’s purse. 

TWO
Tatum
Present Day
Fucking asshole. The lead that sent me here to Florida was a dead end. Those fuckers are going to seriously be hurting when I get ahold of them. Seven times now I’ve traveled to a city where I thought I would find her, getting my hopes up just for them to come crashing down around me. I’m starting to lose faith in my father’s men and how clearly they can take directions. Hell, it was one of them that ratted out our plans to Brian in Washington and it was one of them that willingly helped in the kidnapping of the woman I love. Needless to say, those two are well below ground right now, never to speak another word to anyone, but it still doesn’t sit right with me.
The only thing holding this crusade together at this point is Eddie. He literally sits at his computer for over twelve hours each day, scouring everything he can to try and find her. He’s been a huge help in keeping my head on straight during this whole ordeal.
I’m sitting in the airport, ready to board when I hear my phone from inside my bag. I haven’t turned it off yet, so I grab it before they call my plane number.
“Hey Eddie, what’s new?” I ask, knowing the answer is going to be the same as always.
“Uh, dude. Are you sitting down?” What the shit?
“Yes, what?” I snap.
“Dude, we just intercepted a package that was heading for Molly’s…er…your house. Our guys opened it at the warehouse….” He trails off.
“What the fuck is in the package, Eddie?” I practically scream in my phone, feeling my blood pressure rising with every minute of this phone call. I hear Eddie take a deep breath before answering.
“Her fucking panties this time, man…and photos…”
“What the hell do you mean photos?” My skin starts to heat as the meaning of his words sink in.
“You know damn well what type of pictures this sick fuck sent, dude. I don’t want to have to spell it out to you, and I sure as hell don’t want to look at them again. Ain’t my cup of tea, looking at other dude’s packages.”
Mother. Fucker.
I throw the phone back into the bag, not even worrying about hanging up. He knows the drill by now. Don’t hang around to hear my outrage, especially after breaking something like that to me.
 FUCK!
The packages have been coming for about a month. Once a week. For the first month we heard nothing. Silence from the Delany camp on all ends. No crazy news stories about the recent wedding, no news about Robert’s busy party life, nothing. Then one day it all changed when I got a delivery. It was her shirt she was wearing the last day I saw her. It was bloodied, but not too terribly. I lost it. Practically tore the town apart asking who delivered the box to my house, but no one could tell me anything. That night I got completely shit faced and almost gave up. Had it not been for Eddie I may not have stopped drinking. He talked sense into me the next day when I could think straight. We handed the shirt over to my father’s men who confirmed it was Molly’s blood. It made the rage inside me boil to levels I never knew possible. Not even when Brian was about to do God-knows-what to her was I as angry. It’s these mind games that have kept me on edge these two months. We’ve since received her pants, her shoes, locks of her hair, and now her fucking underwear.
The entire plane ride home I spend in silence, imagining ways to torture Robert Delany. Physical torture won’t be enough for this sick of a bastard. I don’t care if he hasn’t touched a hair on her head, he still took her. That’s enough to make me want to murder. Once I see those pictures, though, I’m sure I’ll have a whole new reason to murder Robert Delany. If he did things to her, things that are irreversible, I’m not sure I’ll be able to control myself once I get my hands on him.
When I finally make it back home, I walk in to see Eddie’s sub-station he set up in the living room unmanned. The house looks like a bunch of college kids have been staying in it, but I can’t bring myself to clean it. I don’t want to take her smell out of the house.
I yell for him and he answers from upstairs. Heading up, I leave my suitcase on the landing. I’ll probably be using it again soon the way things have been going. I walk into Molly’s office to see papers everywhere. Eddie’s a self-proclaimed computer nerd that looks like he could kill a man with one arm. He’s the hardest guy I’ve been around and he comes by it honestly, given his past. I keep telling him he needs to focus on his future to forget his past, but he shoves it off every damn time. Apparently I’ve also turned into a sap since losing Molly.
“Hey man. How was the flight?” he asks, knowing the answer. I grunt and sit on the couch across from the desk he’s working at.  This was supposed to be my office when I first moved in. Now it’s turned into the main hub for trying to find Molly. The boxes have been moved downstairs to an empty room so that we can have room to spread out every lead we get in, and a few more chairs were brought in so we all don’t have to sit on the floor while spending hours on end searching for anything that will bring her back to me.
Eddie silently nods his head and turned back to the computer screen. He and I have gotten close this last month and a half. Coming from the family that I do, making friends was always incredibly hard. No one wanted their kid to befriend a Savage. Even in the upper grades no one wanted to be associated with me, and if they did it was because of my money. My brother was the only best friend I really had until he was taken from us too early. It’s weird being able to talk to another guy like I’d talk to my brother, but Eddie knows everything now. He’s truly the closest thing I’ll ever have to a brother. I haven’t been the nicest person to be around the last two months, but he puts up with it.
“I’m starting to lose hope, man,” I sigh and run my fingers through my hair. I need a haircut, I need to shave, but I need her back more. I’m tired of this. I just want her back in my life. My body aches without hers against me, I need to feel her warmth. I need to smell her again. I need her, and it’s starting to really take a toll on me. I’ve lost weight since she’s been gone; lost some of my muscle definition I used to have. She’d be ashamed in me if she knew how bad I’ve gotten, but I can’t live for myself if I can’t live for her. Hell, we should’ve been well into wedding planning by now, but instead she’s out there somewhere and I’m apparently not good enough to find her.
“Don’t. Don’t you do that Tatum. I see you over there. Whatever mood you’ve gotten yourself into, get the fuck out of it. You’ve worked too hard to give up now. We will find her.” He seems dead set on that. I’m not so sure anymore.


THREE
Molly
2 months ago
As soon as I can I hightail it out of there. The first day of the wedding adventure is over and I just want to get back to Tatum. I grab my camera bag and start my car from across the parking lot. It’s crazy humid and I need a cool car for the drive home. I really need a drink to calm my nerves, but that will have to wait. Before I can make it to the car, though, a black Hummer pulls in front of me and the back door opens. I hear his voice before I see him.
“Get in.”
“Move, Rob. I need to get home,” I hiss, then attempt to move around the massive car. Before I make it, the same guard from before comes around from the back and lifts me into the car with ease, even through my struggles and kicking. My senses are on full alert when the door clicks shut and I hear the locks engage. Fuck! I try to control my breathing, sensing a panic attack on the rise. 
Collecting my thoughts, I try my best to catalogue all of my surroundings. I can’t see out of any of the windows they’re tinted so dark. Rob is in the front seat, the guard is driving. The car starts moving and even though I try with all my might I can’t get the door to unlock and open.
“Let me out, Robert!” I scream. “I don’t know what the FUCK you’re doing, but this is ridiculous!” My breaths are coming quicker now and if I don’t watch it I know I’ll black out. If that happens I’d never know where we’re going. If I don’t know where we’re going I won’t be able to find my way back. I have to get out of here!
He laughs from the front seat and turns up the radio to drown out my screams. Classical music fills the cab as I continue my assault on the door. The car’s slowly driving towards the street and I’m quickly losing my cool. Once I give up on the door, I figure my next best option is to get to the driver. With nothing on me and my camera bag being left in the parking lot, all I have is my strength and my two hands. I go for his eyes fist, reaching over the seat, trying to pry his eyes out of his head. I don’t stop my attack until I heard the telltale click of a gun coming from Robert’s side of the vehicle.
“You should probably stop that, Molly. I know how much you value your life,” he grinds out, obviously pissed that things aren’t going as easily as he hoped. 
“Fuck you Robert Delany! You are one fucked up piece of entitled bullshit. Let me out of this car right FUCKING NOW!” I’ve had enough of this. Obviously, my outburst is funny to Rob, as he starts laughing from his seat.
“God, Molly. I love that about you. Never willing to give up without a fight.” He sighs “This is going to be interesting. I love a good challenge.” He smiles, the gun still aimed at my head. Fighting a gun is pointless. I sit back in my seat and put on the seatbelt. Pissed at myself for getting into this mess, I sit there not making another sound. If he wants a challenge he’s about to get one.
The car starts moving again, pulling into traffic. With as dark as the windows are I can’t tell where we’re headed. I try to memorize turns and what I can see out of the front window but it’s useless. All I can do is pray they doesn’t kill me before Tatum finds me. He came for me before; I know he will come again.

Rob
We’ve brought Molly to my safe house in Maine. She hasn’t spoken to me in the three days we’ve been here, but I know it’s just a matter of time. She can’t keep going like this; she needs food and water eventually. Of course, Molly doesn’t know where we are, and the basement is a dark and damp place for her to be. I can’t risk her getting out, though. I’m not stupid. If Tatum ever finds out where I am, I’m a dead man.
Kidnapping her was never the plan. The plan was originally to steal her from Tatum and enjoy her for myself for a while. Eventually I’d grow tired of her, like every other woman, and throw her aside, ruined for all other men. Unfortunately, the events of that day made it hard for me to let her leave. Her eyes gave away too much. She needs to be silenced and Tatum needs to know how it feels to be left without the one you love. My family’s pissed at the circumstances, but someone has to pay for my sister’s death. She was my fucking twin… we had just reunited for Christ’s sake!
Since she was shoved in the car, Molly’s been a handful. I see why Tatum is so taken with her. She’s feisty, strong willed, and doesn’t show fear. She’s a beautiful women. Curves where they should be, wild red hair, emotional eyes. I would’ve had her by now, but rape isn’t really my style. I’d rather her be willing, and willing she will be. If tempted enough, in enough time any red blooded women will give into me.
 I am Robert Delany after all, I break women easily.

FOUR
Tatum
Present Day
Eddie and I spent all night scouring the Delany files for the millionth time. I don’t sleep well anymore, so when Eddie called it a night and headed off to the guest room, I stayed up to continue my search for her. Every time I close my eyes I see her, and it hurts me physically when I wake up from the dream and she isn’t next to me. It’s best for everyone around me if I don’t sleep.
I know I’ve become somewhat of an asshole to be around lately, but the woman I love was torn out of my life and I can’t do anything to find her. I’m doing the best I can, my father is doing the best he can, but none of us have been good enough. Hell, I’m even keeping her business afloat for her with the help of a friend just so when she comes home she has something to come back to.
All I can keep thinking is that it shouldn’t be this hard. It shouldn’t be hard to track where Robert Delany has been. It shouldn’t be this hard to track a fucking bank account or credit card. Unfortunately, the Delany family seems to be in pristine standing these last two months. It’s almost as if they know what he did and are watching their behavior as to not throw anyone off. I wouldn’t doubt it, given the past that they have with my family, but someone as bound to mess up, and when they do I will catch it. Over and over I look through the money movement in his family, looking for a bit of a pattern. Eddie’s been focusing on watching the credit cards, the phone bills, even where family members are filling up on gas. I thought maybe taking a cross-glance at the bank statements could tell us something that we didn’t already see. My eyes hurt, my head hurts, but I can’t stop. I won’t stop, not until she’s in my arms again.
It’s 3:33 am when I see it. My entire body tenses as I compare the files of three different Delany family members, none of whom I’ve ever heard of. I do a quick search for each name and come up completely empty. Those fucking assholes made up names to put on accounts and thought we wouldn’t find it. This is too much, everything lines up perfectly. Could this really be what we’ve been looking for? The movement of money from their account to one of an unknown source all happens at the same time each week. And it started two months ago. 
Shit!
I run into Eddie’s room, scaring the piss out of him as I turn on the light and throw a nearby box at him.  He jolts up, rubbing his arm.
“The fuck, Savage?” he growls. Eddie isn’t a morning person, and being that he went to bed two hours ago he isn’t going to get up so easily. This, though. This is enough to get him up.
“Look. Do you see it?” I ask frantically as I shove the papers at him, praying that it just isn’t my tired eyes playing tricks on me. He studies them for a few moments then looks up at me, eyes wide.
“How the hell did you find this? We’ve spent endless fucking hours scouring these accounts...” he mumbles as he gets up and throws on his pants. The man is about as built as I used to be, just a few inches shorter. We could pass as brothers, actually, if put side by side. The dark short hair, toned muscles, even the same skin tone, though his was covered in tattoos. He really doesn’t fit the look of computer nerd, but man he’s good at his job. He strides into the office and sits back at his computer, rubbing his face to wake up. Soon, he starts clicking at the keys, eyes flicking from one screen to another. For too long he doesn’t talk, just compares papers to the screens in front of him. Finally, the words I’ve been waiting two months to hear came out of his mouth.
“I think you may have just found your girl, dude.” 

FIVE
Molly
One month ago
I’ve never been a weak person. I’ve never given up. When faced with the horror that I’ve faced in my past, I have gotten up each day and pushed on. I moved across the country without a dime to my name. I opened and business on my own that was doing very well before this ordeal. I let my parents wonder where I was for five years because I didn’t want then to be in danger. Now, though, as I sit here in his bed, I hate myself more than I have ever imagined possible.
I lasted four weeks in that basement. Four weeks of hell. Every day he would come down, the light from upstairs illuminating his rock hard, shirtless body as he strode down the short staircase to me. Every day he would run his hands down my jaw, down my neck. He never went much further than that, but every time he would wear me down more and more. Every day those touches would bring more and more unwanted feelings. Make me second guess my life, everything that I thought I knew about love and relationships. He had taken my clothes and replaced them with his underwear and under shirt. He also cut my hair short, more ‘to his liking’. I had his smell on me daily and hated it. I hate him. I hate what he would whisper to me.
You won’t be able to stay down here forever, Molly. Come with me.
I’ll wait until you’re ready, Molly.
It won’t be long now, doll.
Baby, come with me. You know how good we could be.
You are going to taste so damn sweet.
Each day I would be tortured, as his words trickled in my ear, down my neck. Each day he did this, then left me alone. One day turned into two. Two turned into three. The first few days I was so angry that I was tied to a water pipe in a dark cold basement, in God-knows what state. I was keeping hope that Tatum was coming for me, but each day that passed I lost a little more hope. He should have found me by now, right? I dream of him at night. The way he touched me, the way he held me. I woke up mid climax more times than I can count. I missed him so much I didn’t know what to do with myself.
I was strung so tight that the last time Rob walked down the stairs to attempt to coax me into being with him that I went back up with him willingly. Even if it was only for release, I still did it. I still willingly slept with Robert Delany. I’ve gone against everything I stand for and slept with the man that kidnapped me and kept me tied to a pipe in the basement. To make matters worse, my release was actually enjoyable. I fucking enjoyed it!
Just the thought makes me want to puke, and I run for the bathroom before dry heaving into the toilet. There’s nothing in me. I haven’t had a full meal in a month. He’s offered meals, but I won’t eat what he gives me. I’ve had water every day as my way to stay alive. I know I’ve lost weight and I probably look horrific. Why a man as beautiful as Robert Delany would want me at this point in my life is beyond me. Hell, I went a full month without seeing sunlight. I’m sure that does wonders for a person’s skin. I know he’s using me to piss Tatum off, but how much will be enough?
Sitting on the bathroom floor the realization of what I just did hits me full force. Oh God, what if he finds out!? Is Tatum even going to want me back? Shit, no! The thought of him with another woman breaks me, why didn’t I think of him!?  The thought never crossed my mind! I was so worn down and frustrated from recently waking from another dream about Tatum, that when Rob came down with his rock hard body and whispered promises, I didn’t have much resistance left! 
Oh my God. 
I’m shaking on the bathroom floor, wearing nothing but his t-shirt. I have nothing left. Tatum won’t have me back once he learns what I did, what I had to do to be free from the basement and free from the darkness that was settling over me. Robert’s just using me as payback and once Tatum is over me and no longer cares that I’m gone, I’m sure Rob will throw me away like the others. 
No.
I refuse to be a casualty of Robert Delany. I’ve seen photos of what he does to women. The bruises, the cuts, the black eyes. Looking at those pictures has always made me angry that the women didn’t leave before it escalated. Sitting in his bathroom I realize that leaving may not have been an option for them. At least this way I don’t turn into a walking zombie by the time he’s done with me. I already feel myself pulling into the darkness, not caring about anything anymore. I can’t have that. I won’t have it. I was born to be stronger than this, and it’s going to take a whole hell of a lot of strength to do what I have to do to get out of this house.
Standing up I turn on the light and wince at the brightness. The woman looking back at me in the mirror isn’t the woman I remember. Shorter, unruly hair. He cut it with an old pair of scissors, so it is uneven and curlier than before, if that’s even possible. The woman I see in the mirror has dark circles under her eyes, even significant weight loss in her facial features. This woman isn’t me. I don’t want to continue this. I don’t want to live in this prison, and that’s exactly what this is. I know what Robert Delany does to women, and I won’t be one of them.  I lock the door and turn on the shower, grabbing the hair cutting scissors on my way and plugging the drain at the bottom of the tub. If this is my only way out, then so be it.

Rob
She finally fucking gave in. She caved, just like I knew she would. It was so sweet, being inside her. After a month with nothing, she was so tight I wasn’t sure how long I would last. Amazingly, she was already wet with need. Jesus that woman. My body is filled with so much joy that I just effectively ripped out Tatum’s heart and stomped on it. He needs to know this. He needs to know she’s no longer his. I want to jump with excitement at what just happened, but I can’t. I know he’s out there, looking. I know it’s a matter of time before he finds us, but now I’m prepared. Now I have the ultimate payback. Walking to the printer, I send a few photos through to be printed. He should enjoy these. I’ll wait until the rest of her clothes have been sent before sending this to fuck with him.
I was starting to get worried it would never happen. I was starting to worry that I would have a dead woman on my hands before she finally gave into her desires for me. She’s a stubborn woman, indeed. It made the victory that much sweeter.
Now all I need to do is keep her at arm’s reach. I can’t put her back in the basement now that I’ve learned just how good she can be in bed, but I can damn sure make certain that she has zero contact with the outside world. No way she’s getting out now that I’ve finally wore her down. Now the real fun begins. Sure the blood stained clothing articles were a good touch, but the thought that she willingly had sex with me is so much better. She gave up on him and gave into me. GOD I wish I could see his reaction to this news. My cell phone rings, breaking my joyous thoughts.
“What,” I snap.
“Move her,” is all my father says.
“You know that can’t happen.”
“You will move her, or the money and assistance stop. Once those stop, he finds you and I don’t want to have a damn thing to do with that fallout. The house you are in belongs to a Delany. The name alone is enough to send him sniffing. Move the fucking girl or I’ll do it for you.”
I sigh and know he’s right. After all, he is my father, one of the meanest men in the country. When he says he will move her, he means in a body bag to the bottom of the ocean. I’m not quite done with my fun yet, though. I agree and hang up. Now to figure out where the fuck to go, and what to do when we get there.
I walk back into the bedroom and hear the door to the bathroom lock. Figures. Giving her no time to think about what just happened, I grab the key and let myself in. The steam is billowing out of the shower and the curtain is already pulled shut. Leaving my pants on, as I never shower with the women I am fucking, I pull back the curtain and freeze.
Tears running down her cheeks, hands shaking as she is caught trying to press the scissors into her wrist. Fury runs through me. I yell, grab her by her hair, and throw her in the bedroom. What a fucking bitch! She will not do this to me! I have a fucking plan!
I only hit her a couple times, but she goes down immediately. She will know after tonight that she doesn’t fuck with me. If I want her dead it will be by my hand, not some pussy way out behind my back. Fucking cutting her wrists. Ha! 
If she wants pain, I can give her pain.


SIX
Molly
Present Day
Ever since that day in the shower, Rob hasn’t left me alone in a room. He also has taken to hitting me daily to ‘remind me who’s in charge’. Apparently it really pissed him off that I was trying to ruin his master plan. The guards all see the black eyes and bruises he gives me but no one says a word. I’m so miserable here; I can’t do this much longer. I keep trying to find ways to end it, to put myself out of my misery but I can’t. I don’t want to be here anymore, but I don’t want to die, either.  Tatum probably gave up on looking for me long ago. I have nothing anymore, and Rob just wants to fuck me. Each night I lay there, unresponsive to his advances, and each night I end up being fucked by that pig. I want to cut his dick off while he’s sleeping, but he’s had all of the sharp objects taken away.
Though I’m not chained downstairs anymore I am still a prisoner. I’m allowed in the bedroom, bathroom, and living room. If I go anywhere else I pay for it. I have bruises on my ribs currently as proof. Rob has been working furiously to find another place to hide me but from what I can tell is coming up empty. I can feel he’s starting to get frantic, but I really don’t care. I’ve checked out. I sit here, watching the wall most days. There’s a tiny shred of me, the girl I used to be, that’s pissed I allowed myself to break this easily. She’s so fucking mad that I gave in; that I don’t believe Tatum is coming for me. She’s still holding on to hope. She’s the only reason I’m still thinking clearly. She’s giving me that tiny bit of hope that things are going to get better. I know they aren’t, but sometimes it helps to hope.
I hear him yelling from somewhere else in the house. Something about not caring where the money is going or how it gets there. He’s been in an increasingly bad mood, and it gives me pleasure to find him so miserable. There are some days I sit here and imagine all of the awful things I’d do to him if I ever had the chance. It’s morbid, but it keeps me calm. I’ve never hated anyone so much in my entire life as I hate Robert Delany.
I hear him walk up the stairs and into my room. I don’t share a room with him thank the Lord. I wouldn’t ever sleep if I had to share a bed with this animal. Sleep is bad enough as it is. I now not only continue my nightmares about Evie’s murder, but I’ve also started having nightmares about never seeing Tatum again. There have been some where he walks away and doesn’t come back, there have been the ones where he can’t hear me yelling for him, but the darkest ones are the ones where he’s moved on without me and he looks at me with utter disgust. Those are the ones that eat at me the worst.
Robert clears his throat to announce his presence, then speaks to me as if I were a child.
“Put these on. We’re leaving.” He tosses clothes onto the bed. I stare at him, not responding, letting his words sink in. 
He’s taking me somewhere else.
I start to panic inside. The part of me that was holding on hope that Tatum would find me starts to flip. What if he is on his way here and when he gets here I’ll be gone, then it’ll take another two months to find me again, and then I may be gone from there…he’s never going to find me!
“He’s not even looking for you anymore, Molly. He’s moved on,” he growls. “With a more suitable bitch,” he adds with irritation, then slams the door. 
Just like that, the remaining pieces of my world crumble. 

SEVEN
Tatum
I’m going on about forty minutes of sleep, but it doesn’t bother me anymore. Ever since she was taken I haven’t had a full night’s sleep. I’m starting to get used to the sleepless nights and hauntingly lonely days. Eddie’s only good for so many things. I miss her body and the way it curled into me when we were sleeping. I miss her toes and how unbelievably cold they were every night we crawled into bed. Hell, I even miss her morning breath. All of the things that couples complain about, I miss.
Eddie hasn’t let me see the pictures that were sent while I was in Florida. He told me it’s for my own good. I’m not sure how the fuck he thinks that, but he hid them and I haven’t found them yet. To be honest, I haven’t been trying very hard to find it. I am curious, but I know that seeing it may alter my perception of things. I know what Robert’s doing. It’s all a game for him. He’s trying to make me stop looking for her, and he thinks that by sending me pictures of him fucking a red-headed chick is going to make me believe that my Molly would have sex with him, he’s dead wrong. She wouldn’t do that. That’s not the woman I love. Right?
We found the trail of money leading to a bank account of someone by the name of S.T. Lee. Each week money from the three Delany accounts is transferred to this S.T. Lee account, and then quickly withdrawn. Unfortunately we can’t track where it goes once it’s cashed out, and every week the bank account is cashed out to damn near empty. The one thing we do know, however, is that this is all happening in Maine. I’m hopping a fucking flight again, and this time I’m not coming home until I have her.
Eddie’s coming with me this time, so I’ve been waiting an hour for him to pack up the necessities he’ll need to set up a command station in the hotel. My leg won’t stop bouncing and I’m about to blow my top if he doesn’t hurry up.
“Dude, let’s go!” I yell upstairs. I can’t get to her fast enough.
By the looks of the paperwork, the last three weeks have seen an influx of money coming into the account. Eddie said that normally means a move is coming and my father agreed with him. I’m not sure what this means, only that we need to get to Maine, and fast. If I miss finding her because we weren’t thorough enough to find this connection earlier I won’t be able to live with myself.
A few hours later the plane touches down in Maine. I’ve heard it’s supposed to be pretty here, but I’m not focused on my surroundings right now. The only thing I want is Molly. Then, once I’ve found her, I plan on giving Mr. Delany a piece of my mind. And fist.
Once we check into the hotel, using fake names because Delany has eyes and ears everywhere, we lock the door and get to work setting up Eddie’s stations. From here he should be able to locate the bank that’s being used for the money transfers. He should also be able to infiltrate the bank’s system to see if there’s an address linked to the account. It’s all incredibly illegal, but I don’t give a rat’s ass. What Robert Delany is doing is more illegal. He stole the woman I love out of my life, kidnapped her, and is keeping her held hostage somewhere in Maine. I know it. I feel it. I know she’s close.
Two hours pass and Eddie’s still trying to get information. I’ve been pacing our suite the entire time, not saying a word to anyone. I’m not sure how Eddie does whatever he does, but he’s damn good. I just need to be patient. I know he’ll find her. He has to, and when he does I’ll owe my life to him. It’s been about seven hours since we found the connection in the bank statements but we’ve been at a stall ever since. I keep glancing out of our first floor window, thinking that maybe she’ll walk by. Maybe I’ll find her by chance. It doesn’t happen, though. Nothing is ever that easy.
My father calls a few times, giving us updates on all of the dead ends they’ve been following. The good news is that this is definitely not stemming from the situation that happened to Molly in Washington, as my dad has been following those men for the past few months and they’re currently in their own set of troubles. Apparently the money that Brian took meant more to them than we thought and there’s still bad blood between some of the gangs up there due to the still missing money. I wish we knew where it was, but Molly’s adamant that she never knew. I pray that they leave her alone, though, now that Brian is actually dead. The last thing we need is another danger coming for us.
“Got it! Six blocks away. Address matches a Delany property owned by a Deloris Delany, died about ten years ago. Let’s move!” Eddie shouts from the front of the hotel suite.
 My God he did it. 
I run to the car, not even making sure he’s in step behind me. My heart’s pounding and the only thing I can think of is her face. I’m ready for her. I’m coming, Molly.

EIGHT
Molly
I take as long as I can getting dressed. I keep thinking to myself that maybe I’ll be saved before we’re able to leave this awful place. I know it’s just wishful thinking, but I can’t help my mind from thinking it. Slowly I button up the shirt that was given to me, taking my time with this tedious task. At least he got me women’s clothes to wear out in public. Granted, it’s long sleeves and long pants in the middle of summer, but at least I don’t have to wear his clothes. The man is evil, but he’s not stupid. He’s not going to let on to the fact that he is a woman abuser.
I finish up the shirt, pull the pants on, and slide my feet in the sandals. Taking a deep breath I start to leave the room, but pause. If we really are leaving, there will be no one here for a very long time. I’ve heard him talking about how long this house sat empty before we arrived. Racing to the dresser, I grab a pen and paper and scrawl a fast and short note.
I still love you. I still dream about you. Even though you moved on, I will always be yours. -M
I pray, to a God that I’m not sure even cares about me anymore, that the next person that reads that note is my Tatum. My Tatum, the man who I fell in love with when I never thought I’d be able to trust again. The man who I still think about every day. Even though he’s moved on, I will always love him. 
I choke down tears that threaten to fall. These past two months have hardened me. I miss him like crazy, but now that Rob has had sex with me, Tatum isn’t going to want me back even if he hasn’t moved on. I’m damaged goods. More damaged than before. I wouldn’t be surprised if he’s repulsed by me. The words keep replaying in my head. ‘He’s not coming, Molly. He’s moved on’. I don’t want to think about Tatum with another woman, but it was bound to happen. He said he loved me, but he never came for me.
I hear Rob yell from downstairs and slowly begin my descent down the stairs. Passing the front door, wide open, a thought occurs. If I run, he won’t even know it. I could be gone by the time he knows I’ve left. Suddenly his hand grabs mine and he pulls me with him out the front door. Enough for that plan, I guess.
Once we’re outside I take in everything I can see. Well-manicured lawn, three story brick house, longer curvy driveway. The street that the house is on can’t be a busy street because I haven’t heard much traffic in the last few months. This is just a typical rich home. 
He starts walking to the car at the end of the driveway but pauses halfway down the walk. My heartbeat speeds up as he pushes me behind him and looks around the property. There’s a noise in the bush at the front of the house and Rob looks ready to attack. He starts to back me towards the door but I resist. I haven’t left this house in two months, and now that I’m out I don’t ever want to go back inside. I take the opportunity when his hand falls off of me and without thinking I start to run. I’m in sandals, but I don’t care. I run as fast as my feet will take me.
I’m not fast enough, though. I hear him behind me. He’s not yelling, but he’s gaining on me. I don’t turn and look, I just keep going. Hoping I can get to traffic where there will be plenty of witnesses before he gets me, I run for my life. If he catches me I’m good as dead. Hell, I opened a window one day because I wanted fresh air and he left me with a black eye and bruised back. Lessons are learned fast when pain is involved.
About five feet from the turn of the driveway, he slams into me from behind. All his body weight slams me into the drive and I lose my breath. My head hits the concrete before my hands can catch me. Shit that hurts! He presses my head to the concrete and keeps cursing at me. I can’t see, my vision is blurry, and every part of my body hurts from the fall. I try to get up a few times, a massive struggle, but his weight is so heavy I can’t move.
Suddenly, as fast as it happened, the weight is gone. It takes me a minute to collect myself and force my arms to lift my body up off the ground. I slowly turn to look where he went, waiting for another hit from him. If I’ve learned anything in the last month since he started hitting me, it’s that if I prepare for a hit, it doesn’t hurt as bad as when I am unprepared for one. The force never comes, though. Looking around, I notice two figures in the grass next to the driveway. I’m still a little blurry, but it looks like one of beating the shit out of the other one. I hear bones crunching, grunts, and see the blood flying. Before I’m able to focus on what I’m watching someone comes from behind me and grabs me under my arms.
“Quick, let’s go,” the voice says. I go willingly, even though I’m not sure where or whom I’m going with. He stays behind me, leading me towards a car parked across the street. There are a few gunshots behind me, I hear people yelling now, but I keep moving. Anywhere is better than back at that house. My heart is racing, and I should be worried about who I am leaving with, but I’m not. No one can be as bad as Robert Delany.
The man that pulled me to the car is about the same build as Tatum, strong jaw, buzzed hair, and tattoos covering everything I can see from the neck down. He’s gentle while putting me in the car, but it turns to urgency when people start racing towards us. He climbs in and gets away right before the men coming after me can get to us.
I breathe a sigh of relief. I’m finally free! He can’t hurt me anymore! I’m safe… but I’m still in a car with a total stranger. I don’t know his name, I don’t know where we are going, and now I worry more than ever that I’m never going to be free. What if this man is a killer? What if he is worse than Rob? The thoughts start to swirl and I start to breathe heavier and heavier. At least with Rob, Tatum knew who had me...or at least I hoped he did. With a stranger like this, no one knows where to look. As if the driver senses my worried thoughts, he speaks up.
“I’m Eddie. You don’t need to be afraid, Molly. You’re safe now.” He says in a very smooth baritone voice. Why does that name sound so familiar, and why do I feel like I’ve heard his voice before?
“How do you know my name?” I ask.
“Ah. Well, Oh where to start...” I can tell he’s torn as to what he’s going to tell me. He seems a little jittery, actually. Nervous. “Let’s just say we have a few friends in common...” he trails off, focusing on the road and periodically checking his phone. Something I usually wouldn’t have condoned, but I’m just happy I’m safe with him.  I can tell that’s about all I’m going to get from him, though, as he grows silent for the remainder of our short trip.
He takes me to a hotel just a few minutes away from where he picked me up from, still very on edge from what happened and obsessed with his phone. He’s probably checked it twenty times in the short drive to the hotel.
Amazingly, I still don’t know where I am. When I was taken, I panicked and blacked out. When I woke up I was on a plane, hands and feet tied, mouth gagged. When I got put in the car for the drive they covered my eyes. It was all so secret. Even to the point of restricting me to certain rooms once he let me out of the basement.
 I have no clue where I am, and though it should scare the piss out of me that I could be in some country on the other side of the world, all I can feel is peace that I’m finally out of the clutches of Robert Delany.
Once we get inside the room my mind is spinning. I want to find him and torture him for what he did to me. Awful things cross my mind, pain that I would enjoy bringing him. Different ways of evil torture are swimming through my head. 
I walk into the bathroom and close the door. It’s funny. I’ve been alone for two months. Solitary confinement for half of that. All I want to do now, though, is be by myself. If I can’t have Tatum, I don’t want anyone. I want the easy conversation back, I want the feeling of comfort. I want it all. Only, I want it with the one person I can’t have anymore. I slide down the wall and hug my knees. The tears start to roll and this time I’m not even going to try to keep them away. For two month’s I’ve been strong. I haven’t cried when he hit me, I didn’t cry a tear in that basement, but now in the safety of this bathroom I let it all out. A soft knock on the door makes me lift my head from its current resting spot.
“Yes,” I manage to say, almost in a whisper.
“You ok in there?” His voice sounds worried. I’m not sure why. I still don’t know who this guy is or what his story is. All I know is that he saved me from the hell I was living in. For that I owe him my life.
“Yea, I’m good. I’ll be out in a minute.” Standing up, I gather my thoughts as quickly as I can. What I know is that I’m in a hotel with a stranger. I no longer am with Rob. He can no longer hurt me. I still don’t know where exactly I am, but I plan on finding out everything I can.
I walk out of the bathroom just as he’s coming back into the room from what looks like an adjoining room. He shuts the door tight behind him and watches me walk across the room to sit on the oversized chair by the window. The people outside are walking by without a care in the world and I’m here, waiting for everything to fall apart again.
“Who are you?” I finally ask him.
“I’m Eddie.” He hasn’t moved from his spot by the door. He’s leaning against the doorframe, watching me like he’s afraid to spook me. His phone buzzes and he looks at the screen. His shoulders visibly release the tension they had been holding as he types furiously back to whomever it is that texted him.
“Right, that’s been established.” I roll my eyes. “What I meant was, how did you know what was going on back there?”
He sighs, then walked towards me. I can tell he’s mentally cataloguing everything he sees on me. Some bruises have faded, and Rob tried mostly to keep it off the face though he didn’t succeed, but I know I look rough.  On top of the regular bruises, I also have a massive bump on my head from the fall. I need a shower, but I don’t have any clean clothes and don’t want to make things even weirder that they already are.
“You look pretty rough. Wanna talk about it?” Of course he would completely ignore my question. It’s as if he really doesn’t want me knowing anything about him.
“Not really,” I manage, and turn to look back out the window.
“You know, when I was a kid my dad used to beat my mom,” he sys quietly as he sinks into the chair across from me. “Every night she would get it for something. Dinner wasn’t hot enough, dinner was too hot. Once it was because it was raining his entire drive home…like she could control it!” I’m not sure why he’s telling me this, but I listen all the same. “She never spoke of it to her friends. He was always ‘good’ with not bruising up her face, so no one knew. One day, when I was about eight, I came home with my older sister after school to find her. She was dead. The note apologized to me and my sister for being a terrible mom.” I gasp as he talks about this tragedy like he wasn’t involved in it. There’s no emotion in his voice when talking about this, and I’m at a loss for words. I look up at him and our eyes meet. “You seem like a nice girl. Whatever happened to you, you need to talk about it. To someone. It’ll eat you alive, just like it did my mom. I don’t want to see you end up like her.” He says with the most compassion I’ve ever heard come out of a stranger.
I don’t know what the future holds, but that was the strangest uplifting speech ever. I nod at him, give him a weak smile, and turn back to the window. I’m not ready to talk, yet.

NINE
Tatum
Sitting here for an hour, watching nothing more than random cars passing by, has me ready to storm in on my own accord, murdering anyone in my way of her. She has to be in there, and it’s been so long since they took her that I’m ready to kill. 
“Where the hell are you, Mr. Delany?” Eddie grumbles from the passenger seat, clicking away on his laptop. I nod and grunt, not taking my eyes off the front of the brick house. 
Something inside the side window moves and I sit up a little straighter. 
“You see that?” I ask, slapping Eddie. 
“Yep,” he answers, bringing out his binoculars. 
“They have her in there, Eddie. They do, I can feel it.”
“Shit, look,” he whispers, pointing to the road in front of the house. 
I watch, gritting my teeth as a black Hummer pulls into the drive, followed by another one exactly like it. The long driveway looks half the size with the massive black vehicles sitting in it. My leg starts to bounce impatiently as two men get out of each hummer and walk to the door, slipping inside. I growl, and my hand twitches on my door handle.
“Calm your jets, Savage. You give us away before we’re fully prepared and they kill us both.” Eddie knows what he’s talking about, but that doesn’t make it any easier. 
“I know, I know. You don’t know how much this is eating at me though. I need her back, Eddie. If she’s in there. If I see her. You better be ready to follow me because I’m not waiting for you.”
“Trust me, dude. I know how much this is affecting you. I’ve had to live with your cranky old man ass the whole time. And yes, I’ll be right there with you,” he promises, his eyes still tracking the movements inside the house.
Moments later an unmistakable figure fills the doorway of the two story brick house. 
Robert. Fucking. Delany. 
He looks around before stepping out of the house. That’s when I notice her. The woman he’s pulling behind him. She’s staring at the ground as she steps out of the house, but the moment she looks up my heart sinks. Short hair, rail thin, but I’ll never forget those eyes. 
It’s her. 
I’m out of the truck before Eddie can stop me. I have to get to her. Running along the outside of the driveway, hidden by bushes, we stop towards the middle of the driveway, right between the Hummers. My foot crunches on a stick and I mentally curse myself. 
Shit. 
I notice Rob stop and push her behind him. Shit, he heard us. I see her hesitation at first as he tries pushing her back into the house, but then out of nowhere she books it down the driveway. Son of a bitch! My impulsive Molly is still a fighter!
Eddie points out the men at the car, not paying any attention to what’s happening in the driveway and I nod. We take off for her right as Rob plows into her, sending her already frail frame into the ground. I see red. The pent up anger inside me from the last two months comes out full force.
Pulling him off of her, I throw him into the ground as hard as I can and start wailing. I haven’t done this in so long I’m a little rusty, but soon I remember just the right swings to break plenty of bones. This asshole. My mind keeps telling me to get off of him since he’s stopped fighting back. I need to check on Molly. I need to get to her, but I keep hitting him. The cracking of bones in his face, the blood covering him and me. The only thing that brings me out of my fury is the gunshot I hear. Pain registers in my right arm, but nothing I haven’t handled before. I look up and see the men from the house descending on me. Standing up, I spit on his face as he rolls to his side in pain. 
“You haven’t seen the last of me, asshole,” I growl, then kick him one last time in the ribs before taking off down the driveway.
Molly’s gone, but so is Eddie so it’s safe to say he has her. My phone was broken in the fight and now I’m walking around the streets of Maine with a bloody, torn shirt and a gunshot wound to the arm. It fucking burns, but I don’t think it actually went in, just a grazing. I really hate that man! The next time I get my hands on him may be the end for him, especially after I find out just what he did to her.
Hailing a cab to the nearest hospital, I’m beyond pissed that I’m currently seeking medical attention instead of finding my girl, but something tells me she isn’t going to respond too nicely to me being covered in blood. For some reason on the way to the hospital in the back of the cab my thoughts drift to my siblings. More so my sister. She was taken when she was about ten years old and we never saw her again. The sick fuck did the same types of things that Rob did with Molly’s things. Every week or so my parents would get something else in the mail that was hers. Every week we would lose hope that she wasn’t coming back. Eventually my mom stopped crying, my dad stopped opening the packages, and we tried to get back to normal. Then the body parts started coming. I still remember the first box that had her fingers in it. I was only a boy, but I opened the box not knowing what it was and almost threw up. These past two months all I could think about was what I would do if that started happening with Molly. If one day I stopped caring. I could never, Molly is everything to me. If I didn’t have her for the rest of my life I’m not sure how I could go on.
While at the hospital I’m able to get my phone to turn on thanks to help from one of the nurses. I may have used the Savage smile on them, but I’m becoming frantic to make sure Molly and Eddie are okay. There’s a massive crack in the screen but it still works enough for me to check messages. I have about twenty texts, all from Eddie. My heart speeds up as I read each of them.
Eddie: Dude, what the fuck?! Where the hell are you?!
Eddie: I left and brought her back to the hotel, meet us here.
Eddie: I’m starting to get fucking worried, man.
Eddie: She’s flipping out in the bathroom, dude. You need to get here.
They go on, each getting more and more frantic due to my lack of communication. The last one is what sends me over the edge, though.
Eddie: I can’t get her to talk, Tatum. Wherever you are you need to get here. It’s bad.
Unfortunately, Eddie knows a thing or two about mistreated woman. He’s also a man of little words. A text that long from him means something’s really wrong. Didn’t he tell her who he is? I would have hoped she would be over the moon excited to see me. Whatever that asshole Delany did to her these last two months, the description in Eddie’s texts makes it sound like he broke her. 
After finding a nurse willing enough to let me use her phone, I shoot a quick text to Eddie explaining my situation, telling him I’ll be there soon and not to let her leave. I haven’t fully got her back yet, I can’t lose her again.
Molly
Now that the stress of being in that damn house has been lifted, I suddenly realize just how hungry I am. I chance a look around the room I’m sitting in, but see nothing but Eddie’s clothes and a laptop. It’s strange how familiar these everyday items are to me. I remember Tatum wearing shoes like that, I remember him working on a similar laptop. Unfortunately, after searching and searching the room, I’ve realized there’s no food, no drinks, not even any peanuts or granola bars. I’m not sure where Eddie is, as he left soon after he told me about his mom, but I’m so hungry right now I’m starting to shake. With no money to get food, though, I don’t really know what to do.
As if he knows exactly what I need, Eddie walks back in the room with a tray full of food and a shy smile on his face.
“Hey. So, I heard your stomach earlier. No offense, but you look like you could eat. I got everything on the menu.” Walking out of the room, he comes back in immediately with another tray full of food. Pizza slices, cheeseburgers, fries. All of the greasy food that I had come to miss dearly, and this stranger knew exactly what to bring for me. Am I missing something? Does Eddie really know me? Why was he at that house at the same time I was being moved? I have so many questions but they all have to wait. I am so hungry I can’t really think straight.
I dig in, not caring what I look like. Three fries at a time, huge bites of the burger. I’m probably overdoing it, but seriously I’ve never felt so hungry in my life. I didn’t even feel the urge to eat, though, until sitting in this room. It’s weird what nerves can do to your appetite. I haven’t eaten more than a piece of toast a day for the last two months.
Eddie’s sitting in the chair by the desk with the laptop open. He’s been so nice this entire time and all I’ve been is broodingly quiet. Maybe I should try for small talk. I can do that. I used to know how to do that.
“So, uh, Eddie. Where are we?” Simple enough question, but the way he flicks his gaze up to me makes me second guess asking it.
“You don’t know where we are?” he asks, his eyebrows pulling in in confusion.
“It’s embarrassing…but no. No clue. Sorry I asked, never mind.” I say, lowering my head. And now I feel like the stupid kid in class who always asks the wrong things. Maybe small talk isn’t my forte anymore.
He walks across the bed and sits down next to me. For a minute I think he’s going to take my hand, but he doesn’t. That’s good, I may run if someone tried touching me right now.
“Molly, if you don’t mind me asking. What happened to you?” he asks, his gaze connecting with mine. I start to feel the trembles coming. I can’t do this. I’m not ready to talk about this. Just this morning I received a beating because… well, just because. Things have happened so fast today it almost doesn’t seem real. Part of me has been waiting for Eddie to strike out over something, but the sane part of me keeps telling the crazy part that she’s nuts. Not everyone is evil. Not everyone is like Rob.
“You know, I’m pretty tired. I think I’m going to lay down.” I whisper as I get up to move the food trays to the table. On my way I see a glance of myself in the mirror and cringe. God, I really need to get my hair fixed.
He gets the point I’m trying to make a recedes back to the chair he was occupying a few moments ago. His eyes watch me this time, though. As if he’s trying to figure me out. There’s nothing to figure out here. Just a broken girl. A broken girl that can only be fixed by the one thing she won’t ever have again: Tatum Savage.
***
His hand comes down again, this time harder than the first, slapping my cheek. My ribs are killing me and my head is throbbing from where he grabbed my hair. I refuse to cry. I refuse to show weakness.
“When you don’t ask, bad things happen. You FUCKING ask if you want a window open!” he bellows as his shoe comes in contact with my ribs. Good lord those may be broken. The kicks continue, each harder than the first. The pain is outrageous, but I don’t shed a tear. Taking in a breath, I conclude that one rib may just indeed be broken as pain shoots through my entire mid-section.
Just when I think he’s done he pulls me up by my hair and glares at me. Those eyes, those black as night eyes haunt me.
“Disgusting. You’re kidding yourself if you ever think he’s going to want you back after this,” he mutters, then he throws me down as hard as he can and I lay there, unable to move, in a heap on the floor.
***
Out of breath and sweating, I jolt up in bed. The tears from the nightmare still on my face. I move to wipe them off and suddenly remember the bumps and bruises that sting as I wipe across them. It’s dark in my room, but I remember where I am. I’m safe, he can’t hurt me.
I whisper that to myself over and over again as my eyes adjust to the darkness in the room. The blinds are either shut tight or I’ve been asleep for a hell of a long time. I look around for a clock and that’s when I notice him, standing in the corner watching me.
Shit, I’m still dreaming aren’t I?


TEN
Tatum
The nurse here is about to get a taste of how nasty I can be. They’re so fucking slow! All I need are a few stitches and to be on my way. I don’t need pain pills, I don’t need any numbing shit. Fuck, just hand me the needle and I’ll sew it up myself! By the time she finally finishes, I practically run out of the hospital to find a cab. I picked up a shirt from the gift shop when I got here, so I throw that on in the back of the cab, tossing the bloody one out the window. The cabbie gives me a weird look but doesn’t say anything when my eyes narrow at him. 
The entire drive I can’t stop my leg from shaking. My nerves are on high and I’m about to jump out of the cab and run to the hotel since I could probably get there faster. Come ON traffic! It’s been too fucking long to be sitting in traffic all night!
We finally make it and I throw the driver a huge wad of cash and slam the door. 
I bolt into the hotel, as fast as humanly possible, towards our room. Eddie’s waiting outside the door and stops me before I go in. Fuck no.
“She’s sleeping, dude. How’s your arm?” He glares at me, arms crossed, leaning on the door frame.
“I don’t fucking care. The woman I love, the woman that has been missing from my life for the past two months, is on the other side of that door. I’m going in there. Try and stop me...and my arm is fine. Just grazed. Now let me in.” I know I’m growling at him, but she’s in there, and my heart is about to beat out of me chest because I need to see her. Bad. And he’s not letting me. 
“Listen, I’m not trying to stop you. I’m warning you. I pulled the curtains shut when she fell asleep a while ago. It’s dark...don’t fucking wake her up by plowing in there. That girl in there isn’t the woman you remember, Tatum.” His words make me cringe.
“Let me in, Eddie.” Growling, my fists clench, preparing for a knock down right here if he doesn’t let me in the room to see my girl. 
“All I know is that there was major damage done to her. Inside and out. Go on in, see for yourself, but be gentle. Beaten women rarely like to discuss what happened to them. They also don’t want to be touched. Be patient with her.” His eyes narrow and he lets his arms down. He’s taken a liking to her, that much I can tell, and I hate how he just referred to her as being abused. I need to see her. I know he’s being protective of her because he feels she’s a kindred spirit and all, but she’s my girl. I need to be with her. 
I take a breath, calming myself before I go in.
“I’ll be good. I promise. I just need to be with her,” I say, and he steps aside for me to walk through the door.
Too many times in the last few months I’ve been warned before walking into a room to see Molly. Too many times I’ve had to prepare myself for the worst when it comes to her. I’ve steeled myself this time.
 I’m ready. 
I walk in, quietly closing the door behind me so I don’t wake her up. I lock the door from the inside, making sure we won’t be interrupted. Eddie has a key to his room, he’ll be fine. 
Quietly, I take off my shoes and walk to the side of the bed where she’s sleeping. The room’s almost pitch black, being lit by a sliver of light coming through the crack in the curtain. I can’t make out much, but I see her figure under the covers. She seems so tiny; so frail. Her breathing is fast, and she’s starting to stir, so I back up and lean against the wall. It may seem creepy, watching someone sleep, but there’s so much peace inside of me right now I don’t care. Just knowing that we’re in the same room together makes my heart feel a hundred times lighter than it’s become lately. My limbs no longer ache from the loss of her, my head doesn’t hurt anymore from trying to focus on the task at hand. I’ve found her. I owe Eddie my life, but that’s okay. I have all I need right here.
She starts to move around more and more, mumbling something I can’t make out. Suddenly she cries out in her sleep and her body curls into a tight ball. The cries keep coming and I don’t know what to do. Eddie texts me.
Eddie: Don’t wake her. Let her wake herself up. Believe me.
It’s almost disturbing to think that Eddie knows more about her right now than I do, but he’s been through it all. I know the vague facts about his past, but he’s never opened up with details. All I know is that his mom was beaten so much by his father that she took her own life. From then on, he was pretty much raised by his older sister.
Molly cries out again then sits straight up, tears streaming down her face. Son of a bitch what did he do to her? Her eyes frantically scan the room as she wipes her face free of the tears. She keeps saying that she’s safe, repeating it over and over. Then, those eyes I’ve missed so much in the last two months, land on me.
I’ve thought about what would happen when we were eventually reconnected. The excitement, the passion, the love for one another. I didn’t ever think to prepare myself for the look that I see in her eyes right now…
Fear.
Molly
I have to still be sleeping. The man in front of me wants nothing to do with me. He moved on. This man, the man I gave my heart to, gave up on me. Not that I blame him. He knows that I’ve been with Rob and he hates me for it. This has to be a dream. Frantically I try to wake up, but it isn’t working. I close my eyes and tell myself to wake up, but nothing changes.
I open my eyes again to see him standing closer. The look in his eyes is so sincere, so full of love that for a moment I think this is all real, but I know it can’t be. This is the absolute worst dream I’ve ever had. It feels so unbelievably real that I don’t want it to end. I’m scared to death to wake up to the world that I now know. A world without Tatum. A world without the man that I had learned to rely on for everything. I knew it was too good to be true. I tried telling myself that I needed to back off, but I couldn’t. He sucked me in, he made me complete. Then I went and fucked it all up on my own. I don’t even want to think how much I hurt him.
“Molly,” he whispers. His voice is so rough; so emotional. It’s as if he still loves me. 
No. This isn’t real. This is all a dream. A terrible, terrible dream. 
“Please, just go away. I just want to wake up, this isn’t real. This isn’t fair,” I cry to myself, to the man in my imagination that’s taken over all of my thoughts. I pray to wake up, I can’t take this anymore. It’s torture, the hope that this dream is making me have. Hope kept me sane the last two months, but now it’s about to make me loose it.
I feel the bed dip and hear his voice again.
“I’m not going anywhere, baby. This isn’t a dream,” he whispers.
I chance a glance up at him, wiping the tears from my face. Is this real? Have I fallen that far in the last two months to not be able to recognize real life from a dream? Slowly, I reach out and touch his face, but he doesn’t move. His eyes stay locked onto mine. When my hand connects to the stubble I flinch.
“Sorry. It’s been a long two months,” he chuckles lightly as his hand comes to rest on mine. “I’m so fucking happy you are back.” It’s barely a whisper, but he said it. It isn’t my imagination, this isn’t a dream. He’s really here, and he is happy that I am too.
My heart starts waking up, coming out of the frozen hell it had taken residency in. I can’t speak, the tears are rolling now faster than I can wipe them away. If this is real, if I’m not dreaming, then he came for me. But how did he know where I was, and why is he here in Eddie’s room?
“How?” It’s all I’m able to get out through the emotions rolling through me.
“You’re in my hotel room, Molly. Eddie brought you here for me.” His voice hasn’t gotten any louder than a whisper this whole time. I can’t see him very well, but I can make out the emotion in his profile. I hear him sniffle and realize he’s crying, too. This powerful man has been brought to tears. Because of me?
“I don’t understand… Eddie grabbed me from the front yard…there was…” I trail off, trying to recall everything that happened in that short amount of time. It comes back in a rush, and suddenly I remember there was another figure there, someone on my side. Someone else who saved me.
“It was you, wasn’t it? You really did come back for me? Oh God, the gunshot!?” I ask, almost not believing it myself. Why did it take him so long? What would he even want with me now that he knows about Rob and I? How bad was he hurt?!
“I was grazed in the arm. I’m fine, but that’s why it took me a little longer getting back here to you.”
“You really came back for me...” I’m in awe that he didn’t give up. Rob lied to me. Of course he did... he was trying his hardest to break me after all.
He nods his head, breathing a heavy sigh. Tatum reached across the side table and turns the lamp on. He returns his gaze to me and for a moment I sense his hesitation. His hands moved towards my face and I flinch, waiting for the hit that I had gotten so used to, a reflex that I’m incredibly ashamed of, but a reflex all the same. It isn’t him, this isn’t Rob. Tatum would never hit me.
Tatum’s face falls immediately, his hands moves away faster than they came at me. He saw it. He saw me flinch from him. I don’t want to hurt him, damnit why did I have to flinch?
“I’m sorry, Molly. I didn’t think….”
“It’s fine,” I lie. I’m not fine. Flinching from the man that you love is not a good reaction.
“No. It’s not fine. You’ve been through so much these last two months. I don’t know what he did to you, but I shouldn’t have been so forward as to think you wouldn’t be scared.” He sighs heavily and rakes his hands through his hair. “I need a water. I’ll be back. Can I bring you anything?”
I shake my head, trying to hold the tears at bay. He’s disgusted with me. He saw me flinch and once it registered what happened to me, he decided to leave instead of stay with me. Before leaving, he looks at me one last time. I can’t tell if it’s hurt or disgust in his eyes, but I soak it in, thinking that this is probably the last time I’ll see him. Once he closes that door he’ll probably be running towards the nearest exit, getting away from the crazy woman once and for all. He only came back to make sure I was really broken. Well congratulations Rob, you won.

ELEVEN
Tatum
I step out in the hall and lean against the wall, letting a puff of air out. If the bruises on her face weren’t enough of an indicator that he hit her, the flinch sure as shit was. I know nothing about battered women, but it looks like I need to learn. And quick. 
If that didn’t get my blood boiling enough, which believe me, I feel like I’m about to erupt with anger at that asshole, she flinched from me! ME! The man who’s spent the last two months doing nothing but search for her, just made the women of his dreams flinch simply by reaching out gently to touch her. 
Eddie comes down the hall with a cup of something that looks like coffee. One look at me and he shakes his head.
“Here man, you need this more than me,” he says as he hands me the mug. “You talk to her?”
I grunt my response, appreciative for the warm mug of incredibly caffeinated coffee.
“Dude, it may not be my place, but just be careful. I know how much you love her, but she’s not the woman you remember. She has more fucking battle wounds now than before. Inside and out. Remember that, and be patient. But most of all, no matter how much she defies you… make her talk. Somehow, someway, make her empty all of those emotions out. I know all too well what happens when those feelings are bottled up for too long.” He leans against the wall opposite from me, eyes cast down at the floor.
“She flinched from me. It freaked me out so I left the room. I had to get out of there. I don’t want her to be scared of me, but hell, I felt like I was doing something wrong and all I wanted to do was touch her.” 
Eddie’s quiet for a minute. After staring at his shoes silently for what seems like hours, he stands to return to his room and adds the only advice I need to hear.
“Like I said. You need to be patient. Good luck, Tatum. I’ll see you in the morning.” He disappears into his room. The man has few words, but when he chooses to use them they’re powerful as fuck. 
Patience. That shouldn’t be too hard, right?
I feel like I’m treading on very thin ice when it comes to being around her. All my body wants to do is scoop her up and hold her. I want to take all of her pain and make it mine. The woman is the final piece in my puzzle, without her I’m unfinished. I’m incomplete. I need to heal her.
As the door shuts behind me, I notice three things. The lights are all on. There’s no Molly in the bed anymore. And the shower is running. Well shit, if patience is supposed to be something that I’m practicing, then this is one hell of a way to start. For two months, every shower I took reminded me of her. Every shower I would think about reminded me of the times we shared together. Showering together had become a daily habit in our short time together, something that I looked forward to immensely. When she was gone, showers were torture. Now we are alone in a hotel room together after all this time, I know she’s in there, naked, fragile…but I can’t fucking be there with her. I get it. I do, I know I need to give her space, but this fucking sucks!
Deciding to bide my time staring at the TV, I turn on the news and sit on the oversized chair. I’m only half listening when the Delany name grabs my attention fully.
“Robert Delany Jr., son of Robert Delany Sr, went missing today, after reports of a feud between father and son in the Delany offices just mere days ago.  Reports state Mr. Delany was involved in the kidnapping of Molly Ward, 29, of Baden, Illinois. The Delany family has no comment on the current situation. There are no current suspects or leads in this case. We will update you with more information as we receive it.”
Holy shit.
Before I can turn the TV off, the door between our room and Eddie’s room opens. He’s white as a ghost, waiting for me to speak.
“It wasn’t me, Eddie. I didn’t kill him, and I didn’t take him. As much as I wanted to, that fucker was still breathing when I left.”
“Shit. That’s bad. Her name’s out there now. This much publicity is the last thing she needs right now. Fuck!” He slams his fist against the door frame just as the bathroom door opens.
Molly stands there, hair wrapped in one towel and another wrapped around her body. Her eyes are wide with fear as she takes in Eddie’s display. She doesn’t move from the doorway, she doesn’t speak a word. She just stands there, wheels turning, breathing heavy. I take the moment to catalogue everything about her. She’s lost weight; some of the curves I had become so familiar with are gone. Nothing a few good healthy meals won’t fix. There are dark circles under her eyes now, and her skin’s paled a few shades in the last two months. The bruises start on her face and didn’t stop until her shins. I’m sure I’ll find more beneath the towel, but with Eddie here, that’s the last thing I plan on doing. Really, I’m sure it’ll be a very long time until she lets me under that towel. Her hair’s cut short, which I half expected from the clippings we received, but it’s actually very flattering on her. God, even with the hell she’s been through, she’s still the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen.
“Fuck, I’m so sorry, Molly. I don’t know what I was thinking.” Eddie’s eyes are wide and filled with regret.
“You were mad, I get it. I don’t have to like it, but I get it,” she says, trying to sound strong.
“It’s no excuse. I don’t want you to feel like we’re…I’m…a danger to you. That never should have happened. I’m sorry.” He looks at me, then at Molly and shakes his head. “I’ll leave you and Tatum alone now. If you want I can run out and grab you a new set of clothes…”
“Stop Eddie. She’s fine, I have stuff for her.” I get a quizzical look from both of them before Eddie nods and returns to his room. Not before apologizing to her a few more times, though. 
Eddie knows she’s off limits, so the constant apologizing isn’t a way of trying to get to her. He doesn’t do women like Molly. I mean, he does women…and plenty of them…but not the settling down type. He’s a flavor of the day kind of guy. 
Molly smiles sweetly before Eddie returns to his room. 
Now it’s time to remind her that I’m not the bad guy. It’s time to remind her who she fell in love with.
Molly
The TV isn’t loud, but I hear every word of it through the thin bathroom door. He’s gone? I feel like I should be more relieved, but all I feel is…empty. I want so badly to be happy that he’s no longer able to hurt me, but happy isn’t an emotion that I can conjure up right now. Maybe it’s because I’m looking in the mirror and the woman looking back at me isn’t the woman I want to be. This isn’t right. It isn’t fair. He got away so easy. Disappearing is the pussy way out. If I had my way I would kill him slowly, making him suffer. I might still if I ever get my hands on him. God, listen to myself! Who is this woman? The old Molly didn’t think that way. Then again, the old Molly wasn’t covered from head to toe in bruises from a man that kidnapped her. The old Molly would be out there right now, stripping off the towel for the man she loves, showing him just how much she missed him. Not that I don’t want to do that, I just don’t have that confidence anymore.
God I miss Tatum. I want so badly for him to hold me again, to comfort me. I want him back, but I fucking flinched! Maybe I can be the woman I used to be if I try hard enough. Maybe I can have that confidence back that Rob stole from me. I’ll never know if I don’t try, right? All I have to do is walk into the room, wearing only my towel, and if I see the hunger in his eyes that he used to wear every time he looked at me, I’ll know. I’ll know he still wants me. I’ll know he still needs me. I’ll know he’s still mine.
What I didn’t expect when I open the door, though, is Eddie to be right across from me. He’s pissed, too. So pissed, he punches the wall and I’m pretty sure he dents it. As soon as he does it he realizes I’m was there and the look on his face is priceless. I’m broken, but I’m not stupid. He would never hurt a fly. Sure the tattoos and buzzed hair make him look like danger on two legs, but Eddie’s harmless. I almost laughed at him, but I held it in. He would never hit me. I trust him. No, I know Eddie meant nothing by it. It surprised me, sure, but I’m more surprised that I’m not only standing in front of Tatum, covered in bruises in a body that isn’t really mine anymore, but that an almost stranger is seeing the same thing.
After apologizing profusely, Eddie retreats quickly to his room and locks the door behind him. I haven’t moved from the doorway of the bathroom, and I have yet to look at Tatum. I can feel his eyes on me, drinking me in, but I’m too afraid to see the emotion in those eyes. I won’t be able to take it if he’s disgusted with my body. I need him to want me. If I want to move on from the nightmare that was my life for the last two months, I need him to need me. More than anything, though, I need to believe he does.
I hear him stand from the chair he’s sitting in. He walks over to me, stopping a few feet away. When I finally chance a glance at him, I lose my breath. The amount of love in his eyes is evident in the unshed tears welling up under his eyelids. I can tell he’s afraid to touch me, afraid to spook me again, so I do the only thing I know to do. The only thing I’ve wanted to do since the day I was taken. I curl into him, wrapping my arms around his waist, and don’t let go. Words don’t have to be spoken right now. This is it. This is what I need.
His body finally relaxes after he realizes I’m not letting go, and his arms come around me. One hand cradling the back of my head, one hand wrapped around my back, he holds on for dear life. I feel the wetness from his tears land on my shoulder blade and I lose it.
Crying so hard now my body is shaking, I don’t want to let go. This is the reunion I wanted, not a stupid flinch. This is what should have happened when he reached for me earlier. This is real enough to make me believe that we can possibly be together, even after all of the evil in the world descended upon us. He doesn’t let me go and I don’t try to retreat. I have him now; this is us, doing this together. I can get through this if he is here with me.

TWELVE
Tatum
I don’t know how long we stand there. I’ve never felt so emotionally connected to another human being in my life. At one point she cries so hard she hiccups into my shirt, but I never let go. Now that I have her back I never want to let go.
Just moments ago the rage I felt boiling inside was almost to the point of no return. I thought I was going to need to leave the room to calm down after seeing all of the bruises, but then she grabbed onto me. She didn’t shy away, she wasn’t scared of me. The anger melted away and in its place formed a love I never knew possible. Sure, I’m still pissed at the situation, and once I find out where that asshole is hiding I’ll beat him to death myself. Fact is, right now, all I can really think about is her being here with me.
That, and how amazing her body feels pressed against me. It’s been so long since I’ve been able to feel her, to hold her, that I’m having a hard time thinking of doing anything else but laying her out on the bed and enjoying her for the first time in months. Before those thoughts start to stir more parts of my body than my brain, I choose to back away and change the subject. Although I’m more than ready to be with her again, she isn’t ready yet.
“So, I have clothes for you,” I tell her as I inch back, making sure to keep my hands on her. I can’t bring myself to break contact yet.
“I heard that earlier. Why?” She looks at me with eyes that are trying their hardest to hide how much she hurts. How much she doesn’t want to talk, but wants to know everything. Shit. I didn’t think this would turn into a ‘what has Tatum been up to all these weeks’ conversation. I guess it has to happen eventually, though.
I sigh and slide my hand down her arm to her hand. Grabbing her hand gently, I guide her over to the chair so she can sit and listen to the hardest story I’ll ever have to tell her. Hell, I’d go back to the day I told her about my son ten times if it meant not having to explain to her why I didn’t get to her sooner. Had I been more on top of it, I could’ve found her sooner. I could have saved her sooner. Maybe she wouldn’t have been so roughed up had I gotten there sooner, and not a day will go by in my life that I won’t beat myself up over that simple fact. 
I failed her. Now I need her to forgive me.
“Molly, when you went missing, I kind of lost it,” I start. She’s watching me intently, curled up on the sofa chair with a blanket now covering her towel-covered body. Months ago I’d have found it completely normal for her to be in a towel around me, but I can’t help but feel like she’s fighting the urge to hide her body from me with the blanket, which makes me want to kill Robert Delany more. “I threatened anyone who came to the door, I drank more than I should have, and I was not a pleasant person to be around. It took Eddie showing up on our doorstep one night when I was shitfaced to pull me out of it. I wasn’t a good man to you. I should have been looking, but I was so angry I didn’t know the right way to go about finding you.” It’s really fucking hard to admit you were wrong, especially when you’re a Savage. I push on, not letting her talk for fear that I won’t get my story out. “Once I finally got my shit together it had been a week. Sure I’d looked in town, and initially I went out to the wedding site, but no one knew anything. Your phone was on the side of the road and I had no leads.” The more I talk the more tense she gets. I’m not sure if I should keep going, but I do. Things need to be said, apologies need to be made, and I need to her to know I will never fail her again. “My father immediately got involved, pulling every string he could to find you, but it wasn’t enough. Then the boxes started. A shirt, socks, your shoes. Every week I’d get a new piece of clothing from that sick bastard, covered in your blood. He even sent your fucking hair.”
She gasps and her hand came up to her mouth. Her eyes go wide, but she doesn’t make a sound. Shit, I don’t want her to relive this. I don’t want to be the one that makes her remember all of the details. Eddie’s words keep ringing through my mind, though, so I push on. “I started getting tips on places you may be. I traveled to eight different cities, each time I thought I was going to find you. The first seven times I came home without you. Every time I came home to an empty house I lost a little more faith that I’d ever see you again. I didn’t give up, though. Every time I left I had a change of clothes packed for you…just in case. So…that’s why I have clothes for you. I never gave up, Molly. I’m sorry it took me so long. I’m sorry I left you at the wedding in the first place. I’m so sorry.”
She looks at me for a moment, silent tears streaming down her face. I sit across from her, elbows on my knees, supporting myself in the chair. If she doesn’t accept my apology, if she doesn’t understand just how sorry I am, I don’t think I’ll be able to go on. She’s my everything. She makes me complete. Without her I’m just a walking shell of a man.
“You have nothing to be sorry about, Tatum. You didn’t give up. You found me.” She smiles sweetly and my heart starts to beat again. 
She doesn’t blame me.
“I was starting to lose hope. Just two days ago, when I got back from looking for you in Florida, I told Eddie I didn’t think I’d ever find you,” I confess. Her smile falls and she shakes her head.
“I’m not the same person I was, Tatum. I can’t promise you I’ll ever be her again. I don’t know how to do this...” she whispers. Damnit, I see her doubt creeping back in. She wants to believe, I see that. She wants to go back to how things used to be, but I’m not sure she fully can yet. Honestly, I’m not sure how we’re going to get through this now either, but I know that we will. I know that we’re strong enough to make it through anything. I need her to remember that, too.
“We’ll figure it out together. Forever and always, right?” She looks up at me when I repeat the words she said to me just two months ago, but instead of agreeing, she just nods her head silently. One day, Molly Ward. One day I will make you believe again.
Molly
I sit in the chair, digesting what Tatum just told me. My clothes, my blood, my hair. It all makes sense now, why Rob did the things he did when I was locked in the basement. I always wondered why he took my clothes, why he cut my hair. I never thought they could be used as a way to torture Tatum more than he already was. I shudder at the thought. I don’t want to think about those times. I just want to be able to move on. Unfortunately, Eddie’s story keeps replaying in the back of my mind. I don’t want to turn into a walking shell. I don’t want to give up on life. I want to live my life, and I want to live it with Tatum. In order for me to move on, I need to accept what happened to me and keep moving.
I’m just not sure if I’m ready for that yet.
Tatum stands and walks to his suitcase, grabbing my clothes and setting them on the side table without saying anything else, then settles in for the long haul. For about two hours I sit quietly. In a sort of trance, I watch the world outside. The people seem so carefree, but all of them hold some sort of baggage. Everyone has secrets; most people are just really good at hiding them. I’ve learned that lesson a few times in the past six months or so. Some good, like learning I have an ally in the Savage family. Some not so good, like the drama with Brian. I try not to dwell too much on the secrets that got me hurt, though. I’ll never be able to move on if I can’t see the good in life.
It’s that thought that keeps swirling in my head. Sure, I’ve been through a lot in the last few months, but I’ve been sitting here now for two hours dwelling on the bad things. Tatum is here, sitting silently in the room with me, being as patient as he can possibly be. I have a friend in Eddie, a man who would seemingly do anything for his friends. I have an ally with the Savage family, and I have a feeling the Delany family will no longer be bothering me. There is so much good in my life right now, I just need to learn to embrace it. In order to do that, I know what I have to do.
I stand up, take a calming breath, drop the blanket and the towel, and walk to the table to get dressed. I don’t look at him while I’m dressing. I can’t. I know he’s staring. I know he sees the ugly purple bruises across my ribs that were given to me a few days ago. I know he sees the few wounds that are healing on my back from the belt a few weeks ago. I know he sees it all, but I don’t try to stop it. I’m not here to display how banged up I am. I’m here to move past it.
Once I get dressed I turn and face him, finally looking into his eyes. His beautiful eyes that I missed so much in these last two months. Eyes that look so hurt, right now.
“I’m ready to talk,” I tell him, in the strongest voice that I can muster. I’m going to do this, and then I want it done and gone. I want to move on. And I want to do it my way.
I’m a fighter. I can do this.

THIRTEEN
Tatum
The Savage in me, the one who enjoys beating people to a pulp, makes me want to leave this hotel, find the asshole that did this to her, and kill him.
Slowly.
Painfully.
It isn’t just one bruise he inflicted on her, and they aren’t small. Hell, she even has long red, angry, scars on her back. Watching her drop the towel should’ve had me ready to take her and make love to her like I’ve missed these last few months. Instead, it physically hurts to look at her, knowing that she went through so much pain because of me. Because I didn’t find her sooner. I know I shouldn’t think this way, but it sneaks in and then I can’t get rid of it.
When her eyes hit mine, the rawness in that one look melts my heart all over again. It’s like the first time she looked at me in the park. Sure this is totally different in so many ways, but just then, that look, held so much promise. Then she speaks the words I both hate and love. She’s ready. I can tell she is trying her hardest to get back to normal, but it’s so soon. It hasn’t even been 24 hours since I’ve found her, and now she wants to go through everything she lived through the past two months because of me. Because I didn’t find her.
Fuck, I’m not sure if I can do this. 
“You sure, Mol? You don’t need to rush this.” I try to let her put it off, but I’m not sure if it was more for her benefit than mine.
“Positive. Please, Tatum. I need this.” The strength in this woman never ceases to amaze me. I nod silently and she sits on the bed, legs crossed at her ankles, leaning back against the headboard. She’s quiet for a moment, then she pats the spot next to her for me to sit by her.
I’m not sure I can hear this right now. I’m not sure I can do this. How is it that I am a grown ass man, but my girlfriend is stronger than I am even after she’s been through what she has? I don’t know how she isn’t broken after everything she’s been through, but the fact that I’m the pansy in this situation tells me she’s more like her old self than she thinks. The Molly I met was the strongest woman I’d ever encountered, and that’s saying something since I grew up with my mother standing up to my father at least once a day.
I hesitate for a second but finally push forward. If she’s ready to talk, then I need to man up and be ready to listen. She listened to my story, now I need to listen to hers. We’ll get through this together. It’s going to be hard, but it has to be done before she can be my wife. And she will be my wife if I have any say in it.
Molly
He’s sitting on the bed next to me, our legs touching but nothing else. Not yet. I need to steel myself for the long road ahead, and I need to do it by myself. I take a deep breath and start my story.
Leaving nothing out, I start with the time he left the party. Every emotion, every fear, I leave nothing out. His breathing stays even, but I can tell it’s affecting him just as much as it’s affecting me because the more I talk the more stiff his body gets. My hands are shaking the further into the story I get, because I know it just gets worse. It isn’t a story with a happy ending. Not really.
“When we got to the house, he took me downstairs, made me change into his shirt and shorts, and handcuffed me to a water pipe. At least I think that’s what it was. It was dark the entire time I was down there…” I trail off, my mind racing with the unspoken emotions I remember from being down there.
“How long were you down there?” he finally asks, his voice gravely with emotion. The answer to that question is a hard one, because I know it would lead to other questions, like why he chose when he did to bring me upstairs. I choose to ignore it for the moment and move on.
“Every day he would come downstairs wearing nothing but a pair of jeans. Every day he would do things…say things…to try and get me to come upstairs with him. Touch my neck, caress my collarbone, whisper things to me. It was awful. I didn’t ever know what time it was because there were no windows. I lived in a state of darkness for a month. Each time he came down he wore me down, more and more. All I could do was think, and thinking made me think of you, and how much I missed you, and how I never thought I’d see you again. He told me you gave up on me. He told me you moved on.” I have to stop myself and collect my emotions, swallowing the knot in my throat. 
I take a deep breath, steeling myself for the news that I don’t want to have to tell him. News that needs to be said out loud between the two of us if we ever want to move on.
“Molly, I…” he tries talking, but I hold my up, shaking my head.
“No. No talking. I’m not done and if I don’t finish right now I don’t think I ever will. I know you didn’t move on now, but you need to understand how I was feeling at the time. It had been so long, there wasn’t any sign that you were coming from me, and I was being held captive. It messes with your mind, Tatum.”
He shakes his head, taking a deep breath and crossing his good arm behind his head. He’s still tense, but I can tell he’s working his hardest to be relaxed. The next words stop in my throat a few times before I’m actually able to get them out.
“Tatum…. after a month of being tortured and kept in a dark basement… I went up with him. I slept with him. Willingly.” The minute I say the words out loud I want to cry. I look at him and his breathing’s stopped and he’s closed his eyes. “I’m so sorry…”
“Keep talking, Molly. Keep going,” he whispers. “Please, you need to keep talking right now. I need to hear the rest.” He’s begging me to make him move past the fact that I willingly slept with another man. I know if I push the topic right now we’ll never finish this conversation, so I move on as best as possible. My hands are shaking more now. When he notices the slight tremble in my body, he brings his hand down and rests it in mine, looking me straight in the eyes. 
“I love you, Molly Ward. You have to remember that.” 
A tear slips down my cheek and I nod, mustering up and smile. He waits patiently for me to continue, laying his head back on the headboard and closing his eyes. 
“It was after that first time that the beatings started.” I hear his breath whoosh out of him, but still nothing. He’s doing his best to listen to everything I have to say, as much as I can tell he doesn’t want to.
“He walked in the bathroom shortly after the first time. He caught me with the scissors to my wrist.” I stop and let it sink in. I don’t want him to hurt, but he needs to know how hard it was. I don’t want pity, but he needs to understand how much I hated myself after giving into Rob. I didn’t do it without regret, I regret that decision every day of my life since then.
His eyebrows pull in and he turns towards me.
“What are you saying?” he whispers, pain fills his features. 
I don’t want to spell it out for him, I don’t want to relive the weakest moment in my life.
“I didn’t know what was happening with my future, Tatum. I was convinced you weren’t looking for me, I knew what happened to women Rob played with, and I didn’t want to become one of them. I thought it was my only way out. When he found me I hadn’t even broke the skin…he was so mad. Threw me out of the shower and beat me for the first time.” I pause, calming my breathing and letting my heart settle down.
“My God...” he whispers and rakes his hands through his hair.
“That’s when they began. Every day he would have another reason. Every night he’d have his way with me. All because I fucking gave in during a weak moment.”
“Don’t do that. Don’t blame yourself,” he growls. 
 I shake my head at his attempt to make it ok. Everyone always says that, hell I used to say it to people. It’s easier said than done. 
I’ve hit the point where I just want this conversation to be done. Thankfully there isn’t much else to tell.
“When you showed up today, he was moving me to another house. We were going to the car to be moved to a different, more secret location. He told me that you weren’t looking for me, but thinking back, I think he knew you were close and was starting to get freaked that you’d find us.”
“I almost missed you completely…” The realization dawns on him and he gets off the bed and starts to pace the room. Slowly, not too fast, but he keeps moving.
After a few minutes of silently mulling over everything, he stops pacing and shakes his head.
“I’m not leaving. I promise you. I just…need a minute,” he says.
I knew he would. I knew he would be freaked out, even disgusted in me. I knew this was going to happen, that he would walk away when I needed his promise that it was all going to be ok.
Instead of walking out the door, though, he unlocks the adjoining door to Eddie’s room and walks in. He doesn’t fully shut the door when he slips inside, leaving it cracked. Showing me as best as he can that though he needs space to think right now, he really isn’t leaving me.

FOURTEEN
Tatum
I walk into Eddie’s room, making sure to leave the door open so she knows I’m really not leaving her. I saw the look in her eyes when I excused myself so I needed some way to show her I meant what I said. Eddie’s sleeping, and for good reason. It’s almost midnight, but I’m so wired I feel like I could run a mile. I hear him sit up in bed as I sit at the desk chair. The room is dark except for the light coming in from the cracked door.
“Why aren’t you in there with her?” he asks.
I don’t know where to start. I really don’t want to retell everything she told me. She confided in me, trusted me. I can’t break that, and he isn’t asking me to.
“I know what you’re thinking, Tatum. I read people really good. Don’t worry, one day she’ll want to fuck your brains out again. You’re Tatum fucking Savage, the hottest commodity since sliced bread. Give her time.” I can practically hear his eye roll with the sarcasm dripping from his voice.
I chuckle at his attempt to cheer me up, but that isn’t the problem. The problem is that I don’t know how to fix her and its becoming eerily similar to the feeling I got when I had no other options to save my son’s life.
“She’s been through more than I thought. I want to fix her, but I don’t know how. Hell, I don’t know how to fucking process all of this. In the past when my rage over a situation became too much I would either take a job for my dad or leave for a while. I don’t want to do the second option, and the only person I feel like beating to a pulp is MIA.” I sigh, so overwhelmed by all of this.
“You being there for her, to listen to her without judging her…that’s what’s going to help fix her. Think about what you just did for a minute. That woman in there, the one who’s been through hell and back in the last few months, was strong enough to re-open all of her wounds from the last two months not even twenty four hours after being rescued. You, being the dick that you can be, left her alone right after she ripped her heart open to you. Worst part is, you probably didn’t realize what you did to her when you walked out of that room.” He looks at me while I register it all, but he doesn’t give me time to respond. “Don’t give me that shit that you needed time to think. You know what you think. You’ve always known what you think, and I’ve never seen a Savage change his mind once he’s set to something.”
He’s right, I do know what I want, but is what I want too damaged to accept me? She’s been through so much emotionally and physically. Is she even ready, will she ever be ready, to move forward with me? Those are my worries. I’m not worried about what I want; I’m worried about what I may never be able to have.
“Now, asshole, get your fucking ass out of my room. I’m tired, and you have a girl waiting for you.” He grumbles something about a lucky fuck as he reminds me to close the door the whole way this time, then rolls back into bed.
I get up and walk back into the room. The lights are off and I can tell there’s no one in bed. My stomach drops when I realize she isn’t in the bathroom either. She wouldn’t leave, would she? I walk across the room towards the sitting area and that’s when I see her. She’s under the blanket, curled up in a ball on the couch. Why is she sleeping on the couch? She needs to be by me. I don’t want to wake her up and scare her, but I need her in bed by me. I need her there, to feel her warmth. More than anything, though, I knew she’s going to need me. If the memories from these last two months are anywhere near as strong as what happened to her after the situation in Washington, she probably isn’t sleeping well. She needs to be in bed with me, for both of our sakes.
God she’s so beautiful. In the moonlight coming in through the window I see the outline of her features perfectly. Her hair is shorter, but the way it’s curled when it dried is sexy as hell. Even the new shape her body has taken after months of not eating properly is sexy. Just thinking about her this way is starting to make my pants uncomfortably tight. I need to stop, there’s no way in hell she’s ready for that yet. Not after what she’s been through.
Deciding there’s no reason she shouldn’t be in bed with me, I pick her up as carefully as I can. She flinches in her sleep, then rests her head on my shoulder and curls into me. I can’t help but wonder if she did this with Rob, but I stop that thought before it gets too far. I can’t do that, it wasn’t like that and I know it. Thinking like that will get me nowhere good.
When we make it to the bed I don’t take any clothes off. As much as I want her, as much as I need to be against her with no boundaries, this is not the time for it. This is the time for healing. This is the time for trusting. And finally, after two months without her, this is the time for sleeping with the woman I love.
Molly
My eyes fly open and I immediately start to panic that something’s wrong. It takes me a moment to realize that I’m not back at that house; that I’m safe. I’m not where I was when I fell asleep, though, and my body is incredibly warm right now. The room is much lighter due to the sunrise outside and I’m covered with way more than the blanket I went to sleep with. It takes me a few minutes to get my bearings, but once I do I’m no longer afraid.
He has his leg and his arm wrapped around me, like he doesn’t want to let go. His face is turned towards me and as far as I can tell he’s sleeping soundly still. Looking down, both of us still have on every article of clothing from the day before. My heart breaks for the man lying next to me, because I’m so relieved all of my clothes are still on. Rob took away so much from me, and it took me putting it all into perspective last night to realize it wasn’t my fault. 
I told Tatum about the first night between Rob and I but none of the nights thereafter. I didn’t want to have to admit that I let it happen. I didn’t say no, so therefore I believed all this time it was my fault. When he left the room it gave me time to think, though. I never told Rob it was okay to do what he did to me each and every night after our first time. I never made any response to him… I literally just laid there, afraid that if I didn’t do as he asked I would get another beating, or worse. I didn’t say no, but I didn’t say yes either. He made me feel completely useless and disgusting from the first time he fucked me. I’m still fighting those thoughts while in bed with the man I love. This is why I’m extremely happy nothing happened last night between us. As much as I want to be with the man I love, I need trust more than anything. That’s something that was ripped from me the minute I was taken two months ago. Tatum knew exactly what I needed last night. I slept soundly for the first night in months. No nightmares about Evie, no nightmares about the hell I lived in for the past two months…nothing. I don’t even know if I dreamed last night. This is exactly what I needed, and he knew it. God I love this man.
“What ya staring at?” he grumbles. Lord he’s sexy, even half asleep.
“You,” I answer honestly and smile at him. It feels good to smile, I haven’t done it genuinely in such a long time it almost feels foreign.
“Yea?” He grins and rolls onto his back.
“Mm Hmm. How’d you sleep?” I ask, feeling the sexual tension radiating off of him. I know he’s been faithful to me. He never had to say it, but I just know. The look in his eyes last night when he realized I wasn’t the same hurt everything in my body. I hope he can move past it, I really do, but I’ll have to come to terms with it if he can’t. If he can’t move on from it like I’m trying to.
“Amazing. Sorry I moved you, I couldn’t stand not being next to you.” He turns his head and grins at me. Nope, he doesn’t look sorry one bit.
“It’s okay. Thank you…I didn’t think…well…” I don’t want to tell him I thought that he wouldn’t want me in bed with him after everything. I don’t have to say the words; he knows exactly what I can’t say. That I was afraid he decided he couldn’t do it. His hand moves slowly towards my face and rests on my cheek.
“I’m sorry, Molly. I made you think I couldn’t handle everything you told me when I left the room and that’s not it at all. I just… I was afraid you wouldn’t want to be with me…with anyone…after what you went through. I was scared.” The fact that he’s opening up to me about his feelings and not shutting me out gives me hope. Hope that we can work through this together.
“Why would you think that?”
“You’ve been through so much more than any normal person would be able to endure. You’re here today, though, and stronger than ever. I was just afraid, but I’m not anymore. I’m here, Molly. I’m not going anywhere. If I have to wait ten more years for you to be ready I will. It won’t be fun, but I will.”
“Ten years is an awful long time to wait.” I smile at him, nudging him a bit. I love him so much right now I could burst. I never thought I’d have this again. In all of my haze, I had completely given up that he was searching for me. I gave up on life, really. I’m back, though. I’m ready to move on.
“You’re worth every second of my life, Molly. Everything,” he whispers. Staring into his beautiful eyes, my heart starts to warm as well as other parts of my body. Leaning in towards him, very slowly, I push my lips against his gently.
FIFTEEN
Tatum
Her lips feel goddamned blissful against mine. It takes every ounce of self-control I have not to grab her and kiss her like I’ve wanted to for the last two months. Instead, I move my hand slowly down her arm and rest it on her hip, earning a small moan from her lips. Her body still responds perfectly to my touch, but I can tell it’s a very controlled response. She isn’t letting go, not yet. If this kiss is the only thing I get for a while, I’m okay with that. I’ll wait until she’s ready for more. She’s worth it.
When she eventually breaks the kiss, she pulls back and looks at me. At first her expression looks confused, then she breaks into a massive grin. Her eyes are finally coming back to life. There’s my girl.
“Thank you,” she says quietly.
“I love you, Molly.” It’s the only logical response I have for her. I love her. I’d do anything for her. She smiles, her green eyes brighter than they’ve been since I found her.
“I love you too, Tatum. Forever and Always.” I closed my eyes and take a deep breath to stop the tears that threaten to fall from her earth shattering words. My world is complete again.
***
We spend the better part of the morning lying in bed. Our hands intertwined, playing with one-another’s fingers, talking about everything. She brought up the newscast from last night, telling me she heard about Rob. I have nothing to tell her, though. I promise her it isn’t me that took him, and that I don’t know where he is, but I can’t give her anything else. She seems a little put off that he’s still out there, but I assure her she’s not in any danger. God, I pray I’m right.
I missed her so much, that wasting a day in bed just talking doesn’t feel like a waste at all. She told me her first night back that she isn’t the old Molly, but I see glimpses of her every now and then. Like that smile this morning, I was able to bring her out of her shell.  Eddie knocks on the door a little before lunch and asks if we want anything. Molly sits up immediately and smiles.
“Oh my god I’m starving!” she squeals. “I get to pick?!” 
Even though I should be upset that she’s not even used to choosing her own food, I can’t help but laugh at her, she’s so damn cute and doesn’t even know it.
“Ha-ha,” Eddie can’t help but laugh either. This woman’s strength and determination to return to normal is so beautiful. “UH…sure. What’re you feeling like?” He gives me a look that tells me I’m gonna owe him big once she starts rattling off her order and all I can do is smile. 
I owe this man my life.
She orders a shit ton of food for both of us. This woman’s never been afraid to eat in front of a man.
“Geeze, you think you are gonna eat all that babe?” I laugh after Eddie leaves.
“I haven’t had a complete meal in two months. I could eat a horse I’m so hungry,” she says.  I laugh, trying to lighten the mood that comment wants to wrap around me. It’s so miserable to think about what she went through that I try not to, but every now and then I’ve noticed those comments come out of her. I don’t want to discourage her from talking about it, though, so I’m learning to just let it roll off my shoulders.
She ends up eating the majority of what Eddie brings back for us, surprisingly. I’m no longer worried I’ll never see her curves again, as she puts down more food than Eddie and I combined. Thank God. I love her however I can have her, but her curves were one of my favorite parts about her.
My phone rings shortly after lunch and I notice a Texas area code. I quiet Eddie and Molly and answer, knowing who is on the other end.
“Tatum, this is your father.”  
“Did you get a new number?”
“I did for now. There’s been a lot happening. I want to make sure you’re safe.” What the hell?
“Yea dad, we are. I actually have Molly right now.”
“I know. I need to tell you something. Who else is there?”
“It’s just Molly, Eddie, and I.”
“Put me on speakerphone.” I do as he asks, placing the phone in the coffee table.  Everyone says hi to him, thanking him for the help the last two months. My father speaks with Molly for a brief moment. Then the line falls silent.
“What I have to tell you all will never be spoke of again, understood? No questions, either. This needs to be a quick phone call,” his domineering voice comes through the line. The one that he uses on his enemies. It’s spine chilling hearing the change in my father’s mood so suddenly. We all agree and he continues on with his story, not wasting any time getting to the point.
“I have Robert Delany. I was there yesterday. I went in to kill him…to get him out of your lives. Son, I’ve failed you so many times. I’m so sorry. It didn’t go as planned, but he’s here now. In the warehouse.” 
Well fuck me. He did it.
I knew that my father had men following us but I didn’t know he was here! Holy shit.
Looking over to Eddie, he’s fucking smiling and shaking his head. He doesn’t say anything, though. What’s there to say?
Molly, however, is frozen in place. Her jaw is dropped and her eyes cast down towards the table.
“What’re you going to do with him?” Her voice is shaking and I see her hands are starting to do that same so I reach over and take them in mine, locking eyes with her. My father sighs.
“That’s up to you and Tatum.” He pauses. He’s leaving it up to us? “Molly. I did it for you…and Tatum. He deserves to be able to love someone for the rest of his life, and you deserve his love my dear. The only way you two will ever have closure is by doing this together… whatever ‘this’ may be.”
“I…..” She looks at me and smiles. “Thank you Mr. Savage. I owe you my life.”
“Nonsense. Now I need to run. I’ll be in contact soon.” He hangs up promptly, leaving the three of us stunned.
I look at Eddie, still smiling, and then I turned towards Molly. She’s beaming at me, so fucking gorgeous it’s hard to contain myself.
“Dude, your dad fucking rocks,” Eddie says, almost laughing. “I’m grabbing my shit, then we’re getting out of here. Get your stuff and meet me out front.”  He gets up and heads to his room, leaving the two of us together and alone.
I watch Molly bite her lip and I know what she’s thinking. 
“We’re not killing him, Molly. That’s not who we are.”
Her head moves and she looks at me, eyes glistening. 
“You know…ever since the day he took me, I prayed that he would die. I thought I wanted the worst, harshest, most torturous death for him. Now though? Now that I could have that? I just want to be free.” She’s shaking her head and lets a tear roll down her cheek. “I can’t make this decision, Tatum. I can’t kill someone, but I can’t let him go either.”
“Leave it to me, babe. I’ll take care of him.” 
I’m not sure how, but I know of a few ways to make sure he’ll never bother her again.
“You know, Tatum, I think I may just keep you,” she says, standing. Her arms go around me and she gives me a deep kiss, full of every emotion I’ve been missing the last few months before moving on to pack up her few items.
This woman blows me away. Every time she opens her mouth something amazing comes out of it. I shake my head, laugh it off, and grab my things to throw back in my suitcase, happy that this is the final time I have to come home from a trip to find my Molly.
Now we head home, together, to begin a new chapter in our lives.
Molly
Tatum has all of my ID’s and paperwork ready at the airport, something I hadn’t even thought about. He’s on top of everything and it really blows me away. I can’t even imagine what he went through the last two months, constantly traveling, thinking he was going to find me in each city he traveled to, only to be let down and have to come home alone.
Alone. I never want to be alone again. I never want to feel the type of loneliness that I felt at that house. If I could, I’d stick by Tatum’s side all day every day. Before all of this happened, I thought that I wanted to keep my independence, not have to rely on anyone else. After being through what I have, though, I realize that it’s okay to have someone you rely on as long as you don’t lose yourself in the process.
As we sit on the plane heading back home, I glance at Tatum. His hand is wrapped around mine and his thumb rubbing my hand slightly. He’s watching his movements, deep in thought about something. I know he’s still unsure of how he should approach me, but I’m more than ready to be with him again. I’m not afraid of him, and I’m not afraid to be with him. We got past the biggest hurdle that we needed to last night.
I’m hoping for this next hurdle to be a lot more fun. As long as I can keep my cool.
Finally, walking into the house, my home, I notice how immaculate everything is. A man like Tatum has a lot of good qualities, but cleaning house this thoroughly isn’t one of them. I turn to look at him and he’s smiling at me. I cock my head silently and raise an eyebrow.
“Fine. Betty cleaned it for us. What, you don’t think I could do this good of a job?” he tries to act injured, but it’s all a joke. He knows, just as much as anyone that’s lived with him, how messy he is. It’s funny, for someone that comes from so much money he sure lives like he’s never had a dime to his name.
I laugh and head upstairs. Not stopping in the bedroom, not heading to my office to check emails that I’m sure have piled up. I go straight to the bathroom and start slowly taking off my clothes. I need a shower more than anything. I need to wash off the last few months, and I need Tatum to help me. I hear him approach behind me and turn to look over my shoulder as my shorts fall to the floor.
“What’re you doing, Mol?” he asks, tense, standing in the hallway looking at me like he could devour me.
“I need to shower…. I need to get clean.” Without taking my eyes off him I continue taking off my layers. He walks slowly towards me, every layer I take off he gets about a foot closer.
When he’s just inches away from me, so close I can feel his breath on me, the only thing between us is his clothes. His breath is coming in heavy. He rests his forehead on mine and closes his eyes.
“Are you sure about this, Molly?” he whispers, his hands cupping my face.
“Absolutely.”
“Once I start, I won’t be able to stop. I’ll be gentle, I’ll go as slow as you need…but once this starts it’s not going to stop until we’ve both had enough. It’s been too damn long.” 
“I promise you, I’m ready. I need this. I need you. I need us,” I whisper, then kiss him, slowly starting helping him out of the layers that are still between us.
He turns on the shower and steps in, helping me in after him. Washing my hair first, then the rest of my body, he covers every area. I know what he’s doing because it’s exactly what I need. He’s washing away everything from the last two months. Every time he touches me only makes me need him more. Only a few times I had to chase away the thought of Rob’s hands on me, but Tatum doesn’t need to know that. This is easier than I thought, and I’m getting more and more courageous as time goes on.
When it’s my turn to wash him, I take my time. His body’s changed in the last few months too, but he’s still the most beautiful man that I’ve ever laid eyes on. He’s still hard in all the right places, still ready for me just by a single touch. I close my eyes, memorizing everything just by touch.
We stay in the shower, memorizing everything about each other’s bodies, until the water runs cold. 
“Do you want to head to the bedroom?” he asks, his voice held so much hope I can’t help but smile.
“Yes.”  

SIXTEEN
Tatum
Patience. Patience. Patience. The term keeps replaying in my head as I wash every inch of her perfect body.
Fuck, this is hard!
Tempting as taking her right here in the shower is, I need this time to be better than a quick fuck. We both need to take our time with this.
I lead her to the bedroom, her entire body pulsing with need. I’ve never seen her so ready yet so apprehensive. I need to go gentle with her…at least this first time. And I hope to God that we have more than just a first time tonight.
Before she sits on the bed, she drops the towel on the floor. Christ she’s breathtaking. The room is dark, the hallway light shining in enough to make it bright enough to see, but not bright enough to make out all of the bruises on her body. Her curves still present but not as defined, she looks at me and I almost melt to a damn puddle on the floor. That saying my brother taught me, not to let a woman see how much you’re affected by her? I’m throwing that shit out the window. That’s bullshit. This woman deserves to know how much I worship her every damn day and every damn night, and it starts now.
I kiss her, harder than we’ve kissed since I got her back, and pray that she doesn’t pull back or flinch. Instead of hesitating, she takes that as an invitation to wrap her arms and legs around me, and I grab her ass to hold her up. Holy shit she feels so fucking good pressed up against me. I barely register the pain in my arm from my stiches, but I don’t fucking care.
I lay her on the bed and stare for a moment at this beautiful, wonderful, strong woman that’s all mine.
“You don’t know how beautiful you are do you?”
Her eyebrows crease. “It’s ok... you don’t have to say those things. I know how I look right now.”
“No, don’t you dare do that. You are fucking beautiful…inside and out. Whatever thoughts you have going on up there in that head of yours, forget them. Let me make you forget them.”
Crawling on the bed I start with her feet and kiss my way up her legs. Purposely skipping my favorite part, I move to her hands and do the same. Then I kiss her mouth, tasting her, before moving down her body to the spot I want most.
She has goose bumps from the nibbles, and when I reach my goal, she tugs at my good arm and pushes her knees together. 
No.
“I’m sorry…not that. Not tonight,” she whispers as the tears threaten. 
Fuck.
“Tell me what to do, baby. I don’t want to fuck this up,” I beg. The last thing I want to do is freak her out.
“I want you inside of me, Tatum. I need you to be,” she tells me, and without any hesitation I crawl back up to her as she wraps her legs around me. Those are the only words I need to hear.
“I love you, Molly,” I whisper, right before I slide into her. Shit she feels so fucking good. I don’t ever want to leave this place of bliss, but the urge I have to continue the friction wins as I slowly begin my retreat. Her eyes are locked on mine and I couldn’t look away if I wanted. I know she’s chasing the demons away, but at the same time she’s truly enjoying this re-uniting of our souls. The sounds she’s making are enough to make me finish before this truly begins.
“Faster, please Tatum,” she begs, breathlessly. Those three words send me over the edge. 
Slamming into her, praying to God I’m not doing more hurt that good, I find a rhythm that has her screaming from pleasure in minutes. Feeling her tighten around me, feeling the pulsing of her around me, sets me into the best orgasm I think I’ve ever had. 
Shit I’ve missed this.
Molly
This.
This is exactly what I need from him. I’ve never felt so connected to another human being as I do right now with Tatum. The fact that the entire time I never even thought about the last two months gives me so much hope for our future that I’m crying before I even knew what’s happening.
“Oh God, oh no no no...” Tatum starts getting frantic, but I can’t turn the waterworks off.
Instead, mid tears and mid meltdown, I start laughing. No worries, just a crazy lady here who can’t decide if she wants to laugh or cry! He stops and looks at me like I have two heads.
“Are you okay?” he asks. I’m able to calm myself enough to answer, but not without taking a few deep breaths.
“Am I okay?” I whisper, smiling. “I’m perfect,” I say. 
“So I didn’t hurt you?” He looks so worried right now. 
“Never,” I say, and we kiss again. This time, though, the kiss doesn’t break for a long time. I could get used to this for the rest of my life.
***
The next morning, when I wake up, Tatum is nowhere to be found. There’s a note on the counter from him that he had to run to the store for breakfast items and he’s made coffee already for me. These little gestures are reminders of how much he cares for me and I couldn’t feel luckier.
Waiting for him to get home, I pull out my laptop and start checking e-mails. If I’m lucky, I’ll be able to keep the business afloat even with the last two months pay missing, but it will be tight. Of course I have an e-mail from my mom, but it seems like everything was ok on her end. Did she not know what happened? I then check my work e-mail to find that nothing is out of place. There are no hate e-mails about missing shoots or prints not being delivered, there’s nothing. What? That’s not right, I had a wedding and a ton of family shoots lined up for the last two months. Hopping over to my bank’s page, I check my account and sure enough, the payments that were scheduled to be made by those clients were made in full and then some.
What the hell?
I hear the door close and Tatum walks in the kitchen with arms full of groceries. I laugh as he tries to set everything down on the table but half of it ends up falling.
“Holy cow that’s a ton of food! We can’t have needed all that!” I laugh as he starts putting everything away. His steps pause when I say it and immediately notice why. The fridge is empty, there was nothing in the pantry and the only thing on the counter is a banana. “Shit, I’m sorry Tatum. I didn’t think…”
“It’s fine. Cooking was difficult while you were gone, I just didn’t have it in me. But now that you’re back I plan on spoiling you with the one dish I know how to make.” He grins. 
“So spaghetti every night?” I ask, smiling.
“You know it!” He holds up a box of noodles and laughs. “I can make toast too.” He shrugs and I can’t help but laugh at him. 
 It’s amazing how good two people can be for each other, and it’s even more amazing that I’ve found the man I want to spend the rest of my life with and he’s staying with me after everything I’ve been through.
“Hey babe?” I decide to ask about the money.
“Yea?” He keeps back and forth from the table to the cabinets, putting everything away as fast as he can so he can make me breakfast.
“Would you happen to know how my photography business seems to be running smoothly, even though I’ve been missing from the shoots for the past two months?” 
That gets him to slow down.
“Oh yea?” he asks, the can of soup he’s holding has suddenly become very interesting.
“Yup. I just signed on, expecting a slew of angry emails and empty bank accounts. Instead, I have one e-mail from my mother who I don’t think knows anything about what happened, no other e-mails, and very, very happy bank account.”
He sighs, defeated, and sat at the table next to me.
“Fine, you caught me. I’ve been keeping up with the business as much as I could, anything I couldn’t handle the assistant helped out with. Oh, I hired you a new assistant. I’d rather be the boyfriend anyway. And your mom....well they didn’t know. Not until this morning at least.” He smiles and I’m so stunned by this I’m not sure how to react.
“You did the shoots?”
“What, am I not good enough?!” He feigns hurt, laughing at my reaction to him. “Molly, the man I hired as your new assistant actually is a huge success with the clients. He’s fantastic, you’re going to love him. Trust me.”
“I don’t know what to say. Um...thank you?” I’m so confused by it all.
“Don’t thank me. I know how much you love that studio. When you lost the Delany gig I knew you’d be taking a huge hit financially so I threw myself into it when I wasn’t on the hunt for you. I didn’t sleep much at all when you were gone so it was a good way to help keep my mind occupied.”
Shit the Delany job. They didn’t pay me a dime. My soaring mood is kicked down a few notches. I was really betting on getting the land next to my studio, I had my heart set on it. Now I’ll just have to pray no one else buys it up before I’m able to scrounge up the money needed to buy and renovate it to my liking.
“Well thank you, I appreciate it. Would you mind if we went in today? I kind of miss it.”
“Absolutely, babe,” he smiles, pressing his lips to mine, then gets to work fixing me breakfast
I’m one lucky girl.

SEVENTEEN
Tatum
“So what do you plan on doing with Delany?” Eddie’s voice booms through the Bluetooth of Molly’s car as I drive to the grocery store.
He called this morning to tell me the entire town back home is buzzing. Someone knows what’s going on, but if my father finds out who that is, they won’t be a problem for too much longer. 
“I need to see him. Face to face. I need you to make that happen, man,” I sigh, rubbing my face with my hands. 
“Can do. Texas or Illinois corn fields?” he asks, laughing. Apparently the fact that I now live in Southern Illinois is funny to him. If I have it my way, though, we’ll be back in Texas in no time. 
“Somewhere else. My father has a warehouse in Kansas. Have him moved there, make him wait a few days. Only feed the asshole a piece of bread a day for a week, then I’ll be there.” I growl into the phone. 
Robert Delany is about to get a taste of his own medicine. 
***
Later that day we go up to the studio so Molly can meet her new assistant. To say she’s shocked to see who it is is an understatement.
“Oh my GOD Trey?! What are you doing here?!” She squeals when he walks up front after hearing the door open.
“Hey sweet! So good to see you. My Lord you have gotten bony, girl. Did Tatum not tell you about our arrangement!?” He looks at me and I smile and shake my head.
“Wanted it to be a surprise,” I laugh as she playfully hits me in the arm.
“What the hell? How did all of this happen?” she asks.
I then explained to her how Trey had stopped me in the hospital and told me to take care of her. I could feel the connection that the two of them made, so when she went missing I contacted him to help out. Offered him a shit ton of money to come work here and as it turns out he’s a damn good photographer.
“So Trey’s pretty much been keeping this business afloat since you’ve been gone. I’ve just been the puppeteer. He’s put in most of the man hours,” I say as she laughs again and hugs me tight.
“Thank you, Tatum. This means more to me than you know.” Her eyes are bright with emotion. I’d do anything to have them like that every day.
Knowing I have hired guards outside both of the studio exits, I leave Molly and Trey to start learning how to work together. I have a plan to bring to life, hopefully sooner than later.
Later that evening I’m finishing up dinner when Molly walks into the kitchen. She hugs me as I’m putting the noodles on, then again thanks me for what I did for her studio.
“Stop, you would’ve done the same for me. Now go put your things down, I’m almost done.” I have to stop myself from slapping her ass as she walks away. One day I’ll be comfortable with that, but not tonight. It’s still too soon.
She heads into the office and my thoughts drifted to the house. We really need to get that office cleaned out and finish putting all of the boxes away. I left everything sit while she was missing. I couldn’t stand doing something so meaningless when I could have been looking for her.
“Hey babe!” I yell down the hall. “We really need to clean that office. Want to start after dinner?”
“Sure, that’s fine! Now finish up…I’m starving!”
A woman who loves food. How did I get so lucky?
Molly
After an insanely delicious dinner it’s time to finally tackle the rest of the boxes left over from Tatum’s move here. We divide and conquer and within a few hours we’re already making progress. The final box in my assigned room is the box from my parent’s house. I really have no use for any of it, but something tells me to look through it, just in case. On top is a picture book of my wedding day. TRASH! Under that are the sonograms from Alice. Though they bring back memories in my life I’d rather not remember, these are a keeper. Definitely. Underneath everything is the unmarked envelope I received shortly after the threats came. The envelope I was too afraid to open. The one I left sitting on the counter, unaware that my parents kept it this whole time. I guess since I never told them about the threats they wouldn’t think twice about saving this. 
I sit next to the box, Tatum’s in the room but completely unaware of what’s going on over here as I start to open the letter. Everything else around me fades away as I read the letter that would have changed everything had I opened it five years ago.

Molly,
I hope you’re doing ok. I am sorry that you were hurt, and I’m sorry that your husband was lying to you. Know that I am hurting right along with you. I couldn’t wait to hold that tiny baby and treat her like the sister I never had. But now she’s the sister I will never have. Understand that even though I’m only 18, I know a lot more than one would think. My whole life I’ve been observing the behavior of the men my father would bring home for supper, the friends he played cards with. When I was younger I was naive, but now that I know the truth, I feel less bad about what I’ve done.
These men killed my father. The ones that used to come to our house for my mother’s homemade soup? The ones that used to swing me on our front porch? They killed him because he was trying to help you. I hope you’re not upset with what I did, and I hope one day our paths cross again. I love you like my own mother (just younger and cooler).
Love,
Evelyn

My hands are shaking and I don’t realize I’m crying until I hear Tatum’s voice.
“What’s wrong, what is that?” he asks as he takes the letter and reads it. “Wow. It really was her.”
 I nod, wondering what she meant about me not being upset. Why would I be upset with her?
I take the envelope and reach in, feeling a smaller, thicker envelope inside and bringing it out to the light. My stomach drops when I realize what’s inside. All of the cash that Brian stole is currently sitting in my hands. 
It was all Evie all along.
“Holy shit what is that?” Tatum asks, sitting next to me.
“It’s the money Brian stole…I don’t...oh my God she did know where it was….” Fuck, this is the money! This is a lot of fucking money! “Oh my God Tatum do you know what this means?” He raised his eyebrows, smiling from ear to ear.
“I can finally buy my outdoor studio!!” I laugh, we hug, I cry some more. Then I send a silent thank you up to Evie.
“Does this mean it was sitting at your parent’s house all along?” he asks when I finally calm down.
“Yea, I guess it does,” I say, scrunching my eyebrows together.
“Didn’t my dad tell you a while back that you needed to call your parents?” Holy shit he did.
“Do you think he knew?!” This is too weird.
“I wouldn’t put it past him. That man has a soft spot for you and a way of getting information out of people.” He laughs then pulls me in for another kiss. One that leads to a night full of fun, right there on our office rug.

EIGHTEEN
Molly
Early the next morning there’s a knock at the door. I grumble and roll over, wishing away anyone that dares interrupt the warmth and snuggles I’ve been receiving all night. Tatum laughs and gets up to answer it, pulling on pants and a shirt on the way. I lay in bed, reveling in the feeling of being home with him again. Things are looking up for us. 
Moments later, Tatum’s face peeks in the bedroom. 
“Hey babe. Uh…our parents are here,” he says, a slight grin on his face. “You may wanna put some clothes on before coming down,” he laughs as I groan and roll out of bed. 
What’re they doing here? Both of our parents? As in, there are four adults at our door right now? Shit! Looking in the mirror, I make a mental note that today needs to be haircut day. Rob sucks at a lot of things, haircuts being one of them. Tossing the short waves and washing my face, I slip on a sundress and walk downstairs to meet his parents. His father I’ve met plenty of times before, but I’ve never met his mother. 
“Molly, dear, thank goodness you’re home.” Al is the first to come over and hug me, not holding back like most people would have had they known what I lived through. It doesn’t bother me, though. The first time I met this man in person I was banged up terribly. The second time I am meeting this man in person I am bruised and beaten from head to toe. He’s seen me at my worst. 
“Yes. Thank you Mr. Savage.” 
He laughs at my formalness.
“Please, call me Al. Molly, this lovely woman right here is Tatum’s mother. Alice Savage.” My breath hitches and eyes go wide. I glance back at Tatum who’s grinning sheepishly.
“Alice?” I ask him in a whisper that I’m sure everyone hears.
“Yeaaa...” he raises his eyebrows in defeat, smiles, and shrugs his shoulders. He didn’t ever tell me his mother’s name, and now I know why. I hear my mom’s tiny gasp as I introduce myself to Tatum’s mother.
“Nice to meet you, Alice. Sorry for the weirdness. I’m sure you know about my past and my connection to your name by now. Your son never mentioned that to me, though, so I was a little shocked. I’m incredibly happy to have you here and to finally meet you.” She’s shorter than me, white hair falls straight to her shoulders, and her grey eyes smile at me.
“I’m so happy you are okay, my dear. You don’t know what you mean to my son, do you?” I smile and raise my eyebrows back at him.
“I think I’m starting to understand,” I say and he laughs, bringing me to his side and kissing the top of my head.
I look at my parents next, my dad brooding in the background, my mom tearing up next to him.
“Hey guys,” I offer a smile and am met by a burst of tears and hugs by my mother. I don’t want to be fussed over, I don’t want to be touched this much yet, but I’m not going to make her stop so I stand there, stiff as a board, until Tatum gently reminds her not to smother me.
My father glares at Tatum and I know why. Tatum never told them I had gone missing. I’m sure it was one hell of a shock when they found out, however they did. Either way, they’re here. Maybe we can start healing things between us now.
Tatum
When we found Molly, I thought it might be nice to finally let her parents know what had been happening. I didn’t give them details, but they did know that she had been missing for a while and with the help of my father, she was found safe.
Let me tell ya, I’ve made my fair share of mistakes in my life, but that was probably the worst. Looking back, not telling them she went missing when she did was terrible of me to do. Parents, no matter how far removed from their child’s life, want to know that their child is safe. In this case I didn’t think anything of it because they didn’t seem to care for five years, what would make them change their mind now? Apparently I was wrong, and boy did her dad let me have it.
***
“She what!?” his voice booms into the phone.
“Well, she was missing. For two months. I didn’t tell you because you didn’t need to worry about it. She’s fine, we found her yesterday. No need to worry.”
“The hell I won’t worry! This girl was fine until you stepped into her life! Now, in the last few months she’s been beaten close to death, kidnapped, God knows what was done to her when she was gone, and you didn’t think her PARENTS needed to know?!”
I feel like a child, and I should. It was a dick move not letting her parents in, but I was in a bad place.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t know what to do with myself, I didn’t know the choices I was making were the wrong ones until after they were made. If you want, we’ll be home soon. I can have my dad fly out to pick you and your wife up so you can come see for yourself that she’s okay.”
It’s the least that I could do. I just hope that when he sees me he doesn’t attack me. I could probably beat his ass with my eyes closed, but he’s Molly’s father. Even if he did attack me I wouldn’t retaliate.  I couldn’t do that to her.
***
So here we sit. All six of us in this tiny house. It’s cozy, but when we get married we’ll be building something a bit bigger. I have my eye on some land a few miles out of town that would be great to raise a family, have room to spread out. I’m a Texas boy at heart, and land is a must-have for my future home.
I bring in the tray of drinks for everyone, my hand shaking as I hand her father his drink. He hasn’t said much to me since he’s been here, just sent those ever-famous Ward-family death-daggers my way. 
Well now I know where she gets that look from.
My dad clears his throat to talk, but Molly’s mom speaks up first.
“Tatum, thank you for having us here today. Al, Alice, thank you for making it possible for us to get here,” she starts, her eyes as green as her daughters start filling with tears. She reaches into her bag and pulls out a pile of what looks to be letters. She clears her throat, takes a breath, and goes on. 
Jesus Christ will this ever end? The insane amount of secrecy in this family is mind blowing. Any normal person would’ve run away screaming by now, leaving their lying family in the dust. Not Molly, though. She’s ready to fight. I can feel it in the tense way that she’s sitting on the couch. Shit, I’m either about to witness the best family make-up ever, or the explosion of the century.
Her mom seems more upset that she has to tell the story, rather than being upset that she lied to her daughter all of these years. If I were her, I’d be more worried about the fact that she lied. Obviously her parents have never conjured the wrath of Molly.
Molly
In the last ten years I can count the amount of times I’ve seen my parents on one hand, and still have fingers left over. Seeing them today, standing in my living room for the first time ever, I see them in a whole new light. Maybe it’s just my new outlook on life, but they look more fragile than I remember. Granted, I was an eighteen year old girl who obviously knew more than her parents at the time, but they’ve always seemed so strong and strict. Standing here now, though, they look like one wrong word from me would break them.
My mom just apologized to me. Mark that one for the history books. I’m still a little bitter about how everything went down between us so I’m trying my hardest to be nice to them. I have a terrible feeling I’m going to say something nasty to them without even realizing it.
That is, until I see the pile of envelopes that my mother pulls out of her bag. What the hell? She hands them to me and I notice the handwriting on the top immediately.
Evie.
My heartbeat quickens as she attempts to explain everything. Tatum notices my nerves growing and wraps his arm around me. Funny, I don’t want to be touched by people, but his is the only touch that can calm me.
“Molly,” my mom starts “I never meant to keep any of this from you. It all snowballed so fast, and I didn’t know what to do. Evelyn came to me when her father died, telling me everything she knew. She knew that Brian was in on the deal, she knew that her father was trying to help you, save you, and the baby. She even knew where the money was from overhearing a conversation in her living room between Brian and her dad. When they killed her father, she didn’t know where else she could go so she came to me. No one would ever suspect it.”
“Wait, she was just eighteen at the time mom. There are a lot of fucking letters here for her only contacting you once when she was eighteen.” She gasps at my language but I’m not apologizing. This is bullshit.
“Baby-“
“Don’t call me that. Don’t you dare call me that. Why are there so many letters here?” I can feel my heartbeat rising, anger swelling up inside me. I thought this chapter of my life was closed, I thought the lies had all come out and I could move on. She sighs, wringing her hands together. “ANSWER ME!” I yell, making Tatum’s grasp on me tighten. I can tell he’s holding in whatever he wants to say to me as he presses his lips on the top of my head.
“She stored the money at our house in the attic. No one would suspect us. She was there when you were in the hospital. When you left, she followed you. She felt so guilty because she believed, until the day she died, that she could’ve stopped them from killing your child.  The letters start when she found you, all alone and incredibly depressed. Honey, you didn’t contact us for five years. Evelyn was our only way to know how you were doing. Sure we were angry with you when you married Brian, but we still loved you. We still do love you. I hope one day you can forgive us. I hope these letters bring some closure to this awful situation.” She starts crying and my dad, who up until now has been glaring either at Tatum or the floor, wraps his arms around her and lets her cry it out.
I’m speechless. Evie followed me because she felt guilty? Thinking back to when I told her of what happened to me, she cried as hard as I did. Now I know it was because it was so personal to her, so close to home. One day I’ll read these letters. One day, not today.
“Molly, if I can speak up. I know this is a hard time, and you’re having a lot thrown at you, but I think Tatum needs to see this…” he pulls an envelope out of his pocket and hands it to Tatum. Tatum doesn’t open it. He stares at it, then back at his father. “When the situation with the Delany family arose,” he continues, “I freaked out. I’m known to be a very stern man, not showing much emotion in even the most dangerous of situations, but my children have always come first. I failed two of my three kids” he shakes his head and his wife grabs his hand for support. “I wasn’t about to fail my only living child. I took it as a personal attack when you were kidnapped, Molly. I know how much my son adores you, and it ruined him when you were taken. As you all know, the Delany family isn’t too fond of the Savage family. As soon as you were taken I put everything I had into finding you. Tatum, you traveled to seven different cities, all following dead ends. I traveled to over twenty other cities, doing the same thing. I fired so many incompetent men in the last two months it isn’t funny.” He pauses and looks right at me. One of the most deadly men in the country is staring at me, and all I want to do is run over and hug the sadness out of him. “I’m so sorry. Both of you, neither of you deserved this. Hell, if Rob wanted revenge, it should have been on me. I was driving the car the hit her!” he shakes his head before going on “I got to the house too late. Rob was already back inside, icing his wounds. The only way to get inside was the upstairs window.”
I don’t want to relive this. I know what window he was talking about, I opened it right before I left. I close my eyes, wishing for this to be over. I’d rather not have to relive anything from that house, and I now know what he handed his son just moments ago. 
Shit.
“Tatum, I found that letter for you inside that room. Molly, if I ever was unsure of how you felt for my son, this note ended all uncertainty. This is why I did…what I did,” he says, glancing over at my parents.
Tatum opens the note with shaking hands. The room falls silent as he reads, everyone waiting for his response to the most depressing thing I’ve ever had to do.
When I wrote that note, I was convinced that he had moved on and wasn’t searching for me anymore. It was my way of moving on. Had I not been rescued that day, I don’t think I would have lasted much longer. My life was becoming more and more meaningless as the days went by. Hearing the words rip out of Rob... that Tatum moved on... killed any hope I had.
“You wrote this?” he asks, his pain filled eyes looking at me. So many questions, but I don’t want to answer any of them. 
“The day you rescued me was the day I wrote that note. I had just received the beating of a lifetime just because he hadn’t yet given me one. I was defeated, and when Rob walked in and told me you had moved on my world shattered to pieces. Every bit of hope I had that you were coming was ruined. Before he made me leave I wrote the note. I guess I thought that if anyone found it, it would be you, and by the time that happened I’d already be gone...for good.” My voice is a whisper by the time I finish. I don’t like voicing that I had thoughts of ending my life, but it happened in my darkest times.
“This was a goodbye note?”
“Yes. I wanted you to know I would love you until the day I die.”
Great, the tears are starting again. Screw this, I’m done with all of this emotional shit for today.
“Everyone, this has been a very eye opening day. I’d really appreciate it if Tatum and I could have some alone time. I think we have a lot to talk about,” I say, hoping that I’m not offending anyone, but not really caring if I do. 
Tatum doesn’t let go of my hand the entire time we say our goodbyes to our parents. Actually, he hasn’t broke physical contact with me since they arrived. He knows how calming his touch is to me. Once the door is locked behind our guests, he turns and cups my face, tilting my head up to meet his eyes. His beautiful eyes, full of color and emotion.
“That was the most heartbreaking thing I’ve ever read, Molly. I’m not giving up on you. I’d never give up on you,” he says. His lips slam into mine and he kisses me hard. So much of what I’ve wanted these last few days comes rushing back and I cling on to him, my legs wrapping around him as he lifts me and carries me upstairs and straight to the shower. 
Giggling, he fumbles a few times before turning on the shower and backing us into it, clothes and all.
“I love you, Molly Ward,” he whispers on my lips. 
“I guess I love you a little bit too, Mr. Savage,” I smile when he pinches my ass. 
This man is everything to me.

Tatum
I called Eddie yesterday. He’s meeting me in Kansas. We’re finishing this once and for all. 
“So what’re we doin here, boss man?” he asks, hands in his pockets. 
“Just reminding him who we are, Roe. That’s all,” I say, grabbing the metal bat from my suitcase. “Just a little reminder.”
Walking into the warehouse, Eddie whistles when the lights above Rob turn on. Holy shit he looks terrible! I smile to myself, knowing that’s my doing. 
“Hey fucker,” I say, kicking his chair that he’s tied to over. He grunts when his shoulder hits the concrete. Reaching down I take the gag out of his mouth. He spits at me initially, then gasps for air.
“You look like shit, Rob. You should really do something about that,” I snicker, then slam the bat into his pretty little face. Blood pours from the split in his cheek, but it only kind of calms me. 
I need more.
“Fuck dude,” I hear Eddie laugh from behind me. 
“Pick him up,” I growl to the warehouse crew. They scramble to get the chair upright, then back away into the darkness. 
“You ever,” I say, then bring the bat down onto Robs kneecap, hearing it shatter under the metal bar. “Ever,” I grunt when I swing even harder at the same kneecap. “Think about talking,” I swing at his shin and he howls out in pain, blood flying from his mouth. “Looking, or THINKING about my girl again, I’ll make sure you never see outside the four cold walls of that room you’ve been in. Ever again,” I growl, slamming the bat against his hands. He screams out and I start to calm down. 
Eddie comes up from behind me and takes the bat before I smash in Rob’s dick with it. 
“You mind?” he asks, grinning. I grin and back away. 
“Have at it,” I say.
Eddie smiles at Rob, then brings the bat down on his shoulder you can literally see it flatten. Holy shit that’s fantastic!
“Let’s take care of that other one now,” he growls, shattering the man’s other shoulder. 
Rob’s broken, bruised, and bloody, and my mood just keeps getting better and better. 
“Throw him back in the room. Wait until his wounds heal themselves, then,” I crouch down and take his face in my hands, squeezing his broken jaw. He winces, and when I slap his cheek a few times he finally looks at me. There’s barely any life left in those dark as night eyes. 
Good. 
“Then, when they finally decide to let you go, I will have you followed for the entire rest of your pitiful fucking life. If the thought of ever touching another woman the way you touched my girl ever crosses your mind, I’ll have your ass hauled back here, and we’ll do this all over again,” I growl, then take the bat from Eddie and with all of my strength swing right between his legs. The scream that comes out of this man is enough to help me sleep better at night. 
Dropping the bat on my way out the door, I smile to myself as Eddie claps slowly and Rob screams. 
“That’ll do,” I mutter. “Time to get back to my girl.” 
“You have fun with that. I never thought I’d see the day that my wingman is scooped up. Dude, this kind of sucks,” he whines and laughs. 
“One day, Eddie. You’ll find yours,” I grin and start the car. 
“Right. No thanks. You know I don’t do that,” he grimaces.
“Sure. You just wait.”
I didn’t think I did either, but now that I found her, I can’t imagine a life without her. 
****
It’s been about three weeks since she has been home, and each day that goes by that we aren’t engaged I get more and more antsy. I know I had to wait for an opening, but hell if I didn’t want to skip the romance and go straight to a chapel to marry her right away. Each day gets better and better with Molly. She still has her times when a flashback reminds her of what she went through, but she’s being so strong about all of it.
I’m taking her to a winery in Missouri this weekend. I had to wait three weeks for a reservation, but once they found out who I am they’ve been incredibly accommodating. I have four different manager’s word that the cabin will be filled with Calla Lilly’s when we arrive, and I’ve had the ring in my pocket for months.
 I’m ready; I just pray that she is.
She doesn’t know where we’re going. All I told her was to make sure she’s off work early and I’d take care of everything else. 
When we arrive at the winery I check us in and we head towards the cabin. I’m a ball of nerves, which is nuts considering everything we’ve been through. Of course she’s going to say yes…right? I let her in the cabin first, following her in all the while fighting the urge to pull the ring out and get the proposal out of the way. Then maybe my nerves will settle.
Instead, I watch her take in the hundreds of flowers that have been elegantly placed around the room in vases. It’s beautiful, she’s beautiful, and if she says yes I will be the luckiest man alive.
“You did this?” She gasps when she realizes just how many flowers there are. “These flowers are expensive!”
I can’t help but laugh at her. “Baby, don’t forget I’m fucking loaded,” I’m able to get out through the laughter. 
Molly
I wasn’t sure what to expect this weekend, but so far after the flowers last night and the delivered breakfast this morning I may never want to go home. It’s so beautiful here, hills everywhere, our room overlooking the vineyard. I honestly could stay here, snuggled up with this man, forever.
He said tonight we’re dining in, but he has no food to prepare so I’m guessing it’s going to be delivered again. I’m perfectly fine with that, sometimes I don’t feel like sharing him. I smile to myself, thanking the Lord every day that I was freed from that house in Maine and that I’m strong enough to work through my problems. That’s not saying I’m totally better, but I’m getting there day by day.
When dinner arrives there’s a white flat box under the tray. Tatum sets it aside not acknowledging it, and we sit to eat. I’m curious, but I know he has something up his sleeve. The entire time we’re eating he keeps glancing at the box. I notice it, but don’t call him out on it. I also wasn’t going to call him out on his weird behavior. After dinner he takes me out to the patio, along with the box. When he opens it I see white pop-up style lanterns. Weird, but okay.
“I know this looks strange, but I saw these the other day and thought they were pretty cool. They’re sky lanterns. You can write anything you want on them, light this bottom part here, and it’ll float away, into the night sky.” He smiles at me as he continues. “I know you’ve been through a lot so I thought maybe sending up some prayers, or something, would make you feel good.”
I’m speechless. This man is the most thoughtful, extraordinary, beautiful man, both inside and out. When I first saw him walk into the café less than a year ago I couldn’t help but judge him by his Hollywood looks. I’ve always shied away from the beautiful ones, because I’ve always thought they were too conceited to be fun to be around. Tatum’s totally killed my perception of people with money. He’s everything a typical rich and privileged kid isn’t, and I love him for it.
We get out a few of the lanterns from the box and start to write things on them. After making one for our babies, one for friends lost, and one for love found we release them into the dark night sky. They’re beautiful, dancing together as they float away. I feel a tear slip down my cheek and wipe it away quickly before he notices.
I watch our lanterns float through the sky, then notice others rising up from the balcony under us. As I watch them rise, though, I read what’s on them and smile to myself. Four lanterns in a row rise at the same time, just above our balcony. Each has one word in bold letters written on them: “Will-You-Marry-Me?” 
Well if that isn’t the most romantic proposal ever I’m not sure what is. 
I turn to tell Tatum to look up as the lanterns float away, but as I do, I notice he isn’t standing behind me anymore. He’s down on his knee with a singly Calla Lily in his hand. My stomach drops as the realization sets in and my hands start to shake.
Those were meant for me, those lanterns were mine to read.
“Molly Ward, I don’t have enough words to tell you how you make me feel. You make me want to rise every morning to tackle the day together. You make me look forward to bed every night with you by my side. You make every waking hour of my life one hundred times better just by breathing. I was a shell of a man when I thought I had lost you forever, my life isn’t worth anything without you in it. You make me a better man in every sense of the word. Molly, you complete me. You took my shattered heart and healed it. I would love to do nothing more than spend every minute of my life trying to prove to you how much I love you.” He pauses as he stands and walks closer to me. Nestled inside the bloom of the flower is the most beautiful, ornate, unique diamond ring I’d ever seen. 
Holy shit.
“Molly, will you marry me?”
Tears are running down my face by the time his beautiful speech is over. I never thought I’d find someone that would make me feel again, and to find that person in Tatum is unbelievable. I’m ready to spend the rest of my life with the man in front of me. 
“So, uh…now would be a great time for an answer…” he grins and I lose my composure completely.
“Oh Tatum,” I whisper, tears streaming down my face. “Of course I’ll marry you!” I smile and nod my head. 
Tatum takes a breath and smiles, taking the ring from its snug place inside my favorite flower he slips it perfectly onto my finger. His hands come to rest to my face and he pulls me in for a kiss as my body melts into his. 
I get to spend the rest of my life with the man that I love. How much more lucky can I get?

The End
Want to read Eddie’s story?
Grab THE COMPLETE FIGHT SERIES on iTunes and Amazon now!

Want more M. Piper?
Check out www.mpiperbooks.com!
