

Different Directions
Champagne Hurricane Trilogy
Book 2

Published by Tam Sturgeon at Smashwords

Copyright Tam Sturgeon 2018

This novel is entirely a work of fiction.
The names, characters and incidents portrayed within it are
the work of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to
actual persons, living or deceased, or any events
mentioned is entirely coincidental.

Tam Sturgeon asserts the moral right to
be identified as the author of this work.

Cover imagery courtesy of the author.
Cover design by Tam Sturgeon.
Copyright Tam Sturgeon 2018
~
Different Directions

Part 1
We Ain’t So Bad

‘Boy, you’re so remind me of Max sometimes you drive me sodding crazy, Tee ... What is it with you? ... Well, was it a case of if it feels good, do it?’
Craig almost barked it across the wide spread of dark wood desk he stood behind, hands in his suit trouser pockets, face almost frozen to stone, his upper-class English accent as strong as ever. His eyes no longer held the smile he had greeted me with. They turned abruptly to the window he stood before, not witnessing my slow smirk, (yawn, boring), with his last burst of words.
‘... If I’ve told you once I’ve told you a thousand times, this is not London, we are not in England, and you do not sign before I do ... That contract shouldn’t have even hit my desk ... What the hell were you thinking?’
A cold silence emanated from the other side. I held my breath, and my tongue. I saw this coming after the weeks of procrastination. Craig hadn’t moved fast enough for me so I took the helm and ran the sheets to full steam ahead. Sadly, he’d had just lifted his cutlass and slashed the wind from my sails. I was only slightly deflated though.
‘I hear ya, Craig, I do, and you’re probably right, there’s no prospect in an unheard of newbie company that hasn’t hit We’ve Made a Million.com ... So what if they have a zero rating ... Like we all know, it’s a real bitch at the bottom ... And we know this because we’ve all been down there, haven’t we? ... Yes, Craig, even you ... Remember, my darling ...?’
I knew this was a good feed, there was money to be made with this move, but Craig was just being an arse about it all.
‘... Look, I gotta get going, I’m supposed to be helping Winnie this afternoon, and I’m supposed to be there, ooh, about now ... So, please, reread the contract, again, and then speak to me later ...’
I rose as Craig turned towards me, his hands still in his pockets, but his eyes no longer to the fabulous view from the 18th floor of his Calgary office.
‘It won’t matter if I reread it now or in three weeks’ time, Tee, the company you want me to invest their money in is crap, and with a capital C ... I won’t do it ... I simply won’t part with their money, not for this, but thank you anyway, darling ...’
He held my gaze, that of the friend he’d come to love as a sister.
‘... Now, please, sod off ... Before I demote you to the Post Room,’ he grinned.
I was pulling on my leather bike jacket as I made my escape, lid hung over my wrist.
‘Yeah, well, if you’re gonna give up so easily, do yourself one favour ... Persuade that Scott Barber to bail on that lot and come over to our Think Tank ... That kid’s going places, Craig, and he’s as bright as hell ... Let’s get him on board with us, give him the Miami shoot, see how he copes ... Give him my office too, then a nice fat pay rise, and that should probably do it ... You won’t regret it ... Maybe he’ll make you, and them, some bloody money,’ I laughed as I headed out the door.
‘Good,’ Craig called after me, as I stalked off down the plush corridor, ‘maybe that’ll make up for the fact that you bloody well don’t then ... And ride carefully, will you... Though I know you won’t.’

‘Arh, Jesus, girls,’ Mike laughed loudly, ‘not again,’ was bawled up at us, his words almost lost to the cranked up music playing in his bar.
He dumped the crate of beers on the floor and, using his booted foot, pushed them towards Billy.
‘... Put them where they belong for me, will ya,’ he shouted to the young guy pouring shots from the bottles in both hands.
‘Sure thing, boss,’ was shouted back, his words just about heard.
McCall’s of Silver Spring, and my usual bar of choice most nights of the week, was heaving. Two of the younger girls from town, Bonnie and Natalie, and me were pretty much wasted and, by that time, dancing on the bar, Coyote Ugly style, singing and kicking it up a good one. Mike was used to it. Whenever I was home it nearly always ended like that. I’d show up, buy everyone a few rounds, and before you saw it coming, I’d be up there, gyrating my hips, my cowboy hat pulled down at the front.
The whole place was thumping with its country-rock party, amazing how that always happened when I showed my face, and that particular night was no exception. Mike didn’t mind, I didn’t mind, and the whole crowd didn’t mind. The punters spent money, I spent money, and then Mike’s crew were left to clear up the mess.
Over the course of the next hour or so, not much changed. I nearly fell off twice but was repositioned with the help of some guys sitting below where I did my thing, my laughter shared with those that helped. Empty glasses were kicked away as feet stepped one side to the other. My long dark hair swung around to the rock tunes that blared, my thumbs hooked in the front pockets of my tight boot-cut jeans, my hand occasionally coming up to catch the front of my hat.
As the rabble whittled down to the dregs, the pace slowed some. Eventually it was just the usual two faces, the music finally at a level so you could hear the person next to you speak. I was at the end of the bar by that time, head forward, resting on my crossed arms, singing along to the Ea$y track that was playing.
‘... Down, down, going down ...’
Mike walked the bar and stood before me. ‘Ya had enough, or will ya want one for the road?’
He was wiping the bar as he spoke, his eyes resting on my head.
‘One for the road, ya ask?’ was a pissed, muffled, response from beyond a waterfall of dark curls. ‘Well, ya better make mine a pint of Jack, please, my good man, and hold the ice ...’
My posh English accent had surfaced once again, followed by a laugh through the mass of chestnut mane.
Mike chuckled as he looked down at the talking hair.
‘Ya sure ya wouldn’t like a nice pint of black coffee instead there, Tee?’
He stopped his wiping and waited for an answer. When there wasn’t one he thought maybe I’d fallen asleep.
‘Tee ...’ He raised his voice, ‘TEE ...’
My head shot up, hair falling before my face, a curtain between me and the world outside.
‘... Yeah ... I’m ‘ere ... Who wants to know?’
My startled face appeared, my eyes shooting around the space before me. I wasn’t sheets but the whole galleon to the wind.
‘Honey,’ Mike tried again, ‘wouldn’t you prefer a coffee before ya go ... Instead of another drink? And how ya getting home, by the way ... Ya ain’t driving, that’s for sure?’
He smiled at the state I was in. My pale face somehow made my grey eyes brighter.
‘I’m walking,’ I grinned, then burped. ‘Ooh, sorry,’ I giggled. ‘And I fink I’ll have a coffee, please ... Ya gonna join me in one ... Ya know I hate drinking anyfin alone ...’
Mike turned to the coffee pot behind him. He’d already started making it as I sat trying to focus on my hands.
‘Ya ain’t walking home like that, ya can’t see five inches in front of ya face ... I’ll give ya a lift after we have this, okay,’ he chuckled over his shoulder, the coffee curling a lovely smell up and across the room.
My head dropped forward, my voice muffled once more.
‘... I mizz him, Mike ... I mizz him real bad ...’
Mike turned, placing his hands on the bar.
‘I know ya do, kid, we all do ... But you’ve had a good run tonight, don’t be down ... Ya doing real good ... He’d be so proud of how ya keep it all together, ya know ... Well, apart from tonight, maybe,’ he smiled.
‘Would he though? ... Would he really?’ my voice asked the space behind the hair.
My coffee mug landed before me on the bar.
‘Yeah, I think he would ...’
Mike’s voice sounded soft and understanding, he did care about me, we’d been friends for a while.
‘... Look, drink ya coffee and stop being such a damn misery ... Ya got the whole world just awaiting to see what Tee Manley has coming next ... Life’s for the living, girl, so get out there an live it ... That’s what Max woulda wanted ...’
I faced him again. He winked at me and my smile slowly reappeared.
‘That’s better,’ he grinned. ‘Hey, the Flames are playing in Calgary Thursday night. Ya wanna go catch some ice hockey? I think there’s a few of us going. I got a spare ticket if ya wanna join in ...’
My fingers curled around the mug before me, when my eyes finally focused on it.
‘A Flames game, huh! ... Well, I might just have to fink about that ...’ another burp followed my next sip, ‘... Oops, sorry again ...’
‘Girl, ya brain is gonna be banging a big old drum tomorrow morning, and that ain’t no lie,’ Mike chuckled. ‘Man, ya sure know how to sink ‘em ... My hat off to ya though, ya get this place up an moving with ya carrying on ... I just wish it didn’t cost me so many glasses ...’
‘Arh, quit ya moaning, put it on the tab, like ya usually do ... I ain’t gonna tell ya wife, Mike, it’s between you and me,’ I replied, trying to tap the side of my nose but missing the first time.
I managed it in the end, my eyes crossing so I could see myself do it.
‘Tee, I don’t care about the damn glasses and, as ya well know, I ain’t married and never have been.’
He finished his coffee, the mug slid to one side as he leant towards me.
‘... Now, finish up, will ya, please ... I gotta close up and get ya home without ya passing out or puking in my truck ... Ya think ya can do that for me?’
His soft brown eyes wrinkled from the smile he offered as I looked up at him.
‘Ya ain’t married? That just ain’t right, Mikey ... A lovely guy like you ... I’m amazed ... Any girl would be ‘appy to ‘ave ya ...’
I fell quiet for a second as the look on Mike’s face changed.
‘... Okay, okay, I’m drinking, I’m drinking ...’
‘Good,’ he said, patting the top of the bar as he wandered off. ‘Ya got five minutes while I lock up then weez outta here, girl ... Got it ...?’
He disappeared around back, his night nearly over.
‘Hey,’ I called, ‘if I wasn’t such a sodding misery, I’d give you a run for ya bloody money, Mike McCall ...’
‘Yeah, right,’ was a called reply from beyond the bar, as he switched off lights and locked his office door. ‘You wish, honey ... But I wouldn’t do it to ya, not tonight ... Ya won’t remember it in the morning, the state ya in, and, well ... That just ain’t right ...’
I sat alone in the quiet bar to finish my sweet, black coffee. I was the last one standing, yet again, well, nearly standing.
I smiled to myself, saying aloud, ‘I remember when Max said that to me once ...’
When Mike eventually returned, I was cheek down, out cold, away with the fairies, softly snoring.

That summer haze, the one that always makes the day heavy and hard to move, settled over the small town of Silver Spring, south west and some out of Calgary, Canada. July 5th was a stunning Saturday, one worth being up early for, one that held heat at 8:30 am. The grasses to the meadow beyond the flower filled backyard swayed to a tune sent on the whispering wind. A lazy chocolate Labrador dozed on a well-trimmed green lawn and all around was at peace.
I padded out into the fresh air, vest and shorts, Max’s old socks, coffee and a smoke, to look into that hazy light and then up to that acre wide blueness above.
‘Honey, thank you for another stunning day ... Wish you were here,’ I spoke aloud, a soft tone into a soft breeze.
Ziggy lifted his head with my words, but then went back to his sunny spot doze when silence fell across the lawn once more.
I’d padded over to my beloved swing seat with my cargo laden tray, the memories and moments with Max awash with every inch of my movements. In my head, he was already there waiting for me.
My morning was spent much the same way. A call from Stevie forewarning me of his arrival pushed me into showering and trying to wake up. Seems another night on the Jack had left me heavy-headed once again. Never mind, a long, hot dowsing would wash that all away.

The truck horn blaring down the drive, and Ziggy barking, his tail wagging happily, reiterated that which I already knew. Someone was a comin. I walked through the cool room and was at the door as they came waltzing towards me.
The dog greeted Stevie first. He, my beloved brother-in-law, as funny as ever, was pulling faces at JR over Chels’s shoulder, the baby’s sporadic chuckles carrying on the breeze. My, what a lovely little family they made. My heart warmed every time I saw that scene.
Erupting into smiles and laughter, I hurried to my friends and that bundle of joy in their midst.
‘Oh, my, God, it’s so lovely to see you guys ... Where’s my little man, there he is ...’ my hands were already deployed to take receipt of my beautiful chunk of nephew, ‘... Come to Aunt Tee ... How you doing my precious little hunk ...?’
The gooing miniature of a chubby Stevie was passed over, as arms entwined waists and kisses came from all directions, with dog at our heels saying hello, as they do.
‘How’s Ma, she good?’
I directed the question towards the infant before me, it was meant to be heard by both doting parents.
‘She’s doing real good, thanks for asking,’ Stevie replied, kissing my forehead as he hugged it to his lips.
Chelsea did almost the same from the other side of me, saying, ‘... Yeah, she says ya ain’t been up to see her lately ... Wanted to know why, of course,’ she finished for him.
In a sandwich of me and the infant between them, we were a weaving of love and laughter.
‘That’s good then ... And I was going to go up as soon as I had a few hours to myself ... Yes I was ... I was, you gorgeous baby ...’
I giggled to the one year old, sat on my tummy before me, the baby voice and loving smile enough to get JR to go all gooey and giggly, and then I just wanted to eat him.
‘Ya know I’m talking about Beth, don’t ya?’ I chuckled, this time looking over at Chels.
‘Yeah, I know,’ she giggled back, ‘but it could be said about this Momma too, ya know ...’
‘Yeah, I know,’ I smiled in reply, my eyes dropping for being reminded of my absence. ‘Oh, my, God ... And here you are ... Wow ...’
I kissed her cheek just as we took the first step on the porch. Standing on the top one I looked down at JR.
‘Take a good look, shorty,’ the word good dragged out to sound important, ‘because, one day, we are going to have a great time camping over there, and then building dens and tree houses in the woods over there ...’
The baby’s eyes were following every word I said, the look, those of an old soul. He burped, the sound making me chuckle.
‘That’s my boy,’ Stevie laughed as he ambled passed with the luggage. ‘True Manley style ... See! ... He’s catching on already ...’
We ladies tagged along behind, the baby going back to Momma, dog showing the way, me taking a case from Stevie so as to lead them up the stairs.
‘I’ve put you in the back room, as usual, the crib’s where it was ... Help yourselves to everything you need ... And, if you can’t find it by being nosey, ask ...’
My words died upon entering the lovely room, the dog instantly in, slumping into sun-trap number two. The double aspect windows let the light flood in, the voile catching on the warm breeze, the pastel shades and soft furnishings very simple but effective.
Laura Ashley, eat your pretty pastel heart out. It was a wonderful mix of light pallets and cosy corners. To read a book, or to write in peace, it was all within that space. Just bird song and breezes, that divine scent with the heat of the day, it was all part of the tranquil haven required by an aging hippy.
Chels’s smile was all teeth. ‘Wow, you’ve redecorated, it’s beautiful ... Stevie, looky at crib corner ...’
Her face turned to Stevie and back again. Where the crib had once stood, with walls the same as the others, now was something all of its own.
‘Oh,’ I grinned, ‘a surprise for JR ... His very own wonder wall ... A bit like yours in the kitchen at home, I guess ... Hope he likes it?’
I watched as they walked over to get a better look, the wall coming alive. An impressive mural met in the corner behind the new crib. This depicted a soft landscape running over the hills in the distance. Pale shades of summer and autumn graced skinny trees with cute birdies and bunnies below. The best came with the foreground crazy paving pathway. This was made up of all the pics I’d taken since Chels had her bump. All our family and friends, in different shades of attire, were on parade somewhere, a history of his lifetime they could add to over the years to come.
‘Jeez, I’m impressed, Tee,’ Stevie chuckled, looking at me, the smile the same as his brother’s.
‘Glad you like it ... Took me four days, start to finish ... Not bad for a first try, aye?’ I grinned back at him, my arms folding, the sunlight catching the twinkle in my eye.
‘Tee, it’s so lovely ... I, we love it,’ Chels almost whispered, turning to me with JR in her arms. He was asleep already.
‘Good ... Now get settled and I’ll see you in a bit,’ I whispered back, making my way to the door. ‘No rush, you know where everything is anyway,’ I smiled, and then was gone, Ziggy at my heels.

I stood rubbing the sleep from my eyes trying to focus on Stevie, as I smirked, ‘What did you say? ... I’m not sure I just heard you right, or maybe I’m still dreaming? Yeah, that’s it ... I’m still dreaming, right! ... Come on, I must be,’ I nearly laughed, but decided not to.
Stevie half turned from the work surface in the kitchen and passed Chelsea JR’s beaker. It was half full of baby juice. He was smiling as he moved.
‘Max has been given a lifetime achievement award and they want you to except it on his behalf ... Did ya hear me that time, sleepy head?’
I plonked down at the table next to JR in his highchair. He tried to palm his baby orange juice off on me. I took the bunny shaped beaker and sucked a little from it. A funny face followed suggesting it wasn’t the best juice in the world, or laced with Vodka. The baby giggled and reached out to get it back.
Passing it over to him I smiled, ‘Well, young man, looks like your Aunt has another one of them highfalutin do’s to go to ... What should one wear, ripped jeans and your Uncle Max’s iconic Up Yours t-shirt?’ I said it in a posh English accent making the baby laugh.
Chels was sat giggling along with her young son.
‘So ... I’ll tell the powers that be you’ll be there then,’ Stevie smirked as he sat next to her and slung an arm around her shoulders.
Still keeping up the silly accent I chuckled, ‘Oh, of course one will be there ... One wouldn’t miss this for the world ...’ I looked at JR and smiled. ‘Well, Uncle Max the music man strikes again, aye!’
The light suddenly dropped from my eyes as they swerved to look at Stevie, the accent also dropping from my voice.
‘... Is it because he’s been dead for nearly a year and they feel they should show some appreciation for all the bloody money he’s still making them?’ I spat, my words sounding harsh and with an edge to them, they were meant to.
‘Whoa, little lady, where the hell did that come from?’ Stevie bounced back, as his eyes shot to my face, Chels’s following suit.
I stood from the table and, taking my mug of coffee, turned and hurried to the backdoor in silence. Slamming through it, I disappeared into the garden heading for my swing-seat, all fun having suddenly been lost from within me.
Sitting down I closed my eyes to the world around me, trying to block out birdsong and breeze. It didn’t work. I could feel them on the rise, the hot tears that I kept so well hidden every day. What did those pompous gits know about Max really? Did they love him as I had? Where they there to hold my hand the night I stood and watched him vacate my world, all broken and torn to pieces? Did they relive that every day of their lives, over and over? No, because they weren’t there, I was.
With my mug abandoned beside me, my hands came up to cover my face. Ziggy moved from his spot in the sun and ambled over to rest his muzzle in my lap. One hand dropped to his silky ears, the warmth of him already a comfort.
I could almost hear Max as if he were sat next to me.
‘Honey, please don’t cry ... I’m still here, sweetheart, I ain’t never left ya ... I’m right here ... I’ll always be here by your side.’
‘Oh, Max ... I wish you were still here,’ was said through the hot tears I wasn’t able to hold back any longer.
Without me even knowing Stevie took the seat once filled by Max.
‘... Honey, you okay?’
My face slowly moved to look at my sad friend, my tears escaping as free as the rain.
‘I know a lot of things, Stevie, but it still amazes me how Max can linger in his wonderful world of music ...’
I dragged my sob back from the edge, the swallow, one of broken hearts and missed kisses.
‘I know he’s gone ... I live with his loss everyday ... I really try to be fine about it, but I hate waking up and him not being there ... I still do it, hold my breath and squeeze my eyes closed, tight, wishing he’ll be there when I open them again ... But he never is, Stevie, he never is ...’
Stevie let me talk, his own sorrow reflected on his face.
‘... I’d give anything, everything, to have him back, you know that ...’
I abruptly turned away, but my words were not yet finished with.
‘... I don’t want their stupid award, Stevie ... I want Max ...’
My tears came as if a cascade, falling for all to see.
Stevie’s hand slid up and down my back as he leant against my shaking frame. His words held a sad note, one easily heard.
‘I can’t imagine how it is for ya everyday of ya life. I saw the way ya loved that stupid brother of mine, and it was a thing of beauty most days. Ya held on with everything ya had to make him one of the luckiest sons-a-bitches I ever did see,’ he chuckled. ‘It amazed me how ya forgave him his weaknesses, how ya never faltered when he crash landed on his face again, and how ya could bring him back from his own personal hell ... Ya amazed me then ... And ya amaze me now ...’
He leant his head against mine as I turned and curled into him.
‘I know ya hurting, Tee, we’re all hurting still, but for all that, I think ya should do this ... Go show them there assholes ya made of something they ain’t never seen before ... You stand up there, on that stage, and ya take that award, and ya shine like Max himself ... We’d be so proud of ya, honey ... I know Max would be ... Do it for him and for yourself ... No one else really matters now, do they?’
When I looked up at Stevie’s face his tears were showing too, but his smiling eyes were all I really needed to see. There, in those baby blues, misty from a loss only a sibling could ever feel, sat the one man I wished was with me then. There, looking down at me, his face alight with the truth of the matter was Max. They were Max’s eyes, and that was Max’s smile.
I knew my brother-in-law was right. He was always right, and I knew that too. If I could stand there, in front of all those people, if I could do that, then maybe, just maybe, I’d feel Max there with me too, holding my hand even.
‘Okay, we can do this ... But you guys have to come with me, I won’t go alone ... I want Ea$y along too, on that stage, right there ... It’s got to be part of the deal ...’
My wet face looked up at my best friend, a smile trying to break through as if it were the sun on a cloudy day.
‘If that’s what ya want, then that’s what ya get ... We’ll be right there with ya, every step of the way,’ he smiled back at me. ‘Now, where’s my breakfast, woman? ... I’m so hungry, I could eat that fat dawg of yours,’ he laughed.
And with that, the sun came out to evaporate all my sadness, and the birdsong and breeze played a tune all of their own.
~
The days rolled by leading up to the CMA Awards. I received my gold embossed invitation to accept the Golden Dove on behalf of Max. My reply was returned as it should be. Yet again House of Rachael were commissioned to make my gown, floor length and in a beautiful light velvet, the colour of a full bodied claret wine. The front cross-over bust flowed up to off the shoulders, a simple low back with a hint of a bustle and a little train behind. To the front, a few rhinestones in the shape of a heart hovered to one side. They sparkled as I moved, catching the eye, holding it there. They were in memory of Max.
Walking the house at Silver Spring, my beloved wedding present from him, I would sit and hear him playing his acoustic, downstairs, under the apple tree, sat on our swinging seat. I’d wanted us to grow old there, but all I had was Ziggy, my silly dog. Max would have loved him. I could see them missing for hours walking the meadows at the lodge, or taking a trip over to McCall’s, or wandering up to see Walt and Gina.
So much was to be missed, so much love, so many kisses in the sun. All gone, lost to the breeze that should be tussling his long, golden curls. Somehow, even though my heart was so heavy most days, something was alive to make me smile. A missed moment, a sentence in a song, they all held me there, keeping my love as fresh as the day he’d said hello.
Ziggy was asleep in the garden. The sun had brought my songbirds back around me, the winter having been a long one that year. The snows were melted and had washed my little piece of heaven clean. My magnolia was in full bloom and the maples were dressed in the greens I loved so much. The cherry trees were alive too, a profusion of blossom along with the apple orchard. Max so loved that time of year.
Ambling through the house and into the garden, I recalled when I told him of the baby we were expecting, his face had been a picture, the first snows had just fallen. My smile held there a moment but then was gone with the loss of such a precious thing. Our little boy would have been the same age as JR, but with just a few weeks between them. Even that was not meant to be.
I’d just sat on the back steps when the phone started to ring. Wandering into the kitchen I picked it up.
It was Stevie.
‘Hey, bright-eyes ... How’s my girl doing today? ... What’s cooking, momma ...?’
‘Hey, you ... I’m good, and not much, just hanging out ... How’s you and the crazy clan? All cool?’ I enquired.
‘Yep, they is as beautiful as a spring morning, and as noisy as a bunch of blue jays ... It’s just a quick call to tell ya the plans have been made for this here extravaganza ... We’ll all be staying at the  Fairmont Hotel ... I’ve rented the Penthouse for the duration, if that’s okay with you, of course?’
‘Yeah, Stevie, that’s fine ... We’re all in together then?’ I asked.
‘We sure are, little lady ... And ya have the suite overlooking the city, cuz I know ya like a view.’
He paused as a voice was heard in the background.
‘Sorry there ... JR is trying to make Cully eat his slippers, cuz he don’t like ‘em much,’ he chuckled. ‘Kids, huh ...’
‘Yeah, bless him ... And is Cully helping him, or is he not interested in anything that doesn’t taste like dog biscuits?’ I giggled.
‘Urh, the dog has taken one away already ... I think he buried it in JR’s sandpit, along with Chels’s hairbrush, she ain’t seen it for nearly a week now,’ he laughed. ‘Anyways, we’ll be leaving early Saturday morning ... It kicks off at about six thirty Saturday evening ... Does that give ya enough time, or ya wanna drive over Friday night instead? ... It’s up to you ... Us guys are pretty cool, but I know how you ladies like some time to get ya shit together ...’
I thought about the timeline and tried to calculate what I’d need to get ready.
‘Urh, nah, that works for me ... All I gotta do is my hair, once we’re there I’ll change, and then I’m ready to roll ... Have you booked cars to and from the venue?’
‘Yep, all done ... It’s limos all the way, baby girl ... Urh, look, I gotta go ... JR is trying to eat Cully’s tail ... I don’t mind so much but Chels’ll have a vapour lock if she walks in and sees his face covered in mutt fur ... Ya wanna stay here the night before we leave, by the way? ... Then we can go straight up and meet the guys there ...’
‘Yeah, sounds like a plan ... I’ll see you Friday night, okay ... Go rescue the poor mutt before JR eats him ... I’ll see you later ... Go,’ I laughed.
‘Okay ... See ya Friday evening ... Bye ...’
I sat and imagined JR’s little face crammed full of a Labrador, its tail just poking out of his mouth, JR looking very impressed with himself. The smile carried me back into my garden, the one that was meant to be shared with Max.
Looking up at the sky I chuckled aloud, as I was known to do, ‘Max, your family is completely bonkers ... How did you put up with them for so long?’

The days grew long as the nights grew warmer. The sunrises were spectacular and the sunsets the colour of jewels. The mountains, off to the west, showed little to no snow capping them, a sure sign summer was on everybody’s heals. The spring in Alberta never seems to last long, it’s there for what seems like a few weeks and then you’re touching on summer and you haven’t even noticed. There’s no chill to the breeze and, come midmorning, the sun is carrying some heat and you’re strutting through your day with glorious warmth to your face.
Friday was a quiet one. I spent the morning with my friend, Winnie, we sat and talked in her small courtyard garden drinking Earl Grey and waiting for her shop bell to ring. It didn’t, not in the three hours we exchanged our gossip.
Ziggy was happy in his sunny corner, asleep on his back with his feet in the air. Winnie had force-fed him some doggie biscuits with his saucer of tea. He didn’t refuse, if anything he’d succumbed to the devilish treat, as hard as it was. He was lost in his own little world chasing bunnies or mice, his feet and face twitching with the effort of it.
‘... Anyway ... Billy Mae ain’t gonna take no backchat from that ole toothless has-been who calls himself a Vet ... She knows she’s right about them ticks an flees ... She’ll deal with it her own way, just ya wait and see, and like she always does too ... It’s about time that ole coot retired, anyways ... He can’t see much further than his wrinkly ole nose, anyhoo,’ Winnie laughed.
I sat beaming all over my face. I had no idea what Winnie was talking about, but it sure sounded funny, nonetheless.
‘So,’ Winnie asked, ‘ya all ready for ya big debut tomorrow? I hear it’s gonna be televised and I’m so excited that I’ll be able to switch on to see ya ... Everyone in town’s been talking about it ... We’re gonna be seeing ya on the TV screen, as big as life, how exciting ... I hear Mike McCall’s got his projector thingy ready so they can watch it down at his place ... Walt and Gina are gonna mosey on up there too  ... Their son, Tommy, he’s gonna record it so he can hand out copies ... Are ya excited yet? Ya kinda don’t look it right now ... That’s probably just nerves, of course ... Well, are ya?’
I looked at her with a smile on my face.
‘Well, I am ready ... Dress is in the wrap, bag is packed ... I’m going to Stevie’s from here, as you know, as Numb Nuts is staying with you, and I’m calm, at this moment ... Just hope my legs don’t give out on me as I walk towards that bloody podium,’ I chuckled.
Winnie smiled her sweet little smile as she patted my hand. 
Honey, ya’ll be just fine ... You’ve done it a hundred times with Max and the boys already ... How many times ya been in one of them posh magazines with him all happy about ya lovely home and the life ya had, huh?’
‘Winnie, it was about him, Max, and that was fine, I can assure you ... All I had to do was turn up in a posh frock, do some smiling and nod my head a bit ... Now, it’s me in the limelight, and I still think maybe Stevie should be doing this ... I can sit at the table and watch from afar then ... Somehow, I like that idea better ...’
As I spoke, my eyes travelled the courtyard around us. They came back to rest on Winnie, as I finished, who was still smiling at me.
‘Tee, honey, sometimes ya gotta do things for other people that ya don’t wanna do ... This is for Max, it’s about Max ... I know there’s more to it than ya care to admit.’ Winnie’s eyes softened. ‘It’s only natural to be nervous ... Hell, I’d be just as nervous as a pile a vipers ... But, if ya don’t do this, just cuz ya miss him so much, I think you’ll regret it someday, and I’d hate to see that ... Now, finish ya tea, it’s getting cold,’ she grinned, patting my hand once more.

I ambled back along Main Street, taking the turning by the bookshop and revelling at the lovely afternoon. The sun was on its decline as I passed Walt and Gina’s house, the old John Deere tractor parked out front as usual, a sure sign Walt had been running errands.
The grasses swayed in the light breeze, the sun giving the fields a golden glow, the scent of the warm grasses awash through the clean air. Birds dipped and called, their song enough to make smiles last. I recalled a couple’s first walk down that dusty old road. He’d been so worried about the paparazzi waiting for them at the bookshop corner. She’d laughed aloud as she’d pulled seed heads from its stalk and scattered them into the road.
Walking up my pathway it all seemed an age ago. I tried to remember the last time Max had graced my funny little house with his presence. Suddenly it was there, a flash of daytime lightening. It was the night I lost him to that horrible bend. I stopped and looked at the home I’d made for myself. As much as I loved the lodge and longed to be there sometimes, Silver Spring was to be my home, there was no going back.
The warm silence greeted my footsteps across the comfortable rooms, my kitchen, my lounge, and all the spaces I loved. There still wasn’t a studio/office there, I didn’t want one, I liked going to my retreat near the lodge to work. I could be near Max there. We could be alone, together.
Climbing the stairs to my attic bedroom, the voile lifted in the soft breeze, the scent of my herbs and flowers carrying through the open windows. Peace rained down in every inch of that space, soft, shadowy peace, full of warmth and lingering love. A place like no other found.
Most of my packing had been done already. Ziggy had watched me from his cushion by the window. It looked empty without his chunky chocolate body, as if the cushion was too big, its owner off having time away with a friend.
Taking one last look around the room I knew I had everything covered. The gown wrapped, shoes in my luggage, I was ready to roll. After closing my case I closed the windows, the voile becoming motionless, if only for a few days.
Once my bags stood by the front door, I did my final checks to make sure all was secure. Tidy and clean stood my kitchen, the backdoor locked, all windows the same. Taking a look around my favourite room, I smiled at the sounds of laughter. Many lovely moments had been spent sleeping in front of that open fire. A battle, first with Max and then with the dog, just to get the best spot. I never won.
I was ready to go but, it didn’t matter how often or for how long I was gone, it always felt as if I were walking away from an old friend, my lovely home, my funny little house.
I would be driving myself over to Stevie and Chels’s as soon as the car was loaded. No driver was required for this leg of the journey. Stuffing my luggage into my black Camaro I climbed into the warm leather seat. With a flick of the ignition it purred into life, a sound I never tired of. I loved that car nearly as much as I loved the people around me and, of course, Max, plus that silly dog I sometimes called Numb Nuts after him, then my horses, the list went on.
Out onto Main Street, I turned, to head north to the highway. From there it was a long boring drive up to Stevie’s ranch outside Rowley, which I had lovingly re-named Manley Mile. The journey always made me smile. As with the lodge, when I first visited Alberta I missed most of it as I slept my way there. That day it was different. With my Ea$y album, In So Many Ways, booming out their bassy tracks I wasn’t so alone, not really. Max was there in that car singing his heart out to me, every song known, and every song cherished.
As I hit the last stretch, the track he’d written for me, Can’t Stay Away, came over the stereo. I could see him sitting in the studio singing it to me, his lovely face and his lovely voice, how we’d lost that afternoon. Loving Max had been easy, I laughed at my own pun, his features hovering just where I couldn’t touch them.
There wasn’t sadness, just a need, a want. That never changed, it was there as though it were a torn seam through my soul, never to be mended. The smile that lifted my lips was made by him, it grew for him, it was all for him.
‘... Never stop haunting me, baby ... I couldn’t live without you on the side-lines ... My life wouldn’t be the same ... You keep the sun in my sky even when it’s raining,’ I thought to myself as I reached Manley Mile gates and passed through them.

Stevie met me in the front yard. ‘... Yoh, sis! Good drive up ...?’
JR was in his arms and looked ready for bed, his little face washed out. As soon as the infant saw his Aunt his arms were extended towards me. As I grew closer my luggage was swapped for a baby.
‘Hi ya, little man, there’s a tired little face.’ I kissed his forehead as he came into my clutches. ‘The drive was as ever, all quiet on the western front, as usual,’ I replied to Stevie.
We walked to the house, JR nearly asleep as we reached the warm and airy kitchen. Chels was reading the paper as we entered.
‘Thought that was you ... Don’t know another car that sounds that sweet, apart from mine, of course,’ she smiled as we kissed around the sleepy little tot. ‘Here, I’ll take him up to bed, the little lamb is almost out cold in his jimjams ... He was waiting for you to get here, bless him,’ she commented.
I slowly passed over the sleepy mite and Chels headed off to the nursery, Cully the mutt in tow.
Stevie placed my luggage by the door ready for our early morning and ambled over to pour us both a Jack.
‘All ready for tomorrow? Got everything ya need?’ Stevie asked, as the liquor chinked ice in glasses.
‘Yeah, think I covered everything,’ I replied, quickly going through the list in my head. ‘I’ve been informed the whole of Silver Spring will be watching tomorrow’s event. I saw Winnie earlier today, she has Ziggy till we get back ... Remind me to be on my best behaviour, please, or I’ll never live it down ...’
‘Ha, ya got some tall order there then,’ Stevie laughed. ‘But I’ll make sure ya don’t fall off the damn stage after shooting tequila,’ he smiled, joining me with our drinks.
I laughed at the thought.
‘Ha, sounds about right ... You all packed and ready to go too, then?’ I asked after taking a swig from my glass, the liquid burning my gums just the way I liked it.
‘Yep, limo will be here early so it’s up and at ‘em first thing ... The guys are meeting us at the hotel. Dan’s staying at Jake’s tonight which makes things easier their end ... The paperwork and VIP passes are in my hand luggage ... And I think that’s it, all done and ready to rock and roll, little sister ...’
Stevie sat down on the bar stool by the island, his drink disappearing fast.
‘Chels put ya in ya usual room down the hall ... Unless ya want to sleep in the one next door ... We’ll understand if ya do,’ he smiled.
‘Nah, usual room is good ... Is there still a dent in the wall from my shoe hitting it?’
‘Urh, yeah, it’s still there, just to remind ya of Chels’s crazy birthday ... Man, I thought ya were gonna spurt sparks out the top of ya head that night ... I ain’t never seen a chick trip out like that before,’ he laughed before emptying his glass.
‘Yeah, well, that won’t ever be happening again and was definitely a one off ... Can you remember Max’s face after that slap I gave him, he didn’t see that one coming, did he?’ I replied as I drained my glass.
Stevie refilled them both as he spoke. ‘Man, I thought he was gonna go orbital ... It started crazy and went uphill from there ... I loved it,’ he laughed.
‘Didn’t it just,’ I chuckled. ‘How did you put it, in true Manley style?’
‘Yeah, funny ain’t it, something monumental always happens at a gig we do ... Here’s hoping nothing outta the ordinary happens tomorrow night, fingers crossed ...’
A few more sips were consigned to his waiting mouth with that toast, the glass rendered half full.
‘God, don’t say that, I can see it now ... Me tripping over my panties as your trousers fall down. Wouldn’t that give old Silver Spring something to laugh about? Winnie would explode ... We’d never hear the end of it,’ I laughed, my drink disappearing just as quickly as Stevie’s.
He had an idea.
‘... Well, if ya don’t wear panties and I wear braces, we should be okay, right?’
‘Oh, yeah, that works for me ... And if anything befalls Dan and Jake we can just point and laugh our bloody heads off ...’
‘Hell, yeah ... Cheers, little sister ... Here’s to a night of revelling and living it up in true Manley style,’ he toasted, my glass clinking against his once again.
~
As I stalked towards the stage On the Bridge belted out over the clapping and cheers. I smiled. It was them, playing his music and singing my lyrics, nice choice. With the guys following close behind, Stevie’s fingers slid around mine and gently squeezed. I was so nervous I could feel a cold rush cutting across the room to move my braided hair a little. Dan and Jake were at the steps to help me up and, before I knew it, I was stood before a podium looking out over hundreds of faces that smiled as hands clapped.
As the track faded, the Chairman of The Canadian Music Association moved forward and handed me a large golden spiral. It was sat on a block of maple wood, the weight of it taking me by surprise. Our hands connected to shake before we parted, the lads behind me stepping forward to take their turn.
I smiled my thanks then passed the award to Stevie, so he could hold it while I made my little speech. Wiping a tear from my cheek, I waited for the clapping to die down a little before I started my words.
‘... Thank you,’ I spoke into the mike, nodding in all directions, ‘thank you ... Hello everyone, you’re all looking very nice, aren’t you?’ I nervously giggled, the sea of faces smiling and chuckling with me. ‘Well, on behalf of Max and, of course, the members of Ea$y,’ I turned to the guys stood behind me, ‘I’d just like to say a big thank you and, of course, a few words ...’
The vast space grew quiet enough to hear the odd cough, the faces turned my way as they intently listened and watched. I tried not to think about them all, and the other million faces watching around the world, plus those in Silver Spring glued to the projector at Mike’s place.
‘We all know that Max made music his life ... It was his baby, one he’d loved since the first time he picked up the guitar his Dad had given him as a kid. He worked hard, played hard but, through it all, he knew how to make something very special from using the tools he was lucky enough to own, which were his instruments, his use of lyrics and his magical voice ...’
Another tear was wiped away.
‘Max always said he was one of the fortunate to be seen that day, whilst playing in the old bowling alley in town. A tall, skinny, young kid, with hair all over the place, had what it took to make a mark on an industry that would come to love him, his band, and the music he was to write and produce ... And I guess the rest of the world can’t be wrong about that either, can it?’ I chuckled.
‘Well, we all feel his loss, mine on a different scale to most, and that loss will leave a gaping hole which may never be filled again ... But, Max left a legacy, one that will be seen for years to come, as more young musicians follow behind a master of his own making. We all have our own memories, some better than others,’ I smiled, ‘but, we’ve been lucky enough to be touched by the presence of a person, the likes of which this world had never seen before. Max Manley was a king in his field and I, myself, hope that, for years to come, you will all show those who are to follow in his footsteps, the encouragement, the love, and the passion that you showed not only him but, also, the band known as Ea$y ... And to leave you with something Max loved to say on a regular basis ... You only live it once and you’re a long time dead ... So, live it like you love it ... Thank you.’
First there were a few, then the whole room erupted into applauds and shouts the likes of which the guys and I had never heard before. Table upon table of guests stood, their hands a blur before their eyes. I wiped yet another stray droplet away as I stepped from the podium to be shown from the stage, the guys behind me. As we left Ea$y’s Take Me Home played over the noise, Max’s voice filling my ears.
Dan came up alongside, his hand to my waist as he wiped wet from his own cheek.
‘Wow, I don’t think anyone could have said it better than that, Tee, I know I couldn’t have ... That was awesome, well done ...’
‘Thanks, Dan, glad you approved,’ I smiled.
Stevie appeared at my other side, the golden spiral clenched in one hand.
‘Jesus, girl, was that spur of the moment or did ya memorise it all? Colour me impressed,’ he smiled.
‘Nah, just said what I thought was right at the time ... By the look on your faces though, I did something right,’ I smiled back, tears almost gone.
‘Something right,’ Jake chuckled. ‘Ha, ya had ‘em nearly crying in their beers, Tee. I don’t think I’ve ever seen a bunch of people have that same look on their faces before ... Jeez ...’
I stopped and turned to face the guys.
‘Look, if only one of them takes away what I just said and does something good with it, then I’m happy ... Do ya think Max was cool with what I just said out there?’
Stevie smiled, along with Dan and Jake, placing his hand on my upper arm.
‘Sis, I think Max is a very proud man right now ... I know if ya ever say stuff like that about me when I’m gone, I’ll be clapping up there in those damn clouds myself ... Man, that was way beyond the call a duty, my little darlin ... Ooh-we, pat yaself on the back for that one.’
Siding up to me, Stevie pulled me in for a gentle one arm cuddle.
‘Thanks for doing and saying what ya did out there ... I know Ma and Chels are watching tonight and they’ll be right proud too ... Just a shame they weren’t here to see it first-hand ...’
Pulling away he kissed my cheek.
‘Now, I don’t know about you guys, but I wanna get smashed in true Max style ... What ya’ll say? Reckon we can shake this town up a little, rip it a new hole, then burn the bitch to the ground?’ he grinned.
‘Oh, I think we can do that,’ I grinned up at him. ‘Show me the way, I’m right behind ya, bro,’ I chuckled.

It was obvious from where I was standing in the bar, the twenty-four year old girly singer, AJ Tate, was so wasted she thought she was in bed standing up. She was leant against the wall with some balding middle-aged session musician trying to pull his best moves on her. AJ looked unable to cope. She, being pissed and seeming a little more than confused, was not helping her situation which was slowly blossoming before my eyes.
There had been a few comments made throughout my little troupe and a plan was put into action. As a drink went down the front of said slimy musician, I would step in and walk poor pissed girly to safer ground. All the guys stepped forward for the drink spilling part. They drew straws in the end, when I started getting openly irritated with them all. Dan won and, with a dry smile on his lips and a pissed look on his face, went off to play his part, and play it well he did.
By the time baldy even knew what was happening, the drink had been deployed and AJ was whisked from the clutches of that awful troll, and into the company of new found friends. With her eyes on the verge of shutdown, she didn’t witness any of the rescue process that followed. No wonder she was a little more than freaked out the next morning to wake up in a fabulous bedroom, alone, with the sunshine flooding through the window and the scent of flowers filling the air.

The first thing AJ did do when she woke up was check under the covers. Was she naked or not? No, she wasn’t, she was in her camisole, bra and panties, not naked at all. She checked her body and intimate bits too, not touched, not raped, not bruised or abused. All was intact, as it all should be, as it always was. Her head swung round looking for her diamante bag. There it was, sat on the antique dressing table, next to her clothes hanging on the beautiful wardrobe door. And there was that wonderful smell of flowers again.
What was that? There is was again, an acoustic guitar and a pretty voice singing, and singing a song she knew. Wow, that was an Ea$y track? Which one was it? She could just hear it on the breeze through the window. Jeez, it was You Should Know and it sounded pretty good from her pretty room. It was enough to make her get up and look to see where, and whom, it was coming from.
Sitting in the big squishy chair by the window she lifted the white voile to see what was beyond her veiled room. AJ’s first look was a sight she will always remember, like those Christmases as a kid, it will forever be imprinted on her memory, she may even say one of the most amazing sights she’s ever seen.
The voile was dropped for a moment as she collected her thoughts and rubbed her eyes. Had she really just seen the Tee Manley in a backyard singing along to Stevie Manley playing his acoustic guitar? Nah, it’s not possible, it couldn’t be them, not them, could it?
The voile was lifted again as the guitar started a funky slapped version of In Your Mouth.
‘We have a watcher I think,’ I smiled as I walked over to pick up my coffee mug. ‘The princes has awoken it seems,’ I chuckled, as Stevie smiled from his seat in the morning sunshine.
‘It must be time for breakfast and more coffee then, woman,’ he smiled back, as the playing ceased and the acoustic was set down to rest awhile.

When the two famous people moved towards the back of the house, looking up at the window as they moved, the voile was dropped and chaos reigned.
AJ threw herself from the chair and grabbed at the clothes she had worn the night before. Somehow the jazzy mini skirt and beaded cape didn’t look so great in the cold light of day with a cloudy head. It was as she was contemplating having to endure them another day did something catch her eye.
Looking to her right, from where she stood, AJ was confronted by a wall that told a story about the people she’d heard beyond the open window. As she moved nearer she made out a timeline of the lucky little soul pictured in each and every shot. Numerous faces posed with the small being, some she recognised, some she didn’t and, there, smiling at each other over the small crown, was Tee and Max, their faces alight with the love that could only be shared in that one triangle.
Grinning to herself she turned and saw what was laid to one side of the beautiful crib. She walked over and lifted the note from the neat pile of clothes. In purple biro was written, Help yourself to a shower, through low door in corner of room, clean towels are waiting ... Thought a change of clothes might be appreciated too ... Hope they fit okay, Tee x
‘Oh, my, God ... It is her ...’
The note fluttered to the floor as each item was lifted from the chair and held against her for sizing. After this came a lifting to her face, the garments scent inhaled into her, the sweetness making AJ think of being home. The smile lingered as she tried the shorts and vest on, a little loose but all she really needed to get her back to her place. Besides, she wasn’t in any rush. It wasn’t like there was anyone there to miss her.
Her shower was always a slow affair. It was washing the long golden locks that took most of the time and effort. Such a mass was heavy when wet too, and took ages to dry. When the worst of the water had been towelled from it, she opened the cupboard under the sink to find every hair care item ever needed. From dryer to de-frizz fluid, it was there for the use of. Behind the other door was a collection of luxury shower and pampering products from the best hotels around the world, the nice collection putting a smile to AJ’s lips.
After getting herself together, and dressing, she decided to butch up to take the plunge with the ‘going downstairs’ thing. She’d checked the contents of her bag and nothing was missing. It was at this point the flashbacks started. She plonked herself down on the bed as she recalled Jade getting so pissed she threw up in her own handbag, which had AJ crying with laughter. After Melissa, Abby and Jade were ejected for starting a tussle with a Bouncer, it left AJ pretty much on her own and pissed nearly to the point of blindness.
Okay, the rest of the band was still there, somewhere, but they were with their crews and chicks. She’d done her partying with them after they received their CMA Award. She was meant to be chilling with her girlfriends for a change. Then baldy slipped into her head. A hand ran from forehead to chin, the cold feeling dispelling with the thought of waking up in that amazing room.
‘Where the hell am I again?’ she thought to herself, looking down at the borrowed clothes she wore.
A knock on the door brought her gaze round in that direction, my soft English voice spoken through it.
‘Morning AJ, are you awake yet?’
AJ smiled from her side, ‘Yep, I’m awake ... I was just coming down ...’
The door opened slightly and the face AJ would know from a hundred paces popped into view.
‘I’m sorry ... We have some explaining to do I think,’ I smiled. ‘I’ve just started making breakfast ... We’ll talk while we eat ...’
AJ rose from her spot, her party clothes a bundle in her hand, as she ambled towards the open door and a woman she’d admired for years.
AJ didn’t hero worship me, she wasn’t like that. It was more that she had respect for her elders, a rare thing today. It had been nearly a year since Max was killed in that tragic car accident. I remembered her attending the funeral with Reedy. She was just a kid then, hardly out of school and busy being famous already. She mentioned reading a few articles about the band and how Max and I had met. She thought it was an amazing love wins out story, and had probably inspired three of her greatest hits.
‘AJ, this is Stevie Manley ... You might recognise him,’ I smiled, as I walked towards my large pine table sat within its light and airy kitchen area.
Stevie stood as we entered the room across from him, the sound of us on the stairs forewarning him of our arrival.
‘Hi, nice to meet ya, AJ,’ Stevie beamed from his favourite breakfast spot at the bench.
AJ ambled over and took a seat, the smell of fresh coffee and fresh pastries too much to refuse.
‘And that lazy lump over there,’ I smiled in the dog’s direction, he was occupying a perfect patch of sunlight, ‘that’s Ziggy ... And when he grows up, he’d like to be a big, bad, guard dog ...’
Sitting again, Stevie just had to ask, ‘How’s ya head this morning, AJ?’
AJ thought my remark about the dog was funny and had tried to laugh, but the pain in her skull had stopped her.
‘Damn ... My brain feels like it’s packed with firecrackers, and an anvil is swinging around inside it setting them off,’ came the husky voice from under the mass of golden, waist length curls.
Stevie and I chuckled in unison.
‘The shower didn’t resolve the issue then?’ I asked, feeling for her. She’d been pretty wasted the previous night.
‘Nah,’ replied the voice from the hair.
‘One of Tee’s breakfasts will have ya right as Wranglers in no time at all, you’ll see ... Besides, a young ‘un like you should mend quick enough ... I did when I was your age,’ Stevie grinned, his face having a shade of knowing about it.
He saw me clocking him. I smiled, knowing what he meant.
Bacon and eggs were washed down with juice and coffee and pastries topped it all off. While Stevie sat and put a fat one together I explained how AJ had ended up in Silver Spring.
‘Getting you to a safe distance wasn’t the problem,’ I continued, ‘it was when you passed out sat next to Keanu did they start,’ I laughed.
AJ’s face appeared through her curtain of curls.
‘Oh, God, don’t tell me ... Okay, what did I do? ... Who did I throw-up over ...?’
She looked from me to Stevie, the concern awash over her pretty face.
‘Arh, you’re okay, kiddo,’ Stevie chuckled as he lit his spliff. ‘Ya didn’t throw-up over anyone, we were impressed ...’
Stevie and I glanced at each other whilst pulling approving faces, both of us nodding in agreement at his statement.
‘Our biggest problem was finding out where the hell you lived,’ I continued, my hand coming to rest on the back of AJ’s, the one playing with a teaspoon. ‘You were Goodnight, Vienna, I’m sorry to say, no address was gonna be coming outta you, if you get me,’ I giggled.
‘Arh, that bad, huh,’ grinned AJ in reply.
‘Yep,’ laughed Stevie, ‘that bad ...’
He passed the spliff over to me, AJ raising a hand as her form of a decline. Her eyes dropped before she spoke.
‘Is that how, and why, I ended up here?’ she asked, with her embarrassment on an all-time high.
‘Well, we couldn’t just book you into a hotel, alone ... Now, that would’ve really freaked you out this morning ... Especially if Baldy was the last thing you remember about last night ...’
I patted the younger hand again.
‘... Look I didn’t want you being left there, or anywhere, alone, not while taking a trip like that. Under the circumstances, it could have worked out a hellava lot worse than it did, believe me. Stevie was kind enough to help get you to our car and come lift you to a bed. It’s no big deal, honest, I was happy I could help you out ... I wasn’t going to leave you, AJ.’
AJ’s eyes came up to rest on me as she nodded. AJ knew I was right. She had a moment to think about Baldy and his stinking breath and piggy eyes.
‘I don’t know how to thank you, really I don’t ... And I’m real embarrassed at the same time ... I just wanna ball up an die, right now ... I think I should leave ... I’ve taken up way too much of your time already ...’
‘Arh, AJ, don’t beat yourself up over this ... Really, hang out, chill ... You’ve nothing to be ashamed of here ... We’ve all done it and, in some cases, in a far more monumental way, I can assure you ...’
My eyes flicked to Stevie, who had his usual boyish grin on his face. He knew exactly what I meant.
~
It’s a good idea to set the scene. It helps to picture the events in your mind. Imagine if you will, an executive office, about twenty by thirty feet, on, maybe for arguments sake, the thirty-second floor. From the ceiling high picture windows you look out onto a gridded city sprawl and two skyscrapers five blocks away, both about forty floors high. One has an exterior created from a material that is a golden colour. This was built from the money made from gold. The other building is built to resemble its neighbour, but is silver. As you’ve already guessed, this was built from the money made from silver.
An L shaped desk sat in the centre of the room. The heavy piece of furniture, that once was a pine tree, was stained to an awful mahogany colour. It rested centre stage, a high back black leather and chrome chair behind. The additions to the room’s contents were a wall of low bookcases, with glass fronts, and a smaller table with two wooden chairs either side of it. The table had a tall thin glass vase sat on it, one sad blue Gerbera leaning from its lip. Then came the cocktail bar, long and sleek, chrome and glass, and all were stained to match that awful desk.
To top that off, hideous floor tiles laid a covering of bright blue across the entire floor. They resembled an ugly deep swimming pool, but without waves chopping across the surface. It gave you the feeling you really could walk on water.
That, in turn, all belonged to a man called Douglas Reed, also known as Reedy. Reedy was a Music Producer and Manager. He made a lot of money, in a lot of different ways, but it was all within the music industry, and he was good at it. He had the ear, the eye, he knew what he liked and, more importantly, he somehow knew what the public liked. If that wasn’t the case, he wouldn’t have been doing it, successfully, over the last thirty years or so.
Reedy had seen a lot of them come and go. He’d seen them climb and he’d seen some crash land. One person had touched his life in particular, and he found he still referred to him on a daily basis. This person was Max Manley.
Reedy had first seen the teenage Max when his then band, Laid Back, played at the bowling alley in Rowley. They’d rocked that place and the fan club grew. When that band broke up, Max went quiet and ended up working in some bar/club called Red Rooster’s. Then he reappeared in a different band, with different people and, this time, with a different name. They were called Ea$y, and everything changed.
The leather chair creaked as Reedy moved his position a little. ‘Was it a year, already?’ he thought to himself. ‘A year without Max ...’
His eyes moved to the window from being lost in his daydream. The photo of Max and him faced the desk, on the end of the bookcase nearest him. He remembered the day it was taken, they’d just gone Platinum with their first album, Last Man Down, and were celebrating, stood, in that very office. They’re seen shaking hands, big smiles on their faces, their drinks raised to the camera.
He’d seen the boys a few times since the funeral. Stevie had been at the Grammies, and the CMA Awards, and they’d caught up with all the gossip. He’d bumped into Dan and Jake in The Bear and Kilt in Calgary. Now, that was a damn good night.
His eyes dropped as he remembered me, the sad little widow. Reedy recalled collecting bunches of various blooms at Max’s funeral, the ones the horde of distraught fans clenched, whilst stood outside the church. I couldn’t leave a single flower behind that day, they were all meant for him, with their love. Reedy liked that I did that. My actions must have seemed so brave that day, but I wasn’t really. He left his photo-stare and turned away as someone knocked and entered.
It was Carrie, his Secretary. She smiled as she hovered in the doorway.
‘Are you in? ... I have Bernie Slattery on the phone ... Said something about the board meeting next week ... Do you want me to put him through?’
He thought for a moment, his gaze returning to his panoramic view.
‘Urh, no, tell him I’m busy, will be the rest of the day ... Say I’ll call him tomorrow ... That should keep him happy ... Thanks Carrie ...’
‘Okay, Boss, I’ll tell him just that,’ and with that she was gone.
He wandered how and what I was doing, whether I was okay, moving on, putting it all back together. Stevie had said I was getting there, I had up days and I had down days, but I was finding a way through it all. Max popped into his thoughts again. He really missed him. Max was what he called good people. A pisshead, pot smoking, crazy muso, yep, but he was still good people.
He heard the voice and the words of Carrie through his door.
‘... Miss Tate ... Miss Tate ... You can’t go in there, he’s busy ...’
Too late, she was in.
‘... Reedy, this tour coming up ... Have ya found me a Personal Assistant yet ...?’
AJ Tate, the feisty starlet with her long blonde tresses, came to a halt beside his desk. She was nearly wearing denim shorts. He wasn’t sure at first. They’d looked like a wide belt when she’d stormed in. Her white vest top with Try Me on the front hung from one shoulder, with her black sports bra seen beneath. She sported army boots and black and red striped thigh length socks. The hair was a messy pile on her head. It was sliding down one side, and hadn’t moved its position for a few days by then.
She stood with a hand on her hip, chewing gum, blue tinted sunglasses slid to the end of her nose. She also had a huge grin on her face.
Reedy spun slowly to face her in his chair. His hands rose so his fingertips pressed together, his elbows resting on the arms.
‘... As it happens, no, I haven’t ... Why you ask?’
‘I found someone.’ She jumped with joy. ‘I think she’d say yes if I asked her ... She’d be perfect, and I want you to offer her the contract for the tour ...’
She was so excited she resembled a kid in a candy shop where the jars are wall to wall.
‘Okay, and what name do I add to this contract, Miss Tate ... Another one of your girlfriends?’ he asked, squinting a little in the sunlight through the window to his left.
‘Well, I guess ya could call her one a my girlfriends ... She’d fall into that category, for sure,’ she replied, her hands moving to clap before her, a gentle swaying from side to side starting. ‘The lady’s name is Tee Manley ... And I think ya know her, don’t ya?’ she grinned.

‘You want me to, what?’ I laughed, my head going back, tears coming to my eyes. I was amused if nothing else. ‘Did I hear you right, AJ? ... Was that, be your PA on your Canadian tour? ... Are you fucking serious?’
I looked at AJ and Reedy staring at me, the big smiles on their faces, my laughter slowly dying to a chuckle.
‘... Wow, you guys are serious ... This shit is so funny ...’
I hadn’t seen Reedy since Max’s funeral, the boys had bumped into him occasionally, but I hadn’t. I liked him even though I didn’t know him all that well. We’d crossed paths, of course, but I’d not seen him for months.
In the early days Reedy had helped guide Ea$y when no one wanted to know. He’d given them the tools, the contacts, even the studio time and, in return, he got his chunks of money and loved his life. Everyone got what they wanted, and it was the start of a beautiful friendship, for a while anyway. Eventually, as they all do, the guys had moved on. As Reedy said, years later, ‘Ea$y come ... Ea$y go.’
‘Tee, please, for me ... And it’ll be amazing, we’ll have a road trip party that lasts six weeks, six whole weeks ... Okay, ya’ll have stuff ya gotta do for me but, the rest of the time, ya’ll be tying ‘em down and rocking it up ... We do what we gotta do, then the rest of the time is yours ... And ya get paid shit loads of money while ya doing it ... Please, Tee,’ AJ pleaded, ‘say ya’ll come with me ...’ She tried her puppy dog eyes approach. ‘You’ll get your own hutch on wheels ... Plus Joey’s gonna be on the tour too, and Hatch ... We’ll have an ass-kicking time ...’
Reedy sat quietly, waiting for AJ to quit her whining. When AJ fell quiet he finally spoke.
‘Tee ...’
My gaze turned to look at him behind his huge slab of desk.
‘... I’d like you to do it ... Please ... Yes, there’s a nice sum sat behind it but, for me, there’s other reasons too, more important reasons. Ya know your away around the music business, and the people involved ... You been in it long enough, ya know what happens, what it’s like, you know how it works ... Plus you’re used to the life ... You’ve tasted it, lived on the road, seen it all before. I’d like you to take the helm on this one, and I don’t mean run the whole damn show, others are there to do that ... No, I mean take care of her ...’
He nodded at AJ.
‘... She’s my priority, my girl, my business ... She’s safe in your hands ... You’ve proved that already ... Yeah, I heard about the night of the CMA Awards, AJ told me all about it. The job itself isn’t all that, paperwork and pandering mostly ... The money lies in how you chaperone that one ...’
His eyes stayed on me, but the index finger on his left hand lifted to point at the young star, the one with the big smile on her face.
‘... Basically, I’ll be paying you shit loadsa money to look after her crazy ass ... I don’t want it broken, bashed or bruised ... You won’t be her bodyguard, you’ll be her advisor, her shoulder, her aide, her girlfriend even, and that’s about it ...’
Silence washed across the room, a warm silence, one that smelt of money. The triangle of faces let the words resonate around the old grey matter. Eyes focused on the window or the wall. Fingers fiddled with lips.
‘... Okay then,’ I shattered it with my voice, ‘how much money are we talking here, just out of interest?’
I was still staring out the window, eyes lost on the golden building within view.
‘Well ...’
Reedy leant forward onto his desk, his hands coming to clasp together. There was that smile again.
‘... I know you’re wealthy in your own right, probably have more money than I’ll see in my lifetime, and I wouldn’t want to insult you by knowing that fact and, so, seem to be a bast’d ...’
He paused for a second as his hands slowly rubbed together.
‘... To you, because it would be a favour to me ... I’ll pay you two hundred and fifty thousand dollars for this six week contract ...’
He fell silent. So did I. AJ was taking it all in.
‘... Let me get this right ...’ I wanted it confirmed in case I’d heard him wrong, ‘... You’d give me a quarter of a million bucks to babysit AJ for six weeks ... Is that what you’re telling me here?
Reedy looked straight at me and said one word.
‘... Yes ...’
I laughed again and then stopped. My eyes moved round to AJ’s expectant face, the smile still hanging on her young starlet lips. I chuckled and turned back to The Boss.
‘... Well, Mister Reed, I think you have yourself a deal, sir ... Where do I sign?’
~
‘Okay, okay ...What the hell’s going on in here? ... You can hear the bloody screaming from across the sodding lot ... AJ ...?’
I entered the tour bus to find Jade, Abby and Melissa at the door leading into AJ’s master suite. Melissa was the first to turn and speak.
‘AJ and Brett have had a real big fight ... I thought they were gonna rip each other’s faces off at one point ... Anyway, it got so nasty Jade and me had to pull him outta the bedroom cuz we thought he was gonna start beating on her. It was awful, Tee ... AJ crying and Brett being a real bast’d and shouting and cussing ... Now, AJ’s in there, crying her little heart out, and won’t open the door ... We’re worried about her ... Can ya help us out, please?’ Melissa pleaded, the anguish, a worried smear across her young face.
The girls moved to one side as I stepped forward, my hand coming to rest on the door before me.
‘AJ, honey, you okay? Will ya let me in, please? ... We’re all worried for you, Sweetie.’
I tried the handle, it didn’t turn, and all was still quiet within.
‘AJ, honey ... Speak to me ...’
I tried again, still no answer.
‘Wait a minute,’ I muttered, disappearing back out the door, Jade following behind.
‘What ya thinking?’ she asked, as I walked off up the side of the trailer and poked my head around the end checking something out.
‘I just had an idea ... It’s gotta be worth a shot at least,’ I replied, coming back, looking around me with my hands on my hips.
Into my eyeshot walked a group of guys, all heading back from the main stage, chatting as they cut through to the tuck truck. 
‘Curly,’ I called. ‘Can you give me a hand please, mate, literally?’
Over walked the tallest of the group, a heavy built gruff looking roady of the Canadian kind. He smiled down at me as he came to a halt before me.
‘Yoh, Tee ... How can I help?’ he grinned, his deep voice resonating through his chest.
‘I need ya assistance around the back of the trailer ... Follow me, please ...’
My head nodded towards the rear end of the huge house on wheels as I spoke. He caught up with me and we walked off together. Jade wanted in on it too, whatever it was, so followed along.
Stopping, I looked up to the small open window which sat above my head. This was the window for AJ’s shower room.
‘I need to get through that window, Curly ... Think you can lift me up and stuff me through it?’ I asked the big hunk of a man.
‘Don’t know,’ he replied. ‘But I’ll try for ya ... Here ...’
His fingers linked together to become a big, fleshy stirrup.
‘Stick ya foot in there and we’ll see what we can do,’ he smiled, his eyes a twinkly blue.
I leant against the end wall and did as he suggested. Looking up to my target, Curly lifted me as though I were a mere sack of feathers. A little higher and I reached the opening, Jade watching from the corner.
‘You okay there,’ he asked, my weight no effort for a man of his strength.
‘Urh, just a little bit more and I’m there,’ I said down to the burly bloke below.
‘Okay, but I gotta put a hand on ya ass, sorry,’ he laughed back, the thought of touching it making him chuckle to himself.
‘Go for it,’ I giggled, ‘just don’t squeeze too hard, okay.’
‘Nah,’ Curly replied, the laugh still tinting his voice, ‘ya ass is safe with me, Tee, ya know that ... I always got ya backside covered, don’t ya worry, girl. Here, lean on my shoulder so I can release ya foot from one of my hands ...’
I did as requested.
‘... Hey,’ I giggled, ‘it’s a great view from up here ... You aughta try it, Jade ... You can almost see as far as the gates ...’
‘You’re okay, Tee, knock yaself out though, enjoy it for me ... Looks like ya are anyway,’ she smiled up at the crazy woman trying to gain entry into AJ’s bathroom.
‘Ya ready for this? ... When ya finished sightseeing up there, that is?’ Curly asked. ‘Honey,’ he continued, ‘you might not be busy, but I got trucks to fill with musical equipment ... Some of us have jobs to do around here, ya know ...’
I looked down at the rugged face below.
‘... Yeah, sorry, I’m good to go when you are ...’
Curly planted a massive palm on my butt and, with one movement, he raised me into the air just enough for me to pull myself through the small opening and into the room beyond. Almost crashing down into the sink, I managed to land, head first, into the space between the huge shower cubicle and the eco-flush toilet.
‘Shit ...’ was all they heard from where they stood outside.
‘You okay, Tee?’ Curly called. ‘Hope ya ain’t broken nothing, yourself included, or that cute ass, in particular ...’
His chuckle, or rather the last five words said under his breath, was indeed heard through the wide open window.
‘Hey, I heard that and, yeah, I’m good ... And thank you, Curly, you’re a star ... I owe ya a beer for this, babes ...’
My face appeared again, my hair in my eyes and all over the place. I smoothed it down the best I could.
‘I think you can go pack trucks now, Curly ... I’m right where I needed to be ... Thanks again, sweetie,’ I smiled down at my human ladder, the sun closing my eyes slightly.
‘No probs, Tee, happy to be of service ... If ya need me again, and it’s got anything to do with touching ya be-hind, call me ... For anything else, give me a miss, okay,’ he laughed as he walked off in the direction of the tuck truck.
‘Okay,’ my laugh followed. ‘And I’m hoping, please God, there won’t be a next time ...’
‘Good,’ was called back from Curly as he vanished into the crowded parking lot.
‘I’ll go back inside, wait for ya in there, okay,’ Jade smiled up at me. ‘I’ll let the girls know what ya up to ... I’ll, hopefully, see you both in a bit ...’
I looked down at the pretty face below. ‘Yeah, fine ... Keep ya fingers crossed while ya do ... And wish me luck, I might need it,’ I grinned.
‘Yeah, good luck with that one ... Go show her who’s boss ... Maybe she’ll listen to you about that shithead, too ... Jeez, he’s such an asshole,’ Jade concluded, the face she made saying how she felt about Brett at that moment in time.
‘I’ll do my best ... See you in a bit,’ I ended with a blank expression, before my head disappeared back inside.

As the door to the bathroom opened a few inches I peeked into the sleeping quarters of the tour bus. With the total darkness blinds pulled down there was little light to see by. I closed my eyes for the count of twenty hoping, when I opened them again, I might be able to see a little better. I was right. It did help, quite a lot too.
Passing through it, and leaving the door ajar for the use of the daylight beyond, I moved towards the foetal mound curled up on the bed. I could just make out the sound of weeping coming from under one of the many pillows.
‘... AJ, AJ, it’s me ...’
I spoke as I crossed the empty space, hoping I didn’t trip and end up back on my arse again.
‘Go away ... I’m not in ... Didn’t ya read the damn sign?’ came the sad voice muffled by duck’s down.
‘AJ ... Talk to me ... I’m here now  ... And after everything I’ve suffered to get through that ...’
I was cut off.
‘Window ... Yeah, don’t I know it, I heard ya ... Ya made enough noise doing it ...’
AJ’s face appeared, tears still sitting in her eyes.
I walked to the one behind me and opened its vertical blind, beyond which hid all the sunlight.
‘... That’s better ... I can see ya now ... Oh, dear ...’
My voice was soft and caring, as though I were talking to a child who was poorly.
‘What, my face? I’m not surprised if I look a mess ... I blame that bast’d, Wolfram ... God, he’s such a shithead ...’
AJ sat up and rested her face against her pulled up knees. She looked so miserable.
‘I know he’s humping someone ... He’s a lying piece a shit, and I hate his God damn guts ... I’m hoping she gives him something that makes his dick drop off ...’
She was venting, that was obvious.
‘... So, come on ... Tell me what happened ...’
I sat on the edge of the bed, my arm supporting me as I leant towards AJ. The sad songster explained how the fight started, how she’d accused Brett of cheating, and how’d he’d hit the roof with her accusation. She’d called him a liar when he denied everything and, from there, it had spiralled into an all-out slanging match. Her face dropped as she turned to me.
‘I realised, today, I’m not who he wants at all.’
The light in her eyes made them look sad, sad enough to start weeping even.
‘I’ve tried to be her, whoever she is, I really have ... But I see it now, he just doesn’t love me ... It wasn’t me all along ...’
Her voice almost broke with her words. Somehow she kept it together. Her swallow was loud enough to hear.
‘I can’t do this anymore, Tee ... I hate the way he treats me ... He talks to my friends like they’re shit and, frankly, I don’t want to be near him, he makes me wanna scream ... It doesn’t matter anyhow ... He’s a cheating shithead and I’m done ...’
AJ turned away again, her voice dying in the light from the tour bus window.
My arms lifted to pull my sad friend towards me into a gentle hug. Holding my breath for a moment, my voice became almost a whisper.
‘AJ, if he’s cheating on you, I’ll find out about it soon enough, you can be sure of that ... But, if you’re wrong ... Well ...’
Pulling away, slightly, and placing my fingers under AJ’s chin, I turned it towards me, the look on my face softening along with my words.
‘Sweetie, when I see you two in each other’s company, and you’re happy and laughing, I’m envious of what you have, you’re so together you make the rest of us seem like real losers ... You do,’ I chuckled. ‘Let me try and talk to him ... He’s been pissed off all day about something ... And he’s obviously said a lot of things, in the heat of the moment, that he didn’t actually mean ... You know what he’s like, he’s a big child, men usually are, but you know that already, and he’s one of the best strop throwers I’ve ever seen ... Talk about bloody drama queen ... His are worse than Max’s ever were, and that’s saying something, really ...’
AJ chuckled, she knew I was right. She slowly started to feel a little better, and having me on her side was helping. She was so glad I’d taken the contract, and I was too, the sisterhood thing building bonds we hadn’t thought about before. Sitting there, and feeling the way she did over that jerk, she also knew she’d made a real good friend in me along the way.
The smiles that erupted to mirrored faces carried a girly giggle out of that tour bus toilet window, and off into the warmth of another glorious Canadian day.

I watched the new boy on stage, his stance, and the way he threw his head back as he belted out his power ballad.
‘Oh, my, God, that takes me back ... Shit, everybody wants to be another Max,’ I chuckled aloud to myself, my smile staying exactly where it was meant to be.
The camera came back up to my eye, as the viewfinder framed an image seen a lifetime ago. Max flicked a myriad of memories behind that one closed eye, and still my smile remained.
Hatch appeared at my side, motioning a drinker’s hand, his head nodding toward the lounge to the rear of the stage. As he exited I tagged along behind, minding the coiled cables and flight boxes piled in stacks to one side.
Familiar faces mingled about and chatted in groups, the girlfriends, the crew, the management, the usual list of names. They all nodded hellos as Joey and I appeared from the steps, the smiles and bright eyes evidence of the weed and caine floating about. The weed was obvious, there’s no mistaking that aroma.
Hatch steered me off in another direction, the frustration starting to show on his face as he walked me out to the back lot, he needed a quiet word or two. He still hadn’t said anything, his lips pulled tight over his teeth. It sounded like he was swearing under his breath.
‘Hatch, what’s up, mate?’
I looked up at the face that was very white all of a sudden.
‘I’ve just seen something, and I don’t think I should’ve seen it ... Get me?’
He said it round the corner of the trailer, as we come to a stop away from the public eye.
‘Okay, whatever it was you dropped, it’s just starting to kick in ... Was it acid, again?’
I stood grinning at him. He was still checking around the trailer’s corner.
‘Nah, no drugs, Tee ... But I just saw AJ’s boy doing his thang with that Trish chick ... Dude, what do I do?’
Hatch sounded almost excited about the revelation but didn’t like knowing it.
‘Holy shit, where did you catch them at it? ... Not in AJ’s trailer, please, God?’
My hand came up to cover my mouth, disbelief settling over my face.
‘I was taking a short cut round the back of the trailers, at the far side of the lot. As I came to the back of Brett’s I heard his voice, he was giving it up to someone ... Then I recognised the other gob ... It was Nick’s misses, Trisha, no doubt about it, I swear, Tee,’ he confessed, his hand swiping the sweat from his top lip, his eyes flicking back to look at me.
‘Shit, AJ was right then.’
My mind was whirring.
‘I’ll kill him,’ I said, almost to myself, ‘the stupid little shit ... Oh, bollocks, tits an arse ...’
Facing the rear of the stage, and thinking fast, my eyes came round to rest on Hatch.
‘Okay, okay, leave this with me ... I gotta think this one through before acting on it ... Oh, God, now I know what the hell do I do with it? ... Bollocks and bloody hell, damn him, the bast’d ...’
I turned this way and that, the millions of horrid scenarios already forming in my head. Stopping with my hand over my eyes the cogs swept into action.
‘Right, Hatch, keep this one to yourself, I’ll deal with this ... Don’t tell a bloody soul, if this gets out the shit will really hit the fan, big time ... I gotta go ... Catch ya later.’
And with that I patted his arm and spun away to go do what I had to do. Seems I had an errant shithead to locate first. Damn, how was I going to approach him without a punch in the mouth? Well, they did say I’d never get bored when I signed the contract.

Walking into the tuck-truck, my eyes scanned it for Brett. He was stood talking to Chief about something in the corner, heads close together, voices not heard over the buzz of so many. I ambled over and poured myself a black coffee, topped it off with a large Jack, and turned to the table behind me.
Joey’s eyes settled on my face and his usual grin appeared.
‘Hello, sweet-cheeks, what you at then? ... Did Niall catch up with ya? Said something about sorting some flights out for him ... Ya seen him yet?’
‘Yep, all sorted,’ I smiled, my eyes flicking over to Brett and back again. ‘Have you seen Hatch on ya travels at all? I need a quick chat with him, if you do come across him ... I’m working with Gayn later, tell him,’ I finished.
‘Okay, no probs ... You coming over to Bill’s this evening, by the way? He’s unpacked all his tables and chairs ... Looks like McCall’s on a Saturday night in that gazebo now. Fancy a few beers, or Jacks, or both even?’
The light in his eyes sparkled as he listened to his own words. I chuckled at the expression on his face.
‘Yeah, I’m up for that, you nutter ... You’re funny with a bad case of red-eye too ... Bong on the go tonight, is it?’ I laughed.
‘Might be,’ he grinned in reply, the laugh running a line down the table of crew. ‘I’m grabbing Hatch and Sago at about nine; half past ... Ya want us to come get ya about then?’
‘Sounds like a plan, dude, I should be finished by then ... Once AJ goes on I have a bit of spare time before the madness begins again, as ever ...’
‘Sweet, we’ll grab ya on passing then ...’
Joey stood as his sentence ended and Roy appeared at the end of the table.
‘Joey ... Hand with Brett’s guitars, please, mate ...’
I followed him to the doors, coffee mug in hand.
‘Have ya heard from Stevie?’ I asked. ‘I was wondering if he’d called ya yet ... You know, about what’s happing with the memorial for Max ...’
The sunlight made us both squint for a few seconds, my hand coming up to shield my eyes.
‘Nah, but that doesn’t mean anything, ya know the bloke never stops, Tee. Him and his Ma will be sorting something out in your absence ... They know the job ya do ... You’ll see.’
Walking off across the lot, he turned once.
‘Catch ya at Gayn’s later ... Don’t work too hard,’ he laughed, and then was lost to the trucks, the tour buses and the madness of a mobile city.

At 9:30 that evening AJ walked out onto the stage of the Saddledome in Calgary, the last night of her three date gig that had seen the place packed to its gills. The noise always amazed me, the sea of faces taking me back to the tours with Max and the boys, how I’d loved that buzz.
I’d sat with Gayn and sorted out all of AJ’s dietary demands for the tour ahead, a list that took a little over an hour to revue, but was soon done and dusted. Part of my job was to make sure the starlet was placated in every way imaginable, from costumes to cupcakes, the manual seemed endless.
AJ had been calm, calmer than I had thought she might be, but as soon as she took her mike and entered stage right, she was a different person again. I’d kissed her cheek and hugged her, as a mother would, and wished her luck, our hands parting as she skipped over cables to go entertain her adoring hordes.
I looked at my watch, I had an hour and a half before AJ finished, enough time to sink a few, I thought, as I walked off in search of Hatch or Joey.
Melissa and Jade would be stage left to help AJ with her costume changes, Abby on the side-lines to fix hair and make-up. AJ was a bright kid really, giving her best friends three of the best jobs. She didn’t tour without those girls. The four of them had been together since their teens, the pacts between them over a decade old
I smiled as Joey walked towards me.
‘Hey, I managed to finish earlier than expected ... We still having that drink as promised?’ I asked, as we ambled to a stop.
‘Yep, I’m just searching for the mighty Hatch ... Ya seen him on your travels at all?’ he asked, his hands in his front pockets as usual.
‘Nope, just, literally, stuffed AJ on the stage ... I’m now a free woman till eleven o’clock, let’s see where that takes me, aye,’ I smiled, the thought of a cold beer settling into my thirsty mind.
Joey stepped from one foot to another as though the tarmac beneath his feet was melting the soles of his boots, his eyes in shade on one side of his face.
‘Well, you head over to Bill’s ... I’ll find Hatch and Sago in the tuck truck probably ... We’ll see ya there in a bit, okay,’ Joey smiled, his eyes looking in the vehicles direction as he spoke.
‘Yep, see ya there then,’ I replied. ‘Ooh, Joey,’ I turned as I walked away, talking as I ambled backwards across the lot, ‘have you seen Brett at all? ... I haven’t seen him about, have you?’ 
Joey didn’t turn as he answered, saying it as though speaking aloud to himself.
‘Yeah, he’s over at Bill’s now ... Been in there since he came off stage, smoking weed and talking shit.’
Only his face turned my way eventually, the spotlight above him revealing the smirk on his face.
‘... I don’t like him, Tee, he’s a dick ...’
‘Mmm, yes, well ... So,’ I replied, as I turned to go, ‘see ya there then,’ I said, almost to myself, but not quite. ‘... Gotta go ... I think I need a large one before I die of Rock Star overload ...’
I walked off towards the party spot with the laughter and the Jack in abundance.

Entering the huge gazebo I was confronted by a collection of crew and faces from the day. Chief, Curly, Shane, Nevi, Sonny and a myriad of partially pissed people turned with greetings as I surveyed the large tent. I walked towards the makeshift bar running down one side, Trudy smiled as my hands came to rest on its top.
‘Hey, Tee, what ya wanting?’ she asked, looking at my unsmiling face.
‘What ya got?’
‘Well, there’s Jack, Voddy and Cuervo Gold in the liquor department ... And we got some Kilkenny, Bud and Guinness if ya want something to add to that,’ Trudy smiled.
I grinned for the first time since entering the overpopulated space.
‘Nice, spoilt for choice, I like it ... Give me two shots, one Jack, one Cuervo, and I’ll take a Kilkenny too, please ... Thanks ...’
Trudy turned away. ‘No problem, coming right up ...’
The drinks appeared in a little line on the top before me. The Jack was dropped into my mouth first, a day of dust washed partly down my dry throat. This was followed by several swigs from my plastic beaker of beer, the taste of the afternoon finally being replaced with something more palatable.
Standing with my pint in hand I looked around at all the people sat at tables and loitering around the edges. The loud guffawing led my eyes to a group in the corner. Sat amongst a party of eight was Brett, his face pasty, his eyes red, wedged between Nick and Trisha, laughing at what the little troupe were discussing. I was about to take a walk over when Joey, Sago and Hatch entered, Sago’s loud laugh heard over the waffle and banter. They headed towards me still stood at the bar.
‘Yoh, sweet-cheeks, how’s it hanging?’ Joey leant in for a hello peck to cheek, Hatch following behind, Sago with a raised hand as his hi.
‘Better for a beer ... My stomach was starting to think my throat had been cut ‘cause it hadn’t seen a drink all day,’ I smiled, as Hatch and the others put in their orders. ‘Hatch, when ya get a second, I need a quiet word, mate ...’
Hatch was just taking control of his beer as he turned to me, the first mouthful gratefully received.
‘Yep, sure ... Let me get me Jack and I’ll be right with ya,’ he almost smiled, he knew what was coming.
Crew came and went, people mingled around the bar, all of them glad their day was nearly over. Bill was lost in conversation with the very pretty Caz, who was part of the backing group for Brett. She was smiling as she politely rebuffed Bill’s advances. I clocked the comings and goings as I waited for Hatch to sink his shot. He turned as the empty glass came to rest back on the bar.
‘I’m all yours, Tee ... Ya wanna talk in here or outside?’
My eyes moved to his tanned face.
‘Outside, I think, it’s probably a better idea ... It won’t take long, promise,’ I smiled, sinking the Cuervo I had in my hand.
The shot glass was placed on the bar next to Hatch’s, my tongue licking my lips, reclaiming the taste one more time.
‘Cool ... After you,’ Hatch smiled back, his hand indicating the path to the exit.
Another warm Calgary evening was waiting for us to join it. The sliver of moon hung on a backdrop of navy blue, the patchwork of stars tiny torches sparking a rainbow of different colours within them. Before us the combined dirge from the stage and arena sounded fresh and alive, the crowd and music becoming one continuous noise. Behind us, in the large white tent, the laughter and chatter reinforced the sign of the drink and narcotics being passed about.
My hand reached into my shirt pocket to produce a spliff I’d rolled when sat with Gayn. Searching my lighter out, I raised it to the end and sparked up, the smell wafting across the front of Hatch, his smile slowly starting to bloom.
‘Ya know what I’m gonna say, don’t ya?’
I turned on the spot where we’d stopped, my beer in one hand, the other holding my smoke.
‘I’m gonna tell girly about you know what ... It’s the only way ... At least she gets to hear it from me and not some asshole on the lot.’
I took a pull and blew the ash from the glowing end.
‘Is that wise?’ Hatch asked, as his eyes flicked briefly to the tent behind us then back again. ‘She’s not gonna like hearing it, not from you, not from anyone ... She’s gonna freak, ain’t she? ... Do ya reckon she’ll start a scrap, maybe punch shithead in the face?’
He took a swig from his warm Bud, a sly smile just hanging on the edge of his lips. After a second he continued.
‘I wouldn’t wanna be in your shoes when that little gem comes tumbling out ... Good luck, pal ...’
He took the offered joint and smiled as he relished the slow pull.
‘Well, what’s the worst that can happen? She hits me?’ I asked. ‘Maybe she’ll just dump his crappily useless cheating arse and moves on ... Nah, I gotta do it ... I’d hate to think I knew and then have it transpire from another gob, I’d never forgive myself, Hatch ...’
My face was serious for a change, the soft light showing I really did care about AJ.
‘Jeez, ya take some crap, don’t ya ... Not only do ya make sure every aspect of that girls touring life is covered, ya watch out for her and make sure she’s placated to the hilt ... How much do ya get paid? ... Not enough, by the sounds of it ...’
Hatch was stating the obvious.
‘She is my charge ... I feel responsible for her ... She’s just a kid, this shouldn’t be happening to her ... He’s a cheating little wanker and she should know about it ... If you were in her shoes, wouldn’t you want me to say something to you?’
I sort of made sense, Hatch knew that. He passed me the joint whilst exhaling a stream of scented smoke.
‘Yeah, I guess I would, ya right, you being my chick-friend and all ... Are ya gonna have words with Brett first or leave it? ... If ya gonna tell her, why bother approaching that little twat?’
‘I’m gonna leave him to it, I think ... He ain’t worth wasting my bloody breath, is he? Arh, fuck him, he ain’t my concern, AJ is ... She’s all that really matters here, right!’
I finished my beer and looked at my watch. It was just coming up for 10:05 p.m. Where the hell had that last half hour gone?
‘Come on,’ Hatch said, ‘I’ll get ya another beer, they’ll be wondering where we are ... Don’t want ‘em starting rumours about us, do we? ... Besides, you’re too old for me, anyway,’ he chuckled as his arm came to rest around my shoulders.
I laughed as I flicked the roach across the space before me. We turned to head back to the flap, the voices beyond as loud as they were as we left.
‘Thanks,’ I replied. ‘I love you too, ya huge chunk of happiness, you ...’

The next hour was spent talking to a myriad of people. We laughed and chatted about the tour to come, how the first night had gone, and all the gremlins and glitches that had been eradicated. Bill wandered over and poured us all Cuervo from his new Tequila bottle belt, the shot glasses hanging in little leather loops. Faces came and went as the minutes waddled by, the tent emptying as the end of Show Time loomed in ten.
Brett was still sat at the furthest table from the door. On one occasion, when I looked over, both he and Trisha had vanished leaving Nick in conversation with his other band members. At this point Brett was almost blind from his overall consumption, he’d been in there, drinking, for the last couple of hours or, at least, since he came off stage with the first support band.
I was just about to split, my time of drinking over. AJ was due to come off stage and she liked me being there for her when she did, a drink and a smoke in each hand ready for her. She always looked so rinsed, having given the crowd the best of herself, but it was how AJ liked it, and who was I to argue.
My empty shot glass had just come to land on the bar when I heard loud voices over the hubbub around me. Turning I gazed in the same direction as several others. I looked at Hatch and pulled a pained face. I recognised the voice. It was AJ’s, and it was coming our way, loud and live. I looked at my watch. AJ had finished five minutes early. No twenty minute encore that night then.
‘... WHERE THE FUCK ARE THEY ... I’ll fucking kill ‘em ... I’ll kill ‘em both ...’ was heard just as the flap was ripped open.
AJ stomped in, her three girls in tow holding back a little. By the look on her face, and the words that had been spat from her mouth, only one thing showed and one thing only. She knew. Someone had told her.
‘Yeah ... I thought ya’d all be hiding in here, ya fucking waste a space ...’
She stood in the opening, flap still clenched in her fist.
‘YEAH, YOU ... YA CHEATING MOTHERFUCKERS,’ was screamed across the space that lay between her and the corner table.
All heads turned in that direction, Hatch’s, Sago’s, Joey’s and mine included. Some ducked out the other flap, some stayed right where they were. This was going to light the night up and no mistaking.
A few bodies moved away from Brett as AJ pushed through towards her target, her eyes on fire, her jaw set as if wired shut, her teeth gritted and her lips pulled back a little. Nobody said a word, least of all Brett. He was so pissed he couldn’t see that far anyway. Everyone at Brett’s table had the look of rabbits in headlights. Their silence continued as she grew nearer.
‘Ya piece a shit ... Ya just couldn’t help yaself, could ya? But I guess ya fucking did anyway,’ she sneered.
Turning to face Nick she continued.
‘I don’t know if you’re aware, but ya wife here has been humping the asshole on legs you’re sat next to ...’ she was pointing at Brett swaying in his seat, ‘... How do I know this? ... They were seen ... Up against the back wall of your trailer, screwing, about forty minutes ago, while I was singing my lungs out, and you were sat here, swigging piss warm beer, chatting shit to ya so called friends.’
Trish tried to defend herself, the tears springing into her eyes as everyone stared and listened.
Nick, at this point, rose like thunder from his plastic chair, his angry eyes flicking from Trisha to Brett.
‘What the ...?’
Suddenly he was listening.
‘Yeah,’ AJ continued, still looking at the redheaded woman whose face was ashen, ‘try fucking denying it ... I’ll rip ya fucking face off, ya flea infested lump of white-trash, go on, I fucking dare ya.’
Trish went to speak again but was sent dumb by the words from her husband as he stood looking down at her.
‘... You lousy bitch ... And after what ya said, last time ... Well, ya dumb ho, that was your last time ... I told ya to get smart, not go fuck somebody else ... And him,’ he pointed at Brett, ‘of all fucking people ... Why ya have to go and do the lead singer of my fucking band? ... You asshole ...’
Nick turned and pushed passed those behind him, he stopped once to speak back at her.
‘... Ya got an hour to get ya shit outta my bus and then we’re done ... Walk, drive, run, I don’t give a rat’s ass, just get the fuck away from me and stay away ... I swear, if I see ya face again, and it’s near me, don’t be surprised if I take to smashing it in ... Got me?’
As his words died over the heads of others, he made his exit. He was done talking.
I saw what was coming. I moved before anyone else did, the gap between AJ and I shrinking as I drew nearer, the words from Trisha my reason for action. You know that shit and that fan, well, they were just about to get jiggy with it.
Trisha’s face changed as she looked up at AJ.
‘Ya need to back the fuck off, right now ... It’s all your fault anyway ... If ya hadn’t been such a useless lay he wouldn’t have come sniffing round me now, would he?’
The words were bad enough, but the grin that followed was the match to the fuel.
Five, four, three, two and one...
There was a weird noise building up in AJ’s throat. It was the roar that was about to be unleashed with the movement towards the woman she was about to rip to bits with her hateful hands. Brett hadn’t moved, in fact, he was almost falling off his chair, the whole event seen through a whiskey wash and weed-green haze.
In a motion as quick as lightening, AJ’s fingers imbedded themselves into Trisha’s red wiry locks, so as to slam her face into the table before her.
Finally reaching her through the gathered crowd, I tried to get my arms around AJ’s hoping to hold them down, but the girl was as slippery as a bloody eel. By the time Hatch was in attendance I’d been elbowed in the head several times, those windmill arms of her’s still causing damage.
Everybody winced as AJ’s fist was deployed to smash into Trisha’s bleeding nose. The poor woman didn’t know what had just hit her. As Brett tried to focus, Trish slid from her chair to become a heap, squirming on the floor. Brett’s head slowly turned to see the gruesome mound beside him.
Hatch was the man of the moment. He managed to get into the fray, his burly arms having the strength to lift AJ up and away from the table of blood and gore.
Trish was left behind, in no state to save herself. Too much Tequila and three lines of caine had reduced her speed to that of a sloth’s. She was screwed.
‘Get the fuck off me ... I ain’t finished with her,’ AJ squealed as she was raised in arms of steel. ‘... And that rancid dog needs putting down, once and for all ... THE SACK OF SHIT ... I’ll give her useless lay, the poisonous pack of ... LET ME GO ...’
I led the way, heading towards the girls still standing by the open flap. Hatch struggled with the crazy chick squirming and spitting insults across the tent, her head thrashing around nearly smashing into his.
‘... And he’s finished too ... YA HEAR ... FINISHED ... YA SHITHEAD ...’
AJ’s voice climbed higher in pitch as the crowd watched in awe. They were all loving it, it was way better than Reality TV. As we headed out into the lot a comment was heard from someone by the door.
‘Jeez, did that make for some good watching or what? ... Ya reckon there’ll be repeats of this one? ... Hey, did any of ya get that on your phone?’

AJ turned on the guy she just couldn’t abide to be near anymore and calmly said, ‘Brett Wolfram, I can’t stand to see ya shitty face anymore, and I think I probably hate ya more than I do that stupid song ya think is so good ...’ the so being dragged out, and the sarcasm shining brighter than the orb above her. ‘You can take this stupid ring too, and shove it where the sun never sees the light ... Preferably in a place where ya might choke to death ... Slowly ...’
The large diamond ring was wiggled from her jeans pocket and thrown at the guy stood by the doorway to her new tour bus.
‘Oh,’ she continued, ‘and get all ya lousy crap outta my bus, then do one and die ... Ya wanna be a bitch to me and my girlfriends, you can go stick ya ugly mouth around ya favourite barrel then ask your little girlfriend to pull the damn trigger, cuz you is dead to me now, ya sad little loser ...’
The loud clapping came from inside the bus, her girlfriends applauding the speech they’d all wanted to vocalise. The current situation was the outcome of a string of offenses that had been perpetrated over the last month or so. AJ wasn’t ever going to forgive the cheating Brett had committed with Trisha. AJ had nearly lost it, big time, the night before. She remembered calling Trisha white-trash and had so wanted to start an all-out catfight. Thank God Hatch and I had been there to stop that before it had turned into a bout of swinging fists and mass hair removal.
‘Ya dumb bitch, ya think you’re something without me ...’ Brett retorted, his face a blotchy wash of distaste.
He was trying to claw back some ground, the one that had just fallen away from under his feet.
‘... You’re such a fucking dope ... And a lousy lay, while I think of it ... Dump me, I wouldn’t stay with you even if ya shat Lamborghinis on a daily basis ... Call yaself a singer ... I heard better vocals out of a heifer having its head ripped off by a fucking chainsaw ... Ya can’t sing for shit, ya sad lame excuse for pussy ... I hope ya die fucking poor, right back where ya came from ... Fuck you, ya fucking hick ...’
Brett walked back onto the bus to retrieve what gear of his still remained. AJ could hear him shouting insults but was stood in the open, arms crossed, waiting for him to get it and go. He’d picked up the ring before heading towards the open door. When he reappeared he was still muttering to himself.
‘... Fucking asshole ... Yeah, you ...’
It was now aimed at AJ again.
‘... Yeah, that’s right, you, ya vindictive little prick-teaser ... I hope I never see ya damn ugly face again ... Ya make me wanna slap you so hard ... Stay away from me, ya crazy moron,’ he bitched as he moved off towards his trailer, which was parked over the other side of the lot, thank the Gods.
‘... Me, a little prick-teaser! ... Have ya even looked at what you were fucking? ... Yeah, well, at least my damn eyes are level ... Unlike her’s, cuz she’s too inbred, the fucking hillbilly ... Go fuck yaself, or her, or her Momma, and die doing it, YA SAD EXCUSE FOR A DICK ... WHICH AIN’T AS BIG AS YA THINK IT IS ... HA,’ AJ shouted across the open lot, giving back what she got.
Again came the loud clapping. She turned to see her girlfriends had emptied onto the steps to watch him leave. The smiles and whoops of glee probably heard across the lot to Brett’s door, or at least that’s what they were hoping. Taking a bow before them, the clapping was as loud as ever.
Jade stepped down from the bus, still laughing, and slung an arm around AJ’s neck.
‘Wow, ya put that piece of crap back in his place ... So ... Did that feel good or what?’
AJ dropped her folded arms, one coming to rest at Jade’s waist.
‘Jeez, that was like the verbal detox of the year ... He’s such a sack of crap ... You’ll see, give it a month and he’ll be singing about cheap trainers in a shopping mall stuck somewhere in the back of my ass ... And I hope I’m there to through bricks at him ... Mark my words ... That douchebag will die a very public death ... And I will laugh my damn panties down while I watch ...’
‘... And I’ll be right there with ya throwing them there chunks of pain, baby girl,’ Jade replied, laughing. ‘Now, fuck him, let’s go get pissed to celebrate ... What ya say?’
AJ’s face turned with a big smile aglow from her victory.
‘I say that’s the best thing I heard all day ... Tequila? ... Jack? ... What’s ya flavour?’ she asked her friend.
‘Well, now ya talking ... Let’s start on the Tequila, then maybe a few Jacks to wash them down ... We’re defo on the same page now, ya feisty little ass-kicker,’ Jade laughed in reply. ‘Okay ... So ... Last one to the bottles gets to give Brett the Bitch a hot chilli blow-job ...’
The race was on, both sprung for the bus door together, the others retracting so as not to be killed in the crush. They jostled and giggled to make it to the bar, both hands reaching for a different taste in liquor. It was, in fact, a photo finish.

The rest of AJ’s Crying Shame Canadian Tour was pretty uneventful. We’d arrive at another city, play another two or three nights then be gone come a new tomorrow, the mobile city up and at ‘em with the coming of the dawn.
It turned out that Abby had seen Brett and Trish together. She’d popped back to AJ’s trailer to find her foundation but had found a little more than that. As she cut back through the rear of the lot she’d caught sight of Brett hurrying around Nick’s tour bus. Being nosey, she followed. As soon as she heard the girly giggles she worked it out. Quickly bobbing her head round and back confirmed everything. Brett was doing what Brett wasn’t meant to be doing. 
I took loads of photos as AJ did her thing, the crowd’s adoration a sight to see. The tracks from her new album were played to death, every face in every arena knowing them verbatim. The days cruised by as the miles sped under multiple wheels, and everyone worked their guts out. By the time we hit Toronto, and the last nights of the tour, I was feeling the strain.
Brett and AJ spent as little time as they could in each other’s company, staying as far apart as possible, which suited everyone involved. I was asked to release a statement to the press explaining their relationship was over, which I did. As AJ’s support band, Brett had to keep his trap shut and suck it up, the experience was priceless, this AJ knew. There couldn’t be any shows of animosity or hatred, it was bad for publicity, or so they were told by their management companies. So, on it went, them avoiding each other, and me trying to keep the peace.
Nick had thrown Trisha from his tour bus the day after the shit hit the fan. He’d almost added to her bloody nose, only being stopped by one of the crew. He quit the band once they all returned home, no one could blame him. Trish wasn’t missed at all, but Nick’s absence was. He’d been one of the good guys, and hadn’t deserved that crap, not after forgiving Trisha when her first affair had nearly killed him.
Soon enough it was over. Everyone sighed in relief, me especially. My contract done and dusted, I was free to go. The last night always has the best piss-up afterwards. Every member of the crew had been awaiting its arrival. It was held in The Ritz-Royal Hotel in Toronto and the drinks flowed free all night long.
‘Well, thank fuck that’s over ... Cheers ...’ I saluted to those around me.
I was stood with Hatch, Joey and Teatoe, the drinks sliding down relieved throats, the journey home a day away.
‘Cheers, ya bunch of mad bast’ds ... I’m gonna miss you all, not,’ Teatoe replied, as he wandered off in the direction of the bar, another drink needed.
‘What ya got planned next then, Tee? There anything on the horizon, or are ya just gonna wallow in ya pit for the next month or so?’ Joey enquired, watching Teatoe making his exit for the bar, Hatch following for another free round, courtesy of The Powers That Be.
‘I just want to get home now ... It’s been, let’s say, an experience, but I don’t think I’ll take another contract ... Not like this one, not again, ever,’ I laughed, taking a sip of Jack. ‘Nah, I wanna see my dawg,  my horses and my gorgeous little nephew ... And the others, of course, be at home, chill out, you know the sort of thing ... Anyway, I’ll see you and Hatch again soon ... We have Max’s memorial happening, you’ll be over for that, won’t you?’ I asked.
‘God, yeah, we’ll be there ... We’re staying at the lodge as far as I know ... Then it’s home, back to Blighty for a while, feet on home turf sounds great to me, darlin,’ he smiled.
‘Well, not long now then ... Sounds good, home turf ... I might try to get over later this year, you know, catch up with what’s left of the family, check the house hasn’t burnt down, see what’s what.’
I chatted as I watched associates mingle about, faces I’d come to respect, others I couldn’t stand to be near.
‘Have ya seen AJ? She looks so wasted ... Bet she’s glad it’s over. Wonder what she’s got planned next ... There might be another Yank tour next year ... Fancy doing this all over again, Stateside?’ Joey laughed.
‘Fuck no, never, never ever ... I’m done with tour buses and food from a crappy truck, as nice as it’s been ... Nah, I’ll miss some of the guys but that’s about it ... Time to hang up my access all areas passes I think ... I’m done with this kinda crap, Joey, what about you? Ya think you’ll take another contract with AJ if she does tour next summer?’
My grey eyes held his as I spoke, the lighting above giving his a bright sparkle.
‘I don’t know ... Haven’t really thought about it yet ... Yeah, maybe, depends ... I enjoy it, always do ... This one wasn’t as good as touring with the lads, you know, Max and the others ... I miss those days, Tee ... Always will ...’
Joey finished his drink, the empty glass sitting in his huge fingers. It looked small and fragile.
‘... But, for now ... I’m on holiday till further notice ... Besides, you never know, I might win the bloody lottery next week,’ he chuckled.
‘Ha, I wish you well with that one ... Just remember, apparently, money doesn’t buy happiness, or love, Joey,’ I smiled, my eyes back to roaming the room.
‘Don’t buy happiness? Fuck off ... If I had loads of money at my disposal I’d be bloody happy alright ... Happier than a big fat pig in a pile of lovely stinky shit ... And I would wallow every day of my fucking life ... And it would be good,’ he laughed back at me.
Hatch appeared carrying a round of drinks for the three of us.
‘Have I missed anything good?’ he grinned. ‘Who’s it you bitching about now? Anyone I know?’
‘Nah, we were just saying about our plans ... I was explaining to sweet cheeks here what it would be like if I had shit loads of money,’ Joey replied, taking the offered drink from Hatch’s hand.
‘Shit loads of money, aye ... Now, that would be nice. I’d take early retirement an become a beach-bum in Hawaii, have me one of them little shacks on the strip in Wailea, see my days out fishing and being a real lazy git ... Arh, sounds like bloody heaven,’ Hatch smiled, the thought giving him a faraway gaze.
‘Yeah, I can see ya, there, doing that,’ Joey chortled, ‘and you, half naked in a grass skirt ... The picture in my head is enough to give me bloody nightmares for the foreseeable ... Especially with that beer gut ...’
Hatch gently patted the protrusion hanging over his belt with his palm.
‘Hey, that’s solid muscle that,’ he protested.
‘Solid muscle, my arse,’ Joey, chuckled back. ‘More like a solid beer baby, ya fat sod.’
The laugh that followed was loud enough to turn a few heads.
‘Bollocks to you ... I don’t need to take this from a hairy mammoth ... Up ya cludge,’ Hatch replied, walking off to join another group, leaving us to entertain ourselves once more.
‘Nice one, Joey ... How not to make friends and influence people ... Ever thought about a job in Public Relations? ... Well, after witnessing that, if I were you, I wouldn’t bother,’ I chuckled, watching as Hatch sauntered away, his two fingers being raised in Joey’s direction as he left.
‘Well, after that, and his lovely hand signal there, shall we go have a nice little spliff? I have two in my inside pocket, as I speak,’ Joey grinned, patting his jacket, indicating the treasures within, ‘and they are screaming to be lit ... Let’s adjourn to the gardens, and the lovely night air, before the smell of bullshit in here makes me heave ... Shall we?’
His arm came to my back as we walked towards the doors and the landscaped area beyond.
It was indeed a stunning night. As we appeared into the open space I clocked AJ with the girls. They were all very pissed.
‘Looks like they’re enjoying themselves,’ I commented, my head nodding in their direction, a smile forming on my lips.
Joey turned as he lit his smoke, passing the other one to me.
‘Arh, to be young again, aye ... Ha, give it half an hour and they’ll all have their heads in those very plush bogs in there, bet ya five bucks,’ he added to the evening’s sounds.
‘Oh, without a doubt ... But then they do have handbags with them ... Those girls don’t need a bog when they have them ... Why d’ya think they keep them empty?’ I laughed, watching them staggering and giggling at their own antics.
‘Like I said,’ Joey reconfirmed. ‘Oh, to be young again ...’
‘Why, what ya saying? Do you know about that then?’ I looked at him and laughed again. ‘Did you used to do that too, Joey? ... Puke in your fancy handbag ...’
‘No, ya cheeky cow ... I was talking about getting pissed, as you well know ... Jeez, you’re funny, ain’t ya ... I’m glad you’re my mate, I wouldn’t want to be ya bloody enemy, and that’s the truth ...’
His finger came up to poke me in the arm as I took a pull.
‘Shut ya face or I’ll take that joint back, ya rotten sod ... My fancy handbag ... If I had one on me I’d be hitting ya with it by now ...’
He tried to be serious but, with the drink and the smoke, he couldn’t keep a straight face.
‘Ooh, handbags at dawn, aye,’ I retorted. ‘Beware, pal, I’m a crack shot with a bag, I’ll have you know ...’
The smoke had started to take effect. I was starting to enjoy my night at long last.
‘Yeah, and not such a bad shot with ya fists either ... Don’t forget, I’ve seen you in action, ya feisty little hooligan ...’
Joey remembers me taking a brunette out with a lovely right hook.
‘Yeah, well, she deserved it ... Rubbing herself all over my Max ... And him letting her ... There’s two that got off lightly ...’
I was recalling the night in question. It was funny to look back on, but it wasn’t so comical at the time.
‘She didn’t though, did she, Tee?’
He finished his smoke, the roach being sent into a dark patch of garden, the disappearing trail resembling a comet passing at low level.
‘... The blood all over the dance floor proved that ...’
‘There wasn’t much ... And she still had all her teeth come the end of the night, didn’t she?’ I sneered, with a glint in my eye.
‘Yeah, she did ... Only cuz Stevie removed ya from the scene ... Just like I had to her, over there, when it all kicked off in Calgary ...’
Joey’s head made movements towards AJ. I knew what he meant.
‘... Glad I didn’t have to pick you up and carry you outside. Ya gotta hand it to him for taking charge of ya that night ... You were going mental ... Jesus, woman, ya scared the crap outta me ... Talk about insane in the bloody membrane ...’
‘It was a good night all round then, aye,’ I giggled as my roach sailed away into the same sea of darkness as Joey’s had. ‘You know me, Joey ... Never do anything by halves ...’
‘Bloody tell me about it ... How Max put up with ya sometimes, I just don’t bloody know ... What was it he used to call ya, the damn crazy woman?’ he chuckled, the last four words said in a crap Canadian accent.
‘That was one of my pet names, yes ... He called me other stuff too ... Some of which I shan’t repeat,’ I said, a few of them coming to mind as we stood talking, the light in my eyes changing slightly.
‘I don’t want to know, but I can imagine,’ he smiled back. ‘Ya know, Max would’ve enjoyed tonight ... Everyone on form, a few drinks, a few laughs ... Yeah, a Max type night, just how he liked them ...’
My eyes came up slowly to look at his face in the soft lights.
‘Yeah, ya right there, Joey, Max would’ve fitted in lovely here tonight ... Mmm, miss him in a heartbeat ...’
Us two friends, the tall and the not so tall, stood and admired the ending of another tour. Joey, staring at the cute little arses that wandered about, and me, who was still missing the one that should have been stood there with me, we would always be buddies.
As the night became day, all fell quiet over that pleasant place, no puke filled handbags appeared, no fights and no screaming matches. As I fell into my waiting bed I relived some of the good ole days, the ones I missed, the ones I’d shared with my lovely Max.
~
The drive up into the mountains couldn’t have come at a better time. Though autumn touched the sky and all that lay before me, I knew I was going home. I could feel the pull of the thread that never broke. That proverbial tie of a lifetime was never going to end. Sadness sat in my eyes remembering I slept through the first time I travelled that road. How time flies and, wow, what a journey. By the time the trail of memories played out, I was pulling into the drive leading to the lodge, and there it stood, a world away.
My usual spot was available, always left empty just in case. Looks like the guys were in, trucks and rides all in a neat little row, just one was missing, Max’s. Parking on the piss, as I always did, I grabbed my bag and headed up the steps to be greeted by the best view in the world. Out over tree tops and down to the meadow and beyond, as far as the eye could see, the flatlands hidden behind peeks and towns.
Turning the big brass knob, I walked into the den to be confronted by the smell of Max himself. It was funny how that always brought a tear to my eyes. It was as if he were still there somewhere, about to appear from the games room or the library. Sadly, not that day, and not on any day to come, but he was still there, in every inch of that place. I reflected on the day I wanted to burn it down and leave its ashes to the wind. Was that nearly a year ago already?
Dumping my stuff on the corner couch, I wandered off into the games room, nothing new there then. Jack in abundance, as it should be. Some was added to a glass, mixer on top, no ice. It was taken with me as I ambled back down the hall to the studio door.
Stood with it open I remembered the million times I’d tramped those steps, day and night, looking for Max and Stevie, trying to get an answer from either of them, cans on, loop playing. I wondered if my day of return was going to be any different. Guess it would be, in a big way. Max wouldn’t be there to light the room with his smile upon my entry.
There it went again, that sinking feeling. Big smile and all that, time for the hardest part, the reunion after an absence.
I walked into the studio as Stevie caught sight of me. He was already in motion around his microphone stand as I passed the window. Dan was next to move, Jake in tow.
‘Jesus, holy shit, woman ...’
I was lifted from my feet by Stevie and spun round in the doorway.
‘... The wanderer returns and, Christ, have I missed ya ...’
His hug left me breathless, my midriff nearly squeezed in two, yet not a drop of my drink spilled.
Grabbing him by his head I planted a big kiss onto his spiky hair.
‘Missed ya too, ya big galoot ... How the hell ya all been, how’s Chels and that gorgeous nephew of mine, he kicking ya arse yet? ... And my stupid dog, has he been behaving himself, and Big Boy and Misses BB, they still alive? ... Ma, is she good?’
I laughed as Stevie dropped me to the floor.
‘They are all fine, very fine ... Was thinking of you the other ... Jesus, Dan ...’
He didn’t get a chance to start never mind finish what he was going to say next. Dan barged him out of the way to swoop in for a hug and kiss. After he’d done his bit, Jake was there. Stevie just kept talking over shoulders in the end.
By the time I’d been released from consuming arms, we’d made it to the office and the Jack surfaced from a drawer. The glass I still held was topped up as I recited my adventures. We laughed at the funny bits, and guffawed over the stupid bits. The photos were amazing, and the video footage awesome.
‘... Hatch and Joey said hi, and we all had a fabulous trip, in more ways than one,’ I laughed.
‘So,’ Stevie’s smiling face turned towards me, ‘ya home for a spell now then, or did ya take another contract?
‘I was thinking about stopping for a while ... Ya know, stick my beak in where it’s not wanted, get in the way, and generally be annoying for the next few months, see where it leads me ... Other than that, be a lazy cow, if ya get me ...’
My grin said one thing but my eyes might not have reflected it. Stevie saw the change.
‘Hey, I’m sure there’ll be stuff to sort out soon enough ... We need a chat and catch up too, you know, about next week ...?’
His use of words suddenly made the whole room seem sombre.
‘Yeah, I know, and I gotta get my dog back, and my horses, and spend some time at home, with peace and quiet.’ I turned to go. ‘Can we get some time out tomorrow, if ya free of course ... I’ll be staying here tonight ... Get my karma back,’ I chuckled.
‘Cool, yeah ... I’ll ring Chels and say ya back ... I might join ya here tonight, if ya don’t mind. Ma’s at our place too, so two birds, one surprise,’ he grinned.
‘Sure,’ I nodded. ‘I’m gonna go get sorted ... See you guys in a bit, okay!’ I finished.
They called back much the same as I ambled through the studio. It was Dan’s voice that caught me at the door.
‘Tee ...’
I turned to see him stood watching me leave, his smiling face a nice welcome home.
‘It’s good to see ya back ... I, we missed hearing ya crazy laugh ... Not been enough of that around here lately ... It’s good to hear that again too ...’
My eyes watched him the whole time he spoke, the smile still to my lips.
‘Thanks, Dan, it’s good to be home ... I missed you guys too ... More than ya know,’ I grinned, before slipping through the door.

‘We are not having this conversation here, and we are not having it now ... If you don’t mind ...’
My voice held onto what was left of my patience, the last thread was wearing thin, and it had become just a matter of time.
I stepped around Stevie, taking the joint from his raised fingers and inhaling a lungful whilst walking towards the bar. Laughing aloud, his hands came to rest on his hips. He started speaking with that you’ve stolen my spliff look on his face.
‘One thing always amazes me about you ... Ya show how you’re feeling without even thinking about it.’
His hands dropped as he ambled over to the tall stool and perched on its edge, arms crossed, just like Max would have.
‘... Now, I know there’s something going on, and I know you know I know there’s something going on ...’
My angry eyes turned to him.
‘Ya know what I mean, and no denying it,’ he continued.
My eyes dropped away again.
‘Yeah, thought they might ... I know ya better then ya know yaself, Tee Manley, and you forget that sometimes, ya damn silly woman...’
He rose and walked round to pour himself a large drink, the ice chinking as the liquid hit centre of the glass. The sobering look on Stevie’s face hadn’t changed as it slowly turned towards me. My downcast eyes were still resting on the half-finished drink nestled in my hands.
‘Tee,’ he coughed then carried on, ‘is there something happening here I might need to know about? Now, tell me to mind my own, but, I don’t want to see ya getting hurt ...’
His eyebrows rose as his sentence ended. My eyes didn’t flinch from their point of being lost in time, only my lips moved to speak.
‘I miss him, Stevie ... I wish he was here ... I so need his stupid smile and silly laugh to lift me out of this one.’
Teary eyes turned to my brother-in-law.
‘... He’s such a selfish bastard, your brother, dying without me, how could he do that?’
The smile became a laugh as I rose to fix myself another large Jack and cola.
‘I’m there with ya, sister,’ Stevie said, taking a large slug from his glass and gasping. ‘The selfish bast’d,’ he chuckled hoarsely. ‘So, come on ... Talk to me, Tee ... What’s going on with ya, ya ain’t been right since ya walked back into this damn building? ... What happened? ... Who’s done what to whom?’
For a few seconds my eyes focused on the painting of Max, it hung across the room from us. I looked to the door, almost waiting for him to walk through it, humming, as ever. So, his ghost was still very much alive.
‘Nah, it’s all good ... AJ’s fine, she says hi, by the way ... It’s me Stevie, and what’s coming up next week, that’s all ... Promise,’ I ended quietly, my eyes back on my drink. ‘Have you spoken to Ma about any ideas? It’s something I don’t really want to have to broach with her ... Has she mentioned anything to you?’
My face turned towards my best friend, my brother-in-law, the look soft, and my eyes full of hurt for the subject.
Stevie’s hand came up to rest around his glass, turning it in half circles on the black top while he thought of the best reply he could find.
‘Ma has mentioned she’d like us lot, Dan, Jake, his closest friends, to get together down by the stream and maybe say a few words ... Ya know the type of thing, sing a song, say a prayer ... We only got six days to sort something out, but I know she don’t wanna go overboard with the whole thing ...’
Stevie’s voice was gentle as if the words were having a hard time being released from within him.
‘Yeah,’ I smiled, ‘that works for me, low key ... It keeps it personal, doesn’t it ... For the first time and all that ... I get what she means ...’
I brushed a tear from an eye as my voice died away, the subject matter already pulling at unseen threads. Stevie’s hand lifted my chin as another tear ran the length of my cheek. It came to a stop at my jaw.
‘Hey, Ma wants us to go see her at the weekend ... Think ya can handle going over? ... I know she’ll be over the moon to see ya back ...’
‘We can do that ... Gives me a couple of days to prepare myself for walking back into that house again ... It won’t be easy for me, I know that already, just by sitting here thinking about it,’ I replied, my sadness heard in my words and voice.
‘If it makes it any easier we can all go over together, honey, ya know that ain’t a problem ... Drive over to our place and we can all go in the truck, plenty of room for all ... Ya get to keep JR quiet in the back seat too ... He misses ya, ya know ... He’s always asking where ya are,’ he smiled back.
I replied with a giggle, ‘That baby gets more grownup by the bloody second, I swear ... Next you’ll be telling me he’s climbing Mount Kilimanjaro in a month’s time ... How old is he now, a year going on thirty?’ I laughed, the sound making the room seem warmer by degrees.
Stevie rose from his seat, heading for his weed stash in the den.
‘Hell, no, not climbing a mountain, honey, ya know he hates heights ... Nah, playing ice hockey for Calgary Flames, if his Momma has anything to do with it,’ he laughed, disappearing into the other room in search of his missing necessities.
‘Do they make baby size ice skates? I gotta see those,’ I called after him, the sadness of the weekend, and week to come, already dispelled by the change of subject.

For the next two days I spent most of my time alone in my retreat by the stream. The space hadn’t changed, everything was where it should be, nothing had moved. The place had been cleaned in the time I’d been away, probably the work of Beth. Sketches of Max had been placed on the drawing board so a hover could be pushed around the floor. My cup was clean, sat on my desk in its rightful place next to one of my nineteen inch monitors, the area freshly polished, the scent of lavender not hard to miss.
Sitting in my old Captain’s chair, my eyes stung with salt water as I looked around the haven created for me by Max, my beloved studio, my place of refuge. Many times had I gone there to hide when Max was missing, or if we’d had a bust-up, or I simply needed to escape the hordes taking over the lodge. I rose and walked to my drawing board. Max’s face looked up at me, smiling, laughing. The sight was enough to almost take my breath away.
‘Fuck ... I miss you,’ was whispered, as I traced a finger over the cheekbones I knew by heart, the sadness catching in my words.
No reply came from the paper before me, the space around me staying silent. There I would stand, for an hour if need be, remembering, lingering in a daydream, lost to a time before. How he still affected my every move, every minute. To me, he was still very much a part of my day. Not a moment was lived without him, just a shame I was never to hear his voice speak my name. His ashes were a paperweight on my desk. They were now in an ornately carved box, his name engraved into the gold front panel.
When I wasn’t there I was walking the path to the stream, sitting by Max’s fallen tree, the one that resembled his favourite electric guitar. The flowers Beth had left, in the months gone by, sat as faded and as dry as the grasses beyond, swaying in my beloved meadow. That journey was the one to break my last defence.
As I had a million times before I paddled the cold mountain water to gain access to my sweetest of places. Caught between immense sorry and joy I took my usual path through the tall grasses towards the boundary line. Looking back to where I’d come from, my eyes held the sorrow that was not so easy to hide anymore.
Though the sun was warm, and the sky the prettiest of blues, I couldn’t help but let my tears go free at long last. That was all it took, looking back across that plain and recalling every moment spent there with Max by my side, hand in hand, or lying under that great expanse of blue above, laughing, loving and taking time-out together.
What I wouldn’t have given to see him walk towards me then, stood there. In lots of ways he was there, but not in the way that mattered most. He wasn’t there for me to touch, kiss, hold, and that was the killer.
Sinking to my knees, hands to my face, I wept for what I no longer had, the love of my life. I remembered my deals with the Devil, not one of them accepted, and all of them left unanswered. I could smell Max, taste him in the air, the grasses, in everything around me, but it wasn’t enough, it wasn’t enough to make him real again. And, so, I was right back where I started, missing him as if he were life itself.
As soon as I returned to the lodge and the guys saw me, they knew, they all knew. Dan’s face showed every inch of the emptiness I was reflecting on mine. He left the kitchen and walked off towards the games room, not a word spoken. Jake tried to smile and give me his I know what ya feeling look as I ambled passed, wiping a stray tear from my cheek. Stevie was the only one to speak in the end.
‘Honey, ya need a hug?’
I turned towards him, my face about to revert back to being a watery mess. Without a second lost I was cocooned in the arms that felt like home, the flood gates opening.
‘That’s it, let it all go ... I been waiting for this ... Could see it in ya all day long ... Best let it go ... And now’s the right time, by looks of it,’ Stevie crooned as his hand rubbed my back, the swaying motion coming naturally.
His face tried so hard not to show his feelings. Jake saw it coming, patted his shoulder before walking off in the direction Dan had taken only a few moments previously. By the time he was out of view, Stevie’s eyes brimmed for the loss of his brother. He was having a hard time believing it was coming up for a year already. Where the hell had the time gone? Missed him? Nah, they weren’t the right words. They weren’t the right words at all.
~
Dan couldn’t get the lost look on my face out of his mind, the way my grey eyes held his for those few seconds, the sadness that had lingered there. He hadn’t known the feeling to be quite that strong with anyone before. His lids met, shut tight, as he shook his head to relieve himself of the heart-breaking image. It didn’t work. Pacing his long open hallway he made his way to the room with the vaulted ceiling. Here resided his gorgeous walnut bar, handcrafted, hand carved, built into the bookcases in his big boy’s playroom.
This was Dan at home, his place of peace. He filled that room but there was still something missing. With drink in hand he watched that low shadow march across the vista sprawling a day’s drive. Seether blasted in the background, he was lost in their lyrics.
‘Shit,’ he thought to himself. ‘What the hell am I thinking ...?’
The frustration would be obvious in anyone’s eyes. Raising middle fingers to his temple he rubbed.
‘Come on ... Give me a damn break here ... I’m dying ...’ was spoken into the empty space before him, no answer to be forthcoming.
The emptied glass was dumped on the bar top as he headed for the hall. The nearest at hand jacket was scooped up and he almost bolted for the door. Within seconds he was in the gleaming Lamborghini Roadster heading for the city, a midnight blue blur, heard before seen. He didn’t really know where he was going. He just needed to lose himself, a dull ache driving him off into the darkness, the highway to forgetting.
It was about half ten when he buzzed on Tasha’s apartment button. He knew he’d get in, he always got in. He also knew he could down a few drinks and, come 3 a.m., he’d be ready to split, job done, showered and ready to go.
The pattern would be exactly the same, the rhythm, the sway, the touching, the kissing, the low voices, the groans when spent. They’d dance around the pauses, and try to make light of not having seen each other for the last blah amount of months.
He’d been alone for a while, after the last one left he’d cut chicks loose, he didn’t want the agro, and could live without the heartache, thank you. The occasional sharing of a bed with a female form was all he was searching for. Tasha gave him what he wanted. She gave him escape and a good night in the sack. Sometimes, that’s all a man really needs.
So, the night might have crept across them, dark and warm, skin on skin, as one disrobed the other. Kisses could have been tasted, hot and spicy, as tongues licked and took in flavours. Fingers to play over curves, a path both could walk blind, every part, every inch, alive with a higher form of possession. Hands to hold as whispers brushed an ear, the words lost to sighs, a greediness to have it all.
Well, it would have been like that, but it wasn’t. Dan was almost naked when he came over all weird and couldn’t concentrate any longer. What the hell was wrong with him?
‘Honey,’ Tasha asked, ‘ya okay? ... Ya gone a funny colour ... Ya ain’t gonna puke are ya?’
She moved just in case her words came true.
‘I can’t do this,’ Dan replied, climbing from the couch and pulling his jeans on.
‘What ya mean, Danny ...?’ Tasha stood before him, pink silk kimono being fastened by its belt, her fingers raking through her long dark mane. She looked at him as he moved to put his t-shirt on.
He retrieved his boots with not a word said.
‘Danny? ... Why ya leaving? Where ya going? ... Danny?’
She moved to stop his actions, trying to get his attention. He seemed in a different world, muttering away to himself.
‘... I’m sorry, Tash ... I can’t explain it ... This won’t happen again ...’
Hopping with one boot on, and the other almost there, he headed for his coat while he spoke.
‘... I shouldn’t have come over ... I gotta stop doing this to ya, it ain’t right ...’
He was convincing himself more as he left.
‘... Please, Tash ... I’m so sorry, but I gotta go ... Take care ...’
Before she had a change to say anything more, he was gone, jacket being swung on, as he marched out the door and off down the hall. He was done.
~
The day had evaporated while I sat in my retreat. There was rain on the way. I could smell it on the breeze, cold and musty. As I wandered back to the lodge, with my arms wrapped around myself, I looked up at the dirty sky. There was no blue to be seen.
The guys had been there for most of the last ten days. Another project had required more time in the studio. Their day had passed in a blink of an eye, the instruments playing as big a part as they themselves. Stevie had disappeared already, his car missing from its usual place. Jake had followed shortly after. He was off to catch a band in the city, the one he’d been raving about for weeks. Only Dan’s truck remained.
‘Come on dawg,’ was said over my shoulder at I came to a halt at the top of the steps.
Ziggy caught up with me. He’d mooched about for most of his morning, and had slept under my desk for most of the afternoon. 
Standing, looking out over my most favourite of views, I cast my eyes down at the sheet of A4 paper in my hand. The words it held had been found in the saddest part of my heart, the part once filled by Max. When they’d come to me I’d envisaged speaking them at his memorial, now, as I reread them, somehow they didn’t seem enough. I screwed them up, the ball dropped over the edge of the balcony. I stood to watch them bounce, once, before they came to rest near the bottom of the steps.
Turning from the silence, I walked away and into the den. More silence. It was heavy and uncomfortable, as though an unseen hand had erased all the noise from life. I remembered when Max filled the space with his light and laugh. The smile touching my lips was all that lingered, not much really, but it was all I had.
Crossing to the remote I switched the TV on. Background noise was better than nothing. I moved to the kitchen. Taking hold of the Jack bottle, I retrieved a tumbler from a cupboard and wandered back to land on the corner couch, my effort audible.
Footsteps on the studio stairs made my head slowly turn in their direction, my eyes a watery grey, as grey as the skies above the lodge.
Dan appeared. He was heading home.
‘Hey, you ... All done?’ asked my tired voice, which was hardly heard at all.
‘Yeah, had enough for one day ... The other two left ages ago ... My turn now,’ he replied.
He seemed just as tired as me. Ambling into the den, he stood, shoulders against the wall, hands in front pockets.
‘Fancy a quick drink before ya go?’ I enquired, raising the Jack bottle and trying to smile.
‘Urh, nah, I’ll give it a miss, thanks ... Gotta drive ...’
His dark eyes came round to glance at me and then at the doors. He was eager to get going for some reason.
‘... So ... What ya got planned for tonight, anything nice?’ was all I could find to say, my watered down smile still hanging in there.
‘Arh, not much ... Probably catch a movie, grab a pizza, a few beers, nothing exciting ... What about you? Ya off out anywhere?’ he slowly smiled, moving towards the door, his enthusiasm not very convincing.
‘Nowhere tonight ... I gotta go check on the horses in a bit, bed them down for the night ... Then it’s just me and dog again ... Doesn’t that sound exciting?’ I giggled, my eyes resting on the glass cradled in my hands.
Dan made a noise that could have been a chuckle.
‘Yeah, sounds about as exciting as a sack fulla dead snakes ... Well, I’m gonna make tracks, I guess ... Have a good evening, Tee, what’s left of it ... See ya in the morning ... Night ...’
He’d reached the doors, his hand turning the brass knob.
‘Okay ... Drive safe now ... Night ...’ I replied, splashing more Jack into my glass as I spoke, my smile, a flash that faded.
Dan walked the deck and dropped down the steps, one at a time, in no rush really. He was going back to a huge, empty space, one with little warmth and no love at all. He regretted not excepting my offered drink, the chance missed as though the last train home had departed.
As his foot hit solid ground, something caught his eye. Dipping down he picked up a ball of paper. Unravelling it, he read the writing he recognised. It was mine.
The words were something else. He reread them, twice. When his hands dropped to his side he looked up at the dimly lit lodge, sheet in hand. I certainly knew how to put sad poetry together, the lines a mass of thoughts only a widow might know.
His empty hand swept across his weary brow, moving it down, he rubbed his jaw. Looking up again, the decision settled into his mind.
‘Fuck this ...’
He turned to almost run up the steps, returning to the den, back to its lonely owner, and back to her dopey dog. As he entered I appeared from another room, a surprised expression coating my face.
‘Back again,’ I chuckled. ‘It morning already...? Jeez, that was one quick night ...’
I looked at the glass in my hand.
‘Wow, this stuff is like a bloody time machine ... Two glasses and twelve hours suddenly shoot by ... You okay there? ... Forgot something?’
I looked down and saw the sheet of paper in his hand.
‘... Mmm ...’
‘... Hey, I just found this at the bottom of the steps ... This is your handwriting, isn’t it?’ Dan said, as he looked over at me. He knew it was.
‘Arh, yeah ... Chuck it in the bin ... It’s just rubbish,’ I mumbled, walking back to the couch and a snoring Ziggy.
‘Tee, no ... This is really good, I ain’t gonna do that ... Ya got something here ... Really ...’
He waved it as if a white flag before him, the paper making a rustling sound as it flapped about.
‘... Ain’t you going home?’ was all I said as I sat.
He took a few steps towards me.
‘Yeah, in a minute, but ya gotta hear me out first ... This is good, good enough to be part of something else ... Tee, this is good enough to be a song, don’t ...’
I stopped him with a raised hand.
‘Please, Dan, it’s crap, it came from nowhere and would make a great fire starter, that’s all ... Look, put it in the trash and go home, forget it, it’s nothing, that’s what it is ...’ 
‘Tee ...’ he pleaded, trying to be heard.
‘Dan, enough, honey ... I’m tired and I’m not in the mood for this right now ... I don’t care about it, take it or trash it ... Whatever makes you happy ...’
My eyes didn’t once come up to meet his. I was starting to get annoyed. He could hear it in my voice. He walked over and placed it on the den counter. There, he smoothed the sheet out a little more, his eyes scanning the words again.
‘Okay, I tried ... Sorry if I upset ya in any way ... I didn’t mean to ... I’ll go ... Night ...’
He stepped towards the door again feeling a little deflated.
‘Dan ...’
He turned.
‘... I’m sorry ... Ya haven’t upset me, honest ... I just have a few things on my mind ... Don’t take it personally, please ...’
I made a movement with my lips. It was meant to be a smile but didn’t quite get there.
‘Yeah ... Sure ... Night ...’
His eyes dropped from my face, the hurt felt, obvious. He left again. That time, making his way to his truck and climbing in. Once again he stared up at the lodge.
‘... Damn it ...’
He bounced both hands off his steering wheel. He felt such a dick. All the way home those words mixed and matched around in his mind. The look on my face when I saw the paper clenched in his fist, the tone to my voice making his heart heavy. How stupid was he? Stupid enough to upset the woman who had occupied his thoughts for the last how many weeks, that’s how stupid.
Pulling through his electric gates he parked up and sat in silence. He was pretty much done with giving himself a hard time over it, but he hadn’t forgotten the words on that sheet. As he walked into the dark hallway, a few were still bashing against the inside of his skull. Without even knowing it, he’d already started putting them to a tune.

After all my chores were completed, and the animals bedded down, my day was finally done. On my way to bed, I walked over to the crumpled sheet of paper. Looking down at my own writing, I could have cried my bloody eyes out. Lifting my tumbler to my lips, the last of the Jack drained into my mouth, the burn feeling good. I looked at my empty glass, then at the empty bottle before me.
‘FUCKING HELL,’ I screamed across the empty space, the glass being launched at the den wall by the archway.
The collision reduced it to a crystal shower that fell like diamonds to the floor. It was enough to wake Ziggy and have him barking in that general direction.
‘Oh, shut up and go to bed, will ya,’ I almost shouted, my brow furrowed, tears in my eyes.
The dog did just that, tail between his legs.
The broken pieces stayed where they were. Who gave a shit anyway? I wandered off to my room, bouncing off the walls, my sad words left on the counter behind.
~
I hadn’t surfaced when the guys arrived the next morning. Dan was the first to get there. Ziggy had met him at the door. As soon as it was open Ziggy shot off, the need for his first pee excruciating.
‘Morning, boy ...’
But the dog was already gone.
Dan ambled over to the studio door, his eyes scanning the cold spaces once made warm by an old friend of his. It’s when he saw it, the A4 page, abandoned and still sat where he’d left it the night before, it hadn’t moved. The broken glass was a new addition though, its glittery shards catching in the low light through the vertical blinds.
He stood and looked up the quiet hall towards the bedroom occupied by me. He imagined me lost in dreams, maybe with Max even, our hands touching, our lips kissing. A smile lifted the corners of his mouth, the thought of me taking them there.
Ziggy brought him back to himself, scratching the glass panel behind him, hoping to be let back in. He swaggered back to my bedroom, his emergency over.
Picking up the piece of scrap paper, Dan headed off down to the studio. Switching lights on as he went, he entered the office to make himself a coffee. Sat drinking it, he stared at the words he’d reintroduced himself too, the tune in his head bringing them off the page and making them alive.
With no one there to disturb him, he fetched one of Max’s acoustics, humming as he moved. He spent the next two hours going over and over the melody, a higher note here, maybe a lower note there. By the time Stevie turned up, he’d almost finished.
‘Has Tee heard it yet?’
Dan had introduced Stevie to the melody he’d matched to my words. It seemed to work out rather well, Stevie was impressed. Dan had sat and explained about the previous night, finding the paper ball at the bottom of the steps, and then how I’d reacted when he came back up to the den.
Stevie made more coffee as he listened, his eyebrows having rose a little more as Dan’s story unfolded.
‘Nah, not yet .... After last night, I thought I’d try it and see first ... The tune came to me as I drove home ... It played all night in my damn head ... I ended up getting about five hours sleep is all ... That’s why I was here so early ... No point in just lying there, that melody spinning round in my brain.’
Dan stopped fiddling with a paperclip and looked over at Stevie.
‘Why? Think she might not like it ... Ya think she might bust my balls again, only permanently this time?’
It sounded funny but no one was laughing.
‘Dude,’ Stevie turned to face him, ‘I don’t know how she’ll take it ... All I know is, I see that broken glass upstairs and, well, it’s cleaned it up now, but, that’s not a good sign, as ya know ... In fact, that’s a very, very bad sign ...’ Stevie’s face looked concerned. ‘I’m worried about her, Dan ... I think she’s heading for a wall and, man, when she hits ... Well, ya know the mess that makes ...’
Dan had fallen quiet, his eyes to the floor. He didn’t want to see me hurting, he couldn’t stand the thought of that, not again, and he certainly didn’t want to be responsible for more coming my way.
‘Yeah, I know, I shouldn’t have done it ... It was wrong ... I’ll just leave it alone ...’
‘... Leave what alone?’ I asked, appearing in the doorway, still in my jammies, with my bunny slippers on, the sleep still hanging in my eyes, and a spliff dangling from my lips.
‘Hey, you ... Morning,’ Stevie chirped, his face snapping round at the sound.
‘Morning, guys ... Dan, leave what alone?’
I was looking down at him as his gaze travelled up to meet mine. I clocked the piece of paper from upstairs. My look slowly changed.
‘Morning, Tee ... Ya words ... I wrote a tune that fits them ... I’m sorry, I had no right to do it ... You can hit me if ya want, I kinda deserve it ...’
His guilty expression made my gaze drop away. I was still standing in the doorway with my chest leant against the doorframe.
What was it with him and me? There was a kink in our friendship that could border on divine one moment, and then be bloody despicable the next. Our history had not been a good one, and here he was, making another of those stupid mistakes. Was he always consciously trying to piss me off?
‘Dan, you’re right on both accounts ... This isn’t what I wanted ... I didn’t want this ... I didn’t ask you to do this, did I?’
Dan’s eyes softened. ‘Tee, I just thought the words would work with the song I had in my head ... I wanted to do that one thing for you ... Make it work ...’
‘No,’ I chuckled, ‘you did this for you ...’
My eyes moved round to meet Stevie’s. He was slowly rotating side to side, in small movements, sat in his office chair, his face set between fear and hurt. He had no idea what might come next, and that worried him.
‘... I take it you’ve heard it then? Is it any good?’ I asked him.
Stevie slowly smiled, his arms crossing as he replied.
‘Actually, I have, and it’s very good, Tee ... I’m impressed, as it happens ... Maybe ya should hear it, ya might be too, if ya did ...’
I ran my fingers through the front of my long hair whilst thinking. I looked at Dan again.
‘Go on then ... Play it ... I gotta hear it now ... If it’s getting reviews like that, from him, I’ll give it a go ...’
‘Are ya sure?’ Dan asked, as he reached for the acoustic leant against the couch.
‘Yeah ... I’m sure ... Go on then ... Play it ...’
So, Dan did as was commanded.
The soft intro opened up to my perfectly matched lyrics. His voice, gritty but soft, carried the words into a chorus, the melody filling the office, wall to wall.
I sat down, swapping my joint for a coffee Stevie made me, and listened with my eyes closed, mug clasped in my hands. Another verse, another chorus, how well it all worked.
I didn’t say anything. I just sat and listened, taking a sip every so often.
When Dan finished, silence graced the room. He looked at Stevie, then over at me with my eyes shut.
‘... Well, that’s it, there ya go ... That’s what I been hearing in my head all night long ... What ya thinking? ... Ya hate it, don’t ya?’
Dan was bricking himself and waited for his ball busting.
My eyes opened, slowly, the tears on the rims catching the light above me.
‘Oh, shit ... Ya really do hate it,’ Dan almost whispered, his disappointment hovering in his voice.
‘No, you silly sod, I don’t hate it,’ I replied after a spell. ‘I quite like it, actually ... Are ya happy now? ... Yes, I like it, a lot ... And thank you ... I didn’t think it would work, but you proved me wrong, so, thank you again ...’
I rose and walked over to him. Putting my fingers under his chin I raised it up to look down at him.
‘... Dan, will you play that at Max’s memorial so I can sing it, please?’
He looked up into my watery grey eyes, the ones he was falling into.
‘... Urh, yeah ...’ He was the one to sound surprised. ‘... Sure I will ... It would be an honour, Tee,’ he smiled.
‘... Thank you ...’ I grinned.
I leant forward and kissed him, full on the lips, in front of Stevie.
‘Right ... I’m done here,’ I giggled, my eyes suddenly all twinkles again. ‘Off for my shower ... You guys want some breakfast in, ooh, about twenty minutes or so?’
I threw the question over my shoulder as I sauntered through the studio, heading back upstairs. From behind came a duet of the word yes.
‘Okay ... See you both in a bit then ... Ciao for now, boys,’ was called back to them, as I passed through the door to the stairs.
Dan was sat with his fingers to his lips. He chuckled as he looked over at Stevie.
‘She kissed me, Stevie ... Damn, she just kissed me ...’
‘Dude, whatever ya done to make her do that, keep right on doing it,’ Stevie chuckled, watching me out of sight.
He turned to Dan, his grin ear to ear.
‘Well, get you ... She looked as happy as a hooker on a bus full of bachelors ... Squeeze ya nuts and hold on tight, boy, cuz I think ya might be about to see a different side to Tee Manley,’ Stevie laughed.

The rain had passed over, by the time my little party made its way down the path to the swollen stream, with its muddy banks. Stevie and Chels, carrying baby JR, led the way, Beth and I followed arm in arm, chatter softly heard between us. Max’s ashes were sat in the crux of my elbow as if I had a tiny toddler on my hip.
Hatch and Joey had appeared the evening before and tagged along at the rear with Dan, acoustic slung over one shoulder, and Jake, the odd chuckle heard over the sound of bird and brook. That day Ziggy didn’t follow. He’d wagged his tail but stayed away from the chance of showers, they were definitely not his bowl of biscuits.
Silence dropped a veil over us as we came to the spot we were headed towards. There it stood, the tree sized V shaped guitar in all its glory. I sat the box on the body of the guitar, a space ready and waiting, our flowers surrounding it.
JR giggled and yapped nonsense as the adults took their places and words of love and remembrance were taken from pockets and unfolded. Stood in a small circle Beth stepped forward to take charge of the moment, her face a sad sight to witness. She coughed before speaking.
‘Well, ya all know why we’re here ... I don’t need to tell ya that. It’s hard to believe it’s been a year already ... My, how the time has flown ...’
She looked around at all those stood watching her, her eyes coming to rest on my sad face.
‘Okay, me first, I guess,’ she continued, turning to the carved tree that lay behind her, then looking down at the wooden box sat next to her.
‘I had a whole speech written out but, now we’re here, somehow, it don’t matter what’s on this piece of paper,’ she looked at it briefly before stuffing back into her cardigan pocket out of sight, ‘so, I’m just gonna say what’s in my heart, and leave it at that ...’
Her hand rested on her boy’s remains entombed within a box created from the trees around her, her eyes travelling the clearing before her.
‘Son, I know ya out there, watching me right now, I feel ya in every step and every breath I take ... I loved ya from the moment ya were put into my arms and, though sometimes ya nearly broke my poor heart, I loved ya everyday of ya life and no mistaking.’
She paused, a hand to her chest, the tears staying where they should, just for a little while longer.
‘... I ain’t gonna make it any harder for myself by saying too much. I just want ya to know I love ya and miss ya, and wish I could see ya sweet face just one more time ... But,’ she smiled, ‘I know, when I see ya again, with ya baby boy, it will be for an eternity in heaven, so, I can wait ... We’ll be together again, someday, I promise ...’
She stepped away, her hand remaining in place a moment before she left his side.
‘Bye, son, love ya, and mind ya manners in heaven, now ...’
She returned to us then, when she heard JR giggle behind her, the sound brightening her sad eyes, and broadening the smile to her lips.
‘Who wants to go next then?’ she asked, her eyes a pretty blue. ‘... Stevie ...?’
He stepped forward, his arm dropping from Chelsea’s waist as he moved towards his Ma. The kiss they exchanged raised a smile from those that were watching.
Beth moved to stand with me, my left hand taking her right.
‘Thank you ...’ I mouthed to her.
‘What for?’ she asked.
‘Our lost boy,’ I slowly smiled.
Beth got it. ‘Oh, that’s okay ... Anyway, I always remember baby Manley in my prayers ... I always have ....’
I leant over and kissed the side of the woman’s head.
‘What’s that for?’ Beth chuckled.
‘Because I love you, Beth Manley, you smashing person ... I’m so glad you’re my mother-in-law ... You’re bloody fab, you are,’ I smiled.
‘Oh, quit it ... You’re fab, too, and just another one of my kids ... Ya get the same rules, the same chores even ... Only I don’t have to shout at you and threaten to tan ya hide in public ... Thank the lord,’ she smiled, before looking at Stevie with a chuckle.
Looking around him, much the same as his Ma had, he spoke to the space as though Max was stood there beside him.
‘Well, bro, hope ya ain’t bored up there in heaven, but then, with Hendrix and Cobain to keep ya company, I bet a day don’t pass that ya ain’t putting on some big gig in the sky, right?’ he chuckled as his eyes started to sting.
‘As ya know, we’re all doing good, just missing the hell outta you, is all ... Guess I’m kinda lost for words, which is a whole new experience for me,’ he almost laughed. ‘Well, bro, ya be good now ... Don’t make me have to come up there and sort ya out for harassing them there angels, and I’ll make ya a promise ... If ya keep an eye on Pa, Grandma and that lost son of yours, I’ll make sure JR grows up playing one hell of a mean guitar ... Is it a deal? Thought it might be ... Love ya, bro, speak soon,’ he smiled to the tree tops above him.
Before he stepped away he kissed his fingertips and placed them to the box. Turning back he was comforted by the smiles of those that mattered most, his tears seeping back down, never to be shown.
Next came my little effort of how I felt, the lyrics I’d written, when sat alone in my retreat, were the relics of a daydream put to music.
‘Dan and I put a little song together ... That’s why he brought Max’s acoustic down, but I guess you’d worked that out already,’ I smiled back at the faces that mirrored mine.
Dan stepped forward to take his spot.
‘... It’s nothing brilliant, but it came about because of Max, so it’s sort of fitting somehow ...’
Dan had sat on a low stump to one side and lifted the instrument to his knee. The soft notes then started floating and drifting across the stream, across the meadow, and off into the blue.
I coughed once, to clear my throat, and then looked from face to face as I awaited my cue.
‘It’s called ... Eyes Are Blue, and it’s for Max ... Because I miss him and still love him ...’
As the only real family I had watched my sad face, I moved to stand looking towards the vista that spread before us all, the heart of me aching for the one man I would never see again in this life. My voice lifted to the space above, trying to make its way up to the heavens.
‘... When I hear you, hear you singing, you somehow raise me, into the blue ... The day you saved me, saved me from drowning, that’s when I knew ... My dream came true ...’
My eyes became misty as I started the first chorus, those behind listening to every word I sang.
‘... Angel’s eyes are blue, I see them every night ... Angel’s eyes, my angel’s eyes are blue ...’
The little troupe stayed silent as the soft melody carried them on a journey of their own. Stevie stood with Chels and JR, a hand linked with his Ma. She was stood, faced away from us, lost in her own daydream. Jake, Hatch and Joey all stood together, their memories taking them a million miles away, onto a tour bus, to a bar, messing around on the stage whilst setting up instruments.
Still my soft voice held those dreamy notes aloft. As I started the next verse my eyes strayed to focus on Stevie with Beth, my words maybe written for them.
‘...When I’m falling, falling quickly, you remind me, to not let go ... You stand beside me, without you knowing, we share a light, as you know ... Angel’s eyes are blue, I see them every night ... Angel’s eyes, my angel’s eyes are blue ...’
The final verse held them all silent, tears in a place, felt but not seen, except for Ma’s. Her’s were sat on her cheek, there for all to see.
‘... Sometimes when things are tragic, when life don’t work out right ... I know I can’t surrender, I know I have to fight ...’
It became more apparent as my voice started to falter, a true sign of my own weakness when it came to missing Max.
‘... Your presence is all that’s needed your strength to help me stand ... Though you are never here I feel your spirit take my hand ...’
As I turned my eyes back to the little wooden box, my throat almost closed with the last of my words.
‘... Angel’s eyes are blue, I see them every night ... My angel’s eyes ... Are blue ...’
As they died away, the soft guitar played the last of its notes, the sound hanging above us, drifting towards the bluing sky. JR was asleep; the lullaby making little tired eyes shut slowly, the world lost to the darkness found behind closed lids. Yet, the smile that remained showed his uncle’s trait. Max was there, without a doubt.
I turned to look at the others, a sight I would never forget. The smiles and tears all part of the remembering, something to touch even the hardest of hearts. No one spoke.
Beth was the only one to move, straight towards me to hug me till my tears were gone, then it was just smiles again, all round.
‘Thank you,’ Beth whispered into my ear as we held each other, ‘that was perfect.’
~
In true British style I decided I should have my first Guy Fawkes Night at the house in Silver Springs. I’d spread the word through the usual channels, and all the invites had gone out and been replied to. Through a friend of Joey’s, a pyrotechnics guy, I’d managed to obtain a whole display to be set up and seen from the back of the house. Ziggy had gone to Manley Mile for the night so everything was ready and waiting.
Over the previous few weeks Walt had collected wood for the massive fire in the meadow beyond. There was even a Guy to be added last, tied to his chair. He was made from an old suit Walt had found in his garage. We packed it with paper and straw, just like a scarecrow. His brown paper bag face had big eyebrows and a moustache and beard. His hat was Winnie’s donation. It was an old one from the shop, big rim, buckle on the front, black felt.
All the ladies had worked together to produce the spread needed to feed about twenty people. Gayn, my catering buddy, came to the rescue with her massive industrial kitchen, then Beth and Chels, plus numerous others, put their own Cajun and home roots twist to things. When it was all laid out on the many tables it looked incredible. The pot of hot soup wafted through the air as the smell of baking potatoes hung above hot ovens, the aroma enough to make any tummy growl.
The bar had been built in time, a project I took on myself, the outcome a pleasant surprise. Where there had once been a mess of weeds suddenly sported an array of different liquor, and a large cooler stacked with various ales and beers. The mass of fairy lights and paper lanterns hung a soft glow in the rafters under the thatch. It was a cool little spot reclaimed back from Mother Nature, and put to a very good use.
Mike McCall had pulled a few picnic benches round to the garden. They weren’t used that much at the bar anyway. Four of them sat in a line across the large lawn.
Joey and Hatch had set up the little stage as directed by Stevie. Sound checks were being performed, Joey’s voice as clear as a bell. As the sun dropped and the moon rose the ground twinkled with snow, no one was cold, everyone had their purpose.
I walked out through the back door and through everyone to the fence line. I was wiping my hands on a tea towel as I looked for the one I needed.
‘... Stevie ... STEVIE ...’
‘... YEAH ... COMING ...’ his voice replied from behind the stage. He was around the back, assisting Hatch.
He appeared wearing his red puffy jacket and jester’s hat, the bells jingling as he moved.
‘... Stevie ... I’ll be out in a minute ... I’m gonna light the fire ... Can you spread the word and get everyone to charge their glasses, please? ... Oh, and can you get me a drink too, please?’ I smiled quickly. ‘... THANKS ...’ I shouted, and he was left to it again.
One of the dress codes for the night, apart from the habitual snowsuit, was a silly hat, or a hat of some kind, at least. It seemed funnier in the summer somehow. On a freezing night in November, and anywhere near The Rockies, everyone wears a hat. If there’s snow on the ground, hats go on.
I appeared with a comical zombie beanie that looked as though it was trying to eat my head. I thought it was funny.
‘I’M GONNA LIGHT THE FIRE ... EVERYONE,’ I shouted as I passed through the gate into the vast open space beyond.
After a brief word with Stevie I was instructed on where and how to light the huge pyre, which stood about ten feet high with some poor scarecrow woven into the top.
I looked up at. ‘That’s as cool as fuck ... I love living here ...’
‘What was that?’ Stevie asked, as he walked over with the lighting mechanism.
It was rigged to go up with the turn of a switch, the same as the fireworks.
‘The fire ... It’s as cool as fuck ... And I can tell you now, in five minutes time, you will not be standing here ... You’ll burn ya bloody face off,’ I chuckled.
We stood a considerable distance from the pile of wood to ignite the core flame. It was all very controlled, very health and safety. Every angle was covered. Every person was beyond ground zero. And I was at the helm.
I raised a toast about freedom and politics that went along the lines of it being a shame he failed at blowing up government. They didn’t really understand the history.
All took a drink and, as the cheer was raised, I turned the button on the box in my hand. By the time the voices had started to fade the core of the fire glowed amber and red, some orange to the edges. There were a few loud bangs, as wet wood split from the sudden heat, and then up it went.
A roar could be heard as everyone held their breath. It was escaping the furnace that burnt from within. Five minutes later the heat was felt from fifteen, maybe twenty, foot away. It was gigantic.
The firework display was awesome and lasted almost twenty minutes, if you put the three sections together. I’d set up four camcorders at different angles and distances to record it. I was hoping to pull some nice stills off them at a later date.
They showered sparks in green and blue, a wave across the sky. The rockets were a wonderful collection of cascading glitter, white, as if stars falling. Shots of noise and cracks filtered from a thousand blasts of red and gold flashes, a whiz blazing higher. Another section had a waterfall of pretty multi-coloured twinkles which dissolved as they collided with the floor. Eyes were to the skies. It was magical and another first for JR.
The food was demolished with little leftovers to be had. The guys helped there. Once it had lost the majority it got down to the same few, the same faces, still going. Stevie was by the fire which had burnt down well. Where it had spread at the base it had become an immense pile of burning embers. Those that remained were drawn to this with their beers and their chairs and their aromatic spliffs.
‘I have a lot of time for Mike, we get on, and he’s funny, he makes me laugh,’ I babbled with a giggle in my voice.
‘Well, ya certainly had a lot of time for him tonight, I know that much,’ Dan said, smiling.
I put my glass down on the kitchen table and stepped towards him laughing.
‘Whoa, wait a minute there, Mister Party Pooper, what’s with the tone? You’re making this into something it isn’t ...’
I reclaimed my step and moved backwards on my heels. Picking my drink up I turned away taking another mouthful from my glass.
‘... And that don’t work for me, Dan Foster,’ I continued, heading for the door.
‘I’m sorry, that was a stupid thing for me to say ... I didn’t mean it how it sounded, Tee ...’
‘Arh, had ya there,’ I giggled, walking back to my spot at the table.
‘... Don’t look so serious, it’s a party night, with fireworks, food and a bloody great big fire ... We should go and dance ... You in your snowsuit and me in mine ... We’d cut a dashing pair ... What d’ya say? ... You in ...?’
He smiled from his puddle on the floor, his hands coming up to his hips. I was doing comical dance moves where I stood.
‘You’re as crazy as an imp in spring ... Dance ya say?’ he grinned.
My movements changed to a different silly dance, elbows going in the opposite direction to my bum.
‘Yep ... Dance ya blues away, Danny boy,’ I giggled. ‘... Let’s go do it...’
‘But the band has finished playing ... How do we dance with no music?’
His fringe was brushed from his eyes by a tanned hand as he asked.
‘I’ll get those that are left to sing for us ... How ‘bout that?’ I grinned, still dancing.
‘Just answer me one more question before we go ...’
‘What ya wanna know?’
I was still wiggling on the spot.
‘What I wanna know is ... Don’t ya ever stop? ... Not even for five minutes ...?’
I abruptly stopped and smiled, ‘Well, I do sometimes ... But I’m usually mashed up, bad, by then,’ I giggled. ‘All I know is it must be quite late, cuz most people have left ... Those that are staying are stood around the fire, drinking and smoking while they keep warm ... I’ve had a great night partying with people, I’ve seen pretty lights in the sky, I’ve been well fed, and I’m quite pissed and stoned ... Now, if I can keep this going till dawn, I’ll be a very happy bunny ...’
Then I turned to leave whether he was following or not.
‘... So, Mike McCall hasn’t filled ya dance-card up for the night then? I thought a few slow manoeuvres, with a guy like him, would be just what you were looking for ... Jeez, he’s even put it on a plate for ya this evening ...’
I slowly turned on him, my face not so happy anymore, my voice quieter but calm. There we were again, in another of those love/hate moments that he alone seemed to create. What was his problem?
‘Come again! ... You don’t know what I’m looking for, hell, even I don’t know what I’m looking for ... Don’t bring me down, Dan-dan the music man, I don’t deserve it ... Not tonight ... And besides,’ the colour of my eyes changed, became lighter, the grey as sharp as flint and just as cold, ‘it’s none of your bloody business who the hell I do or how I do them ... Who are you anyway, the effing Tee Patrol?’
There wasn’t much he could say to that. He was wrong, about his feelings, about me and mine, about all of it. He’d read every sign wrong. What a fool he must have felt, standing there in his ever spreading puddle, the cold suddenly on the inside too. He didn’t say anything. He just walked over to the table and took his gloves without a word. He had to get away to breath, the punch to the chest probably winding him a little.
I stood alone, the sounds of the remaining few heard just beyond that rather cold kitchen. His exit was announced by the fly screen slamming shut.
~
‘Stevie, if ya gonna be a pain in my rear can ya be of some use while ya do it, please, and put those plates in the cupboard ... Before I hit ya with one of them,’ Beth chuckled to Chelsea.
They were all sat in her warm kitchen, dinner finished and everyone well fed. Stevie was flicking the tea towel at his Ma’s bum. Just as well it hadn’t actually hit her, as yet. There would have been trouble if it had.
‘While I think of it ... We got any ideas as to what we’re gonna do for Tee’s birthday this year? ... Ya know it’s her big four zero, don’t ya?’ Beth asked, as Chelsea fed the last of the yellow gloop to a reluctant baby.
JR didn’t seem real impressed with it. Most of it was smeared across his chops after it was pushed back through his unsmiling lips, his face screwed up from the awful taste.
‘Well,’ Chels replied, ‘we could throw her a surprise party somewhere, or whisk her off to her fave hotel in Dam ... Stevie’s gonna take her to the Flames game, just cuz she’d asked to go, and he’s already got the tickets booked ...’
Her eyes settled on Stevie doing as his Ma had asked, plates rattling as they were piled in the appropriate cupboard as requested, tea towel abandoned.
‘... I think I’ll make her a birthday cake anyhow ... Ya know the one? My chocolate fudge and strawberry stack ... She always likes that one ... Maybe have a little party for her here,’ Beth smiled, knowing her daughter-in-law’s taste in cakes better than anyone.
‘Yeah, sounds like a great idea,’ Stevie butted in, ‘my fave cake too,’ he smiled at his Ma, the thought already forming in his food infested brain.
‘I know ya do, son ... Ate most of the last one to yaself, as I recall ... Then left a note that read yum, yum,’ Beth smiled over at him, her eyes lifting to the ceiling before returning to Chelsea with a guff of laughter.
‘Yeah, well, ya shouldn’t make ‘em knowing I’m in the vicinity, I keep telling ya that ... Ya should know better, Ma,’ Stevie chuckled, walking over to kiss his son’s head, the one partly covered in horrid dinner.
‘Hey, we could go up to the lodge by the lake, spend a few days up there messing around in the snow ... JR would look so cute in one of those adorable little tiger snowsuits ... Ya know the ones with the little ears and pads on the feet ... We could stay up there for Christmas ... That would be wonderful ... A snowy Christmas with a huge tree, open fire, skiing an skating ... What ya think?’ Chelsea beamed, the idea blossoming a plethora of divine thoughts through her open mind.
‘Yep, we could ...’ Stevie agreed. ‘That’s not such a bad idea ... But a whole month up there in the cold, honey? We can do that here or at our place ... We can do better than that, I’m sure we can ...’
His face took on that funny look he gets when he’s trying to rack his brain for a really good idea.
‘Well, we got a few weeks to think on it yet,’ Beth admitted, her eyes squinting from the thinking. ‘Maybe she’ll give us some ideas in the time between now and then ... Ya never know ... She might decide to do something by herself ...’
‘What?’ Stevie almost barked. ‘Do something without us? That would not be a happy birthday, at all,’ he chirped. ‘She can’t go having birthdays without me, that ain’t right ... How would she get legless without the help of her best ever guyfriend? ... And that’s me by the way ... Nah, she wouldn’t be able to do it alone ... It wouldn’t be right ... She needs us and she knows it,’ he chuckled.
‘Let the poor girl be, Stevie,’ his Ma retorted. ‘If she decides to go have her birthday doing something by herself, then let her ... She’s every right, son ... Maybe she’ll do it, just to get a break from you and ya need to get her blind drunk,’ Beth chuckled.
‘Nah, it’ll never happen, and I know it for sure ... She likes being wasted on her birthday, even more so when it’s spent in my stunning company ... That’s what birthdays are all about, Ma ... But then, thinking about it, she likes being wasted most of the time ... Ya know her, never a bottle untouched,’ he chuckled, knowing I enjoyed a drink for most occasions.
‘Stevie, ya make her sound like she’s drunk all the time, and I know that’s not the truth ... Ya just being mean ... Now stop it, before I flick your butt with that damn tea towel,’ Beth giggled, a sparkle of mischief glinting in her blue eyes.
‘No, I’m not ... I’m just saying it how it is ... Tee likes to get, how does she say it, mashed up, an if I can help in any way, count me in,’ Stevie smiled.
‘...Guess we’ll just wait and see about that one, young man,’ Beth concluded, her face alight with a smile that made her eyes seem bluer than usual.
‘Mark my words, Ma ... Tee-bird’ll have a great day, whatever gets planned in her absence ... We’ll all make sure of that, won’t we, son?’ Stevie finished, as he smiled at JR, and then sat down next to Chels.
The loud burp, and little laugh that exploded from the small carbon copy of the Manley boys, whilst he bounced up and down in his highchair, ended the conversation.
‘See ... Even JR agrees,’ Stevie said, whilst patting the little man’s back with a smile.

Funny how everybody thinks they know what you like more than you do. A milestone birthday such as a fortieth can sometimes be a big deal. Not for me, not anymore, the year before, after Max died, I’d hidden myself away and cried myself an ocean.
They weren’t the bobbing balloons and silly card days they had been. No more snowy breakfast in bed, surprise fairy lights and gift trails. I was never going to have Max there to organize such childish events again, the childish events I missed nearly as much as I missed him.
I knew I had to move on, everyone moves on sooner or later, I knew that too. It’s just that I kept asking myself that same question, where do you take the emptiness? How the hell do you fill that missing piece of you? To have it, right there, to go to hell and back and still love each other. How is it possible to lose that?
Some days I found myself angry at him, at Max. Him driving pissed and stoned that night. He was crazy to, but he did. He could have rung me from Stevie’s, that’s where he was driving from, pissed, at wank o’clock in the morning, and high on God knows what. I didn’t want to know. That’s the one report I didn’t want to read. I told his Doctor I wasn’t interested in the toxicology results. I thought it was probably one less little heartache to deal with at the time.
As the emptiness gives way to other emotions you become selfish with your thoughts. It stems from having something one moment and then having it snatched away from under your nose the next. There’s no warning or anything, they’re simply not there anymore. This, you have to except, choke back, swallow, and suffer until further notice. A part stops doing something, you’re not quite sure what that feeling means, and you don’t know how to explain it even. There are up days and down days, just the same as everyone else.
So, what made me so special? I wasn’t the only person who lost Max. I was but a drip in a sea of extended family which had grown as a tree of life. I’d been a part of that extended family. I’d been integrated into the forming of another bough, another branch reaching for the light.
Our light was our son. He shone every night in the same place, up there, in the heavens with his Daddy, Max the music man. That always made me smile, that silly name he gave himself. See how he did that? He could always do that. Make me smile that way.
Forty years I’d been on this earth, forty bloody years. I moved across an ocean and started a new life following a wonderful dream. No one knew any of my real history. I never spoke much about that, why open that can of depressing bullshit. Lost it was, on the other side of the world, buried under a pile of history that hurt the more it was thought about. Let it go, to the winds of time and the vastness that is a lifelong trudge with an empty page. I had no before, to me life didn’t start until I met him
It wasn’t a free ride being with Max. I’d worked bloody hard for everything I had, my lifestyle, keeping the house in Silver Spring, my spoilt animals and my beautiful cars. It had been a hell of a ride, but I wouldn’t have missed, or changed, a single second of it.
Beth had informed me on the phone. There was a gathering for a Sunday birthday treat and I was guest of honour, as it was my treat-day.
That left Saturday free, that left my birthday free. If I wanted to go and do something then I had four days before I had to be all happy at my mother-in-laws. Was this my chance to be anonymous somewhere, where they didn’t know my face? A sunny cove, a beach rave lasting all night, crashing out as it gets light, it was all good shit.
Thanksgiving had come and gone, another few days of party and Stevie still badgered me for ideas. He’d hassled me at every opportunity he’d had, with his what’s happening and where we going? The nearer it drifted to the day the more Stevie made of it. When I’d managed to avoid him over a course of a few weeks he’d rung me at the weekends to see if I’d thought of something.
Yes, we were going to watch ice hockey, yes, we would have a family gathering and, yes, I wouldn’t get mashed up without him. But it didn’t stop him trying. It was as though he wanted to celebrate it more than me.
I knew I wanted to do something to escape the usual, but did I really want to do it alone? The theatre, urgh, maybe a gig, nah, okay then, go somewhere random and party, or stay at home and have a knees up? I’d run out of ideas and was bored of trying to come up with something different. In the end I gave up thinking about it. Maybe it would hit me nearer the day before or something. And, so, that’s what I resigned myself to, maybe something finding me.
It was AJ that found me and kidnapped me in the end. The blonde starlet arrived at my house on the Friday afternoon with an offer I just couldn’t refuse.
‘... Yeah, in my hand are two, yes, two, VIP backstage passes for the one, and only, the amazing, and totally awesome, DJ BJ ... Are ya in, girl, or are ya in?’
AJ had giggled as she flapped the plastic pouches in my face, whilst stood at my front door. My features had then illuminated with the prospect of an all-night rave.
‘Give me a change to get my shit together and I’m there, little sister ... DJ BJ, are you bloody kidding ... We are outta here ...’
After a quick change into something more fitting, and grabbing an overnight bag, we dropped Ziggy off with Winnie for a couple of days. From there we blasted our butts up the long and winding road, the prospect of a blinding event, which awaited us at the end, all the incentive we needed.
It was, without a doubt, a monumental night. Us two girls bounced and boogied to the sound of Drum and Bass, hands in the air, huge grins to our faces. A plethora of different birthday shots were consumed, the evening evaporating as quickly as they did. Huge bubbles floated down from the ceiling as an insanely oversized birthday cake appeared from nowhere. AJ had planned it all. In fact, it had been on the cards for weeks. Bloody cheeky cow, but I do love her.
My birthday present from the crazy chick was ten minutes in a dance cage, hung above the moving hordes. I certainly did my thing in my sequin bikini top, denim shorts and three inch heels. My hair swung, my shimmy shimmered and the crowd went wild. The way the pair of us had dressed it was hard to believe it was touching minus fifteen outside.
Upon being dragged backstage, I was given DJ BJ’s signed t-shirt. No, not a new one, but the one he wore on the night, cool. The whole crew made their mark, cartoon faces and love on both sides. I was a surprised to find out DJ BJ, who was also a big art lover, owned a couple of my prints, and was quite a fan of my work. We stood talking for ages, our friendship to last indefinitely.
Being ejected from the Edmonton venue in the early hours was a shock to both our systems. Snow had fallen, again, in the night and laid a carpet across a numbed landscape. Partly frozen, it twinkled as we wobbled to AJ’s car, her driver ready to rumble us home. It had already been decided that I would stay at AJ’s. It seemed the most obvious answer. Silver Spring was hours away.
AJ and I spent my actual birthday being lazy sods, still in jammies, watching crappy daytime telly, whilst eating ice-cream out of the carton. We nearly managed to drink two bottles of Jack between us, and had a few Cuervo shots along the way.
AJ’s house, the one she owned then, was massive. She rattled around an eight bedroom mansion all by herself, her echoes heard right through. Too big, I though, way too big just for a skinny, little waif like her. I found it funny that AJ could do that. Be all alone in a massive place, no family near, no one to bounce off the walls with, and no pets to welcome her home. It always seemed, well, so lonely there.
‘If ya could go back and change anything, what would it be?’ AJ asked as she spooned more Rocky Road into her mouth.
I stuffed Chocolate Fudge Swirl into my gob and thought for a moment.
‘... Mmm, there’s lots of things I’d change ... For instance, the night Max drove away in that bloody storm, of course I’d change that ... But the next thing, I guess, would be having kids earlier in life ... I would’ve liked lots of kids with Max ... What about you, anything you’d change ...?’
‘Yeah, loads ... One of them being ... I wouldn’t have got involved with that stupid asshole, Brett Wolfram ... What a dick,’ AJ chuckled.
By the time AJ’s driver delivered me back home, in the 4x4, my birthday and Saturday were nearly over. Ziggy greeted me in Winnie’s hall, all waggy and woofy. We had our cuddles then I took him home for an evening by the fire, snuggled up and fading fast. After our late snack, I wandered my stairs to my attic room, dog close behind. The snow fell outside, silent and thick, as he snored in his corner, and I drifted away into my sweet slumber.

The next morning, when I woke up, I was not at all surprised to see a beautifully sunny, but very cold, day. If I’d been in Blighty for my birthday weekend it probably would have been a dank miserable one, with torrential rain and high winds. I loved my Canadian ones and the fact they were white, every year. Somehow it made it even better. It acted as a warm up for Christmas, which was only twenty four days away.
The first year I’d celebrated it in Canada with Max we’d made snow angels in the drifts at the lodge before breakfast. He’d always made them so special, he just could. He filled everyday with light and love, the one small mercy I’ve always been grateful for. We had so much, suddenly there was so little, all gone on a bad bend in the rain.
The previous year had been the worst, my first one without Max. No snow angels, no Max made breakfast, no kisses, no warmth, just tears. I’d locked myself away in Silver Spring from the entire weekend, not wanting to see or hear from anyone. Telling those who cared to keep away, prior to the event, they respected my wishes and did just that. The only one to break his promise was Stevie. He’d rung me on the day just to make sure I was okay.
That year I’d wanted to let go a little, and I’d certainly did that with AJ. My cloudy head from my evening, and day out, was washed away with a hot shower, fives coffees and my birthday spliff, which was smoked on my swinging seat, sat in the snow, Ziggy at my side, and a fleece blanket around my shoulders. The day ahead was going to be a nice one, spent at Beth’s with my little gang of family.
Always only one person missing though, but I couldn’t think sad that day. Needing to be happy was on the agenda, they needed to see that. Regardless of how I was, I had to be happy for their sake. Again, doing something I didn’t really want to do for someone other than myself, but, doing it anyway. They would be watching me all day. There’d be no room for tears or sorrow. I thought about that and giggled to myself.
‘If I feel really miserable, I can burst into tears and shout, I’M SO HAPPY ... Wonder if that’ll work ...?’ I said to the dog, his reply a small gruff.
The once dusty track, now lined with white stuff, which led to Main Street, had been cleared by Walt on his snowplough. Gina had popped over the night before and dropped off my birthday card and little pressie. I sat and opened them at the kitchen table, the smile lifting my lips at the card.
Homemade, it had raised flowerpots and gardening tools dotted across the front of it, very pretty. I ripped open the parcel that had accompanied it, the paper balled up and thrown across the front room for Ziggy to chase. This contained a lovely red sweater with a reindeer on the front, lovely for the time of year, and great for the festive season ahead.
Winnie had dropped in a few days earlier with my gift and card. Also homemade, it showed a girl with her arms full of pretty flowers. The words made me smile, here’s hoping ya have a bloomin’ lovely day.
‘Oh, witty, Winnie Bloom ... Very witty,’ I chuckled aloud, standing the card on the table along with Walt and Gina’s.
The smile stayed awhile as I opened the covered box that sat waiting. I reached in and lifted out the beautiful china picture frame with butterflies to each corner. Big enough to hold a four by six print, I knew exactly what would be sat in that later, after going through my photo collection. It had to be the selfie Max had taken of us the morning of my first birthday in Alberta. We’re sat in bed, my forehead resting against his cheek while he’s smiling at the camera. I’m wearing the beautiful amethyst ring he give me, the one I treasure still.
My smile slowly dropped as the cold wash rinsed over me. There he was again, drifting into my mind and highlighting my loss.
‘Time we go, dog ... We can’t sit here all day ... We have places to go and people to see,’ was spoken aloud in a monotone voice.
Turning to look for Ziggy the smile was there again.
‘Wow, you had fun with that, didn’t ya?’ I chuckled, looking at the shredded paper littered across the floor.
Resembling confetti, I left it there for later. I locked the back door and made ready to leave, the dog already waiting.

The drive to Ponoka was pretty none eventful, the roads clear with not many drivers to be seen. Again the loud music pumped bassy tunes into the 4x4, each track holding a special place in my heart. Ziggy was curled up in the passenger seat, filling and spilling over the sides, as always. The sun was glorious, no clouds to blight my day, and I sang all the way to Beth’s, a sign I was happy with the day so far.
Pulling into the long drive of the beautiful double fronted house, the dog and I jumped out then walked to the front door. It was opened as I reached the steps.
‘Hello, birthday girl ... Have ya had a nice weekend so far?’ Beth asked as we met for a hug.
‘Yep, and it’s such a lovely day too ... That sun is glorious for the second of December, isn’t it? ... Just how we like it,’ I smiled as we walked into her lovely home.
‘... HAPPY BIRTHDAY ...’ was shouted at me as I entered the main part of the house.
I laughed as I looked around the room. They were all there, Stevie, Chels and JR, Walt, Gina, Winnie, Dan, Jake, Hatch and Joey, the whole bloody crew.
‘Arh, shucks, guys, you didn’t have to go to all this trouble for little, ole me,’ I chuckled looking at the table piled high with pretty wrapped gifts and cards.
‘Hey,’ Stevie smiled, ‘it ain’t everyday ya get to blow a whole heap of candles out on a cake, is it? Plus, ya can pretend to be older and wiser, too ... Besides, if we do it now, we don’t have to bother with ya at Christmas, do we?’ he chuckled.
‘Jeez, thanks, bro,’ I laughed back, ‘ya so thoughtful, sometimes ...’
‘How old this year?’ Jake enquired. ‘Twenty one again, again, is it?’
‘Yeah, something like that,’ I grinned, my eyes a little misty for the surprise.
Dan stood with his coffee in his hand. He smiled but seemed a little uncomfortable for some reason, as if he didn’t really want to be there. As I moved towards the laden table, he shifted slightly, the action noticed by me.
‘Hey, Dan, you okay?’ I smiled
Stevie passed me a glass of Champagne. I took it as Dan spoke.
‘Yeah, I’m good ... Happy birthday, by the way ...’
He smiled and walked off into the kitchen, his nearness to me a little too much for him to handle just then. Stevie and I looked at each other.
‘Is he alright? Should I be worried about that look or what?’ I asked.
Stevie pulled a face.
‘I dunno ... He ain’t seemed right since he got here ... I’ll have a word with him in a bit ... See what’s up ...’
With that, I was pulled back into the gang of people who’d massed together to create a day of smiles and laughter, the warmth a lovely feeling.
My gifts were all pretty great. White fluffy snow boots, white fluffy beanie hat, scarf and gloves and a new fluffy pink bath robe from Beth. Hatch and Joey had clubbed together to buy me a limited edition Jack Daniel’s bar set, which also included a litre of Jack, four engraved tumblers, the bar mat and matching glass coasters, and all presented in a large tin that had the words Jack Daniel’s embossed on the front. Jake’s gift was a beautiful fluffy lined leather hooded bomber jacket, that fitted ‘to a tee’ he’d chuckled, pardoning his pun.
Dan’s was a surprise, to say the least. Two thick fleece horse blankets with each horse’s names embroidered on them. They came in two huge boxes with horse heads all over them, and must have cost a fortune. I was very impressed.
Lastly was Stevie and Chels’s presents. There were four in total and came in various size boxes, all wrapped by Stevie himself, so I was informed by Chels. The smallest contained a set of keys. The second contained a pair of leather gloves, the third contained a new full face, pink crash helmet, and the last held a very nice pair of leather bike boots. Them, I was straight into. I looked at the couple with one sentence on my lips.
‘... Where is she then? Here or at your place?’ I smiled at Stevie and Chels.
‘It’s in the garage here ... We can go now, if ya want, or ya can wait for a bit,’ Stevie replied.
‘Stupid question,’ I chuckled. ‘... We go, now ... We go now, now ...’ I chirped.
So, out to the garage we all ambled, me in my new bomber jacket, boots, and the gloves, with my helmet in hand.
‘Ya ain’t gonna ride it today, are ya?’ Beth chuckled, the look on her face amazed.
‘Is the drive and main road clear?’ I asked.
‘... Well, yeah, but don’t ya ...’
Beth didn’t get to finish what she was going to say. She didn’t get the chance.
‘Then, yeah ... I am ... And I’m gonna love it, Beth,’ was my interrupted reply to my mother-in-law.
Yet again Stevie had surpassed himself by wrapping it to the shape of the bike. I remembered two Christmases back when he’d done that for Max. It was the same this time. The shape of the motorbike was pretty obvious as we entered and stood while I ripped the paper away.
‘Oh my God,’ I laughed, ‘just what I always wanted, a bright pink Triumph ... Thanks, you crazy people, I love it ...’
My arms went around the necks of the two friends concerned. JR was sandwiched in the middle, giggling and enjoying the group hug.
‘Right ... I’ll be back in a few ... Gotta take this baby out, now, and I don’t care,’ I grinned as I put my new keys into my new ignition and started her up. It sounded lovely. ‘Mine,’ I chuckled as I put my helmet on and fastened the strap under my chin.
The doors were opened by Joey and Hatch, as I slung my leg over and popped her off the centre stand. I’d been riding Max’s Vulcan but had wanted my own for a while. The guys had come up trumps in a big way. I was over the moon with my new ride, and I could go out whenever I wanted.
‘Be careful, please,’ Beth said as I pulled towards the door.
‘Okay, Ma,’ I replied as I revved, knocked it into gear, and sped off out through the doors and down the drive, everyone following to see me gun it off towards the main road.
‘That girl ain’t gonna last a week on it if she rides like that everywhere,’ Jake chuckled upon my speedy exit.
‘Arh, she’ll be fine ... She’ll wheelie it out there so Ma don’t have a fit,’ Stevie smiled back.
He knew I was pretty good on a motorbike. He had no worries there. As they stood and listened to the sound of it opening up, it roared away, the change in engine tone suggesting it was probably on its back wheel.
Dan walked out into the white world and listened as the bike screamed away up the main road, the sound of its engine, being thrashed, slowly getting quieter. It was the first time Stevie had seen him smile and mean it.
‘Ya okay, dude?’ Stevie asked. ‘Ya didn’t seem too happy in there ... Tee was worried about ya.’
Dan was stood with his hands crammed down into his front pockets, his breath a white vapour in the crisp air.
‘Mmm, kinda ... Tee and me, well, we had words ... Or should I say, she had words ...’
Stevie’s eyebrows rose a little.
‘What ya mean, she had words?’ he asked with a funny look on his face.
‘At the firework party ... I was just concerned about her, she took it the wrong way I guess ... Told me to mind my own, asked if I was the Tee Patrol like I was sticking my nose in where it weren’t wanted ... It kinda punched the wind from my sales is all,’ Dan replied, stepping from one cold foot to the other.
Looking over his shoulder at the little group still stood in the garage keeping warm Stevie grimaced.
‘That ain’t like her ... Ya sure ya didn’t say something to piss her off ... She was pretty wasted that night ... Did ya say something that made her bite back? Ya know she can be a little like that sometimes, even more so when ya get a little too close.’
‘I knew how I meant it, Stevie,’ Dan said looking off down the drive. ‘I just said the wrong thing at the wrong time, and she nearly bit my damn head off ... That’s why I left early ... I didn’t wanna be there after that ...’
‘Wow, I didn’t know ... Sorry, dude, shame it ended like that ... And it was a real good night too, man, what a shitter,’ Stevie replied, hearing the Triumph come roaring back up the drive towards them.
All those that wanted a go got their chance, Walt included. My smile seemed permanently welded there as I languished in my lovely day. Back in the house we were all treated to a chunk of my yummy birthday cake made for me by Beth. That chocolate fudge creation didn’t last long, not with Stevie and me hovering over it.
‘So, what ya get up to yesterday then ... Anything exciting, or did ya just veg out at home?’ Joey asked.
We were all stood, surrounding the fire, letting the warmth take the chill from our bones after a spin on the new bike.
‘Well, as it happens, I was recovering after having a visit from an old friend of yours,’ I chuckled.
‘Oh, yeah ... Who was that then?’ Joey asked, his eyes coming round to look at me, the grin forming on his lips.
‘A young hot head by the name of AJ ... And very nice it turned out too, I might add ... We had one of those spontaneous twenty four hours that you’re never expecting,’ I replied.
‘Oh, wow, is she okay? I was only talking about her the other day,’ Joey chuckled.
‘Yeah, she’s bloody great ... And we had a fab night, the pair of us,’ I smiled, remembering how the night had played out.
Stevie’s head popped in between Joey’s and Hatch’s.
‘What fab night? When was this, recently?’
He was obviously feeling he’d missed out on something.
‘Yeah ... Friday night she appeared at my door, two VIP backstage passes for DJ BJ in Edmonton ... I stayed at her’s and got home yesterday ... It was a bloody stonking night out, Stevie ... We had a bloody scream,’ I chuckled back.
I went on to explain the huge cake, the cage dancing and the party backstage. The highlight of the night was getting the signed t-shirt from BJ and his crew. I was going to get it framed so it could go up on the wall in my retreat, next to the poster of Ea$y.
‘Ya went to a rave ... And ya didn’t take me ... Tee Manley, how I’m even stood here talking to ya now, I don’t know ... I’m not sure if I can ever let ya off this one ...’
Stevie sounded so disappointed from not being asked. He seemed to be sulking as he walked off into the kitchen.
‘Oops!’ I pulled a funny face. ‘Looks like I’ve upset Mister Manley there ... Never mind, he’ll get over it, I’m sure,’ I chuckled.
‘Dude, ya just broke his damn heart,’ Jake smirked. ‘VIP backstage passes, man, they’re as rare as a virgin ho ... Talk about you lucky son-of-a-bitch ... Man, I bet that was a damn good night ...’
‘Jake, it was an awesomely excellent night,’ I almost whispered, not wanting Stevie to hear my excitement. ‘And if the opportunity ever arises again, which I hope it does, I’ll be there, without a bloody doubt ... Talk about mash it up ... It rocked, mate,’ I chuckled.
The rest of the day was spent chatting and eating. Walt, Gina and Winnie made a move as the sun started to drop towards the land and the temperature plummeted. Hatch and Joey trundled off when Hatch finished his coffee, their drive to Edmonton not far to go. Jake and Dan disappeared as the night came crawling across the fields to the west, leaving four adults and a baby sat by the open fire.
‘Right, dog, I’m as sober as I’ll ever be and we’ve had a lovely day, but I’m ready to go ... What about you?’
I spoke down to Ziggy, who then stood, stretched, and then dragged himself away from his spot by the roaring logs, to waddle towards the front door.
‘Okay ... Looks like we’re done,’ I said, lifting from my seat to collect all my gifts and cards together.
‘Well, it’s been lovely to see ya, I hope ya had a lovely day ... I know I’ve enjoyed seeing ya and having ya here,’ Beth smiled as she moved to help me with boxes and bags.
‘No, thank you for doing all this, it was very sweet of you ... And thanks for getting everyone here for it, what a lovely surprise ... I’ve thoroughly enjoyed today ... And thanks for all my lovely gifts too ... All of you ...’
I hugged Beth as Chels and Stevie rose to do the same.
‘We’ll catch up soon so we can plan what we’re doing for Christmas ... Let me know if you guys have any suggestions ... I’m game for anything, you know that,’ I smiled.
Hugs and kisses were exchanged between us ladies, plus a sleepy baby, by the door, the cold keeping those three inside. Once Stevie and I had everything together we made our way to the pickup, Ziggy was already stood by the passenger door as we drew nearer.
‘I’ll ride the bike over in the next few days, if ya want ... Though I don’t think ya deserve it now after ya didn’t take me with ya Friday night ... I’m hurt, Tee.’
Stevie tried to look as his words suggested, but it wasn’t very convincing. The big grin at the end was the giveaway.
‘Oh, Stevie, I’m so sorry, bro ... I’ll try to make it up to ya, somehow,’ I grinned, as we put my bits and pieces on the back seat for their journey home.
‘Yeah ... Bet ya don’t,’ he chuckled, his face in shadow from the porch light.
‘Urh, ya could be right,’ I giggled, hugging him by my car door. ‘I’ll see ya soon ... Be good, ya cheeky sod,’ I grinned. 
‘Yeah ... Drive safe now ... And no stopping to pick up stray snowmen, ya hear,’ Stevie laughed as the car door was shut and the window slid down a little.
‘Okay, Dad,’ I smiled out to him. ‘Love ya ... Bye ...’
‘Huh, and ya call me cheeky, ya damn hussy ... Get outta here before I ground ya, for life,’ he laughed, as I pulled away, my hand coming through the window to wave to all those watching me leave.
~
Stevie Aaron Manley was, and is, a wealthy man, a very wealthy man. Investing in his genre of music has done nothing but help its growth. His favourite assets, if asked, would be his property and his cars. Yeah, he loved those musical instruments and motorcycles too but, for Stevie, it was all about his home and four wheels.
They were pretty poor when he was a kid. They’d owned the farm back then, when his Pa was still alive. He remembered repurchasing the property when he made his first million. It had always been a personal goal, sitting there, just waiting for the right moment.
He had several favourite properties in his possession, but his most favourite, after Manley Mile, was the lodge up near Lake Louise in the Rocky Mountains. It was a stunning location, surrounded by its awesome panoramic view, all the Christmas trees and white stuff you could ever want, a real snowy paradise in winter.
The Alpine log cabin was huge. A beautiful open plan room reached up to the beams, the wood not hidden by plaster. To one side was a country style kitchen, also open plan with an island to centre stage. This was painted a duck egg colour, cool but bright. Through the door in the kitchen you had a shower/toilet, laundry room and drying room. There was a huge cupboard that held the skies and waterproof kit, which sat next to a little den. This housed a dinky wood burning stove and a few bookcases. No TV is to be found in there, Stevie called it the quiet room.
The living area had a vaulted ceiling and the most amazing central fire pit, its chimney a chrome hood and huge pipe leading the smoke outside. The stairs were open and rose at an angle to the balcony above. From here you gained access to the large day landing and three large bedrooms, all with en-suites. Nearly all the front facade was clear glass, and there was a balcony that ran the upper landing outside.

The pretty gables were hanging heavy with snow, the roof under a foot of white flakes. The air was fresh and crisp, exhilarating when dragged through your nostrils. A sapphire sky hung above that one colour land, the snow nearly blue because of it.
‘Do ya think that tree’s gonna be big enough ... It needs to be at least fifteen foot ... I want a real bushy one though, Stevie, not a lopsided one,’ I called across to him, whilst wading through feet of snow. ‘That one there, over there.’
I pointed then moved towards it, Stevie behind with the chainsaw. He stopped and looked up at it, the grin appearing with his stream of breath.
‘I think that’s as good as ya gonna get, honey,’ he advised, my choice a good one.
He shook it causing the snow to dislodge and fall to the grown with a thump. I knew what was coming. I’d held back a little so as not to get covered.
‘Of cause, I’m not sure if I’ve forgiven ya yet,’ he said, his hand about to start his cutting tool.
‘Forgiven me for what exactly?’ I asked.
I was stood behind him in my red snowsuit with my hands on my hips.
‘Is this about my birthday, still? I thought I’d said sorry about that already ...’
‘Nah, it’s not just about ya birthday ... Though that is some of it ...’
The machine burst into life, the tick-over perfect.
After a pause he said, ‘It’s about what happened with Dan at ya Guy Fawkes party ... He didn’t deserve that, honey, he’s ya friend ... He just cares, is all ... Like we all do.’
The tree consumed Stevie as he went in. The fuel powered engine moved a chain through that tree as though it were softened butter on a warm day. It creaked then cracked as Stevie gave it one last push. Falling slowly it went in the direction he’d wanted, the sound of its landing a call across the vast, white plain.
I waded over with the rope in my hands and between us we managed to tie it up enough to handle it.
‘Oh, you heard about that did you?’ I winced, turning to him.
‘Mmm, yeah, it got back to me ... I wasn’t impressed, Tee ... Not like you, not like you at all ...’
Dragging the soaked rope, the one with the big hook attached to the end, he wandered off to winch the column of wood towards its waiting sledge. Before he pressed the button and moved away, his face came back to look at me.
‘Maybe ya should take a little time to think about what went down with him there ... He’s a good man, honey ... Don’t wound him if ya don’t want him ... And don’t play games with him, either ...’
With the winch in motion he waded to the snowmobile getting ready to leave.
‘... And while ya at it, don’t hurt him, full stop ... He’s my friend ...’

It was getting dark as we reached the cabin. The tree was unloaded then chopped down to a size we could manage and was then dragged inside. Nothing went to waste. The off-cuts were used in the stove or the fire. The cold was left to its white world as we were cocooned by the warmth of within. Kits were cast off as boots were kicked to one side, a rope was untied and a tree was released.
JR’s eyes were the size of starlit pools, the wonder stealing every ounce of his concentration. He watched from Chels’s knee as his Daddy and Aunt worked their magic. Nana Beth was adding to the excitement with her boxes of sparkly stuff and hanging colours that turned and reflected.
The jewels seen in firelight had the baby hypnotized, the rainbows being caught in his eyes. As he watched, he leant further and further forward on his Mommy’s knee.
Once seated in its rightful position, with half barrel and bolster below, it looked a mile high to the small tot. He was Jack with his Beanstalk, and he was climbing. His little arms and legs started flapping, he wanted to get going. He could see his little quest already.
‘Look at that little sucker go,’ Stevie laughed, looking at his son’s movements. ‘Jeez, don’t put him down, for the love of God, he’ll hit that floor and be gone in a trail a flames, ooh-wee ...’
‘What you been feeding him, Chels? ... Rocket fuel ...?’ I laughed, turning to see my tiny nephew about to take off.
‘Let him go ... Bet he keeps it up this time,’ Beth chuckled from her side of the tree. She was sorting through the lights to see which ones still worked.
Chelsea put the tots feet to the floor. He bounced up and down a few times, making funny noises, and then looked at his Daddy with his tongue and finger to his lips. He was, by that time, standing between his Mommy’s knees, an elbow over each one, and he was concentrating alright, but not on Stevie. His sights were set a little higher than his Daddy.
As his elbows lifted his little foot moved forward, finding his balance. He almost missed it, but then found his footing. Giving it all he had, he was off.
That Christmas JR did a lot of walking, and he didn’t stop there, he just kept right on going, he was robotic. But, for all the steps he took that year in the cabin, and for all the valiant efforts he made, he never did get to be Jack up that amazing beanstalk thing, with the pretty lights and the twinkly stuff hanging from it.
~
Every New Year Manley Mile held a huge hoedown. The list of names was always impressive from Directors to celebrities; and there was always a plethora of well-known faces. Just to make it a little more interesting Stevie always insisted that it be a fancy dress event, only because he wanted to be one of a million different cartoon characters. That particular year Chels and he did Tom and Jerry. Stevie was the dog, Butch, and Chels was Tom, the cat, whilst baby JR, bless him, was Jerry, the little mouse, and very cute he looked, with his big ears and little tail.
Various other famous characters from history attended, the obligatory Marilyn Monroe was present and there was almost the whole cast of Grease, Chicago and several Transformers. Beth came as Scarlett from Gone with the Wind, Joey did a very good version of The Incredible Hulk, and Hatch became a rather funny looking Smurf with his rotund blue beer belly.
Jake made a very good Cap’n Sparrow and had even perfected the accent, which went down a storm, especially with me. Dan looked rather fetching dressed in his pristine white Officer’s dress uniform, the crisp white hat sitting perfectly over his trimmed dark hair and dark eyes.
It took weeks to work out what I wanted to go as. Halloween had seen me dressed as my usual zombie with skin hanging off my face, and the Easter Parade had seen me dressed as a huge white rabbit. The last year I’d attended with Max was one of the best. We turned up as Bonnie and Clyde in our ravishing 1930’s attire, the fake Gatling guns a must.
I didn’t attend the previous year, preferring to stay away from everyone, what with it being my first one alone, without him. The party mood wasn’t on my agenda at the time. It had been the hardest one to survive, but survive it I did. 
Winnie came to my rescue a week before Christmas with the idea of dressing as Cat Woman. As soon as it popped from her lips I was on it like a cat on catnip. It was ordered online and once the alterations were made it looked pur-fect.
A huge marquee run from the open sided kitchen giving everyone room to move. This also housed a bar, dance floor and stage. There was also a local fresh faced band hired for the night. They were brilliant and kept the music pumping until midnight when the toast was raised. Glasses were charged and the countdown was broadcast from Toronto onto Stevie’s huge flat screen TV, sat on the stage. Afterwards the band abandoned their gear and partied with the rest of us.
Yet again the Manley style flowed. Some got up to entertain us musically, whilst the rest partied till the wee, small hours. Those that had Winnebagos crashed in them. Those that had drivers retired to a city hotel, some stayed, such as me, others boogied on home. It was a wonderful night of silly fun and new friends being made. All in all, it rocked.
I found I was alone in the huge kitchen staring at the Manley wonder wall. A fantastic collection of photos, taken by many, and mainly holding the faces of those that remained at the end of each and every hoedown at Manly Mile. Those I focused on held only one person of interest.
Max should have been there dressed as Batman. No one had appeared in a cape with his pants on the outside. I felt sad for not seeing that. It was the part of me that was missing, my nemesis.
‘It’s a great thing to look over, isn’t it?’
The soft voice came from behind me.
I turned to see Dan leant against the kitchen island, drink in his hand, hat wedged under his arm.
‘Mmm, a wonder wall for no other reason, I guess ... I was just looking at you all when you won your first CMA Award ... How young you all are,’ I chuckled, turning back to look at Max, my smile ending my words, my fingertips tracing his outline.
I moved towards the man stood behind me and perched on the stool, my shiny, black, clawed hand placing my drink on the counter behind.
‘Dan ...’
His shadowed face tuned towards me.
‘I’m so sorry I jumped down your throat ... Ya know, on Guy Fawkes Night ... I was out of line and shouldn’t have been such a bitch ... You meant well, I know ...’
‘Hey, little pussy cat, that’s all last year now,’ he smiled. ‘Let’s just forget that and move on, huh? ... A New Year is a new start ... Don’t sweat it ... I was outta line just as far ... We’ll call it quits and be buddies again ... I like it better that way ...’
His gentle voice was a nice sound to hear, the forgiveness a two way street.
‘Yeah, buddies again ... I like it better that way too,’ I smiled back.
~
The same loop ran constantly as the guys sat at the mixing desks, fingers to slides, no talking, just listening. The instrumental music for another movie had been their most recent project. Although many things had changed for the band known as Ea$y, what with Max’s absence, many new doors had opened.
Numerous Directors of film and TV had approached them about theme and incidental scores. Each of them had their own projects going on too. Stevie was part of the Canadian Music Production Company (CMPC). They helped get music out to the youngsters, gave them all a taste, near and far. Jake was a single again, partly involved with stuff on the side, happy with his cats, Cheech and Chong, he lived in the city and was having a ball, boy style. That left Dan.
Wow, he was, and still is, a handsome guy. Tall, a bit of a hunk, and as fit as fuck. Dark, broad, and with the look of an Italian schoolboy, he was rock steady, straightforward, a jester and a bloody good drummer.
He was a bit of a love rat through the earlier years. You could say ‘the girls came easy’, pardon the pun. He’d dated models and had flings with various movie starlets, plus there was some fun to be had with a scattering of brunettes when otherwise not occupied. He enjoyed, and played, the field of his youth, but they always moved on after a while, their careers, their differences, or their lives breaking the bond. He was sad for a while, but something else always came along.
Dan’s last year had seen many changes. He’d downsized in many ways, sold off his empty properties, retreated to the mountains. He loved his life and where it was heading, each day holding another opportunity to get involved with another possible dream.
He’d struck up a band of his own, HeadWay. They rehearsed, messed around in the studio and played at charity gigs mainly. Having a laugh doing it, they raised money for a good cause and made more contacts along the way. Life was good.
Dan had seen a few changes in himself as well. He looked at life differently after Max going the way he did. He didn’t drive pissed and stoned anymore. If he was out in the city he always booked into a five star hotel, a limo at beck and call. The baggage was dropped, the one night stands, the clubs, the weekends lost around someone’s pool unable to see straight. New drum techniques were tried and tested, more training, gym time, the drive to be better, the drive to be the best.
I think I’d been on his mind for months, ever since I returned from the Canadian tour I did with AJ. We’d fine-tuned the song together, spent a few days rehearsing it, nothing seemed any different, or so I thought. Guess his feelings towards me were changing, maybe evolving onto another level even.
Watching me at the memorial, hearing me sing like that, seeing my face light up with the notes and lyrics, man, I must have looked alive yet so sad. Maybe he still regretted the incident the New Year he saw me with Shay Blane. Jeez, that ended badly, all hell had broken loose, Max punching Shay, me slapping Max, cussing and crying, wow, explosive.
The tour that followed saw us strike up a funny friendship between journeys. Forgiveness came with drunken nights at pool parties and stoned giggles backstage. We spent most of one night sat in deckchairs on the tuck truck roof stargazing, with a bucket of beer and a bag of puff. Stevie joined us, the hours rolling towards dawn, another passing of crap jokes and silly faces.
He’d witnessed the change in me after the loss of our son, we both changed, both Max and I. Dan could only watch as two of his crazy, loveable friends dissolved before his very eyes. He could understand our deep feeling of loss. He’d lost an older brother when he was a kid. That feeling never left. He’d watched again when Max departed, the devastation leaving another gapping tear through everyone’s lives.
Regardless of all that, regardless of the pain, the loss, the missing, the grieving, my laugh still hung light across a dim room. When I entered, he knew I was there. To be touched by my smile, caught in my twinkly eye, or involved in a nudge and chuckle, I made it a moment to enjoy, even if your heart was breaking. I knew what you needed, I’d seen it all.
Dan hadn’t realised it until I came home. He’d missed me, they’d all missed me, it was somehow wrong when I wasn’t wandering about the lodge. It was good to hear my voice coming from the room next door. When I was home the place was alive again.
Time changes us, the way we look at things, at people. We get to a point where material things aren’t quite as important anymore. Dan had made his money, enough to see him out and a bit besides. Investing wisely and being an astute decision maker had left Dan in a very comfortable position. Wealthier than he ever dreamt he could be he could finally live life to the full.
His old inherited boat, renamed Nirvana, was moored off the coast of Mystique, and was made for the most perfect of party holes. Once it dripped in bikini clad babes and featured in many a rock star video. Tagged ‘Pussy Palace’ by those that had partied there, it was his pride and joy.
In the last year those decks had fallen silent. The paper lanterns no longer shone and twisted in the warm summer night’s breeze. Sunsets weren’t watched, drinks weren’t poured, there was to be no more explicit sex heard from the cabins below. It’s where Dan went for vacations, the occasional ten days escape, and his way to touch base with reality. It helped him get his head together after a manic tour. He would sail up to the Gulf of Mexico, scuba dive, chill with low music, a spliff and a book. That was his Nirvana. That was him going home.
I’d been there several times. Once was after they’d won their first NMF (National Music Federation) Award. Another time was for Dan’s birthday. It was a Pirate Party and was one of the most memorable. That long weekend in spring saw his boat heaving with guests. A crazy mix of people came and went. Food and drink, of much quantity, was shipped in, literally.

‘Dan ... Dan ...’ Stevie’s voice broke in.
Dan’s train of thought was lost to the dulcet tones.
‘... Urh, sorry ... What were ya saying?’
His face turned towards the two other guys in the room. Stevie and Jake were sat quietly, eyebrows raised, silly smiles on their faces.
‘Okay,’ Stevie was the first to speak, ‘come on ... Who is it, and what’s her name ...?’
He crossed his arms as his head tilted to an angle. He had that look on his face, the one that said, here we go again.
Dan chuckled as he shook his head slowly.
‘Nah, it’s not a girl,’ he smiled. ‘I’m good ... Just a bit tired, I guess.’
He moved from his seat towards the door.
‘I gotta get me some air, wake up a little ... See ya both in a bit ...’
Jake looked at Stevie as Dan’s back disappeared through the main door and off up the stairs.
‘He ain’t tired,’ he chuckled, ‘the damn fool’s in lurve ... Look at him ... Like a lost puppy ... But it’s somehow different this time ... But he’s in lurve ... Well, bite my balls.’
Jake’s face illuminated with a smile as Stevie turned to face him, arms still crossed.
‘Jakey baby, I think ya could be right there,’ he grinned. ‘Wonder who the hell it is ... He’s usually blabbed by now, this ain’t like him ... I’m curious, and I hate that feeling, it usually gets me into all sorts a damn trouble,’ he ended with a chuckle, his Max like grin still there.
Jake nudged him, elbow to elbow.
‘Go on then ... Go do ya big bro thing and have ya adult boy chat ... He’ll open up to you ... Maybe he’ll chill out a bit afterwards ... Ya see his face, dude?’
Stevie’s smile slowly dropped as he rose from his chair.
‘Fuck that,’ he laughed aloud, ‘I wanna know who the hell the girl is ...’
He moved sideways and spun out of the door taking the same path Dan had.
Jake was left to the loop, his head finally moving to the beat of drum and bass. He took the unlit spliff from the ashtray and held it in his fingers. Looking once at the door, which Stevie had slipped through, he shrugged his shoulders and put a light to the end. Game over.

As Dan burst through the top studio door I was walking into the den after a ride out on Big Boy. The big chunk of white horse would happily go for long hacks, ridden by his soppy owner, and accompanied by his field sharer, Misses BB, a bay mare about the same age, and the dopy, small, brown thing that hurtled all over the place.
‘Wow, that’s stunning out there today ... And what a way to see it, spring has most definitely sprung ... I love it, it’s so clean ...’
I dropped the saddle and reins onto the corner couch, my eyes fresh and clear, nose running, out of breath.
‘That ride was amazing, hell for leather, two horses, one leading the other, the rider as alive as the beast below ...’
I stopped talking and looked at Dan’s smiling face.
‘How’s it going downstairs? ... It coming together, is it?’
My tone was as light as ever, the smile always there to be seen.
‘Yeah,’ Dan replied. ‘It’s coming together okay ... My brain was getting a bit mushy so I was gonna get some air, wake up a bit ... You know the thing ...’
His eyes swung round to rest on the doors and the balcony beyond. He needed to be out there, but at the same time, he wanted to be in there, with me. You could see it in his mannerisms.
‘I was gonna make some tea ... Would you like one? ... I’ll bring you one outside if you’d like?’
I was talking as I walked to the kettle, filled it and then placed it on to boil.
‘Are the others coming up too?’ I smiled from the mug tree.
Dan slid his hands into his front pockets and walked towards the den side of the counter.
‘Urh, I don’t know ... They might follow me up, I’m not sure,’ he finished as his torso leant against the dark marble top. ‘I wandered up alone ...’
He fell quiet.
Topping up the kettle, just in case they appeared and required a hot beverage of some sort, I spoke over his sudden silence.
’Ya know, if you ever want to take a ride out you only have to ask Dan ...’ I ambled over and stood facing him. ‘Misses BB would be gentle with you ... I promise,’ I grinned, his chuckle putting an upward curl to the corner of my lips.
‘I might do that ... Would be nice after a day in the dungeon ... Haven’t ridden in a while but ... It might be nice to get back in the saddle again,’ he smiled over at me, the kettle boiling taking my gaze away from him.
He couldn’t move, frozen at the sight of those grey eyes that twinkled like diamonds. He liked the feeling. It made him glow with an inner warmth.
‘Grab me the next time we’re both about ... I can go whenever ... Except when it’s raining ... I hate it in the rain, and that stupid horse gets all moody and unresponsive ... I don’t even bother now, can’t see the point ...’
I was moving around, the fragrance of fresh tea infusing the kitchen air. Dan’s mug had just landed in front him, delivered with a smile from me, when Stevie appeared at the studio door. The look on his face changed slightly as he clocked Dan stood chatting with his sister-in-law. The grin broadened on Stevie’s face, the naughty schoolboy coming to life again.
‘Hey, ya got tea,’ he whined as a child would. ‘Where’s mine? That ain’t fair, I want some too ...’
His face appeared around the kitchen doorway as I passed him his usual BSA mug with his beverage just as he liked it, strong with three sugars, teabag still floating inside.
‘Where’s my spoo...’
The grin hung on his sulking face as I lifted the shiny silver stirrer in the other hand. 
‘Jeez, ya have it all covered, don’t ya?’
His eyes didn’t move from mine as he snatched it from its raised position. My sarcastic grin hadn’t left my face as my chuckle rolled. He turned on Dan.
‘And I don’t know what you’re laughing at, Mister I’m Hiding Something ... We caught that daze downstairs ... You were lost, man ... Jake can be kinda slow, but even he saw it ... So, come on, give it up ...What’s her name?’
Stevie put his mug down and watched Dan whilst rubbing his hands together. His eyebrows slowly rose as he finished his question.
Dan was stood, palms against the edge of the counter, arms straight, legs crossed. While Stevie had his say Dan’s head had dropped forward, his dark hair, cut nicely, fell to hide his features, a mop of chestnut, thick and shiny. Dan was trying to stifle laughs. When he’d managed to swallow them back down he was able to turn to face his friend.
‘Stevie,’ he smiled, ‘is that why ya came up here, to get a name outta me? Shame on you ...’
‘No, ’ Stevie answered, ‘I wanted to make sure ya were okay, actually ... Ya went a bit peaky there ... Looked like that face ya get when ya start having flash-backs ... I felt for ya, was all,’ Stevie bullshitted back.
‘Ooh, there’s a girl?’ I enquired, suddenly drawing closer, bone china mug in hand.
It was too late, I’d heard. Dan spoke before Stevie could tell his version.
‘They seem to think I’ve got a new chick in tow ... But I haven’t ... Still, it’s driving ‘em nuts,’ he laughed, my smiling eyes settling on his.
There was that feeling again. He wondered if it showed on his face anywhere. Still watching Dan I spoke to Stevie.
‘Bro, stop with the naughty boy act and grow up ... God, you’re like a little kid in a playground ... D’ya need me to slap ya legs, huh, do ya?’
I tutted as my gaze swung round to my brother-in-law. The cheeky smile hadn’t left my lips. I pulled a face at him before I walked off to get a refill from the teapot.
‘Oh, while you’re here ...’
I turned back to Stevie with a more serious face, stirring my tea.
‘I was wondering ... Have you guys got studio time booked here tomorrow?’
The question was directed straight at my bro-in-law, my eyes shining in that steely grey bordering on blue. I was as straight as I’d ever been.
‘As it happens ... I think we’re just about done ... We got about ten days before deadline, I reckon we can take a few days out.’ The question settled onto his face. ‘Why?’
I took a large swig of tea and swallowed loudly.
‘... Dan wanted to take a ride ... If you’re not busy tomorrow we could go then ... If that works for Dan, of course?’
All eyes swung to look at him. He stood up straight, hands coming to rest in back pockets, weight onto one hip.
‘Wow, that sounds great ... I’m up for that if you are ...’
He hoped he didn’t sound too eager. Dan’s gaze flicked from me to Stevie before shifting back again, a chuffed smile sweeping over his features.
‘We’ll call it quits for this week then,’ Stevie was happy to say, finishing his tea, before putting the mug in the sink as he always did. ‘I’ll go tell Jake we’re done and that he can spook off home ... We’ll meet back here on Monday ... Gives us four days out ... Sounds like a plan to me ...’
He walked the hall back towards the studio door.
‘See you two in a few ... I’ll shutdown, Dan ... Then I’m shimmying on outta here ...’
Two more words were called from the stairs as he descended them.
‘... I’M DONE ...’
~
The lodge fell quiet once the guys had left. All that remained were Max’s ghost and me, alone at last, just as I liked it. I wandered the rooms looking for him, hoping to find a sign he was still with me.
The DVDs of award ceremonies and silly themed parties were taken from their special place and watched on the TV that hung on the wall in the den. Moments of Max’s exploits were seen in full colour, 5.1 surround, as funny and as serious as ever. I would laugh and cry a hundred times but would never change a moment. Forever filed on flash drive and disc they would always be at my fingertips if I was lost for just one day.
A few alterations to the living quarters of the lodge had taken place. I’d redecorated the Master Suite, only the bedroom though, not the dressing/wardrobe area or massive bathroom, they were perfect as they were. I treated myself to a new double sleigh-bed, in maple wood, with a mattress that lifted on hydraulic supports. It held my collection of footwear within its base. The old super-king-size had become way too big, and had been way too lonely for far too long, it had to go. The beige to the walls was replaced by a lovely soft lemon, the ceiling and woodwork in an iceberg white. It was light and airy, tranquil and at peace.
The den was changed to one wall of manila hessian and three walls of pale cream. All the big lumpy couches were gone, except the old Chesterfield with my Mexican shawl over the back of it, and it now housed a new u-shaped seating unit for up to ten, maybe twelve, bodies. Four could sleep on it without touching feet or head, no problem.
The light flooded in onto the cosy space, the scent of joss cones burning somewhere. It was a great place to chill and watch the huge sixty inch SMART TV with incredible audio. Everything fed through that to the Mega Surround. You should have heard it thumping out a little 3 Doors Down, you couldn’t beat it.
Music was playing quietly in the background as I sunk into the corner of the unit. Scatter cushions were in all the comfy places, my feet up on the maple coffee table, my latest acquisition.
Smoking a small spliff and having a long cold drink was my way of ending another busy day. The vertical blinds were closed for the night, the dog had put himself to bed, and the main lights no longer glared enough to make my eyes sore. These had been replaced with soft up-lighters and lit scented candles on large glass platters, the aroma of winter spices and cinnamon apples filling the calming space.
I was trying to read, but it wasn’t happening. The book landed with a slap next to me on the cushion. I wasn’t reading it at all. I hadn’t been reading it for the last twenty minutes or so. I’d been thinking about one thing, well, not a thing but a ‘him’.
Closing my eyes, my hand came up to cover them. Maybe I was just tired after my ride. It’d been a long day one way or another. I looked at the clock shaped like a huge pocket watch. It was twenty to eight in the evening and there was still some light to the sky. I smiled, the memory of Max’s silhouette against the skyline fading out of view. 
The muted TV replayed our four weeks of five star hotels in Los Cabos. The boys wanted to do a whirlwind tour of all the clubs and bars, which we did, as a pat on the back for winning another award. We’d all crashed on Dan’s boat for a week after that to recover. It was moored just off the coast, a speedboat ride and you were there. Images of our capers flashed on the screen, a silent movie but in colour, the faces alive.
I picked up the remote and turned the music off. Pressing another button the sound of laughter and the voices to my most favourite people could be heard. I was recording so you could only hear my voice to begin with. I was slobbed out on the long run of deck couch, my shoulder against Max, who was sort of propping me up at the time. I had my feet up crossing Chels’s. She was doing much the same thing, slouched against Stevie. I have the digital camcorder and we were all pretty wasted.
I’d caught the hysterical laughter, as Dan and Jake did their own version of Country Road in hammed up Hillbilly accents. It gets a bit joggled at this point because I’m laughing so much, but take a moment to listen to the audio, and it’ll have your sides hurting in seconds. Slowly the camera pans down to my feet, and you can hear the silly conversation I was having with Chels about men being so much like children. It was as we were giggling at her reply the camera was snatched from my hands by Stevie.
‘Yeah, we’re just, great, big, kids,’ you hear him say as the picture jumps all over the place. ‘How the hell does this thing work? Oh ... I get ya ...’
Suddenly he’s in control, Stevie’s king of the camera, and now it’s from his angle. Profanity is heard, broadcasted over the next few minutes, a chugging contest is then won by Max, and Chrissie and Ben are seen snogging on the lower deck. Stevie’s detection work had hunted them out. Then the recording cuts off just before the screen goes blank.
Next the camera turns to Chelsea with JR in her arms. Suddenly the music is dropped and shushes wave across a sea of softened faces.
We’d woken the baby.
‘Arh ... Little dude ... What’s wrong?’ Stevie’s voice soothes from behind the viewfinder.
The very sad face of his baby boy peeks over from his Mommy’s chest, his thumb is in his mouth and he’s got the other intertwined in Chelsea’s stray strands of hair, his little chubby fingers combing through it, calming down at last. His balling had died down to big sporadic sharp intakes of air, his eyes puffy and his cheeks red and blotchy. He’d been in a real panic.
You can hear Chels mumble something in the background, the comment made to me from across our divide, and a few people start to chuckle. Stevie is then heard asking what she’d said.
‘I was telling Tee ... He was only carrying on cuz he wanted to be up here with all of us ... He was just feeling a little left out ... He’ll be okay now ... Keep talking everyone ... He’ll doze off soon enough ... Just like his Pa ...’
The giggle that followed was infectious. It chased a line through our nearest and dearest, a lovely sound on a lovely warm night. Everyone loved JR. They did then as they do now.
The boat emptied in the next run of film, the usual suspects remaining behind. Once the last of the taxi boats were done peace laid a calming hand over our hushed voices.
The paper lanterns lit the deck, the party of ten and one quarter people all sat in a circle, quietly chatting about the week to come and their trip to Las Vegas. The quarter sized person is seen wrapped in a Winnie the Pooh blanket, blue monster slippers in place, snuggled into his Daddy, and the camera is once again back in my hands.
JR is being hypnotized by the moving points of coloured lights that hang in his line of sight. I zoomed in as the voices chortle in the background. On the TV, sat in the den, I stop the frame. JR’s eyes are glancing up and he has the face of an angel, what a beautiful shot.
I left the large image of that gorgeous soul hung on the wall, finished the last of my drink, and then went off in search of another. Standing up, my hand hit the play button and the DVD ran through the silliness that acted as silence filler, whilst I refilled my glass with more Jack and cola, long, no ice.
By the time I returned to my spot on the couch, the view was seen from the hands of the lovely Joey. I loved that part. Popping it back on pause, I resumed my comfortable couch position. With my drink at hand, and a joint in the ashtray, I was ready to roll.
For the next few minute there’s casual banter, the boys have a couple of laughs between them, Chels and I are heard chatting with Chrissie. JR is still eyes wide open taking it all in. Every so often his head would turn the other way. He was trying to focus on a different voice, a different face. He already knew the most important ones. They fed, hugged and made him giggle uncontrollably. In fact, those that surrounded him that night.
Jake was sat opposite Stevie and JR, Chels was to Stevie’s left, sat on the corner section, I was to one side with Max, and the rest were scattered on the remaining squishy seats. Then into Joey’s view walks Dan with an acoustic in one hand.
The banter is still a mumble in the foreground as Joey zooms in on Hatch scratching his crotch. As he does so, the hand stops, turns, and waves to the camera. The shot then follows up Hatch’s body only for the other hand to come into view flicking him a straight middle finger. The shot then moves to Hatch’s face and the sarcastic look as he grins in a slightly manic way. No words are exchanged.
While this silliness is going on, in the background you can just make out a guitar being played, the tripping strings skimming tunes everybody knows by heart. Dan’s having a bit of a play and he’s quite good. What happens next is what I’d been waiting for, the next three minutes of this wonderful DVD.
The camera is turned as Dan starts playing the opening bars to an Ea$y lullaby. His sweet voice washed lovely lyrics over the faces of those around him, all tucked in for the night, resting and happy. When the chorus is reached the screen is filled with Max and I sat this side of Stevie, his little rug-rat still cocooned to him. Joey zooms out enough so he fits everyone into the shot. Then I started to sing in harmony with Dan, the sweet, soft sound spilling out onto the moon drenched waters beyond.
When the pair of us finished, JR’s eyes had closed and he was resting in heavenly peace. All you heard was ‘Wow ...’ from Joey, the picture then bounced around a bit more before that awesome night, and DVD, came to an end.
I ejected the disc from the player and put it in its case on the big pile of similar timeless events found just to the right. There were more on the left, too, so it didn’t really matter what side I put it. Switching everything off and blowing out candles, I ambled through the silent rooms to the almost vacant bedroom.
Walking to the wardrobe section, between bedroom suite and dressing area, I pulled open the white Louvre doors and stood gazing at the garments. My left hand slunk in over some of his shirts of different styles, the few favourite hoodies and sweatshirts I’d retained, his Armani tux. A narrow row of small shelves ran down the left side, top to bottom. This housed my beloved t-shirt collection and the socks only I was allowed to wear. I leant in to inhale an armful of Max’s remnants, my eyes fastened closed, with this came the swirl of days gone by.
Stepping back I secured the memories behind closed doors, a loud sigh exhaled with the effort, the brush with Max still on my hand.
The dog I’d only seen for part of the day was in his pit in the bedroom, the spot where he dragged his big cushion to, regardless of where you wanted it to be. If you put it by the door in the morning it’d be two foot from the French windows, again, by the time you’ve finished breakfast. He raised his head once as I entered the room. I switched on the sidelights then disappeared again. When I entered for the last time Ziggy was snoring.
Snuggling down into soft cotton bedding, under a quilted patchwork bedspread, the weight was enough for warmth. Turning onto my back, and looking up at the ceiling, that feeling struck me again. What was that emotion I was trying to decipher and who was I watching that time? I bit my lip and turned onto my right side staring at the bedside lamp. It had beads hanging from the yellow marbled glass shade. I was reminded of 1930’s skull caps worn with those stunning flapper dresses, very elegant.
I almost laughed aloud at the realisation. I’d just seen him, Dan. No, I’d really looked and I saw him, sat there, watching it then. Was I allowed to be feeling that way when looking at that particular person? Oh dear, that was naughty, but I liked naughty. But it was Dan, the drummer from Ea$y, one of Max’s best friends and band buddy, surely, it was a no go area, wasn’t it?
The question hung in my mind as I clicked off the lamp ready to drift into a happy slumber. Ziggy was still snoring, a sweet little whistle of a snore, if he moved it would stop for a while but then start again after another movement of his head.
All was quiet within, all was quiet beyond. Another day faded into a yesterday and with that came a ride out and picnic by the stream. How the other half live, I ask you.
~
Dawn had cruised slowly over flatlands and farms to reach the lodge at the base of the mountain. Ziggy had been out for his early morning wee and thing. I had woken up a little more with the walk to the front doors. He’d wandered off then wandered back again. The TV on in the background informed me of the day’s news, and what weather I could be expecting over the next twenty-four hours. Coffee sat in its pot on the hob, breakfast was finished with, and the day was about to get a whole lot brighter.
With what was to be found in the fridge I managed two nice little picnic panniers. There were crusty rolls already buttered, soft brie and a gorgeously strong blue cheese. Apples and grapes nestled in another clear container, cookies and shortbread to have for dessert next in line. The other side held the favoured red wine of the week. Two bottles were tucked in with the resin wine glasses, long stemmed, large bowl.
By the time I’d sorted that out and pulled all the tack upstairs, I heard the vehicle coming to a stop down the drive. Ziggy helped, of course, he was stood at the open door, tail wagging, the odd woof heard. Walking over and looking out the den window revealed Dan climbing from his truck and heading for the lodge steps.
‘Go get him, psycho killer dog,’ I smiled down at the silly mutt, his rear end still moving side to side frantically. ‘... Kill ... Main ... Dismember ...’ was called after him as he shot along the raised decking and down the steps to welcome his new play pal for the day.
He circled Dan several times, the odd jump for fuss included, before hurtling back to me. His job was done. I had been informed that another upright pack member had arrived safely.
Having taken the steps two at a time, Dan walked in through the opened door to be greeted, yet again, by the silly dog as though he’d forgotten Dan was there. The ritual started all over again, the fuss, the chat, the ‘I’m down here ... Here ... It’s me, yeah, me ... I’m here ... Yeah, me, it’s me again ...’
Dan took it all in his stride. He’d get to me, eventually.
‘Ziggy, calm down, you crazy dawg,’ I said from across the space between us. ‘Morning, hope you’re ready for this? ... I think it’s going to be a good day for a ride out ... You want coffee before we go ...?’
The questions were asked as I appeared for my kiss and hug as ever.
‘Yeah, I’m ready,’ Dan replied, stepping around the now fussed dog and walking over for the way-too-quick embrace and snatched peck to cheek. ‘And coffee sounds like a plan too, thanks ...’
Dan propped onto the nearest stool and watched me bring filled mugs over, the brown sugar and milk also on the tray.
‘I thought we could take the trail along the stream ... It cuts through the trees further up the meadow, we can ride for quite a way if we head along to Kush Corner ...’
The information came to light as Dan sipped his coffee and watched me talk.
‘Well, you know the tracks round here better than I do, so, you can lead the way ...’ 
Another sip was taken from his mug.
‘Ya got everything packed?’ he asked. ‘Ya need help with anything?’
‘Nope,’ I smiled, ‘All done ... Been up for ages, so sorted ... The tack’s over there ... We just need to saddle up and we’re ready when you are ...’ I looked over at Dan’s nice smile. ‘You okay for boots and a hat? I have spares if ya haven’t?’ I continued, my eyes never leaving his.
He blinked a few times and then looked down at his feet.
‘Boots on ... No hat though,’ he almost blushed.
‘Not a problem,’ I chuckled in reply as I walked off towards the store cupboard in the hall. Within a few moments I was back with a hat that fitted him fine.
‘One that got left here ages ago after one of our shindigs ... It if fits, and ya like it, keep it ... Lord knows how long it’s been in there,’ I finished, my empty mug returning to the tray between us.
Dan’s mug joined it.
‘You ready then ... Need a pee before we go?’ came from the hall as I vanished off for one myself.
‘Yeah, I better,’ he called after me. ‘What with the bouncing and all that ... Guess I better force one outta me ...’
When we were ready we made our way down with the saddles, tack and panniers. Ziggy ran off head, already aware of the path we were to take. He knew we were off on another adventure, and was hoping we’d go to his favourite spot with the tumbled down bank. Unbeknown to him, that’s exactly where we were heading.
A brittle crust of old snow lay, melting, across the meadow. The lower half was still boggy, sodden and as squelchy as any good marshland. Steamy breath didn’t bellow from us that morning. It was warm as we trudged our heavy leather loads up the steep incline and towards the huge Dutch barn before us.
As we entered the warm building two faces turned our way. Big Boy and his misses were stood ripping hay from a net. As soon as they saw their guests they both knew what was to come. Somebody was going out, and they both hoped it was them.
As saddles and other stuff were slung up and onto the low wall, the one that surrounded them, both horses wandered over. That sweet smell of mints had already attracted both their attentions. As large heads loomed down at the two people of interest, hands were already offering the most favoured of treats.
The mints were consumed while saddles were added and, as bits came into contact with teeth, they were ready to go rumble in the great outdoors. As panniers were being loaded a front hoof started to bang against the enclosure. He was getting restless and it was starting to show.
‘Steady on, bossy boy,’ I chuckled at my big white mount. ‘Anybody would think you’re never released ...’
He stopped for a few seconds but the banging started again, his way of hurrying me up.
‘Okay, if you don’t quit that now the saddle comes off and we go home ...’ my voice was heard to say.
The banging stopped, it didn’t resume again.
Finally they were being led from their beautiful residence, me first with Big Boy, then Dan following with Misses BB. Ziggy was already outside scampering about, he was waiting to see which direction we were about to take. As I said it, Ziggy shot towards it.
‘We’ll take the track from the top gate ... It cuts through the low meadows and we can go down to the river ... It’s lovely there now the flowers are starting to show again ... We can stop there for the picnic, if that’s okay with you?’
My question was aimed at Dan as he came to a stop beside me.
‘Yep, okay, that sounds great ... You lead the way cuz you know where ya going,’ was replied as Dan’s booted foot slid into the stirrup, the rest of him lifting and slipping into the awaiting saddle.
‘I have use the trough over there as a mounting block,’ I laughed. ‘I can’t mount up otherwise ... He’s just too big ...’ was giggled round the side of the white beast that made a living wall between us.
I walked off talking him with me, his head snorting a big yes movement as we reached the required destination.
Reaching the suggested field exit, my foot reached out and caught the latch. It was swung open just enough for Dan and Ziggy to pass through, then held by Dan as I followed. One tug towards him and it clicked shut, the track laying left to right.
With the day starting to warm more with every passing minute we headed off along the lane, the left one taking us on the path I had explained.
Dan had been quiet for a while, getting used to the movement again, balance being the key. I watched him from behind, a smile to my lips. We’d not spent much time alone together before. Stevie had always been the one to ride out with me. There was a time I couldn’t keep his arse out of a damn saddle.
‘It’s nice to have someone along for the ride.’
I spoke into the warm morning, my eyes looking around at the world passing us by.
‘... Max wasn’t big into horses, only the ones below a bonnet I guess,’ I laughed, the sound as light as the day was sunny. ‘Stevie joins me sometimes ... When he’s not busy with his own stuff, that is,’ I finished.
Dan half turned in his saddle until I pulled up level with him. Ziggy had charged off along the track, hell for leather, he knew where we were going already.
‘I’m glad ya asked me, I haven’t done it for a few years now ... Kinda missed being in the saddle ... Didn’t realise that till now, so, thanks again,’ he chuckled, his face alight with the way the day was unravelling.
‘Hey, if ya feel like that, come over whenever you like ... Only when the weather permits, of course ... We don’t do rain, do we, my lad?’
My last few words were said leant forward and aimed at my horse’s ears. Big Boy’s head shook from side to side, the answer being a big, fat no.
‘But we do go at least a few days a week, every day in the summer, gone early and back late. We can take the mountain path then ... Up that side of the ridge is amazing, the lake is beautiful when the sun hits it ...’
I was waffling on, Dan in attendance, watching my lips move, my smile and pretty eyes.
‘Fuck, she’s so hot,’ he thought to himself, still watching my mouth move.
Even the way I blinked had him transfixed.
‘... And then, on the other side of that ridge, you can go all the down to the little town there. Don’t know what it’s called, but they’ve got this great pub with the best beers, we should go sometime ...’
I was still talking, turning this way and that, pointing out stuff to see, trees to shade under, the best paths to ramble. Dan seemed in heaven.
We’d passed through several gates, whooped it up along a path that was wide enough for us to race down, and had lost Ziggy twice only to find him waiting at the next bridge or field opening. That hour in the saddle was lost too, to banter and laughs aloud, to new sights and passing wildlife.
Eventually we came to the stream where the bank had crumbled. It sat near a few scrappy trees, some fallen and dead, and a patch of scrubland that ran a little way up the riverbank. Down a ways stood several huge boulders jutting out over the widest part of water. Here, you could climb up and walk out onto the cliff to look down into deep, dark waters. With a great view, it was the best of places to sunbathe an afternoon away.
I explained all this as we walked the horses over. Ziggy had already crossed the grass and, with one long leap, had landed in the shallows with a crash of white water. By the time we reached the bank he was back in having his third dip.
‘One day I’m gonna get a GoPro camera for that dog’s head,’ I decided out loud. ‘I’d love to see what he gets up to in a day ... I reckon it would make good watching, don’t you?’ I laughed as I dismounted and turned to hook the reins over the pommel on my saddle.
Dan followed suit. ‘Yeah,’ Dan laughed looking over his shoulder clocking the dog going crazy in the water. ‘I think it probably would ... Especially on a trek like today ... His ears flapping up and down from all that running, that would be funny as hell in itself ...’ He turned back to me saying, ‘Do they need tethering or they okay?’
‘Nah, they’re okay, they never wander far ... Just loop the reins over the pommel like I have, it stops them getting tangled around their legs when they’re wandering around,’ I replied, lifting the filled panniers from the rump of my ride.
‘We’ll sit over there by the little beach bit ... It’s a nice little spot in the sun,’ my head nodded in reply, over to where Ziggy was playing on a lowered part of the bank.
Dan did as I suggested with the reins then walked round to meet me. I went to swing the panniers over my shoulder. They looked heavier than they were.
‘Here,’ Dan stepped towards me, his hand already raised to take the burden from me. ‘I can’t stand to see a lady struggle ...’
His eyes flicked to my face and back to our hands about to touch, the smile hanging there as his fingers brushed mine.
I laughed, the sound making Dan’s face slowly swing towards mine as we reached the area of recovery.
‘Lady ...! ... I’ve been called some things in my time but, I must admit, lady hasn’t been one of them ... Ooh, wait a minute ...’
I ended my words as I returned to Big Boy and proceeded to unsaddle him. The heavy western style leather and reins were laid over the fallen tree behind, stirrups crossing each other so I didn’t trip.
‘... We’ll need a blanket ... We can use his, he won’t mind today, I’m sure, will you, my darlin?’
My voice carried on the warming breeze, the horses head shook in agreement, and all were very happy, except Misses BB.
The sound she made over at me, a kind of annoyingly loud outward breath through her nostrils, raised a question. I watched at the mare’s head swung round quickly, almost hitting her own left side. This happened three times in quick, bouncing movements.
I laughed, ‘Oh, my, God, did I forget you ... Well, shove me down and shoot me, why didn’t ya say?’
So, that’s what I did, I let them roam free for a while, home from home. They could go where they wanted, just not too far, which they never had in all the times I’d done it.
Taking the two pre-warmed blankets with me, I walked back to Dan stood watching me in the sunshine. My gaze took in his features, his broad smile, the eyes hidden behind a long fringe, the nice pose he struck. He wasn’t a bad view on such a lovely day.
I smiled with the thinking of that thought. ‘Man ... What a nice view ... Indeed ...’
The blankets were spread, the animals enjoying the cool water, and the picnic was ready and waiting. Dan sat down when I patted the patch beside me.
‘Can I interest you in a glass of red wine? Slightly travelled, but it’s a lively little tipple and has a lovely bouquet ... Sadly, it’s very warm, I’m sorry to say ... Fancy some?’
My other hand held up the offered wine, the sun closing my eyes slightly from the sudden brightness.
‘Fuck ...’ Dan thought, really hoping the words were just in his head and not actually being heard in anyway. ‘I could so kiss you, right now ... Wow, that would be incredible.’
He closed his eyes slowly then opened them again.
‘... Yeah, that would be, great,’ he laughed. ‘Hey, I love warm red wine on a warm spring day ... There ain’t nothing like it,’ he winked as he took it from me, our fingers touching briefly once more.
‘It’s no good,’ I said, squinting, and then taking a big gulp from my glass. ‘I gotta get in that water ... I can hear it calling me ... Fancy a dip? ... It’ll be bloody freezing but I bet it’s gorgeous,’ I smiled, my eyes swinging round to rest on Dan.
With an odd look creeping across his face he didn’t say a word. I didn’t wait for a reply. I was standing up looking out across the water, peeling off layers, right down to vest top and panties.
Poor Dan tried not to stare at the butt that was suddenly eye level next to him. He also kept his thoughts to himself.
‘Christ, woman, do ya realise what ya doing to me here? I can’t look ... Lordy momma, is that a nice ass ... Look at it, just there, ready to bite ... Oh, to have it in my hands right now ...’
When I was done stripping I walked to the bank and onto the small beach. A wet Ziggy ambled over to see what I was at. Dan watched every move I made from where he sat in the sun. He didn’t say anything, he just watched.
I was stood, water to my shins, splashing the dog. He was jumping, front paws off the sand, trying to catch the droplets in his mouth. The next few handfuls were smeared down arms and legs, my way of adjusting to the temperature.
‘Bet it’s as cold as a frosty bitch ...’ Dan spoke loud enough to be heard.
I chuckled, ‘It is actually ... Not sure if this is a wise idea, but I’m going in ...’
I moved as if to walk towards him, dog trundling along behind.
‘No, Ziggy, you can’t do the jump, you know that,’ I prattled down to the dog.
He sat, still gagging his tail.
‘... The rock’s too high for you ... You’ll split yourself open, I keep telling you this,’ I muttered as I moved towards my targeted spot on the rocks.
Climbing up towards the biggest one the dog followed, but held back a few paces, only stopping when his upright turned and growled at him.
‘I’m gonna take the plunge,’ I called down to Dan, ‘and in the biggest way I know how,’ I laughed over my shoulder.
He watched as I walked over to its edge and surveyed the drop to the depths below. My dark hair was caught in the breeze of being up high. The long locks floated then fell, my fingers lifting to bring them back down from my face. I looked towards him and I could still see his smile, even from that distance.
Taking several steps backwards, I ran towards the lip and, with a loud ‘Wa-hoo’, was seen flying downward before crashing into the aquamarine waves. The white water dissipated leaving it as calm as it had been before.
Then there was silence, too much silence for Dan. He leant forward waiting for me to reappear, the seconds ticking passed. A worried feeling washed over him as the deafening silence continued.
‘... Shit ...’
His one word was spoken into the warm sunshine as he stood, kicked off his cowboy boots, and stripped to his Kelvin Kline’s in two movements. And still no sight of me.
He ran the bank and climbed to the cliff, looking over the edge in just the same way I had. The backward steps and long run found him heading in the same direction I had taken only minutes before. Ziggy was stood barking at the water’s edge, his owner out there somewhere.
As Dan surfaced he heard my words. I was sat on the rocks under the cliff, laughing.
‘Ha-hah ... I knew that would get you in,’ I giggled, the water dripping from my eyelashes.
‘Shit, ya scared the hell outta me there ... Don’t do that ... I thought you were...’
‘Dead ...’ I finished for him, shifting slightly on my rock.
‘Well,’ he swam over, pulling himself up onto the boulder beside me, ‘drowning at worst ... And, yeah, it freaked me out some ... Had me shaking for a few there, I will admit ...’ He looked sideways at me. ‘Jeez, woman, ya know how to make a man’s heart race, that’s for sure,’ he grinned back at me, the in more ways than one part left unsaid.
Ziggy was still barking his head off stood at the base of the rocks.
‘Quit it, Numb Nuts,’ I hollered.
The noise stopped as we heard him crash into the water. He was taking his chances and swimming out to find me, which he did.
‘Cold, huh,’ I laughed, the dog coming up to lick my face in a there you are sort of way. ‘More? ... Ya want more, huh? ... Do ya, doggy?’ I continued, the dog agreeing with a waterlogged tail.
Dan sat quietly watching the dog and me interacting with one another. I spoke to him as if human himself. The dog was talking back in clipped woofs, the conversation a nice thing to witness. Dan was seeing a different side to me that day, one that he’d never seen before, one that he was starting to have serious feelings for.
We ate our fruit, rolls and cheeses, and we drank that warm wine, both bottles, then we paddled and played with the dog. We laughed, paddled some more, sat in the sun and cooled down in the crystal clear stream. We took the horses in for a swim in the shallows, the white water kicking up as we raced into it, our whoops and happy voices alive with a different sound, the animals loving it too.
We lay in the sunshine, slowly drying, chatting about band stuff and the new opportunities on the horizon. The rest of our stay was spent much the same way, the hours tripping by, neither of us caring for the time told by watches.
As I saddled semidry hacks, Dan and Ziggy put empty bottles and containers back in panniers, they were then carried over ready for loading up.
‘We’ll go back the way we came,’ I suggested, mounting up with the help of the old fallen tree beside me. ‘Going the other way takes too long ... I cut back that way yesterday but the path is waterlogged and horrid under hooves, so, not today ...’
I landed in the saddle and looked over at Dan.
‘Course, Ziggy has to throw himself through it and gets covered in shit ... Then I have to hose him off, or stuff him in the shower,’ my smile held there as I checked the location of the silly animal, ‘and he hates both,’ I chuckled.
Dan didn’t answer. Checking everything was down tight and ready to move homeward, I saw Dan lost in his little daydream. He was sat watching said dog. Ziggy was prepared and facing in the direction of home, he was waiting on us.
‘Hey, watch this,’ I said loud enough to snap him from being lost in another place.
Dan’s head turned towards me just in time for him to see the face I was pulling at the back of his head. He went to laugh, but I was ready to go.
With a loud ‘YEAH’ thrown into the air, I was away, heels to hide, bolting off across the meadow, heading for the gate, the dog a brown streak at our hooves.
‘... RACE YA BACK,’ was shouted over my shoulder as I sped towards the track.
And that’s exactly what he did.
~
‘Okay,’ Stevie’s voice came through the cans. He was at the mixing desk talking to Dan sat at his drum kit. ‘... We’ll try this one more time ... Again ...’
Dan’s face turned to the window behind which Stevie was sat. He had that look on his face, that look that said he was getting tired of going over the same loop with different beats. It had been another long day and Dan wasn’t feeling it for some reason either. He was having problems concentrating.
Again the same stream of music was heard through his headphones, he tried something different this time, a broken pattern, hard and fast, a foot-tapping beat. Stevie was smiling, had the boy got it at last? The loop ended and the drumming ceased.
‘Sweet,’ Stevie’s voice cut in, ‘I think we’ll leave it there for tonight, Dan ... I’m beat, don’t know about you ... Jesus, it’s gone 1 a.m. ... Where the hell did that day go?’
A chuckle was heard as Dan removed his cans and hung them over the hardware supporting his crash cymbal. He’d done for the night too. Getting up from his padded stool he walked over to join Stevie sat in the office.
‘Drink ...?’ Stevie asked him as he landed on the long leather couch against the back wall.
‘Don’t mind if I do ... Thanks,’ Dan replied as the glass of bourbon was taken from Stevie.
Stevie spun on the office chair and looked out the window onto the studio with his hands resting on the top of his head.
‘... Jake just needs to do his re-mix and I think we’re done, my friend ...’
Stevie’s eyes looked tired, the sound of his voice confirming it. A big yawn followed.
‘Okay, sounds good ... When’s Langdon coming over to hear it? ... Did ya say next week sometime?’ Dan’s eyes were gritty, he was rubbing them as he spoke, elbows on knees.
‘Yeah, Tuesday he gets here, I think, don’t quote me on that though ... It don’t mean he’ll be here then, ya know Pete ... Moves at his own pace, that one,’ Stevie chuckled, turning to look at his rinsed friend. ‘Hey, I wanted to ask ya something ...’
‘What?’ Dan replied, taking a gulp from his glass.
‘... Ya got something going on for Tee?’
Stevie just threw it out there.
Dan’s drink nearly exited his nose, the swallow and coughing fit that followed showing he’d just been asked a question he wasn’t expecting to be asked.
‘Thought ya had ... Ya dirty dog,’ Stevie laughed. ‘Well, be good and treat her nice, or I’ll break ya balls ... Get me?’ He chuckled at how pale Dan had turned.
Dan made an effort to recover whilst trying to breathe and find a reply in his surprised state.
‘Jeez, Stevie, don’t do that to me when I got a face full a Jack ... Ya nearly drowned me, ya bast’d,’ was blurted out as he wiped the sprayed liquor from his chin and jeaned legs. ‘Did ya have to ask me then? ... Just as I was gonna swallow ...’
‘Well, sooner rather than later, bro ... I’ve been watching ya with her for a while now ... I see the way ya look at her ... You must think we’re all blind not to see that!’
He finished his drink and set the glass down on the table before Dan.
‘Plus ... Ya been getting kinda cozied up recently ... Ya can’t put it all down to riding out together ... Come on,’ Stevie almost whined, ‘what gives?’
‘... Nothing gives. Nothing at all,’ Dan chortled back. ‘Man, maybe I’m doing something wrong ... Maybe she just ain’t into me ... I don’t know ... Wish I did ...’
His eyes dropped from Stevie’s as he emptied his glass.
‘Ya need to tell her how ya feel, bro,’ Stevie mused. ‘Women don’t read minds, though I wish they did sometimes ... Hey, do you want me to see how she feels? ... I could interrogate her, see what comes back ...’
Stevie meant well but it wasn’t what Dan was thinking.
‘Nah ... Thanks all the same ... Maybe I should leave it be ... I think it probably isn’t a good idea anyhow ... Too many people might not like it ... You included,’ he replied, his eyes coming up to meet Stevie’s.
‘Me, not like it, why, cuz of Max?’ Stevie sounded almost hurt.
‘Well, yeah ... That and she’s still ya sister-in-law, technically ... Plus, I wouldn’t want it to go wrong then have you on my back every day ... Now, that would really suck,’ Dan chuckled, his eyes dropping to his hands again.
‘Bro, Tee’s like my sister, full stop ... I love her like she is, ya right there ... But what she does in her life don’t affect me ... She has to go her own way, but I’m there if she needs me. I can’t do much more for her that that, she’s her own woman ...’
Stevie stood to switch electrical equipment off.
‘Max would be really impressed ... You having the hots for his woman, and after your New Year encounter ... I can see his face now,’ he continued, his hand disconnecting the socket and turning off the angle poise that sat on his desk.
‘Look,’ he turned back to Dan who was following him to the door listening, ‘if you can make her happy everybody, and Max, will be over the damn moon ... But, go gently, my friend, cuz she ain’t as hard as she makes out ... There’s one fragile heart in that chick. She’s strong, but she ain’t that strong ... Just be cool and ya might get lucky ... Ya never know, this could be the best move ya ever make ... And, no, I wouldn’t be weirded out with the two of you being a couple, I kinda like the idea ... Talk about keeping it in the damn family,’ he laughed, his hand coming up to sit on Dan’s shoulder.
They walked to the studio door and passed through it, standing at the bottom of the stairs while Stevie locked up behind them.
‘Think about it ... Maybe go have a chat with her ... You’d soon know if ya were hitting the right cord ...’ Stevie’s laugh was a quiet one. ‘You’ll either hit a flat or make some sweet music together ... Give it a shot ... Ya got nothing to lose from where I’m standing.’
Dan’s hands had slid into his front pockets. He was stood taking everything Stevie was saying on board. He remained quiet.
‘Well ... I’m sure ya’ll do what’s right for you, one way or another ... I know I gotta split, I’m nearly dead in my boots ... Man, what a day ... But over soon, thank the good Lord,’ Stevie muttered as they climbed the stairs to the lodge.
All was quiet, above and below. Stevie locked doors as they passed through them, their night over at long last.
‘What ya got planned for the weekend? Ya got anything good going on?’ Dan’s questions had finally broken his silence.
‘Looks like we’ve got Chels’s parents up for a few days ... Gonna take them to see that new show in Edmonton. Chels did say what it’s called, but I forgotten it already ... Sounds like it’ll be another yawn fest ... I can’t wait.’
The face he pulled didn’t reiterate his words. Dan knew the look.
‘Good luck with that then,’ he replied, glad that he hadn’t been dragged into that night of boredom.
‘Ya don’t fancy joining me just to keep me sane for a few hours then?’ Stevie chuckled, looking at Dan’s face lit by the security light on the decking, the lodge quiet, the alarm set, and all lights out.
‘Urh, no, not this time, sorry, bro,’ Dan sniggered. ‘Besides, I might pop over to Jake’s and see what he’s up to, maybe hit a bar and hang out ... Chilling and smoking, drinking and sleeping, sounds real good from where I’m standing right now ...’
‘Well, whatever, enjoy,’ replied Stevie as they took the steps to their rides.
Stopping, he looked up at the line of lightless windows.
‘... Lodge sure is strange when Tee ain’t in ... I hate how cold it feels too,’ Stevie said aloud, not really saying it to anyone in particular.
‘I know what ya mean there ... It don’t feel right at all, does it?’ Dan replied, heading for his truck parked on the piss in the driveway.
‘No, that it don’t,’ Stevie surmised, looking back at the large dark building, ‘not, at, all.’

He found himself sat there, in his truck, at the end of my drive, as he had several times before. Dan fiddled with his keys, his eyes lifting every so often to gaze at the low lighting that glowed from my front room window. I was home alone, except for the dog, and all was quiet.
All the days that had passed, all the laughs we’d shared, it was all sat inside him. They were playing like a movie, one event after the other. His hands came up to rub across his face, a sure sign he was getting ready for sleep. He didn’t care about the drive home, he could always try the motel in town, any bed as good as the next.
What he wanted to do was walk up to my door, knock and, then, when I opened it, he wanted to say all the right words, in the right order, and have me fall into his arms. Sadly, he knew that wasn’t going to happen, not that night, not any night. He was fooling himself.
The noise he heard through his open window was the door opening. Ziggy came plodding out, sniffing the air, checking the yard hadn’t been violated in any way. The keys were slid back into the ignition, one hand moving to the steering wheel, the other about to bring his vehicle to life, but it was too late, Ziggy had seen him. The dog trotted down the path, stood for a second, woofed once, then scampered over to the door.
‘Home, Ziggy ... Go home, boy ...’
Dan tried to whisper but his effort was futile. By the time he’d finished, Ziggy’s front pads had hit his truck door and the mutts face was looking up, his tail wagging furiously.
‘... Ziggy, go home ...’
But Ziggy wasn’t going anywhere. Ziggy wanted a fuss.

The loud barking brought me to my front door. Switching on the outside lights, I stepped out onto the porch, hand to my brow line, trying to see what was going on with my stupid dog. Where’d he gone? I could hear him but couldn’t see him, his chocolate coat lost in the inky blackness of the night.
‘ZIGGY,’ I shouted, ‘what the hell ya found now, ya dopey mutt ... Leave the night critters alone and get your arse back in here ... Now, please ...’
Ziggy still didn’t appear.
‘... Bloody dog,’ was muttered under my breath as I took the three steps in bare feet.
Then I saw it, the truck out on the track. I was sure I recognised it. Was it Dan’s? I walked further out into my yard and heard the barks and a voice answering him back.
‘Ziggy, get down and go home ... Jeez,’ carried into the light around me.
‘Dan,’ I called, ‘is that you out there? ... What ya doing, you coming in?’ I enquired.
Ziggy ran back to tell me of his midnight findings, he seemed elated at the thought of a visitor.
‘Yeah, it’s me,’ said a voice in the distance. ‘I wasn’t sure if you were still awake ... I was about to go when Numb Nuts, here, came bounding out ... Guess I been found out now though,’ he chuckled, walking towards me, his hair being swiped from his eyes.
‘You okay?’ I asked, the concern oozing from my question.
He stood before me, the look on his face making him seem as though he’d been rumbled or something.
‘Yeah ... No .... I don’t know,’ was all he replied.
‘Come inside ... I was just making some cocoa ... Fancy some?’ I smiled, my hand coming up to touch his upper arm. ‘There’s a spliff on the go too ...’
His eyes caught the lights from the house. They reflected there, the sparkle, a night sky.
‘Yeah, only if I ain’t intruding ... It being so late and all,’ he smiled back, his attention lifting his gaze to the face he was starting to adore.
‘You are not intruding, Mister Foster, shame on you for thinking that ... You know you’re always welcome here ... Day or night,’ I chatted, my sentence finding us at the door to my funny little house with its nice smells and inviting appeal.
‘Are ya sure? ... It is kinda late ...’
Dan wanted it confirmed. He didn’t want to be a pain in the bum.
‘I wouldn’t say it if I didn’t mean it, silly ... You do make me laugh sometimes,’ was chuckled out of me as I walked into the calming room, the sweet smell of weed hanging in the warm interior.
‘Make yourself comfy ... Milk’s probably ready ... Sugar?’
It was a question that Dan wanted to answer with, ‘Yeah, honey, two, please ... Thank you.’ The thought made him smile as I walked to the stove.
‘Yeah, two, please ... Thanks,’ was all the came from his mouth.
Dan and I sat before an open fire, sipping and chatting, smoking our joints. We talked about the weekend, we talked about Pete Langdon’s still scheduled return visit, we laughed about stuff in general as we smoked and chatted some more. As I skinned up, our conversations continued. Eventually the subject turned to his Award Nomination that was looming in the wings. Dan was looking forward to, maybe, receiving yet another coveted award, but this time with his own band, HeadWay.
‘My money says it’ll be another chunk of crystal ... How many will ya have then, about a hundred?’ I giggled.
Only the fire and the dog snoring could be heard as Dan’s eyes studied the source of heat before him.
‘Nah,’ he grinned, ‘bet it’s another of those damn pig ugly pointy things in gold ... Like the one I use as a doorstop,’ he chuckled, his answer said towards the facing fire.
‘The last Flame Award ya got, ya use it as a door stop?’ I replied, passing over the spliff, my smile still hanging there. ‘Ha ... Ain’t they worth a lot of money? ... And yours is a door stop?’
The laugh that followed carried across the space to Dan.
He took two quick pulls and exhaled. ‘What else they fit for?’ The question made sense. ‘Don’t know what else to do with them ... I got so many now they’re spilling into all the rooms at my place ... Everywhere ya turn you’ll find one ... Damn things ... I even got a row of them lined up in the jon ... One has a toilet tissue hat Stevie made when he was taking a dump one time ... And I must say, it kinda suits it,’ he laughed, tossing the roach into the fire’s mouth.
‘When you flying out? ... End of this month, isn’t it?’ I enquired, my hands cupping my empty mug.
‘Yep ... Ben and the boys’ll be there ... Chrissie too, of course ... Can’t wait to see how this pans out ... Our first nomination as a band ... Never thought I’d see that day coming ...’
He fell silent again, his empty mug coming to rest on the empty space between him and me.
‘Well, you all worked hard enough for it ... I’d be kinda proud of that fact if I were in your shoes. Bet ya can’t wait to get back out to Vegas, huh?’ I smiled, a time, from years before, slinking in and taking over my thoughts. I’d started to put another joint together. ‘When were you out there playing last? ... Two months ago?’
‘Urh, yeah, about that,’ Dan replied. ‘Seems like longer ago than that, though, it feels like years,’ he grinned, sat with his arms folded, feet up on the low table, saturating himself in the mellow company. He looked rested at long last.
‘Arh, you’ll love it when ya get back out there ... All those people, all those contacts just waiting to shake your hand ... All that bullshit flying about ... You’ll have a great time,’ I chuckled, the thought of such an event making me pull a funny face.
Once I’d finished rolling my joint I lit it, the smell engulfing us in the lovely aroma. Dan chuckled as he looked over at me. He recalled how Max used to love a good night out at a ceremony, and he knew I loved being in on stuff like that too. A thought sprung into his mind. He asked his question without really thinking about asking it.
‘Ya wanna come out with me then? ... And I promise not to drag you into the Chapel of Love,’ he half smiled over at me. Well, he had to try.
‘Wow, yeah, I’d really like that,’ I replied, trying not to sound too over the moon by his invitation. ‘Let me check my schedule, but I think I’m clear ... I’ll let you know ... When do ya want to know by?’
My eyes skipped over his face as I spoke and passed him the aromatic smoke. I liked the way he looked at me. It made me feel something more than friendship.
‘Okay, well, ya got about three weeks ...’ He took a long pull and held it. ‘So, not much time to make ya mind up ...’ He exhaled. ‘Just let me know one way or another ... Apparently the record company’s letting me use the private jet this time, so I’m sure there’ll be enough space for one more,’ Dan explained, turning back to the flames.
‘Cool ... I’ll defo check it out and let you know ... And I like the sound of that, that’s my kind of flight,’ I giggled with my eyes back on the fire, the light reflecting on my tired face. ‘So, what ya wanna do tonight then?’ I asked. ‘You wanna crash here or are you buggering off home? You can crash if you want ... There’s plenty of room, and you’re more than welcome ...’
‘I think,’ Dan took his time to reply as the weed hit home, his thinking becoming a problem with his half-awake brain, ‘ ... I’m gonna crash here ... If that’s okay with you?’
His smile was slow to appear as if he’d forgotten he still had lips to do it with. He passed the joint back to me after several more tokes. He was done for the night.
‘Yep, that’s okay with me ... Take either room ... Both beds are made up and ready to use ... Towels are in the bathroom, as ever ... Ya know where everything else is, don’t ya?’ I smiled.
‘I sure do ... And anything more ... I’ll just ask,’ he replied, sleepily.
‘That’s the one, hon,’ I giggled. ‘I like you ... You learn quickly,’ I laughed, the action making Dan join me in the motion.
I stood and flicked the joint end into the fire, which was willingly received and ash in a flash. Walking around the room I blew candles out, the line of dark smoke containing the scent of Russian Amber.
Dan watched as I ambled away with mugs, dog following. They were washed out and put on the side for the morning. Ziggy walked towards the back door and passed through his doggy flap, tail swaying side to side. He was off out to do what dogs do best. Then he was back, ready for his bed, vanishing off up the stairs.
Lights clicked out in the kitchen and all was dark except for the lamp by the window. Dan rose and switched it off before joining me at the bottom of the stairs.
The goodnights were done on the landing. Dan took the front bedroom, the one he called The Blue Room. Another hug and quick peck to the cheek and we parted, him into his crash site, me up the stairs to the attic space above. Suddenly, our evening was over.
Lying in bed, Dan berated himself for not having big balls the size of a whale’s. He’d had the most perfect opportunity to spill his guts and he’d stayed as dumb as a dumb thing.
‘Hey,’ he told himself, ‘she might be coming with ya to Vegas, hopefully ... What more can ya ask for?’
He wished there was more time, more time to talk, more time in my company, more time to sit and breathe me in. He’d have all the time he needed at the ceremony, maybe he could try and explain it to me then. His eyes closed for the last time as he drifted through scenes of me in a stunning gown, hair up and my beautiful eyes twinkling under crystal chandeliers. That night, he slept the sleep of the Gods.
~
Chelsea spoke through the hand she’d rested on the back of the couch not sure if she’d heard her friend’s declaration correctly.
‘He asked you what? Did I hear ya right the first time, or is my head still stuffed with the crap I get from a baby and Stevie on a daily basis?’
Returning from the kitchen, I carried our fresh drinks in to the low table. We were having our first girl’s night in for what seemed like months. I plonked down after handing over the tall glass of chilled champagne and brandy. Chels took a few swigs as she waited for me to get comfy again, legs tucked up, dog’s head nuzzling its way back into my lap. I played with his ears as I spoke and sipped.
‘Yep, you heard me right the first time, sis ... He’s asked me to go with him ... To Vegas, for this awards night ... Ya think I should go?’
I took another mouthful as the dog started to snore quietly again.
‘Hell, yeah,’ burst from Chelsea, ‘miss a blow-out in Vegas ... Are ya crazy? ... I’d be on that damn plane in a second.’ She smiled over at me. ‘By the look on ya face ya don’t know what to do ... What ya got to lose, a night’s sleep from partying? ... You go, girl ...’
‘He’s got the use of the company jet, apparently ... No crappy club-class this time round,’ I informed her.
‘Even more reason then,’ Chels giggled back. ‘Count me in ... When we leaving?’
I looked at my friend’s smiling face, all teeth and those lovely laughing eyes.
‘End of next week ... Thursday, I think ...’
I wanted to go but had a funny feeling about the whole thing.
‘Why the long face? ... What’s going through ya mind now? ... Is it cuz ya like Dan but don’t know how to tell him?’
There, Chelsea had finally said it to me. I’d wanted to admit it for ages but didn’t know the appropriate words to use, or when to say them. My eyes flicked from my drink to my friends face.
‘Oh, God, is it that obvious? When did you twig?’
‘Urm ... About two hours ago, girl ... Ya ain’t stopped talking about him since I got here ... Dan this, Dan that, jeez, you can be real dense sometimes, and I thought you were smart ... How long ya been like this? ... Have ya had it bad for a while now?’ Chels asked, her face softening with the thought of her friend suffering.
‘I’m not sure ... Not for that long ... But it could be a couple of months now.’
My eyes dropped to the dog again as the ear twiddling continued.
‘Honey,’ Chels leant forward and placed her glass on the coffee table, ‘if ya like him, and ya wanna find out if ya have a fighting chance ... Go ... Don’t waste an opportunity like this. This could be the moment ya been waiting on ... If it feels right, do it ...’
She reached over to lay a hand on my leg.
‘... Sweetie, if ya tell him, and he don’t feel the same way, so what, you’re a tough nut, you’ll get over it ... Maybe you should try it before ya buy it, baby girl, cuz from where I’m sitting, right now, ya ain’t got nothing to lose by trying, have ya?’
Chelsea’s eyes sparkled as she smiled. I knew she was right.
‘... And besides,’ Chels added, ‘how else will ya find out how hot he is between the sheets ... Mmm, it bet he’s real nice naked,’ she winked.
‘Oh, Chelsea Denver, how can you say that? ... And you with a baby from your beloved fiancé, you dirty bint,’ I chuckled.
‘Yeah, well, I’m only saying what ya thinking ... Ya know ya want it with him, real bad too, and I bet he’s hung ... Real big, too ... Enough to make you wanna scream anyway,’ Chels replied, sinking back into the couch, drink on its way to hit her lips.
‘Oh, my, God ... Chels, you’re terrible ... But I do like it,’ I grinned, my eyes back on the friend across from me. ‘Have you already thought about him naked then? Sounds like you have ...’
‘Oh, hell, yeah ... All of them ... Even Max, sorry, but I did ... It kept me entertained while I endured hours of waitin and watching ... But, out of all of ‘em, I still reckon Stevie has the biggest dick, without a damn doubt,’ she laughed.
‘I don’t know ... Max was a wealthy man in that department too ... Jeez, there should be a law against what he carried around in his Wranglers ... Don’t ya need a licence for any kind of snake in this country?’ I laughed.
‘Exactly like Stevie then ... Damn menace to society, I tell ya ... And, most of the time, they can’t keep it in their damn pants ... Always having to show it off, or wanting to stuff it in ya face, or in one hole or another ... What’s wrong with them all? ... Put a dick in their hands and suddenly they seem to think better ... Or, that’s what they’d like to think, anyhow ... God, don’t ya just love ‘em?’
Chelsea was almost in tears hearing her own words, me following suit.
I composed myself after the guffawing.
‘So ... I should go then ... See what does happen, if anything at all?’
‘Yeah ... Go ... What’s the worst that could happen? ... Ya get pissed and end up in the wrong suite with some ole short, fat, rich guy ... Ya never know, he might be kinda cute ...’
Chels drained her glass and was feeling the weight of the booze on her brain.
‘... Honey ... How drunk are you?’
I looked at my sozzled pal across from me as I chuckled, ‘I’m not too bad at the moment ... Why?’ I asked.
‘Good,’ Chels replied with a silly grin, ‘grab me another drinkies then, please, and skin up ... I won’t be able to do it, sorry ... I can’t feel my fingers anymore ...’
‘You’re gonna pass-out on me again, aren’t ya, Chelsea Denver? How pissed and stoned are you?’ I laughed at my friend as I moved from the couch.
‘... Not quite enough,’ came her reply.
When I returned with the requested drink, Chelsea was out cold, snoring louder than the dog.

I’d wrangled, all day, with the thought of Vegas. I’d mulled, I’d daydreamt, and I’d ripped it to shreds then put it all back together again. Every time it came back to the same thing for me. I felt as though I was somehow cheating on Max. I’d asked for a sign of approval from the heavens, none had come. I’d asked Max’s portrait in the games room, but he’d just smiled back at me, as always. I’d even tried to talk to Chels about it but, sadly, she’d passed out on me. There was only one place left to go, one person left to ask and, as I realised, it was only their opinion that really mattered in the end anyway.
The drive to Beth’s was boring except for the radio. Dan’s band, HeadWay, came over the airwaves. Once again I was reminded of Vegas. I switched it off, enduring the rest of the journey in silence. Towns had passed as I’d overtaken trucks and cars, the road ahead of me long and dull.
Bright sunshine greeted me as I climbed from my car. The place hadn’t changed at all. All the neat beds looked beautiful with the mix of colours. It was tidy, the windswept leaves gone, and all was as it should be. I breathed in through my nostrils, a deep breath, one to consume all the flavours in the warm air.
Beth was at the door to meet me.
‘... Hey, you,’ she called, ‘what a lovely surprise ...’
Her face was all smiles as I approached the lovely frontage to the house. We met on the porch.
‘Well, I needed a chat ... And you’re the lady I need to have that chat with,’ I smiled up to her.
‘Come in, come in ... Don’t say it out here ... I’ve just made a batch of almond cookies ... Ya hungry?’ Beth continued, as we linked arms and ambled into the pretty double fronted home from home.
‘Mmm, almond ya say? ... Well, I think I could be tempted with a few, sounds good,’ I replied, the thought already making my taste buds all excited.
‘Hurry up then, they’re still warm ... Only been outta the oven five minutes ... Have them while they’re hot, honey,’ Beth cooed as we headed for the kitchen, the front door pushed shut behind us.
‘It always smells so damn good in your kitchen, Beth ... Could you bottle it so I can take some home?’ I jested, as I headed for the table and the notoriously divine temptations awaiting my arrival. ‘I swear you could make a million bucks from selling that ...’
‘Arh, I would, dear, but then it wouldn’t be about a delightful hobby anymore, would it? Then it would be about the business of making money ... And if the music business is anythin to go by,’ she smiled, ‘count me out ... Besides, there’s way too much money in this family already,’ she chuckled, walking off to fill the kettle.
I was home so the good coffee was required. The banter continued. We caught up and snatched at the tails of each other’s lives, the ups and the downs. Beth chatted about her church group, and then I filled her in about my work stuff. Beth made coffee as I ate cookies whilst talking. With a tray in her hands she joined me at the table.
‘So,’ she asked, ‘what did ya want a chat about? Ya got something on ya mind there, honey?’
Sitting, she patted the back of my hand, the gesture that of a lovely Ma.
‘Yep ... I guess I have ...’
I cast an eye over the dresser that stood nearest to me. The lower shelf was crammed with photos of the boys and their lives. I’d taken most of them as I recalled.
‘... I need to put something passed you ... See what your views are on the subject ...’
‘Ooh, sounds intriguing ... Go on then ... Talk to me, Tee,’ Beth smiled, her hand still resting on the back of mine.
‘Okay ... I’ll just say it and then you can see where I’m coming from ... Ya ready for this?’ I smiled back.
‘Yeah, well, say it then ... I’m waiting,’ Beth returned.
‘Well ... Dan has this award ceremony thing to go to next week, and he asked me if I’d like to go ... And I’d like to go because I like him, Beth, in that way, you know ... Really like him ...’
My eyes dropped to my wedding and engagement ring sat on my finger. I spun them both without thinking about it. More words were to follow, so they did.
‘... The thing is ... I’m not sure if he likes me in that way ... And my problem is,’ I paused before finishing, ‘it feels like I’m cheating on Max ...’
I fell quiet and looked at Beth again. There was a flicker of a smile before I continued.
‘... There, I’ve said it ... It feels like I’m cheating ... And I don’t know what to do about it ... Any of it ...’
I waited for Beth to say something. She was still smiling when she spoke.
‘Arh, ya silly girl ... Ya ain’t cheating on Max ... Max is gone, sweetie ... Plus, I’m pretty sure he wouldn’t think of it as cheating ... You’re a widow now, same as me ... That don’t mean your life has suddenly ended.’ She patted my hand again. ‘Ya wanna know what I think?’ she asked.
My eyes held her’s. ‘Yes ... Yes I do, Beth ...’
‘... I think you should go and have your few days with Dan in Vegas ... Forget about work, forget about the animals, forget about everything here ... Just concentrate on yourself and having a wonderful time ... As for Max, ha, he’ll be watching, and smiling, the whole damn time, if I know him.’
Beth’s eyes slowly travelled to the line of photos, Max in most of them.
‘He’ll be happy that you’re happy ... Ain’t that all there is to it? I know ya still love Max, that’ll never go, you’ll always have that too, but ... It shouldn’t stop ya from moving on and finding love someplace else ... That ain’t a crime, honey ... That’s called living ya life ... Now, enough talking ... Are ya staying for dinner? ... I got lamb chops, if ya interested ...’
Beth gently patted my hand once more as she lifted from her seat.
‘Oh, and there’s butterscotch pie for dessert, if ya can fit it all in after eating that whole plate of cookies.’
Once she was stood she bent to kiss the top of my head.
‘... Thinking ya cheating on Max ... I don’t know ... What ya like, ya silly girl,’ she clucked as she walked off to retrieve four chops from the fridge in the utility room.
~
‘Ya ready?’ he called, ‘... The car’s waiting ...’
I walked down the stairs with my case and my evening gown in its garment carrier.
‘I’m just coming ... Was making sure I had everything ... Sorry,’ I smiled as I appeared in the living room.
‘Cool ...’
Dan took my luggage and made his way out to wait for me while I spoke to Winnie.
‘Okay ... Think I’ve got it all ... If I haven’t then it’s staying here, I guess, huh?’ I looked at my friend and smiled. ‘Thanks for doing this for me, Winnie ... We’re only gonna be gone a few days ... I’ll bring ya something nice back from Vegas ... Maybe a big win on one of them million dollar wheels or something,’ I chuckled.
‘Ooh, now that would be nice,’ Winnie smiled, walking with me to the door to wave goodbye.
Ziggy shot passed and out into the front yard. He stood looking to the car and back at me, living in hope he would be going too.
‘Sorry, Numb Nuts,’ I smiled down at my silly dog, ‘not this time, I’m afraid. You gotta stay here and be first in command ...’
He looked rejected and walked back into the house.
‘Hey,’ I said, ‘you get the bed to yourself so don’t look so miserable, you silly mutt.’
He made an effort at wagging his tail but wasn’t impressed all the same.
‘I’ll keep an eye on him, sweetie, don’t ya go worrying about that, or the house, for that matter, We’ll be fine I’m sure ... You just have a real good time, and bring me back that heap of money like ya say ... I’ll be more than happy with that,’ Winnie grinned, as I walked to the sleek white limousine parked at the end of the drive.
‘Okay, well, any problems, call Stevie ... His number’s by the phone, he knows he’s on standby till I get home ... Other than that, enjoy your stay and I’ll see you next Tuesday,’ I grinned back at my friend stood in the pretty garden.
The door was opened for me by a tall young man in a dark suit.
‘Bye, you two ... And no burning the place down while I’m gone, ya hear,’ I laughed at the dog, sliding onto the leather rear seat, my tinted window coming down to wave.
‘We’ll try not to,’ Winnie called to me as the driver assumed his position. ‘Be safe and enjoy the flight ... I’ll be awaiting my wedge of money, don’t forget,’ she laughed.
As the car purred away, my hand was reached out of the window to wave.
‘... I won’t ... Bye you guys ... love ya ...’
And then we were gone.

The flight from Calgary to Vegas seemed over before it had begun. We chatted all the way, Dan explaining some of the things planned to make the trip a little more interesting, me listening, taking it all in. This was a double-first for both of us in a way. We’d never been away together, on our own adventure, and never in a private jet. In the past, if we were going anywhere, they usually had Max, Stevie and Jake in tow, all of the previous award ceremonies having been something to do with Ea$y. This time it was all about HeadWay, Dan and his band member’s achievements, and piling up they were.
I’d been to Vegas several times, once with Shay, when we’d stupidly got wasted and wed, and three times with Max, twice to receive awards and once just for fun. Those visits played out in my memory as we drove towards our hotel on The Strip, the lights having not changed much in the time that had passed.
Dan had booked us separate suites both on the same floor. It was getting on for evening as we settled into our accommodation and home for the next few nights. Dinner was to be in the restaurant of the plush hotel and was a wonderful selection of the best foods to be found. Champagne was consumed and not to be sniffed at, it was $280 a bottle. The meal was gorgeous and my dessert was made from my favourite combination, chocolate and Brandy, so I was more than happy.
Dan explained we would be meeting up with the rest of the band the next morning. There was to be a pool party thrown by the record company, which would be attended by those that mattered most.
I listened attentively but made few remarks. If I was able to sit with Chrissie and take the piss for a few hours, I’d be quite content with that.
As we were sat finishing our drinks Dan excused himself from the table. I watched as he disappeared from view. I wasn’t expecting the hand to settle on my back and the face came into view.
‘I’m sorry to disturb you, Miss,’ came the voice from my side, ‘but am I right in thinking you’re T. A. Jackson, the English Writer and Artist?’ he asked.
As my eyes moved up the well-dressed body they came to settle on a middle aged man with a clear complexion, calm blue eyes, and a shock of silver hair.
‘Yes, yes, I am ... How can I help you?’ I asked, a smile coming to rest on my lips.
‘Well, my name is Bernard Emerson Landry, and I’d just like to shake your hand there, Miss,’ he replied in his smooth Texan accent.
My eyes studied the handsome tanned face looking down at me.
‘Nice to meet you, Mister Landry, it’s a pleasure,’ I replied, taking his hand, his other coming to rest on top of mine.
‘No, the pleasure is all mine, Miss Jackson,’ he smiled, his eyes sparkling in the crystal lights above, ‘and, please, call me Bernard ...’
I returned it with a smile just as relaxed. ‘Well, Bernard, how may I help you?’
‘I’ve read quite a lot of your work and I’d just like to say, really, I’ve enjoyed it all. You have a wonderful way with words, enough to make me think. Keep it up ... I also have one of your prints of Lake Louise hanging on my office wall,’ he smiled, which was a flash of perfect teeth, a white line between full lips.
I chuckled. ‘Thank you, Bernard ... It’s always nice to meet people who know my work, that’s a compliment in itself ...’
‘Oh, Miss Jackson, as I say, I’ve read many articles with your name on, and the artwork holds a very special place in my heart ... See, my wife and I spent our twenty-fifth anniversary up by Lake Louise, so I had to purchase that particular picture when I saw it ... My wife insisted on it,’ he chuckled, his eyes crinkling at the edges. ‘Well, I don’t mean to be a bother anymore, so I’ll let ya be ... I do hope ya have a lovely evening, and it’s been a real pleasure to have met ya ...’
He released my hand and stepped away from the table as Dan ambled back.
‘And it was a pleasure to meet you too, Bernard ... Likewise ... I hope you have a lovely evening also ... Thank you,’ I chuckled, with amazement coming to rest across my features.
Mr Landry moved away, back to his family sat several tables from where we were seated. When they all turned and waved, I returned the gesture.
‘Jesus, I leave ya alone for five minutes and you’re already being approached by rich men ... How d’ya do that?’ Dan grinned, taking his seat once more.
‘Bloody hell, Dan,’ I whispered across the table, ‘he knew who I was, he has one of my prints at home ... I’m amazed he even knew what I look like,’ I smiled, my grey eyes catching in the lights above.
‘Well, ya ain’t hard to forget, Tee ... That’s one pretty face ya got yaself there ... And ya work ain’t that bad either,’ he chuckled.
‘Thanks,’ I grinned back.
‘Are ya finished?’ he enquired.
I nodded a yes.
‘Well, come on then ... I got a surprise for ya ...’
He rose from his seat again, after finishing the last of his Brandy, and pulled my chair out for me to stand. With his left hand, showing the way, we moved towards the reception area and met a gentleman I’d seen earlier.
‘This way please,’ he asked in a well-spoken voice, his manner directing us towards the hotel lift.
‘Where are we going, Dan?’ I asked as the rooftop button was pressed by the guy we’d followed. ‘Please tell me we’re not base-jumping off the roof in the dark?’ I giggled.
‘We might be,’ Dan chuckled back, moving to stand by my side as we vaulted towards the required floor in our elevator.
With the roof being reached the door opened to reveal the surprise I had been wondering about. Sat before us, and waiting for our arrival, was a helicopter, blades on the move and lights blinking.
‘Well ... Nearly base jumping ... But not quite,’ Dan replied, raising his voice above the loud chopping noise.
‘Heads down, folks,’ the guy with us said, ‘and enjoy your ride ... It’s a beautiful night to see Vegas by ...’

The next morning found us with a day by the pool. It was heaven for the paparazzi, what with the rich and famous oozing from every angle. Dan and I made our appearance, as we knew we had to. He made a fuss of the contacts he’d wanted to speak to but ignored the a-list a-holes, as he called them, whom he didn’t really want to see.
Ben and Chrissie were the first people we recognised. As we reached them his other band members came into sight, both with pretty blondes on their arms. They were smiling from ear to ear. These were the escorts for the day, and they weren’t complaining one single bit.
‘Hey, guys .... This is Tee,’ he said as Cal and Pete came to stand with us. ‘Chrissie and Ben you already know ...’
I shook their hands. ‘Hi guys ... See you’ve settled in nicely,’ I smiled, clocking the Playboy bunnies attached to the pair of them.
‘Hi, Tee ... Nice to meet ya ... And this young lady is Suzie,’ Cal replied, pointing at the hot chick curled round his arm.
Cal was grinning like a gimp, a long drink nestled in one hand. He was a tall, slim guy, goatee, big mirror sunglasses, red shorts and a Die Hard t-shirt.
‘Yeah ... Nice to meet ya, Tee ... This is Maria,’ Pete smiled, his blonde following suit with her smile of perfect teeth, striking the Hollywood Pose.
Pete stood a little shorter than Cal, wore a Bass Bitch t-shirt and camouflage knee length shorts. He was sporting a half glass of beer in one hand and a short in the other. They both wore flip-flops and seemed more than happy with their day, thus far.
Chrissie waved from her spot by the poolside.
‘Excuse me, guys, but I’m gonna leave you all to it, you probably have band stuff to talk about anyway,’ I smiled. ‘I’ll see you in a bit, Dan ... And nice to meet you all, by the way,’ I replied as I walked over and sat down beside Dan’s little sister.
‘Hey you ... How are ya? ... And how are you enjoying it so far then?’ I asked, my face alight with yet another stunning day.
‘I’m doing very well, thanks, Tee, and loving this,’ Chrissie replied, the two of us kissing cheeks and settling down to watch the world parade passed.
‘Where’s Ben?’ I smiled, my head turning to try to locate him.
‘Getting us some drinks ... He saw you guys coming so I think he’s getting ya one as well,’ Chrissie smiled back, her eyes squinting in the bright sunlight. ‘So, are ya excited about tonight? ... There’s a big fireworks display and an all-night pool-party ... The whole thing sounds real amazing.’
‘Yeah ... Sounds like it’s going to be a great evening,’ I replied, watching the semi-clad chicks and old men saunter passed, some with more clothes on than others. It made me laugh. I wasn’t sure which looked worse.
‘Dan’s real happy ya came along, ya know,’ Chrissie smiled, looking over her shoulder at her brother stood with the others. ‘I think he thought you’d say no ... And I’m glad ya came too ... I hated the thought of being the only girl in the party ... But now I got you,’ she smiled, her young face pretty with the colour it had caught already.
‘Well, in that case, for both you and Dan, I’m glad I’m here ... It’s never as boring when there’s two of you to have a giggle and take the piss ... And, by the looks of this little lot, we’ll have all the entertainment we can handle,’ I chuckled, as a middle-aged fat guy swaggered by in the smallest pair of Speedos I’d ever seen. In fact, you could hardly see them from the front. It was uber ugly from any aspect but, still, it was as funny as hell.
‘There ya go ... Hi, Tee ... How ya doing?’
Ben’s voice came from behind me. He was carrying a tray of many drinks, two each for all four of us.
‘Wow, thanks, Ben ... And I’m very well ... How are you? ... Excited about tomorrow night, or hasn’t it hit ya yet?’ I smiled up at him.
He placed the tray on the table and took the seat the other side of Chrissie.
‘Well, I’m doing good, thanks for asking and, no, I don’t think tomorrow has hit me just yet ... That will come when I’m pulling my pants on or something,’ he grinned over, lifting his drink to take a swig.
‘Max always said he didn’t get the nerves thing until he heard their name said ... You know it’s not a mistake when it’s broadcasted across a huge venue, and a massive crowd of people go wild ... They can’t retract it then, either, can they?’ I chuckled, knowing exactly what Ben meant.
‘Yours nerves will test you then ... Max had to take a few seconds before he stood up, it might be wise to remember that ... Always said it felt like his legs were gonna crumble if he didn’t,’ I smiled.
And as if by magic, I could almost imagine seeing him there, walking across the other side of the pool, taking and shaking hands as he always did. I fell quiet for a moment, my eyes dropping and the smile fading from my lips.
‘Hey, how you guys doing? ... Sis, are you behaving yourself?’
The sound of Dan’s voice was enough to wash the sadness from my eyes, one minute there, the next gone.
And, so, the chatter continued as people mingled. Chrissie and I spent some time in the pool, floating on the Bunny mats, our drinks in the holders. As with the old days, when partying with Max, as soon as my drink was gone another was there to replace it. This gave me more time to reflect on that which I missed so much. Max would have been in his element there with all those people. As I’d already realised, he’d probably known most of them anyway.

The hot morning slunk into a hotter afternoon. Lunch on the terrace, under pastel blue shades, carried me into more conversations with faces I remembered from a lifetime ago. Dan introduced me to many others, the tide of features never-ending. People came and moved on from our small party, all eager to get to the following evening and that award ceremony.
The fireworks were as amazing as everyone said they would be. A band appeared and played a selection of different genres from jazz and blues to rock and roll. As the night wore on the numbers dwindled down. Guests went off in search of a game, a club or a show along The Strip. Eventually Dan and I found ourselves the last two drinking, the day ahead coming with the lighter side of the sky.
‘Okay,’ I chirped, ‘one more, for the lift, and I’m done.’
I glanced over at Dan, sat quietly, taking in the end of another great night in Vegas.
‘Are you staying down here or following up?’ I asked, as my eyes lifted to the early morning sky.
Silence for a moment, as he looked over the area before us, his eyes bouncing from spot to spot. He seemed far away when he did finally reply.
‘Tee ... Can I ask you a question?’
His brows met in the middle, he’d been pondering something for a while.
‘Yeah, course ya can, ask away,’ I smiled.
‘Now that you’re single, do you think you’ll get involved again?’
His eyes moved to his drink, the one he was slowly turning in his fingers.
‘Wow!’ I paused. ‘That’s a hard one after this much booze,’ I replied, my smile still there.
I paused once more as his eyes came up to meet mine.
‘If you really want to know ... I think it’ll happen if and when it’s meant to ... There is someone I’m interested in, but I’m not sure about anything right now ... Not that I’d approach him, or anything like that,’ I hastily added. ‘All I know is I wouldn’t want to get involved unless I was sure ... Real sure ... Does that help answer your question?’
‘Kinda,’ he replied. ‘I’m sorry ... I shouldn’t have asked ... It was a stupid question anyway ...’
‘No it wasn’t, Dan, but I could ask you the same thing ... Why haven’t you got a blonde escort on your arm tonight? ... Of all people to ask to this, why did you ask me?’ I enquired.
He chuckled after taking a mouthful from his glass, his eyes coming back to mine.
‘Well, first off, I ain’t never really liked blondes, they ain’t my type ... And secondly ... I asked ya cuz I like ya company, ya can make me laugh, plus, ya can handle a day’s drinking without falling in the damn pool,’ he laughed.
I smiled over at him.
‘Ha ... Funny to think we weren’t always so relaxed in each other’s company ... Well, now, there’s a New Year to remember ... I don’t think I’ll ever forget that awful night in Calgary?’ I grinned.
‘Yeah, I’ll not forget that night either,’ he half smiled. ‘I got ya in a right mess of trouble ... How you’re even speaking to me, now, is anyone’s guess ... And how come ya forgave me that one?’ he questioned. ‘If the shoe had been on the other foot, I woulda given ya hell and some,’ he said back, his eyes dropping to his, almost, empty glass.
‘Well, as they say, my dear Dan, forgiveness is a wonderful thing ... I can see how it all looked. I certainly wasn’t excepting to meet my ex-husband in the bar that night ... Guess I was in the wrong place at the wrong time, huh?’ I giggled.
‘Ya know, I still don’t like your ex, Shay, I’m a dick-head, Blane ... He’s like double trouble, that guy ... Always turned up when ya least wanted to see his damn face ... Didn’t you guys get hitched here?’ he asked.
‘Shay, bloody, Blane ... The bane of my life,’ I laughed. ‘Yeah, we got hitched here ... Just up the road, in fact ... Pissed as farts, we were ... Man, was that another night to remember.’
I shook my head with the memory, the chuckle a good sound to hear.
‘... Never mind, all in the past now, thank the Gods,’ I giggled as I stood. ‘Right, that’s it, I’m done ... Eyes feel like they’re full of grit, so, that means it’s time they closed for a few hours ... You wandering up with me?’ I smiled down at him.
‘I think I might ... Got another crazy day tomorrow, don’t wanna look like I got a face full of angry rats for that one,’ he laughed as he stood to join me.
We chatted about the day to come as we made our way to the lifts. When we reached our floor we ambled along to my room laughing about some of the hideous exhibitions that had been on show that day. At my door I swiped my key-card and then turned to Dan.
‘Thank you for asking me to join you ... I’m glad you did, and I’m glad I came along ... I’ve had a great day today, and I can’t wait to see you lot suited and booted tomorrow night ... I’m really looking forward to it ... Max would be real proud of you doing your own thing and getting so far ... I know I am, Dan,’ I smiled at him.
‘And thank you for coming along ... I didn’t want to do it alone, and ya being here, well ... It kinda makes me feel like Max is watching over me somehow, as stupid as that sounds,’ he replied, leaning against the doorframe.
‘Hey, that’s doesn’t sound stupid at all ... And I know he’s watching over you, Dan ... He’s watching over all of us, I’m sure of that ... Well, goodnight ... And I’ll see you for breakfast, okay,’ I grinned, my hand moving to the door knob.
‘Yeah, I think he might be,’ Dan replied. ‘Well, goodnight, then ... Sleep well, Tee ... And ya got yourself a date for breakfast there, too,’ he smiled back at me.
He went to move away but I caught him by the sleeve and pulled him in so I could kiss his cheek. Still smiling he wandered up the hall heading towards his own suite. Stopping he turned.
‘... Hey, who’s the guy you’re interested in? Anyone I know?’ he asked as the grin lit up his eyes.
‘Oh, you might know him, but I can’t say anything yet ... I’m just testing the waters where he’s concerned, believe me,’ I grinned, watching him walk backwards towards his door. ‘You’ll find out soon enough though ... Night ...’
He laughed and turned. ‘I’m intrigued,’ he replied. ‘Night, Tee ... Sweet dreams,’ he called over his shoulder as he found his own key-card.
‘Yeah, sweet dreams, Dan,’ I replied as I closed my door behind me, my evening over at last.
Dan didn’t drift off to sleep straight away. He lay between cool sheets with his hand behind his head going through a list of names that could be my secret guy. Of all the names he came up with, he didn’t once put himself at the top of that list.

‘... And the award for Top New Act goes to ...’
AJ looked down at her card, knowing the name before she said it. This was her trying to build the suspense for the sea of faces spread before her.
‘... Give a huge hand for ... The amazingly loud and totally awesome ... HEAD ...WAY ...’
As she shouted the band name into the microphone she elongated the way part into a collection of various notes as if a little tune.
A roar of clapping rose from the hundreds of hands and cheering faces, as the lads lifted from their seats. After kissing Chrissie and me, stood by the table, they turned and headed towards the stage. Hands patted backs while smiles were shared, knuckles touching over their first achievement. They were on their way.
Their own Platinum track played them up and onto the stage. Stopping at the podium their faces were alight with their own excitement and their new found self-adulation. As predicted, four chunks of flame shaped gold were passed over, one at a time, hands were shook and kisses were exchanged with AJ. Ben had been nominated as their spokesperson. He moved towards the stand as the noise slowly died down and their track was faded out.
‘WOW ... Wow ... Thank you,’ he smiled out over the crowd, as we all sat on the numerous tables before him.
‘Well, looky what we got here,’ he laughed, looking at the award clenched in his fist, his pride being heard by a million people. ‘Wow, dudes, I’m lost for words ... Nah, not really, there’s always room for words, right?’
He was still trying to hold his amazed laughter back.
‘Well ... We’d like to thank everyone that helped create us in everything we’ve achieved, our families, our production team, out top man Reedy, Baz Cole, Sonny Hatcher, Mikey Markwell, and his team of awesome guys ... Man, the list is endless ... And those that saw us live, our fans out there.’
He looked for a camera and raised his golden flame towards its screen.
‘Thanks, you guys, we love ya, see ya soon,’ he almost laughed, the band joining in with his actions.
‘This is for those to come, those we love, and those no longer with us ... WE LOVE YA ... ROCK ON, DUDES,’ he shouted to the audience and the world beyond, his arms raised, his band joining in for the encore.
Turning away, they all stood together with AJ and waved as the crowd went wild. Within minutes they were back at our table, AJ in tow.
‘Wow, Tee, ya look amazing ... Love the dress ...’
AJ’s arms closed around me, the hug a warm one. She’d missed seeing her older friend.
‘Hey you, it’s another H of R design, from last year’s autumn collection I think, it’s off the sale rail ... And look at you, you look gorgeous too, how ya been?’
I gently squeezed my young friend, my face alight with a smile.
‘Me? I’m totally great, things are kinda crazy, but I’m loving the pace ... I’m dating again, but I ain’t sure if it’s going anywhere ... I still do what I like, when I like, and I kinda like it that way,’ AJ smiled as we pulled apart.
‘You staying for a drink or shooting off?’ I enquired, looking for a glass that hadn’t been used as yet.
‘Nah, can’t stay, the girls are waiting ... We’re hitting that club tonight, you know the one, it’s called The Bank or something ... Anyway, if ya still about later, come find us ... We’re doing an all-nighter.’ AJ shimmied a little on the spot. ‘Gonna party till the sun comes up, baby,’ she giggled.
‘Okay, we might tag along, later ... We’re dumping the gold chunks then gonna go do a Casino I think, aren’t we?’ I asked Dan over my shoulder.
He turned from his conversation and nodded a quick yes.
‘So, yeah, after we celebrate, by losing some money, we may well come and finish the night with you guys ... If nothing else we can drown our losses,’ I replied, my face as excited as my friend’s before me.
‘Okay, we might see ya later then.’ AJ kissed my cheek then stepped away. ‘Enjoy,’ she commented as she moved backwards. ‘And try not to blow all your millions, even though ya could spare a couple maybe,’ she laughed.
‘I’ll try not to ... But I’ll give it a go, just for you AJ, just for you,’ I called after her, laughing.
‘That’s my girl ... Later ...’
AJ was consumed by the crowd, off to party on down and live it up a little. Turning, I looked at Dan and my little group of crazy people, my smile hanging there.
‘Oh, Max,’ I thought, ‘you’re gonna miss a good one tonight, honey ... We is gonna par-tay in true Manley style, and no mistaking,’ I chuckled quietly to myself.

Dan had spun that big wheel several times but his efforts lay unrewarded. He’d given himself five hundred dollars to play with, his last hundred gone with his last try on the Big Spin.
I had stood, watched and cheered him on, a glass of Champagne in my hand. We had accrued a small crowd. They also waited in anticipation for it to stop on that million dollar mark.
Turning away, I couldn’t watch as it ticked, ticked, ticked round to the required position, missing it by only two bloody clicks. The sympathy cries were raised as it stopped, Dan’s laugh joining the uproar.
‘Could today’s luck lie with the pretty lady?’ the man questioned as he stood there in his sequin red and gold suit. ‘A hundred bucks is all it takes ... If ya don’t try, you’ll never know,’ he cajoled.
Stepping forward I thought of Winnie and our deal. My hundred dollars disappeared via a scantily clad blonde and her huge canary feathers.
‘Hey, what have I got to lose?’ I looked at Dan’s smiling face. ‘It’s only a hundred bucks, right?’ I laughed.
Dan stood with his hands raised and his fingers crossed as I took the wheel and spun it. Around and around it went, the faces watching and the smiles beaming. As it started to slow down I turned away, almost knowing I’d miss by only one marker. Click, click, click, it snapped passed the pins, the arrow moving slower.
‘Right, that’s it ... I’m done ... I can’t watch ... Madness, total madness,’ I chuckled, grabbing Dan by the wrist and starting to head away.
In that second all hell broke loose. Alarms went off, people started screaming as confetti fell from the roof, music struck up and the whole area went crazy.
Dan’s face erupted into the biggest grin I’d ever seen.
‘I’ve done it, haven’t I?’ I asked without turning back. ‘I’ve bloody done it?’
My head slowly turned to the scene behind me, as the guy in the sequin suit threw his hands into the air and shouted, ‘Madame, you surely have ...’
Then, from nowhere, a massive board cheque with one million dollars written in huge script across the front was produced.
‘May I be the first to congratulate you,’ the presenter burst out, patting my back.
With my hands covering my face, I bent forwards, trying to compose myself, my laughter just heard through my fingers.
Dan was bouncing up and down throwing punches in the air. He grabbed hold of me and kissed me, not realising what he was doing. He stopped dead in his tracks. We both did and then looked at each other for a second. I grabbed him again, planted a hard kiss on his lips.
‘Oh, my, God, Dan ... I did it ... I bloody did it ... Winnie is gonna pee her pants when I plonk this little lot in her hot little hand,’ I laughingly babbled, holding him at arm’s length. ‘Let’s go get pissed as farts and hit a club ... I feel the need to celebrate ... But no Chapel of Love, I promise,’ I laughed, throwing my head back, enjoying the ride.
We ended our night in The Bank nightclub dancing and drinking Champagne with AJ and her crew. I left my mega cheque at the hotel reception prior to going off to razz it up. I collected it as we ambled our way back to our suites, exhausted from our day’s events, and wasted as predicted.
~
Ziggy leapt at me with all the strength of a dog going crazy for its missed owner, the actions spinning him around and round, back and forth. He could hardly contain himself.
‘Numb Nuts, calm down ... I’ve only been gone a few days, ya acting like I’ve not seen ya for years ... Jeez ...’
I watched as he galloped away and then galloped back again, his yelps and barks telling the whole world his upright had come back to claim him.
Winnie stood and watched as the silly dog was reunited with the one he’d been missing in the hours I was away. Every sound outside the house had him with his face to a window, tail wagging. Once he realised it wasn’t me he’d resume his moping and waddle back to his couch, looking over his shoulder just in case.
‘He’s been so good ... Missed you though, as ya can see,’ Winnie chuckled as he slowly calmed down, the minutes ticking passed.
‘Has everything been okay?’ I asked, finally getting to walk through my door, Dan in tow, Ziggy following in behind, tail still moving ten to the dozen.
‘Yep all fine, just fine ... He’s been good as gold, always is ... We walked and talked ... He’s seen Gina and Walt. We went and had dinner at their place Saturday night ... All in all, he’s been pretty spoilt as it happens,’ Winnie replied, the smile not leaving her face. ‘Hi, Dan, did ya have a fantastic time too?’
Her gaze moved to the young man stood in my doorway, his soft brown eyes watching me as I fussed around my dopey dog.
‘Yeah ... Yeah, I did, thanks for asking ... And we had quite a time, in lots of ways ... But I’m sure Tee’ll tell ya all about that soon enough ... Won’t ya?’ he chuckled, as I turned to him and smiled my loveliest smile.
‘Oh, yeah, indeed,’ I replied, my eyes alight with a secret yet to be told.
‘Well, ladies, I’m outta here ... I’ll see ya soon, Tee ... Lovely to see ya Winnie ... Bye dog ... I gotta get moving ... Catch ya later,’ he called as he walked the steps towards his waiting car.
I rushed to the door after him.
‘Dan ...’
He turned and smiled, the look over his shoulder making me drop my eyes.
‘Thank you again, for asking me ... I, I really enjoyed myself ...’
My grey eyes came up to meet his as he walked back towards me. Leaning in, he gently took my elbow and drew me in so he could kiss my cheek. Smiling he pulled away.
‘I’m glad to hear that ... And thanks for being there, it meant a lot to me, really it did,’ he grinned as he turned, his hands sliding into his front pockets. ‘Now I’m gonna find a resting place for that hunk a gold stuff ... Ya reckon Stevie’ll let me use it as a door stop in the studio?’ he chuckled as he walked backwards across my yard.
Smiling, I made my reply.
‘Only if you let him make another one of his nice paper hats out of bog roll ... You know he’s so good at them,’ I giggled, my hand coming up to shield the sun from my face as I spoke.
‘Maybe I’ll just use it as a paperweight, like ya do Max’s ashes ... Seems like a better idea now you’ve mentioned Stevie and his paper hats ...’
He moved to get into the long white car, the window sliding down for his face to be seen and a hand to wave.
‘Later,’ was called to me as it pulled away.
‘Yeah,’ I laughed,’ later ...’
~
At first Winnie had felt a little, how do you put it, lacking in breath? As the words fell from my smiling lips, saying something about it being all hers, she wasn’t sure if she’d ever breathe again. Swallowing was not happening either, she tried but her throat was nearly closed. She needed a drink. For the first time in a long time, she walked to my Jack cupboard, poured herself a full shot glass, and slammed it down like a pro. That made her start breathing. I was still talking in the background. Winnie could just hear me through the loud rush of blood speeding through her inner ear.
‘So, that brings me to the next bit ... How do you want to do this? ... Shall I just pay it into your account, or do you want it in cash? ... Course, if you want it in cash, that’s about two briefcases, so we’ll need security to transfer that much ... Maybe Joey would help ... Or that security lot we used with the Branford’s takeover ... Winnie? ... Winnie?’ I chuckle.
My friend’s face still held its sweet little smile.
‘How much is it again?’ Winnie asked, looking over at me, her hands ringing together. ‘I just wanna hear it from ya once more ... And say it slowly this time, please ... Just so I hear it right ...’
‘It’s one, million, dollars, plus interest ... And it’s all yours, Winnie,’ I smiled.
‘All mine? ... I could burst at the seams over this ... Is this really happening?’
She pinched herself, hard.
‘It seems real enough, that kinda hurt,’ she chuckled, rubbing at the skin, a red mark starting to blush on her arm.
‘Yep, it’s for real ... So best get used to it ... Time to spread your wings, my friend ... What can you find out there?’
‘I’m gonna find a whole world ...’
Winnie’s eyes went dreamy, already on a journey a thousand miles away. She moved to sit next to her amazing friend, me.
‘You know what I’m saying, sister,’ was my reply as I refilled our glasses. ‘We’ll find someone to manage the shop, they can look after the cats too ... It’s time you see it all, Winnie, as you’ve always wanted to ... And I love that thought ...’
I knew what lay in the woman’s heart of hearts. This was her time to travel, her time to see the world through her eyes, through her lens.
‘It’s time to fly and see it all, Winnie ... You’re a free spirit now,’ I grinned.
‘A free spirit,’ my friend echoed, dreamily. ‘I like that ... To travel the world and see all the places I’ve seen on TV and in those fancy magazines ... I can even take photos, and maybe get some framed, and sell them in my gallery ... Oh, yeah, close the dress shop and open a gallery ...’
Winnie clapped her hands together quickly.
‘... Oh, lord have mercy, a gallery ... Selling my prints ... And yours too, if ya want ... Local art, photography and sculpture ...’
Her hand rested on my wrist, mine covering her’s.
‘... Wouldn’t that be amazing ... My own gallery ... I like that idea ...’
Winnie was there, the dream alive as her hands rose before her and clasped together again.
‘I’ll make you a deal,’ I smiled. ‘If, after you’ve seen your twenty wonders of the world, you ever come back here to live ... I’ll help you to achieve that ... I think you have a great idea there ...’
‘Ya would? ... If I ever come back?’ she chuckled.
‘Yeah,’ I repeated, still smiling. ‘If you ever come back ...’
Over the following months postcards from Winnie appeared every other week or so. It was to be a catalogue of places by the time she returned home, over a year later.
~
I plonked down into my office chair, face ashen and my eyesight failing me somehow. With the following breath I felt it rise. Grabbing the bin next to me, it was to my face just in time. The projectile vomit hit the interior, filling it half way in seconds. I’d never felt that bad, ever.
Everything had been fine, health wise. If I was going to start feeling like shit it should have been weeks ago after returning from Vegas. If anything, I should have been hospitalised after a weekend of partying with HeadWay and AJ.
Suddenly a heat washed through me, blazing a trail over skin, hot enough to make me strip to bra and panties. Still it scolded me inside. Every part of me became a blister, a cold numbness to follow. What the hell was happening?
I managed to swipe my mobile from the desk beside me, my fingers punching in numbers.
A voice cracked onto the line. ‘What service, please?’ it asked.
‘Ambulance,’ I somehow managed to say.
‘Putting you through ...’
It was answered by a male voice.
‘Paramedics ... How can I help?’
‘... I think I’m dying ...’
‘Okay, first I need some details ... Can I take ya name, please?’ I was asked.
The Canadian voice was calm and kind, I felt safer just for hearing it.
‘... My name’s Tammi ... Tammi Manley ... But everyone calls me Tee ... I’m gonna put you on loudspeaker so I don’t have to hold this bloody phone, okay ... ’
‘Okay, Tee ... Are we ready?’ he enquired after a pause.
‘... Yeah ... I’m ready ... Fire away ...’
‘Right ... My name’s Marty and I need to know where ya currently located, Tee ...’
‘... I’m in my office ...’ I replied, my rise in temperature running a burning hand up my spine.
Pearls of sweat pushed their way through the pores on my forehead, tiny droplets getting ready to run.
‘Okay, ya doing just fine ... Can you tell me where that is exactly?’ the fluid voice asked, the softness the only thing keeping me collected.
‘... It’s about a mile, before you hit the outskirts of Canmore,’ I relayed, my breath confiscated.
Then, somehow, I gave up the highway number and my zip code. It was spoken to the voice on the end of the line.
‘I’m in the building ... Around the back ... You have to take the track ... To the side of the lodge .... Just in the trees ... It’s over the foot bridge ... That crosses the stream ...’
My breathing was failing me as if my lungs were getting tired. I closed my eyes and could almost feel their need to stop.
‘Okay ... Are ya alone or is there someone there with ya?’
The more he talked the more reassured I felt. And still the waves crashed against my inferno filled torso.
I looked down at the dog, my blurred eyesight distorting his features.
‘I’m alone ... There’s just me and my dog ...’
Ziggy had started to whine quietly as his muzzle moved to rest on my thigh.
‘Good ... Ya doing great, Tee, they’re on their way to ya now ... So, what’s your dog’s name?’
‘Ziggy ... He’s called Ziggy ... Or Numb Nuts,’ I almost laughed but for the pain.
The dog’s tail started wagging at the mention of his name. My hand slowly shifted to run fingers down a floppy ear. The whining stopped.
A chuckle came from the end of the line. ‘I like it ... Named after Mister Marley, by chance?’
‘The only and only,’ I almost squeaked through my teeth, my core feeling crushed.
‘Come on, Tee ... Hang in there for me ... Now, can ya try to tell me when it all started and how long ya been feeling the way ya have, please?’
I explained about working at my drawing board. The pain had started as I walked over to my desk, shortly after that came the vomiting. This was then followed by my lack of breath and the intense heat that had washed over me.
‘Okay ... As I said, they’re on their way to ya now ... Try to stay calm and they should be with ya shortly ... Are ya still with me, Tee? ... Tee ...?’
The voice brought me back.
‘Yeah,’ the world was dimming, ‘yeah ... I’m still here, Marty ...’
‘That’s good ... Now, I’ll stay on the line till they reach ya, okay ... I won’t leave ya, Tee ... Can ya still hear me?’ There was a short pause. ‘Tee ... Stay with me ...’
‘Yeah, Marty ... I’m still with ya, bud ... I’m still here ...’
The minutes seemed like hours as the banter continued. The questions became an endless drone, the voice keeping me talking.
‘I think they’re here,’ my quiet voice announced. ‘I can see lights outside ... They need to come round the back ... Tell them ... I’m in the retreat, over the bridge ....’
It didn’t sound like my voice, it sounded a hundred miles away and fading fast.
‘Okay, Tee ... I’ll pass that on ... Ya should be fine now, but ... I’ll wait until they’re in the room with ya ... Just to be sure ...’
The voice never once faltered. I was glad of that. It was something to concentrate on as the seconds slipped by.
The door opened, the dog barked and there they stood, my uniformed rescuers, one male, one female, ready and willing. They hurried towards me, equipment placed on the floor by my feet.
‘We’re gonna need to move her ...’ one voice said.
‘Yep, okay ... Hey boy ... Is this ya momma? ... Yeah, she ain’t well, is she?’
The dog was fussed by one as I was fussed around by the other, their faces seen through a mist of tears and boiling blood vessels in my eyes.
They moved around me, taking my temperature, my blood pressure from both arms. A mask was placed over my face, oxygen being pushed into my lungs. They knew my name already, their colleague imparting the information en-route.
‘Tee, pop this in ya mouth and crunch it up for me, could ya, please ...’
Doing as I was asked I felt something pushed between my lips.
‘Well done ... Now we have to get you to the recovery vehicle, but we need to cross that narrow footbridge first, okay? Do you understand me, Tee ... A nod will do ...’
I nodded a yes, my eyes fluttering open, the internal burning yet another wave to come.
The next twelve hours I now know as flashbacks. First I’m in a fast moving vehicle, and then I’m asked more questions, next of kin, a carer for the dog left behind. I caught snippets of comments made between the voice at the front and the voice at my side. Then I’m in an emerald glow, I’m calm, on a plateau of peace, I’m floating above the world.
More lights flash passed, bright white, random faces are seen, orders carried out to a barked voice. Then there’s darkness.

I came round to hushed voices talking in the distance, faraway to begin with, as if stood at the end of a long corridor. They slowly drew closer, then closer still. Somewhere a machine was doing a job of some kind. I lay there, eyes closed, listening.
Recognising one voice as Stevie, I attempted to part my heavy lids, my words hardly heard in the room.
‘Where’s the dog? ... Where’s Ziggy? ... Stevie ...’
My mouth was dry, drier than it had ever been, I couldn’t even lick my own lips. There was a mumbled exchange of words then a door opened then closed again. The other voice had just left.
In an instant he was at my side, his hand slipping around mine.
‘Jeez, honey ... There ya are ... We been wondering where ya were ... Back now though, thank God.’
His smiling face came into focus, the smile a vivid reminder of Max.
‘Hey, where’s Numb Nuts, is he with you?’ I asked in my quietly croaky voice.
‘Yeah ... And quit worrying about the damn dog, will ya, he’s okay ... He’s with Chels n Ma ... What about you? ... How you feeling, kiddo ...?’
Stevie looked down at his grey faced sister-in-law, the relief awash across his smiling features.
‘That’s fine then, he’s safe ... I’m good, I think ... Just wondering where the hell I am right now,’ I enquired, my eyes shifting around to see the equipment I was attached to and the sterile room I was occupying.
‘Urh, you’re in the hospital, honey ... They brought ya in last night ... Can ya remember?’
Stevie’s smiling eyes studied the face before him, his expression hadn’t changed.
‘Kinda ...’ I replied. ‘I remember thinking I was dying.’ I grinned, somehow. ‘Guess I didn’t though, cuz it feels like I’m still here and you’re not Max ... If I was dead, I’d be with him now and we’d be humping like crazed rabbits ...’
The chuckle that followed had no moisture to it at all. When I tried to swallow, nothing went down. My eyes moved to find water, my dry tongue brushing over dried lips.
Stevie chuckled as he brought a beaker with a straw towards my waiting mouth. Just to swill a mouthful around was enough for me. A little went a long way. I swallowed.
‘... So, come on, impress me ... What idiotic thing did I do to myself this time?’
The smile I returned made Stevie stop.
‘Well, I didn’t want to be the one to tell ya ...’
Stevie’s face was as serious as I’d ever seen it, his eyes the clearest of blue.
‘... But ya body done broke down, so ... They put ya stupid brain in a guy’s body ... I’m so sorry.’
His face remained straight, right up till he hit the guy’s body bit. Then it became a plate of laughter, the sound echoing off sterile walls.
‘Ha fucking ha, you funny bast’d,’ I laughed quietly, but then stopped. ‘No, seriously, Stevie ... What happened last night? ... What went down with me?’
The serious face again, this time it was for real.
‘Okay, honey ... Ya done had yaself a massive, near fatal, heart attack. Ya had emergency femoral artery surgery, and ya got yaself three stents in ya heart, which are these little wiry tube things, and they help keep the blood flowing like it should ... Ya currently in Mountain View Memorial Hospital, in Calgary, and ya damn lucky to be alive ... Now, ya need me to keep talking, or we done here?’
His eyes never, once, left mine as he spoke.
‘You’re not kidding me this time are you, Stevie? ... Not this time round? ... You’re not laughing, so I can take that as gospel, can’t I?’ I said, my eyes closing slowly for a moment.
The emerald haze, the falling and the flying feeling, I’d felt it all, I even felt the surgery. I remembered the balloon in my heart, the strange sensation, laughing to myself, and being told to lie still. I glanced up at his unsmiling face. He looked sad.
‘Nah,’ he half smiled. ‘I’m not kidding, not this time, sweetheart ... I’m sorry ...’
Stevie looked down at his hand holding mine. It felt so small and cold.
‘Okay ... I think we’re done then,’ I grinned, quickly, tears sitting in my dull grey eyes, waiting to run their course. ‘Thanks, by the way,’ I attempted to smile. ‘If I was gonna have to hear that from anyone, then I’m glad it came from you ...’

After ending my four day stay in I.C.U. I spent another seven days in a private room that near enough resembled a hotel suite. Surgeons explained the surgery and Doctors explained the four different meds I would be taking, daily, for the rest of my life. I was informed I was suffering DHD (Degenerative Heart Disease) and was, therefore, classed as terminally ill. I was also informed it was time to make those all-important lifestyle changes, the ones that clearly cut out all my reasons for living.
Flowers were delivered every day, they stood crammed in vases and filling most of the available surface space, their fragrance escaping into the hall outside my door. Cards were brought in by Stevie, masses of them, from all over the world. Then the phone calls started, on my mobile and via the switchboard.
The constant flow of feet pounded my rose coloured carpet from door to bed and back again. Medical staff and specialists made their regular calls, some I remember, and some I don’t. Friendly faces were seen through the mist before full recognition was made.
My old friend appeared, Craig Taylor. He flew down to Calgary from Edmonton when he got the call from Beth. We’d been friends since my Graphic Artist days in London. He’d been with Max and Stevie the first day we all met. Craig had known Stevie and Max for many years into all their careers.
He looked at me and smiled with an underlying chuckle, his English accent very crisp still, even after a decade of travel.
‘So, did you get to see the other side then ...?’
I was sat up in bed still connected to my machines, a little dozy but nothing drastic. At least I was awake, which is always on the plus side. The previous few days had passed in a fluttered blur. Now I could see straight.
‘No, didn’t quite make it that far,’ I chuckled, looking up at him sat on the edge of my bed, chomping through the grapes he’d brought me, ‘but I saw myself in this amazing emerald glow, and I’m sure I heard Max’s voice, which was a nice feeling ... But, no, there was no reaching the other side, they wouldn’t let me in, for some reason ...’
‘Max, huh ... Nice ... What did he have to say for himself? ... Were there any wise words of wisdom from The Master of Music? The lottery numbers, maybe? ... As though you need any more money? ... Has he played with Hendrix yet ...?’
My hand came down and landed on his chest with some strength, the smile alight on my face.
‘No, ya cheeky git, it wasn’t like that, at all ... I didn’t hear words ... It was more than that ... It was the feeling of his voice, his tune ... But I still kinda knew what he was saying ... And I felt calmed by that, Craig ... It’s hard to explain ...’
The smile hadn’t moved from my lips. My eyes had their sparkle back though, twenty shades of grey, a diamond glint caught in the turn of my head.
‘Wow, that’s very ...’ the word was there, ‘... Spiritual ...’
‘Yeah, it was ... Very ...’ I repeated, my eyes dropping to my hand on his chest. ‘I think it got me through, him being there in the mist ... Maybe he’s having such a bloody good time he doesn’t want me up there to spoil his fun ... You know Max,’ I grinned.
‘Arh, Max, my memories are many ... And one is the way that guy could party ... But, hey, I’m talking to the woman who nearly tamed the tiger ... Jeez, could that man go on a bender, and now he’s up there with Elvis, Hendrix and Kurt Cobain ... What more could he want? He’s made it ... He’s really made it ... So, yeah, knowing Max, he wouldn’t want you up there just yet ... And probably not for another hundred years either,’ he laughed, popping another grape into his mouth and crunching it between his teeth.
‘Another hundred bloody years ... Man, that’d make me, like, two hundred and seventy six before I get to the gates ... Nah, I’ll let him have another fifty then we’re done ... I got people up there I wanna see other than him, Craig, you know that ...’
The glint was there again as my eyes held my giggle.
‘Of course I know that,’ he smiled. ‘You want Genghis Khan to play in your band. I know that much, you’ve said it before ... Drummer, isn’t he?’
‘Yeah, that’s it ... Plus I want James Dean to be my lead guitarist, just because he looks so bloody cool, and Heath Ledger to be my bass player ... Sorted ... Rock on, baby.’
‘Yep,’ he smiled, ‘you’re feeling better, aren’t you? ... What have they put in that bloody drip? ... And can I have a glass, please?’ he laughed, the last of his sentence said, loudly, looking over his shoulder and towards the door, hoping a nurse might hear and assist with his request.

Regular visits came from Beth, Stevie, Chels and the guys from Silver Spring. Dan was in control of the house while Stevie took control of the lodge, the horses, and Ziggy.
Jake, Hatch and Joey passed through with flowers and get well wine of the red kind. But though all those people were present, at one time or another, there was one face I seemed to have a real hankering to see.
Come the third day in my private room I was released from the minder machines. Free, at last, it was way quieter and far more comfortable. Breakfast had been served and the day seemed to be bright, the sunlight poured through my window, curtains opened wide, and the mountain’s air to flow.
A soft knock came upon my door. It creaked open. I looked up from my book, glasses shifted to the top of my head. The sound of the corridor and wards beyond grew louder as a huge bouquet of mixed white and red roses, huge red daisies and various foliage pushed itself into my room. They were supported by a pair of jeaned legs that wore old cowboy boots. I knew who it was straight away.
‘Dan, they’re beautiful ... Thank you ...’
The book was closed and laid to one side as the flowers came to rest in my lap, their smell catching as scent on a breeze.
His smile, as bright as the day, became a prayer answered. It had been too long somehow.
‘Damn ... Ya knew that from these boots?’ he asked, boyish grin on his face. ‘I knew it ... I damn well knew it ...’
‘Hah-hah ... Can’t fool me, Mister I’m Not Quite So Smarty Pants ... Trainers would have been better ... You never wear trainers and everyone else does ... Except Gina and Winnie ... Even Beth wears high-tops,’ I laughed.
‘I don’t like trainers ... Unless I’m training, of course,’ he smiled at me.
‘How’s that going, by the way?’ I enquired.
‘The drum technique stuff is going very well, trying new tricks all the time ... The gym side ... Not so good ... Hey, ya can’t have it all ... Anyway, enough about me, what about you? When can we break ya outta here? ... Have ya seen that nurse out there? Man, she’d take ya down in a damn second ... Three and ya out ...’
He leant his right arm across my lower legs, rested back, and then turned to the door as if fearing she would walk through it as he made his remark. His face came back to me with a half-smile and slightly sad eyes.
‘Christ, ya had us all so damn worried, Tee ... I swear, we all didn’t take a breath for that first few hours you were gone ... Stevie has his director’s hat on right now and is keeping it all going ... Amazing how he does that ...’
His eyes dropped from mine as I looked at him. Lifting my hand, it rested on his bent knee resting by my hip. It hung there as I spoke.
‘Hey, I’m still here,’ I smiled, patting the leg below my palm. ‘I’m not going anywhere just yet so dunne fret, pet ... And, as the great 3 Doors Down would say, it’s not my time ... How’s the house? ... Everything okay there?’
‘Everything’s fine with the house and, sweet lord, I’m glad to hear ya say that ... We’d miss ya silly ways and girly laugh ... And no one else can drink Cuervo with me like you do ...’
‘Funny, Stevie said much the same thing ... Only his remark was about Jack,’ I half chuckled.
His right hand came to rest on mine still on his knee.
‘Well, ya know ya limits now, I hope, and that’s a good thing ... Some people don’t, and that’s where it gets a little messy ... You’re more an ale type a girl though ... Though you also like a stout too ...’
‘Jeez, we put that amount of booze away between us? Christ, no wonder I had a bloody heart attack,’ I laughed, my pale grey face somehow still a little pretty in the light through the window.
His smile was enough to make the space seem warmer.
‘Holy shit, Tee ... Ya gotta slow down now, honey ... Ya getting too old for this crazy crap ...’
‘... Cheeky sod,’ I grinned as I snatched my hand away, a hurt look on my face, my glasses sliding down to meet the bridge of my nose.
I took them off, my smile resuming.
‘Just remember, you’re not that far behind me ... And I was alright till I met you lot ... I blame you and your bloody band members ... Without Max, and you guys, I wouldn’t have even known what the hell Cuervo was ...’
‘Yeah, right, and ya wouldn’t of smoked a ton of weed in The Grand Canyon, or made tens of thousands for charity, or even won a million for ya friend, who said hi by the way ... And thanks again ...’
‘Oh, wow, how is Winnie? ... I haven’t heard from her yet ... I thought she might have rung by now ... Is she having a fabulous time?’ I grinned at the thought of my beloved friend.
‘She’s very well and very rich ... We managed to Skype, yeah, she having a fabulous time ... Sadly, she’s stuck on an island and won’t be back for a while ... She said something about their only seaplane being out of action... But I’m sure we’ll hear all about it when she finally drags her butt back home ... She knows about all this ... I told her ...’
As he spoke the last few words his head bobbed toward the abandoned machines to one side. I nodded in understanding, no smile there.
‘Thanks for that, Dan ... Saves me having to say the words just yet ...’
‘No problems ... And the house is fine, Tee, don’t worry ... I’ve even cut lawns and tidied hedges ... Forgot what it was like to have a house in the country, ya can’t beat the flatlands in that summer haze ... It’s stunning, morning, noon and night ...’
His hand dropped to mine as he played with my fingers, the boyish grin a flash, on then off. Something had caught his eye as my left hand came round to rest across my midriff. There was a white band on my finger. It stood out against my tanned hands. Both rings had been removed, wedding and engagement. He masked his acknowledgement, his eyes wandering elsewhere.

The fourth day bought blue skies and another visit from Beth. More flowers and comfort food appeared along with a very sad and then a very happy face. I bantered about my visitors as Beth caught up with news about JR, it was all good.
I laughed that I needed a holiday somewhere hot whilst Beth chuckled about how Stevie had taken control of the situation. Meaning, Stevie did what Stevie could and everybody else got on with it around him. Beth said Dan was fine at the house and was quite happy keeping the place tidy. Everyone was okay but worried for me, and they all hoped I’d be free of my sterile hell, sooner rather than later.

On the fifth I was allowed to take a short walk with a companion. My companion, on that day, just happened to be AJ. We ambled along, my arm hooked through my younger friend’s.
‘So, come on then, spill ya guts about the new man in ya life,’ I smiled.
AJ looked at me sideways and grinned.
‘... Hell, AJ, I’ve known about it for ages ... Stevie told me, but I wanna hear it from you ... Come on ... Give it up ... I wanna know all the details ...’
‘Well, his name is Cory, Cory McCloud, and he’s a dancer ... He’s thirty next May, five years older than me, and I met him on my last tour when he joined the troupe ... And he can really dance, ooh-wee,’ AJ announced.
‘Mmm, okay, nice, keep going ... What else?’
I wanted to know, I was excited for AJ and her new boy-fling.
‘He’s a yank ... A New York kinda guy ... He’s got blond hair, blue eyes, and a butt I could squeeze all day,’ she giggled. ‘He’s five feet ten, has muscles all over his hot body, and has a cat called Vince. He lives in Edmonton, for now, but we’re thinking about setting up together in a place of our own, next year, maybe ... Does he sound okay, so far?’ she asked with a grin.
‘Yep, I think so ... So far,’ I smiled back.
‘His Ma passed away a few years back, leaving his Pa to take care of his younger twin brothers, who’ve just started High School ... He sends half his money back to them ... He’s a real honey like that ... He drives a crappy old truck, like Dan’s, and I wanna have his babies ... About six ... No, about eight,’ she concluded, her joy putting a pretty tinkle to her voice.
‘Well, he sounds a bit of a catch, nice ... I’m so glad for you ... Should I ask if you’re happy?’ I chuckled, as we reached the end of the corridor and turned to head back.
‘Tee, I ain’t never been so happy in my whole damn life ... He’s a real good guy, and treats me well ... I love him just for that.’
AJ looked at me, her eyes searching for a sign that I approved. I nodded. It was all AJ needed.
‘So, how long have you been together now then?’ I asked, my eyes resting on my friend’s face.
‘Just coming up six months ... And it has whizzed by ... I guess happiness can make the time do that ... Funny, I thought I’d never find someone like him, and there he was, right under my damn nose, literally ...’
I stopped outside my door.
‘Sweetie, if this guy makes you feel that way, and he feels the same, you both have all my love ... Take it slow, though, please. Don’t rush it ... You guys have all the time in the world to learn about each other ...’
My arms came up so as to pull AJ into a gentle cuddle.
‘As the song says, AJ ... Love is all you need ... And surely it can be, if you don’t suffocate it ...’
Pulling away, I smiled at the young woman before me.
‘... Let it breathe, let it grow, and it will last you a lifetime ... That, I can promise ...’
Lifting my hands so they could rub up and down AJ’s arms, I winced.
‘Now ... I gotta get back in my bathroom, fairly quickly ... I’m dying for a wee and it takes ages for me to shuffle across that damn room,’ I giggled.
Turning away, I hurried in my fast/slow way towards the door that was a three minute waddle away.
‘Two more days ... Two more, that’s all ... Then we can bust ya outta here ... And, man, will that be a damn good night,’ AJ chuckled, following me into my room.

Recovery was a day by day event. No straining, no training, no smoking, no drinking. At one point I thought I’d actually died and gone to hell. The tide had to break, and it did, on the seventh night they all came and busted me out, as promised.
The staff had been forewarned and took little notice of the elite band of kidnappers that appeared upon my release. They swarmed in to locate their number-one target. With the corridor clear the room was invaded, flowers were passed to others on the same floor, and I was packed and smuggled out in about five minutes flat. I’d been awaiting the rescue mission. They didn’t disappoint me.
~
Silence rained through Tee Town, alone at last, home in Silver Spring. People had come and gone. The party was over and it was time for the battle worn to rest. The weary soldier wandered towards the dog taking up a couch. He was asleep, the gentle rhythm of his breathing a comforting sound.
One person had remained, that being my watcher, for emergencies. Dan had volunteered. He was upstairs sorting his stuff out after having a shower. He’d lit a fire for me as the evening cooled. I’d watched his every move.
My Mexican silk shawl, Max had bought me, clung to upper arms, the jewel colours a twist between the fingers of one hand as the other placed a small log into the hungry flames. The warm light heated my face, my eyes closing as the breath was released slowly.
‘Shit ... I’m knackered,’ I said aloud to myself.
‘... I should think ya are, little lady ...’
Dan’s soft voice came from behind me. He was walking down the stairs as he spoke.
‘... Ya sure have taken a beating there ... Things might be kinda slow for a while ... Don’t run before ya can walk ... Find ya new speed now, Tee ... No need for rushing, is there?’
He plonked down on the couch, two cushions down from me, knees apart, and his hands in his armpits. My face turned towards him, half in light from the hearty glow, the other in a grey shadow, lifeless somehow.
‘I’m surprised,’ I replied, tiredness droning in my voice. ‘A lot of things have changed in me ... The way I think ... The way I feel ...’
I stood up and moved to the couch that Ziggy occupied. His head lifted, as I perched on its arm, and then dropped again as I continued, his interest over.
‘There were a lot of things I kept hold of that were painful to remember, most of them involving loss in some way ... Now, that’s not quite so heavy anymore, the burden lifting a little ... Things have changed ... And that’s okay ...’
My shawl dropped to the couch as I moved towards the fridge.
‘Beer ...?’ I asked.
He nodded.
‘... Apparently, the meds I’m on, the Simvastatin, I’m not aloud grapefruit juice anymore. Old matey did explain it but I can’t remember why now. It’s something to do with the way the drugs are processed by the liver, blah, blah, blah, they control my cholesterol or something ...’
This he knew.
Wandering back I passed him a can of First Trax.
‘... Course, after he said about alcohol thinning the blood, I kinda took that as being able to have a few for medicinal reasons ... It’s not as good as a double Jack and cola though,’ I grinned, sitting down, two cushions along from Dan, the fire’s light before me.
‘Like I said, ya need to find a new speed ... No rushing, please ... And I ain’t nagging ya, or pulling a Stevie here, I mean that, as ya friend, Tee ...’
As he spoke the palm of his hand brushed the one I had laid on the cushion between us. My finger’s interlaced with his.
‘I know ... No more trying to break Tee, huh ... Handle with care from now on ... Can I still ride? Bike and horse ... I hadn’t thought of asking that ... Damn ...’
I scolded myself for not thinking of it sooner. My free fingers lifted to fiddle with my lip, a furrow appearing between my brows, beer resting beside me.
‘I still have so much to learn about this stuff ...’
‘Tee, it’ll get better, I promise ... Just give it some time ... It’s a great healer,’ he smiled, turning towards me, his face gently lit by the kitchen lights. ‘Hey, like ya said, ya still here ... It ain’t ya time yet ... Hell, no ... Tomorrow is another day, the sun will be shining and ya can sit in ya pretty little garden and while away some hours ... Give yaself that, ya deserve it ...’
I sighed loudly, a sign of almost being defeated, tired more than anything.
‘Ya right, ya right, I know you are ... But it’s not like me, the old me, I’d be back at it by now ...’
I stopped speaking, caught in the dying flames dancing over glowing embers, the fire slowly burning down.
‘Tee ... Maybe ya just ain’t that same person anymore ... Ya been through changes ... And that shit’s heavy ... I can’t imagine how damn heavy ... And that kinda shit does stuff to ya in lots of different ways ... Chemicals morph and change in ya body and brain ... That’s gonna make waves around ya whole eco system there, ain’t it?’
As crazy at is sounded, he made complete sense.
‘You’re preaching to the converted, sweetie ... I am a changed woman,’ I chuckled.
‘Yeah, well, I believe that when I see it, Miss Jackson,’ he beamed. ‘Until then, ya grounded ... No McCall’s, no bars, no driving, no hiking, and no riding, either kind, till we know it’s okay ... And definitely no beer, no weed, and no smokes, and, definitely without any arguments, no all-night raves or getting in the groove, anywhere ... Got it?’
The look on my face dissolved, my grin slowly dropping.
‘Oh, great, take away all my reasons for living ... Yeah, now ya sound just like Stevie ... Next you’ll be telling me I’m not allowed to climb from my bedroom window to make my escape.’
Folding my arms, in disgust, I finished my drink saying, ‘Where’s the fun in that?’
Dan snorted a laugh.
‘Ya sleep in the attic, and it’s the kinda fun ya can do without, just for the next week or so ... I can’t babysit ya forever, and no one else wanted the damn job.’
He folded his arms too, his grinning face turned to the source of heat.
‘... So hard luck, loser ... Suck it up ...’
‘Another two weeks of this?’
My eyes shot in Dan’s direction and then back to my dancing embers.
‘... Hell, no ... If I don’t have at least one joint, soon, there’ll be little of you left after the next three days ... Not enough to play the bloody drums anyway,’ I chuckled.
‘Well, if ya good, and it’s a micro spliff, I may, just may, let ya have one tomorrow ... I’ll see how good ya are ... Ya gotta survive one of my breakfasts first ... Let’s see if ya still breathing after that,’ he laughed back at me, his dark eyes wrinkling at the corners with his own joke.
‘Hey, your breakfast consists of warm beer and cold pizza. Don’t pull that one with me ...’
I joined him in his amusement.
‘Oh, God, you’re gonna cook?’ I seemed surprised. ‘Oh, I gotta see this ... Are we having pancakes and bacon drenched in butter and maple syrup then? ... Are we?’
‘No, we are not ... We are having a healthy breakfast, no beer, no Jack, no spliff ... Fresh fruit, soft boiled eggs and toast .... And as much fruit as ya can damn well eat, by the way ... That’s as good as it gets for you right now ... I’m helping ya make some good choices, Tee ... Ya should be thanking me for showing ya the way ...’
‘Yeah, yeah ... Make some good choices, I hear ya ... Quit it already, will ya.’
My eyes were getting visibly heavier. Dan heard the slowness of my voice.
‘Come on, woman ... Grab ya dog and go to bed ... Ya beat to the soles of ya feet, look at ya ... Ziggy, Ziggy ...’ He commanded the dogs attention. ‘...Go do what ya gotta do, dog ... Bedtime ...’
As Dan moved from the couch to the kitchen with empty glasses, the dog was up and out his tailored flap. I put the guard before my lowering embers, another fire having lived and died. The table light was then clicked off by the window, its glow no longer to be seen through light weight voile. Ziggy reappeared and the flap was bolted shut. He was gone upon his return, his tread heard as he headed for his attic cushion.
We met at the stairs, me first, Dan close behind, there if need be. He’d taken over the blue room, his clothes, his boots, his scent, it all lingered there now. I liked that thought of someone else in the house, it made the place fuller, warmer, not so silent.
‘Thanks for doing this, Dan, you really are a good guy, ya Ma would be right proud of ya,’ I smiled as we reached the landing. ‘It’s nice having someone else around too ... I don’t feel so, broken ... Can you get that?’ I asked.
‘Yeah, I get that ... It’s cool ... If I thought ya’d be a nightmare I wouldn’t have done it, I can promise ya that ... But it’s fine, I gave myself a few weeks off ... Bout time I had a damn break,’ he smiled back, his soft dark eyes coming down to mine.
Standing there, as I looked then, in my long silk nighty, with my shawl and scruffy hair, he wanted to lean in and kiss me. And that’s exactly what he did, lip to lip, and when I wasn’t expecting it at all.
Pulling away it was very quiet except for him smacking his lips as he moved backwards to lean against the doorframe again. His eyebrows rose then dropped, his dark eyes glinting as if flooded with a million diamond flecks.
My only movement was my hand coming up to touch my lips, the other still clutching at the shawl off my shoulders. What should I do? One side wanted to jump his bones all over the landing, the other was shaking its head and whispering, ‘Not ready yet ... Not yet ... Not just yet ...’
The only words that managed a sound were, ’Oh, my ...!’
My eyes then quickly flicked to several random spots before coming back to Dan’s face.
He was stood, rather relaxed, still leant against the doorframe, hands in his front pockets, ankles crossed, grinning.
‘Time for bed then ... Night,’ he said, opening his door and disappearing inside.
‘Oh, my,’ I repeated, having not moved, fingers still to lips, my eyes now on the door Dan had just passed through.
I slowly turned and headed for the attic, dreamily.
‘... Yeah ... Night ...’ was quietly said as I floated off up the stairs.
That night I slept like a baby, no bad dreams, no feeling of guilt, no four o’clock wee. It was a peaceful sleep. One I’d needed for a very long time.

Those weeks passed in what felt like mere days. We whiled away the time talking, reading, singing and hanging out in the garden. That crossover was happening, a flutter of snow one minute, clear skies and warm sun the next. The weather still seemed to welcome you outside, a chill being masked with a fleece blanket to shoulders. The world was heading toward slower, more colourful days. The year was starting to wind down, another season’s change.
We never mentioned the kiss. It didn’t affect our relationship either. We were just made more aware of each other. We were more touchy-feely in a way, more hands on. Not in each other’s faces all the time, or groping at every given opportunity, no, it was somehow more subtle than that, a gentle thing. It was a look, a smile, fingers brushing, that feeling you get when you know they’re watching you from across the room. It was soft and free forming, and it suited us.
Eventually he went home. Music called, his house called, and his band members called, at least once a day, with questions about events or contact’s names. He needed to get back to business.

It was strange when he left, a gaping hole resided where he used to linger. Sitting by the fire wasn’t the same. There was no banter, no giggles and no warmth. How could I change that? Could we make it work? How would people take our relationship? Was it anything to do with them anyway? Life was too short at it was. Max used to say whatever it takes. Maybe that would work for us too, for Dan and me.
Sat on the couch with my laptop, I was trying to write, but my mind was wandering. My note taking pen rose to my teeth, the lidded end being rendered to mush. There was no telling what the year ahead had in store. That was all to come, but there was one question unanswered, one I needed closure on.
The weeks that followed were spent seldom alone. Once I was mobile again I was gone, plane, train, Camaro, pickup, Triumph or crazy horses, I loved it all.
The postcards kept coming from Winnie. They trickled into my mailbox, Mexico, Maui, Barbados and Beijing. There were nights in McCall’s, just not so heavy, and no more dancing on the bar, Mike’s orders. Life carried a different weight, lighter somehow, without drama. Boring in my eyes sometimes and, most of the time, I was good, I was real good. And that was okay, for anyone but me.

I tolerated the mollycoddling for as long as possible, weeks, a couple of months at the most. Christmas came and went, New Year too, but then I had to break out. It came with the spring and the warmth of a fresher season. Stevie saw it, Chels witnessed a little sweep of the tip, even Jake commented about it.
‘Stevie, dude, is Tee okay? Man, it looks like she’s chomping at the damn bit ... That’s one chick on the point of going loco ... Damn, it’s been a while since I’ve seen her this bad ... Not since, you know when ...’
Jake fell quiet sat at the mixing desk. He’d seen me after losing Max, and he’d seen me an hour earlier. They were the same person. I’d just come back from a ride on Big Boy, needed bugs in my teeth or something. It helped me feel alive, so I’d said.
Stevie took a deep breath, and then exhaled loudly through his nostrils, his elbows resting on his office chair arms, fingers picking nails, eyes down.
‘Well, if ya there and I ain’t, duck and cover, boy, cuz it’ll be like a damn volcano uncorking itself, the debris crash-landing everywhere ... And if I am there,’ he grinned in a devilish way, one cheek dimpled, ‘hell, grab hold a ya CK shorts, cuz we is going down, Tee-tastically ...’
His face became a smile of teeth and twinkly eyes, his knuckles coming up to touch Jake’s.
‘Amen to that, brother,’ Jake chuckled, ‘I am all the way there with ya ... See ya on the other side, my friend ...’
‘Ten and she’s out though ... She can get as blazed as she damn well pleases but it’s a one off ... We know she needs to release the beast,’ Stevie chuckled. ‘Let’s be there to help, but not to hover ... She knows she’s got limits, so let’s help her not forget them either ...’
‘Okay, I’ll pre-roll a box of joints for her, and when they’re done, she’s done ... Just one big bang won’t do her much harm ... Seeing her like that, today, that’s doing the harm ... That ain’t her, that ain’t our girl,’ Jake commented, whilst pulling a funny face.
He passed Stevie the spliff, after blowing the ash off the end, then turned away back to the sliders.
‘Where do we kidnap her to? ... McCall’s, C.C.’s ... Manley Mile?’ Stevie asked aloud, his fingers brushing his jaw line seeking inspiration.
They sat, silent, for a moment. Finally Stevie finishing his thought.
‘Or ... Do we whisk her away to somewhere new and get her blazed in a mind-blowing location?’
His own ideas was infectious, he liked his thinking. It became something else.
‘Oh, my, God ... Hamsterjam (my pet name for Amsterdam) ... We ain’t been there in ages, not since the last European tour ... Tee loves Damrak and The Grasshopper ... We could go wild ...’
‘Maybe too damn wild ... Remember Chicago and Chels’s birthday? ... She coulda hurt people, bad ... That shit could kill her now,’ Jake replied, laughing at the memory.
‘Hell, point taken ... I get ya thinking there ... Fuel to a damn flame, that one ... It’s like Max is alive in her ... I can almost see him in her eyes some days ... It’s kinda scary but funny,’ Stevie grinned. ‘Nice to think he’s still with us though,’ he chuckled.
He paused before continuing.
‘... Jeez, he chose well with her, didn’t he? ... Knew I was gonna like her the day I met her in London ... Man, she was great to work with, amazed me every day with her vision and eye for detail ... Soon sorted Numb Nuts out too ... That was awesome,’ he smiled, the steps of the past retraced.
‘Stevie ... Is she gonna go away from us, do ya think? Ya know, move on, leaving us behind.’
Jakes eyes flicked to the view of the studio spread beyond the window by the door. They settled on Max’s red acoustic.
‘... She won’t go back to England, will she?’
He slowly turned in his chair to face Stevie.
‘... She’s not gonna leave us, is she?’
‘Nah ... Well ... I hope not ...’
Stevie thought about it. He took a long pull on the joint and exhaled.
‘... Not for good, anyway ... She ain’t got much family left ... G-man, her old aunt and the house is what keeps her going back ... That, and visiting her Pa’s spot in the trees ... But, nah, I don’t think she’ll be leaving us, not for good ... Not anytime soon, anyhow ...’
His eyes came up to meet Jake’s.
‘... Besides ... She couldn’t live without us ... We rock her damn world, and we’re gonna find that crazy, lost T-bird, and we’re gonna bring her on home ... It’s time she lands, my friend ... And it’s time we raise the Phoenix,’ Stevie smiled, as the glint caught in the blueness of his eye, the look, that of his brother’s.
~
I sat bolt upright in my brass bed. The dream was enough to bring my hand to my chest, the clock’s motion marching the seconds away. The wince came to my face, the tear settling on my pale cheek a moment before running a path to my jaw. I swiped it away with the back of my left hand, the sharp airborne outtakes of breath loud enough to make the dog raise his head in interest.
Another bout of oxygen was then almost demanded by wanting lungs, the greed making it urgent. And, so, the pattern continued, the ticking somehow louder, marching on as ordered.
I was back there again, in that gorgeous space, lit only by the immense quantity of spiced white candles, where shadows danced the walls. To the centre, the upside-down packing case exhibited a collection of wax columns, tall at the core and short to the outer walls, all projecting their gentle glow, all enhancing that moment in time. That same track played, over and over. It played its loop as if trapped in that echo of time, but it was always heard for the first time, the melody a drifting ocean.
I watched two people. The woman was wearing a beautiful long, lightweight gown, ivory, no, cream maybe. You couldn’t really tell, as I moved around the lowly lit room in circles, my feet hardly touching the ground. I was dancing with my man in that room with no furniture, the French doors standing open, but the shutters closed for the night.
I knew the dream well enough. I’d been dreaming it for months, over a year, if my truth be known. It’d woken me many times, my tears always a hot streak to my cheeks, ears full, wet and clammy. There was nothing sad about it, I was crying for the loss of it, and it wasn’t a dream as such, it was a memory.
Once, when Ea$y toured the US, they touched down in New Orleans. I was there with Max for some of it, and it was wonderful. Max rented an old house in the French Quarter (which, is in fact, of Spanish decent), for just three days, for him and me, alone.
I’d arrived at that place in the evening, brought by a limo, led blindfolded to that prepared space. I’d wept when it was revealed before me. With my hands to my face, I’d actually stood and wept.
Dressed in a white shirt, open at the neck and cuffs back, and black slacks, he took my coat, and my blindfold, and poured the Champagne. Giving me a glass, he hit play on a remote, and the dream had come alive, and it blew me away. There was just us, dancing, chatting, laughing, alone, no one else there. It was how I always dreamt it could be.
It always ended the same way too. Us, in the big ornate bed, in that wonderful old attic room, with its pretty balcony, and those strips of light through Louvre shutters. I remember watching the colours move across those wooden floors, hearing the sounds, and catching those gorgeous floral smells on the night’s soft breeze.
We made love for hours in that bed, in that room. Bodies wrapped around each other’s souls, as tight as could be. No one was there to get in, just us and our sounds, the lips to tips, the kissing, the breathing and the letting go. Eye to eye, we came, languishing in the hot rush with fingers on skin, knees bent, legs around a waist, the deep throated groans, that point of conceding.
That’s my dream, just there, the one I still have, on and off. But why had I acted like that though? What was different on that occasion?
Arh, well, it wasn’t Max I saw in the light of the bedroom glow, as we rolled and entwined. Oh, no, it wasn’t him, it was Dan. But the yearning, the need and want, it was the same old tide, and the same old ebb and flow, and the same old crappy crash-land. How was that possible? How can that even happen?
~
‘Dude, it’s me ... Ya got time to talk quickly?’
It was 8:30 a.m. on a Sunday morning and I was on the line.
At what time?
‘Yeah, for you, I have,’ Stevie said, stretching.
He’d just fed JR, again. Chels was in the shower and he was finishing a coffee.
‘... What’s wrong? ... Ya okay there, honey?’
‘Yeah ... No ... Look ... I might be gone for a few days ... I have something I need to deal with ... Plus, I have to escape for a while, Stevie ... I’m going stir-crazy here ...’
I sounded agitated somehow, my voice was taught, maybe getting ready to snap.
‘Where are ya now?’ he asked. ‘Ya still at home, or ya somewhere else already?’ he chuckled.
‘I’m home in Tee Town ... Why? ... You want in?’
It was all he was waiting for. The words you want in where poetry to his ears.
‘Do I want in? ...Urh, hell yeah, course I do, ya damn silly woman ... Where we heading, and who else is joining up ... Shall I call the Party Posse ...?’
He was straight on it. I paused, thinking.
‘Look, I had a thought, and I might be able to pull it off if I can find the damn keys ... Otherwise, it’s off to McCall’s, and I rent the whole of the motel’s top floor ... Bill would do that for me, no problem .... That sounds like a plan, if plan A fails miserably ...’
‘Okay, you run with it, sister ... I’ll wait on you ... What’s the deadline here, by the way?’ Stevie asked, expecting a week maybe.
‘Three days, max ... So, pull up your knickers and start to run, hon, because we is on the move ... Time is a ticking, and so am I ... Look, I got calls to make so spread the word, email me the yes and no list ... They got twenty four hours to reply, or it’s just us going, and it’s the States by the way, so no weed, caine or guns, it’ll all be there anyway, okay?’
I almost had a chuckle to my voice, but then it was gone.
‘... Oh, and Stevie ...’
My voice was concise again and a little more in control.
‘Yeah, T-bird,’ he smiled.
‘... Please, don’t bitch at me about my intake while we’re partying, it’ll be cool ... No crazy quantities and no caine ... I need to rock it up, not smack in down, bro,’ I grinned in a lighter tone.
‘Okay, I won’t ... If ya gonna be good, be good, but, if ya gonna be bad ... I’ll send ya to your room early ... And, if ya start getting to be a real pain in the butt, I’ll put ya to bed ... Ya know I hate smacking legs ... I’m a lover, Tee, and ya know that, too’ he chuckled.
‘Cool, so everything’s awesome and I’ll leave you to your day ... Enjoy ... Love to all .... Speak soon,’ I chirped. Then I was gone.
Stevie pulled his phone away from his ear and looked at the silent handset in his palm.
‘Yep, sure thing there, honey ... I’ll speak to ya soon ... Nice to hear from ya, by the way ... Love ya too, sis ... Bye ...’
He turned to JR, who was squishing a soggy rusk through his fingers whilst giggling to himself, and grinned.
‘... The keys to what, little man ... The keys to what?’ he asked aloud.
~
The house on Dumaine Street, in New Orleans, with its filigree iron balconies, looked out over the huge private courtyard garden behind, its trees, shrubs and perfect beds all well-tended. It was to be Max’s birthday present, because he’d loved it so much.
The deal was struck, the money paid, the place renovated to shabby chic, with its reinstated fireplaces through all the rooms. There had been a trip down prior to Max’s departure from my world. Under the disguise of a job for Craig Taylor I spent some time there, placing the furniture and dressing the scene. It had been a labour of love, exactly as I could imagine it all those months previously.
I hadn’t set eyes on the place since, never to return. The keys had been dropped into a black box for Max. It had even been tied with black ribbon, which was then left, never opened, never seen. Now they were sat on the kitchen table, box open, ribbon discarded. They hung from the key-ring I had made, black onyx set in gold, with Manley Mansion embossed on it. I smiled as they glittered in the light.
It had stood empty for nearly two years in my ownership. The property maintenance company sent reports of any problems as they arose, other than that its shutters remained closed. Dust sheets covered all my lovely things as if put to bed. There had been a death in the family, and the house was currently still in mourning. But that was soon to change.
I made the call. That call was to a lady by the name of Callista Montgomery, and she was the caretaker, if you like, for Manley Mansion. A large dark skinned lady with the prettiest dark eyes, and wickedest sense of humour you’ll find south of the Mississippi. When I told her I was coming for a visit the lovely African-American nearly burst.
‘Miss Tee, ya coming down? I can’t contain myself ... We sure have looked forward to seeing ya ... Ya coming for my Cajun cooking or my sweet potato pie?’ The laugh was infectious. ‘No matter, no matter, I’ll get it ready for ya ... Ya leave it all to me, Miss Tee ... As it should be, as it should be,’ she laughed, her teeth a ray of sunshine under her crinkling eyes and high boned cheeks.

All I told my party of five was we were going to New Orleans for a few days. I still hadn’t told anyone about the house. Why spoil that surprise? We arrived on a wonderfully warm day, sun shining, everyone raring to go. Upon landing, the hired cars sped us away with our bags, and the plans started to be made. I explained we weren’t in the city centre, but what they were about to see was going to blow their minds.
The electric gates swept open upon our approach, bringing us around the side entrance to the courtyard parking and turning point to the rear. The gravelled area had plenty of space for two cars to manoeuvre around the centrepiece water feature, as it tinkled clear droplets onto coloured glass beads. With the bird song as our only announcement, the peace and quiet was a most calming option.
‘Welcome to Manley Mansion ... Enjoy your stay, people ...’
I was stood on the rear balcony as I spoke, my group of guests stood below looking up. The scent of wild lilac and orange blossom hung on the breeze, the vines and foliage in abundance on every level. They turned and twisted, their eyes feasting on their surroundings. They were very quiet, their attention taken with what they were then faced with.
The doors were thrown open to the warmth as bodies with bags wandered in, faces turning as their smiles appeared. Shutters were pulled back to reveal a cool space, pale coloured plaster and comfortable couches and corners. A massive open fire would heat the whole floor, which was nearly all of that one living space. More balconies were found on the other side of the removable partition, the wall sliding apart to create a ballroom.
I explained, ‘Downstairs is the kitchen, the rules are the same here as at home ... You want it, you get it ... You guys can fight over the rooms, there’s five to choose from, all double, all en-suite ... I’m in the attic, as ever ... The fridge is stacked, so is the beer cooler ... Help yourself, and mine’s a double in a tall glass, lots of cola, no ice ... The Jack is probably on the side ...’
My head nodded towards a set of stairs leading down.
‘There’s probably some weed in the little wooden drawer unit by the breadbin ... Have a look, it’s probably full.’
I looked at the boys still gawping around them, their heads slowly moving from side to side, mouths open.
‘Follow me to your rooms ... I’m dumping luggage, changing, then I’m getting pissed and stoned, Manley Mansion style,’ I grinned, walking off with my bags.
My room was just the same, things were as I’d left them, though the white sheets were now gone and the place hovered and dusted, the work of Callista.
I opened the small shuttered window above the bed. A band of light barged its way into the space, warm and welcoming. Angled eaves threw a shadow into corners, the area dark but safe. Luggage was unpacked and put in drawers and wardrobe, shoes onto shelves, out of the way. The balcony doors were pulled open, along with the dormer window blinds. As they were rolled up, the wooden slats clacked with their upward rise, the sunshine welcomed into the large, open space.
The roof windows in the bathroom gave a great view from the bath of the sky at night, the stars twinkling as if tiny diamonds. Sat centre stage, the tub greeted you as you entered, the huge walk-in shower through the door to your left.
I lingered at the door looking in, remembering my last time there with Max, both of us in that tub, only the candles lit, Champagne in hand. Standing there, to watch it as though we were caught on film, the images and sounds almost radiated from me to make them real again. Then it was gone and just another empty room, another Max-less space.
I wasn’t up there long. After a wash and change I was down to the kitchen, my Jack before me and my second joint about to be started. Food sat on the large kitchen table, ready to be consumed, as music pumped from the speakers that were plumbed through to both the ground and first floor.
All the best parties happen in the kitchen, and that wasn’t a bad kitchen to start one in. Hatch and Joey appeared first. They’d taken the two rooms on the left side of the house. Stevie, Dan and Jake had taken the other wing. It was just the way it worked. They all found a room they attuned to, done and dusted.
Eventually we were all sat together, the table groaning with beer bottles and shot glasses, the food slowly evaporating as the hours became the past, no one really paying any attention to the stupid clock. Chugging contests were won by all, me included. Peanuts became missiles, one side to the other, as beer was flicked, arms were wrestled, jokes were told and some pissed singing started. But it didn’t last long. We were just too mashed up, forgetting most of the lyrics anyway.

‘I bought this place for Max, it was gonna be his birthday present, but he never got to know that ... Can you believe it!? He went and died on me before I could give it to him, the bast’d ...’
I was sat in my spot at the end of the table, head over the back of my high-backed chair.
Dan was slumped forwards on the table, forehead down on a wrist. Hatch and Joey had staggered off to bed, pissed as farts, after which Stevie and Jake had slowly followed, singing their version of Brown Eyed Girl.
Dan didn’t move as he spoke to his lap.
‘That’s a real shitter ... Shame ... It’s a great house ... It’s got a fucking awesome vibe ...’
‘... I wanted to love this sad little house, Dan ... But I don’t think I do ... Not now anyway ...’
I poured more Jack into my glass, my hand steady, my eyes fixed on the action. Cola was then added, just not so much.
‘... I thought we’d be here for all the spare time we could steel, somewhere to run when it all turned to shit ... He loved it in New Orleans ... We both did ...’
I took a few large swigs then lit another spliff. Dan stayed silent.
‘... I don’t know what to do with it now ... Maybe I should sell it ... Or maybe turn it into a brothel ... In memory of Max,’ I giggled.
I heard the laugh from Dan and saw his shoulders move from the effort.
‘Yeah, a brothel ...’ His voice was heard from below. ‘Max woulda loved that ... Pussy on tap, 24/7... The Manley Mansion ... Girls, girls and more fucking girls ...’
‘Fancy the job as barmen then, Dan ... Good rate ... Nice view,’ I chuckled.
‘Yeah, ya got a deal,’ his head shot up, ‘when do I start ...?’
His smile was there, his eyes nearly closed, but not quite.
‘Well, okay, you chuck the boys out, I’ll grab some girls off the street, and we could have the money piling up in about, ooh, two hours ... Think that’ll work?’ I retorted, my semi-seriousness becoming hard to gauge.
‘Okay ... But we gotta wash them sheets after the guys have been in them ... We don’t want the girls catching something nasty, do we?’ he laughed.
It slowly stopped. Maybe it was the way I was looking at him. I’d moved forwards to rest my chin in the palm of my supporting right hand, elbow on the table. My eyes became brighter, bluer, as I smoked my spliff and watched him talk. The look on my face was peaceful, lit only by the candles on the surfaces around us. The night was warm and we were pretty pissed.
‘Would that make me the Madame then?’ I asked with a smile. ‘I can see me on the front balcony as the punters stroll by, the calling, the waving ... All that entertaining, chatting and drinking ... Way to go ...’
I smiled and raised my glass towards him in a toast, my eyes travelling away as I giggled.
‘... It would make for an interesting night in, that’s for sure,’ I chuckled. ‘You wouldn’t need a crap telly then, would ya?’
Dan was still watching me, his drink now in his hand, the free one dipping forward to take the offered joint that had gone out. He lifted it to his lips as I lifted the lighter, the end aglow.
Relaxing back into his comfy chair, he replied, smiling slowly.
‘Nah, you ain’t no Madame material, little lady ... You’re more re-fined than that,’ he smirked, before talking a long pull and holding it awhile.
He exhaled, slowly, between his words.
‘... Course ... Ya’d give them suckers a run for their money, if ya were ... Their time with you, damn near priceless,’ he chuckled back, looking at the end of the joint, blowing the ash away.
Glancing over at him, my eyes studied his face. Two more tugs on the joint and it was passed back to me, his smile still there. I rose to go to the sideboard, more cola required, but his hand caught my wrist stopping me from moving. Looking down at him, I remained silent as if waiting for a sign. With his head still forward he slid from his seat, his torso coming to a halt before me, his eyes cast down before sweeping up to meet mine.
‘... But I’d still pay any money ... Just to be at your side ...’
His words died away as he leant in for his kiss, slow, hot, and not resisted. The tension grew as eyes closed and his hand slid to my waist, pulling me towards him.
I came to rest against the kitchen table, within grasp, within arms. There was no fight. It came easy, as it should, as it should. It could have gone further, led all the way to the bloody attic even. Not then, though. Not then, and not with them there.
I was alert as I was ever going to be, after an evening of getting blazed, but I was saved by a different path. The squeaking on the stairs was the full stop to our flighty affair. Sixty seconds it had lasted, if that.
‘Can I smell coffee? ... Is it? ... With maybe a Jack or two in it, Tee?’ Stevie’s voice came from the stairs.
We resumed our previously seated positions, cola collected.
‘There’s coffee if ya want,’ I smiled over my shoulder as he walked in, my feet up on Dan’s chair next to him. He had an elbow resting on them, as natural as every day.
‘... Double or single Jack, by the way?’ I asked.
He slumped into the chair next to Dan, grinning.
‘Make that there a double I think, thanks kindly, and two spoons a that soft brown sugar ya have ... I like that ... Cheers, honey ...’
He spoke as I moved to put coffee and machine together in perfect harmony to make the best darn decaf in the southern states. Apparently it’s all about the bean mix, which was researched after being told by my heart Surgeon, ‘No more nicotine and caffeine diet, Tee ... Please.’ So, then I drank decaf, of the best brand, and smoked a spliff, every so often, the cigarettes a thing of the past.
‘Couldn’t you sleep? We didn’t wake you, did we?’ I asked, taking my seat again, awaiting the machine to do its part.
‘Nah, ya didn’t wake me, I needed a piss and then I got thirsty ... I heard voices so I knew someone was still partying ... Then I found you guys,’ he grinned across the table, looking from one face to the other.
‘We’re still here,’ I smiled, chin in palm as before, eyes twinkling. ‘I was thinking about this house and what I should do with it ... We came up with a brothel ... Dan wants to be the barman ... I was thinking about being Madame but haven’t decided yet, I could just be the money counter ... If you want in, you’d better find your position fast ... The jobs are going like hot cakes, bro,’ I chuckled.
‘Put me down for security, black suit at the door, two really big guys behind me, I can do that ... Sounds like a nice little number for me in my old age ... JR can run the Manley Musical Empire ... He might be only twenty months old but that kid has his head screwed on, and no messing,’ he chuckled, finishing his Jack and 7-Up from earlier, abandoned to go to bed, room temperature, enough to combat the cotton-mouth.
His coffee and Jack landed before him, two soft, brown sugars stirred in already, just as he liked it.
‘The two big blokes can be Hatch and Joey, henchmen at their finest ... Have you seen those two in tux and tie? They rock ... And they’re as intimidating as fuck with their shaved heads and wraparounds,’ Dan laughed, topping up my glass.
Looking at Stevie, I chuckled, ‘Yeah, and with those nutters on the door, you won’t have to do much, will you? ... Only stop them from battering the punters, I guess ...’
‘Jesus,’ Stevie slowly smiled over at me, ‘that’ll be a full time job, in its damn self,’ he laughed.
We bantered for another hour, maybe two, our eyelids getting heavier. All the rolled spliffs had gone, the Jack bottle nearly done, the night nearly over. Dawn would be creeping over us soon enough. At which point we knew it had been a damn good night.
‘I think I’ll keep it ... The house ... It has a wonderful vibe to it, you’re right there Dan ... I feel free here ... Without the weight ...’
I was drinking a straight coffee, slowly sobering up a little before bed.
‘I like it here,’ Stevie grinned from his chair. ‘Manley Mansion ... I like that too ... Very Max,’ he grinned, lids looking heavier by the second.
‘Keep it ... Save it as a retreat ... Like I do the boat ... It’s always there when ya need it ... I like to share the wealth too ... It’s nice to lend out ... Anyone can use it, family and friends ... And this is a nice place, Tee ... Very nice indeed,’ Dan smiled, his dark eyes swinging up to focus on my face.
‘It’s settled then ... It’s another posse party-pad ... Available whenever for whatever ... I’ll toast to that ...’
I lifted my mug. It clinked with two others. Stevie drained his and put it in the centre of the table.
‘... I’m done and going to my waiting bed ... Ya guys staying, or are ya following?’
The question was thrown over his shoulder as he moved towards the kitchen stairs.
‘I’m right behind ya,’ I replied as I looked at Dan, who smiled and said much the same.
Candles were extinguished before ascending to the living space above. Stevie’s arm had landed around my shoulder, we chatted quietly as we climbed. I was also holding hands with Dan as he ambled along, a step or so behind. He wasn’t really part of the conversation as we reached the bedroom level.
Stevie was first to disappear through a door. Goodnights were whispered as the last two standing swayed our way to the final stop. I only had a short flight of stairs to do on my knees, I was fine.
We almost made it without a collision. On the final stint, Dan’s hip clipped the side table setting a tall opaque glass vase to wobble, the flowers making it slightly top heavy. His arm had coiled my shoulders once Stevie had vacated them. Mine was hung round his waist, the thumb through a side loop on his jeans, my fingertips in the top of his front pocket.
His hand swiped out and caught it just as it was about to glide sideways. It was placed back into its proper place with a couple of gasps and a quiet giggle.
‘Shit, how close?’ he chuckled. ‘Nearly as close as you and me, pretty lady ...’
He pulled me towards him and kissed my head. I didn’t hesitate in going. It ended up on his shoulder as we glided to a halt before the beautifully ornate door.
‘That was real close ... Closer than a close thing ... Closer than tomorrow even,’ I giggled.
‘Closer than tomorrow ... That’s like miles away yet ... We got a whole day to go before that gets here ... That’s like forever, dude,’ he grinned down at me, as we both turned to lean on doorframes.
‘Well, Mister Foster, as they say, tomorrow is another day ... Let’s enjoy it while it lasts, I say ... The last one standing is the last man down ... Isn’t that how the lyrics to the track go?’
‘Yeah, something like that ... Anyway, I’m gonna crash on the damn floor any second now, so I gotta move to a stopping position ...’
His hand turned the knob and pushed the door open. We both looked into the quiet room, table lamp glowing, garden beyond open French doors.
‘Do ya need a hand, or are you okay with that bit?’ I asked, a sympathetic smile to my lips, my arms coming up to rest folded.
‘Nah, it’ll be okay ... I’ll be fine, promise,’ he replied, making a move for the bed, his locked ankles nearly pitching him sideways into the room.
Catching himself, before he hit the deck, he teetered on his right toes, the accident waiting to happen. My arms saved what could have been an uncomfortable landing. The giggle was shared between us. He was then landed, safely, onto the waiting bedspread, the divide soon cleared with the help of more stable hands.
‘There ya go .... You’re safe now ... And, ya can’t fall any further ... Unless ya roll off the bed in your sleep, but that’s down to you ... Anyway, sleep now, drunken Dan, for another day awaits you,’ I chimed in a lowered voice.
The door stood open, its light adding a trail across the hard wood floor and rug. I made a nice shape with the glow around me.
‘Thanks ... And I couldn’t have done it without ya ... No, seriously ... I couldn’t have ... I’m so mashed, there’s no way I woulda made it that far alone,’ he chuckled, his eyelids nearly down for the night.
‘Oh, Dan, you messed up heap, you’re welcome ... Now get some sleep, or you’ll sleep the day away ... Then you’ll be sorry ... Sweet dreams,’ I replied as I walked to the door.
As it pulled to, Dan kicked off his boots, dropped sideways and, as his head hit the pillow, mumbled ‘Jeez, Dad used to say that ... Sweet dreams, too, pretty lady ...’

At last, alone, the house silent, the party was over. Just the one watcher remained. It was the one that remembered the singing voice of a ghostly Max. Sat in the room of many candles, I watched them dance together again. They whooshed right by me, filling the empty space as if they were there again, together, alive and full of love.
It had been vacant for a while, that white house, or so it seemed back then, little furniture in great big rooms. Ten foot high ceilings, floor to coving French doors, they let the light, the air and fragrances flood through.
Max had loved it from the moment he found it, and would have bought it then, had he have found the right person to talk to. I found the right person, and I offered the right money, the perfect gift for a birthday present, the perfect gift for Max. He came alive there, he was animated there, and he was lost in me there. It was perfect, all round, and in many ways.
And still the memories swirled, still the voices rang, still the love could be felt. It was all around me, cruel yet a comfort, to have but not have at all. It was just my memories playing again, the movies of my past, as they always did, as they always do, and always would, forever.
Silence was a good place to hide sometimes. All the lights off, more Jack, more mixer. No music, no need, the familiar tune already playing in my head. If I really wanted to hear it loud I’d plug into my phone with my cans on. That time and that place demanded something else. It demanded being wallowed in, a hot bath and soothing hands, the ‘letting it go’.
I slowly sank into the uber squishy double depth couch, drink at hand, table to the left. Candles lined the walls, just like before, most lay unlit, but the ones in and around the fire danced in the draft, the mantelpiece the same, the spicy scent drifting, calming.
‘Dance for me, Max,’ I whispered into the empty space between me and the flickering fireplace. ‘Dance for me, just once more before I go ...’
Misty eyes caught the light. A dribbled tear put a warm, watery line over a cheek. The glass was raised in the direction of the hovering shadows before me, not seen by another’s eye.
And, so, I was lost once more, as we danced, laughed and held tight. I tasted those lost kisses. The candles burnt as the time swept by, those hours lost to the rhythm of our dance. We made love in that spot, over there, by the French doors to the garden. It was a stunning night so Max had left them open.
I was sat there watching it play out as if I could project the memory into the space around me. It wasn’t hard recalling all the wonders of my life. But changes were coming, and one just so happened to be under my roof.
I clamped my eyes shut at the image of Max. It forced a quick trickle of water down my face in two short streams. I held them closed, quietly taking in my surroundings, the creaks, the building settling. Breathing in through my nostrils I slowly parted my reluctant lids. Finally the blur cleared and the room was silent but for a new shadow, one that wasn’t there the moment before.
There were five guys in the house. From a distance, and in the dark opening to the stairs, it could have been any one of them. My eyesight was tragic at the best of times. I waited to hear a voice or maybe see a face. One more step would do it.
‘Ya still going ... Colour me impressed, little sister,’ came into the room before the features walked into the soft wash of light, my guest being further lit the nearer he grew.
Stevie crashed into the other couch corner. He picked up a used glass, sniffed into it and pulled a quick face.
‘Ya on ya own now then ... Last one standing?’ he grinned at me, the glass about to be put to good use. ‘Enough J and C left for me?’ he asked, after getting comfortable again.
His face came round, his eyes flicking in search of the bottles. I was already moving. From the icebox I passed a can of cola and the Jack. Stevie was more than happy. He blew into the glass quickly before pouring his coke in first. Once that settled he added his Jack as a topper. Another smile appeared upon completion of the act. I still hadn’t said anything.
Stevie tried again. ‘Were ya just drifting in ya head? I do that sometimes ... I get lost in a moment ... Swim in it again and again ...’
My face turned toward him.
‘I was dancing with Max, in this very room, about two and a half years ago ... It’s still as real as you and me sitting here, right now ... But, at the same time, it’s just me holding onto a dream that never comes true ...’
My eyes turned sad, as sad as he’d seen them in a while, but there were no tears, not then.
‘... I’ve come to say goodbye to him, Stevie ... He can be free to roam ... If I need him I know where he is ... It’s time I let go ... It’s time I move on,’ I smiled, my eyes coming back to his.
There was his friend again. I was right there. Lit up and alive, my eyes, a pretty blue with grey specks at the edges. There was that smile, curving my lips, my hair in loose plaits, my fluffy socks, the cute camper lounge pants and the oversized sweatshirt of Max’s. It was all part of me, and he loved and protected that. Max would have wanted him to. It was part of his job description.
‘Well, okay, if you’re sure, then maybe that’s a good thing, honey ... It don’t mean ya don’t love or miss him anymore, does it?’ he bounced back, his eyes still on mine as he swigged from his glass.
‘Exactly,’ I replied. ‘That’ll never change ... He’s still a huge part of my life ... We had so many good times, Stevie ... So many good times ...’
‘... But, it’s okay to move on, honey ... And you’re not bad looking, still ... Ya could even meet another guy and get hitched again ... Ya never know, huh?’
He raised his glass towards me with the last of his words as if toasting the wedding already.
‘Gee, thanks, bro ... Not bad looking ... Oh, I’m fine then,’ I chuckled, ‘there’s life in the old bat yet ... Still got me own teeth, can still see, and walk to the door without getting lost on the way, and then, on a really good day, I might not forget where I live ...’
‘Man, ya doing better than me then,’ he chuckled back. ‘That’s the bit I keep forgetting.’
‘How can you forget Manley Mile ... Even your postman knows it as that now ... Funny how that spread ... Anyway, if ya can’t remember that, then you’re very sad, Stephen Aaron Manley, very sad indeed ...’
In the time I’d been talking I’d slid a little more down and into the couch. I was still grinning and in control of my drink though. I was happier than Ziggy in a dog biscuit factory.
‘I ain’t sad ... I’m getting old, leave me alone,’ he mumbled, ending with his lower lip pushed out,
It didn’t last. He was giggling a second later.
‘You’re six years younger than me, ya pillock ... I’m only forty-one pal, don’t forget that ... Getting old, my arse ... If anything you’re going backwards, like the bloke in that film ... By the time you reach sixty you’ll look about twelve ... You’ll see, bet you I’m right ... Getting old? ... Pah,’ I chided, my sense of humour waking from the fog.
‘Ya like them young, don’t ya? ... Ya like our Danny boy then, do ya? What, he’s younger than you by five years?’ he asked, the eyes moving away, the cheeky grin staying right where it was.
I looked at him sideways. My face was completely devoid of any emotion, the smile totally gone.
‘Yeah,’ he continued over my sudden silence, ‘ya might look at me like that, but I knew ya were necking in the kitchen when I came down earlier... That’s why I spoke before entering ... It was the least I could do,’ he chuckled, his eyes moving to mine. ‘I might be pissed and stoned, but, I ain’t downright stupid and blind ... It’s been like it since we got here ... The way ya are with each other ... The looks, the smiles ... Jeez, it’s real funny to watch ...’
He gulped the last two swigs from his glass, his eyes moving to settle on the crystal wind-chime turning slowly by the open French doors.
‘And, if my opinion counts at all, sis, it’s good that ya taking it slow, not rushing into anything, getting to learn about each other, being friends first ... That makes sense, my hats off to ya both ... Just mind ya step, and don’t go getting yaself hurt ... Either of ya ... I love ya both, ya know that ...’
He said his bit then sighed.
‘... Well, I’m done ... I’ll leave ya to ya early morning, honey ... Maybe try and get some sleep for me, please, if ya can ...’
He rose and wandered off.
‘... Night, baby girl,’ was called over his retreating shoulder.
‘Yeah ... Night, bro,’ I called back.
I waited for the receding footsteps to be gone and the melody to start in my head once more. Slowly I closed my eyes.
‘... Night, Max ...’ I almost whispered.
I was the last man standing, yet again. I slid sideways, with a self-satisfied smile to my face, my head coming to rest on a scatter cushion. Within five minutes, I was asleep.
~
Tee Town, as I’d come to call it, was a beautifully odd little house in a pretty area surrounded by open farmland and wild meadows. The track from Bookshop Corner led down a road of few properties before it opened out to a stunning vista. Off to the west The Rockies are to be seen cutting a line north to south, their pinnacles always a pleasure to witness. From the east came the sun on most days, its path only hampered by towns and farms away in the distance. A coppice or two were scattered along neatly edged fields, local kids built camps and tree houses there. You could follow the stream for hours from Penny Mile.
He turned to me from the sunlight through the window, yet another summer was upon us. Thinking he was starting to get to know the woman talking behind him in her kitchen, he had hoped things were heading in the right direction. His thumbs were hooked through the front loops of his jeans, his head dropped a little from the glare.
Dan’s dark eyes were watching the dog in the front yard. Ziggy was rolling in something nasty on the lawn. Every so often he’d stop, stand up, take a sniff of the smear in question, and then shake himself before starting his wriggle-roll all over again. Whatever it was, you could guarantee it wasn’t going to smell too good.
‘Way to go, boy,’ was thought with a wry smile.
My voice broke him away from his dog watching. He’d not been listening to me really. He’d been lost out there, rolling in gopher shit with my stupid mutt.
‘... Dan? Are you even listening to me?’
Taking a few steps towards his back, I stopped, my eyes going to my hands, fingers playing with a thumbnail.
His voice came as a dreamy drone almost.
‘I remember the very first time I met you, sat in your office, in London, talking about the cover for the album ... We all had this stupid bet on, who’d be the first to hack and sack ya ... All I saw was a power-brain with an incredible eye, a person who could almost take a photograph of the ideas I had in my heads and then, somehow, put that on glossy paper, right there, for us all to see. Didn’t realise, back then, Max would be the one to win you in the end, you guys seemed to hate each other ... But that soon changed ...’
He turned with a cheeky shade of a smile lifting one corner of his mouth.
‘... And ya wanna know what else I thought? ... I thought ... If anyone was gonna take the reins to our mad Max, it was gonna be you ... And damn me if ya did ...’
His eyes came round to rest on mine.
‘... I ain’t sorry we shared that kiss, Tee, it just felt right ... So ... I did it ...’
He walked towards me, his small effort to remove the sad look from my face.
‘... I’m sorry if ya felt it was wrong ... But I ain’t sorry I did it ...’
He came to rest, stood before me, his hands moving to my upper arms. He so wanted to pull me towards him and hold me, just for a little while. My eyes held his, as grey as they’d ever been.
‘When I first saw you, really saw you, all four of you were pulling moody poses downtown in The Booty Box ... The shoot also saw you all playing tiddlywinks with beer bottle tops.’ I smiled, ‘I think you and Jake won ...’
‘Tee,’ he whined, ‘why we doing this to ourselves? ... Look at us,’ he pulled me against him, my hands to his waist, ‘we’re so good together ... Ya breaking my damn heart here ... You’re doing things to me I’ve never needed before ... And I need it now ... I need you now ...’
I turned in his arms, as though I were clay on a potter’s wheel, and walked away. He followed me.
‘Okay,’ he tried again, ‘tell me ya didn’t want me to do what I did, and that ya don’t want me here and I’ll go, Tee ... That’s all ya gotta say ...’
‘Dan Foster, you’re not hearing me ...’
Looking up at him from the seat I’d taken at the table, I smiled.
‘... Everything was very nice, thank you ... But ...’
He took my extended wrist and sat down at the head of the table. My eyes hadn’t left his as my free hand’s palm came up to support my chin.
‘... But! ... Why but?’
His dark eyes studied my face, his lips just there. My eyes dropped to his hand softly sweeping my arm, it touched my hand and re-trod its path back up.
‘There’s something in me, still ... It’s hard to explain ... It doesn’t feel safe enough to let go yet ... I don’t know ... Maybe I’m just not ready ... I’m sorry, Dan ...’
‘It’s crazy, isn’t it?’ he smiled. ‘Should be a simple thing really ... Two people wanting to be together ... But it isn’t ... Not when the whole damned world is watching ...’
His soft dark eyes slowly dropped to his hand, his fingers running over my soft skin.
‘I’m aware of the state of play, Tee,’ he voiced, his fingertips running the soft skin of my inner arm. ‘I knew how I felt about ya when we rehearsed Max’s song ... I watched ya every time we sat in that studio and went over that tune ... And I couldn’t say a damn thing cuz I could see ya were hurting ... I didn’t wanna make that worse for ya ... It was like my heart was aching just for being right there beside ya ... Tee, if we don’t try, we’ll never know ... But it has to be one thing or the other, honey ... I can’t live in limbo ...’
When his eyes came back up to mine I was there waiting to see them, I’d watched him as he spoke.
‘... Sometimes, because of whom we are and what we do, we’re not as safe as we think we are. Fame does have a price, Dan, and that’s freedom. Every step you, and I, take is open to the world to read about and see. I don’t say this so much for myself, Dan, I say this for you, sweetie ... There’s been enough hurt, enough lies, enough pain and loss to last me, us, a lifetime ... No more heartache, please ... Enough is enough ...’
A watered down smile touched my lips.
‘... I’m not saying I don’t want what you want ... I do ... I just don’t want it to be at the price of our friendship ...’
‘Arh, don’t give me that crap, Tee,’ he snapped, rising to walk over to the work surface.
He leant against it with his arms crossed.
‘We were nearly there ... What stopped ya then is stopping ya now ...’
He fell suddenly quiet, his eyes to his boots, hidden behind hair. I rose and walked over, coming to rest leaning against him, my hands to his waist.
‘Dan ... Dan ... Look at me ...’
His eyes came up, his arms remaining crossed, his barrier to keep me out, his only defence remaining.
I kissed the tip of his nose.
‘There’s something I have to do, before I’m sure, about us and this whole thing. When I had that heart-attack, everything changed, everything ... In a funny kinda way it helped, it wiped away all the worries, all the woes, some of the ghosts even ... But now, I have one question left in me, just one ... And I need the answer ... For me.’ I softly chuckled, ‘Dan, every day holds something new for me right now, and I’m really not sure where that’s gonna take me yet ...’
My eyes dropped as I spun away from him. Walking towards the fireplace I stopped in the patch of sunlight hitting the wall. It caught the strands of age just brushing my temple, a wintery thread through a chestnut sheen.
‘... Oh, shit ... You’re going back to England, aren’t ya?’
His face nearly crumpled as he stepped away from the work surface.
‘My God ... When ya leaving? ... Are ya going soon? ... Where ya even gonna tell me?’
He felt something melt inside, a cold leak draining into his torso. From where he was standing he couldn’t see the tears sitting in my eyes.
Turning away, I sat in the Lloyd Loom in the window, fingers to lips and my eyes away from the sun.
‘I was going to tell you ...’
I swallowed hard. Did he hear it too?
‘When the hell was ya? When ya were on the plane? ... Maybe I’d get an email or a text, when ya landed, maybe ...’
He was suffering hyper man-tear syndrome, caught between anger and deep hurt, he didn’t know whether to roar or cry.
‘... So, is that it? ... Ya just gonna up and walk away, from me, from us, like it never happened? ... And not just leave me, but leave the damn country ... And, somehow, I gotta be alright with that ...?’
He was getting animated as the tide gained speed and started to rise. I hurriedly wiped a stray tear from a cheek, the action made with a shaking hand.
‘Dan, please don’t do this ... I’ll be back ... I just need a break ... Time-out, that’s all ... It’s been a fucker of a year, all round ... I’ll be back, I will, I just don’t know when ...’
My eyes didn’t move from their spot in the distance. I was trying not to hear the sound of his voice, just the words.
‘Man, this is fucking wrong ... Why ya running away from me?  ... What ya really afraid of? ... That it might work and we have some fucking fun for a change?’
He walked over and crouched down beside me, his voice softening with sign of my hurt.
‘... We’d be fools if we didn’t try, Tee ...  What we got to lose? ... It shouldn’t be hard for us. We know the score, we’ve seen it time and again ... This is our chance ... Don’t run away from that ... Please ...’
My sad grey eyes, heavy with a hurt he couldn’t see, came down to flick across his tanned features. My left hand rose to rest on his shoulder, my fingers, playing with a lock just by his ear.
‘Dan Foster,’ I smiled, ‘I’m not running away from anything ... You’re making it sound like I’m not coming back and that’s wrong, I am ... I just don’t know how long I’ll be gone, that’s all ...’
‘... Then let me come with ya,’ he implored, ‘I’ll drop everything and we’ll go together, you and me ... We’ll do Europe while we’re there, pop into Paris, Russia if ya want ... Hell, let’s travel some, Angkor Wat, Australia ... Let’s get the hell outta Dodge for a while, honey ...’
The idea expanded the more he thought about it. Just up and go, no holds, no work, just go, me and him. That thought was dissolved with my words.
‘... Dan ... I have to do this alone ... I’m sorry ...’
He stood up abruptly and walked away, his feathers having been singed a little. The air around him changed slowly as his fingers lifted to his dark mop and raked through it.
‘I don’t know what to do, tell me what to do ... Do ya want me to fight for ya by waiting for ya, is that what ya want? I’ll do that for ya ... Or, shall I wait for the postcards and reply to the emails I get, now and then? ... Is that what I do?’
His hands wiped down his face.
‘... Tell me what to do here, Tee, cuz I’m lost ... I’m real lost ...’
My feet came up onto the chair as my arms clamped around my legs, my chin on my knees.
‘... When I was a kid my Mother used to paint wonderful paintings of the sea ... Every year we’d go camping down near a beech and she would lose herself watching the waves ... I never loved my mother ... She was lost in a world of her own, as with when she watched those waves, and there was no room for me .... Funny, but I still call it my Motherland, the land of my mother ... And I wonder, do I love it as little as I loved her?’
My sad face turned to look at Dan stood by the stairs, arms crossed, looking scolded.
‘... It’s a strange thing for me,’ I continued, ‘caught between two countries ... I’m not sure where I belong, I’m not sure I belong anywhere ... As crazy as it sounds, when I met Max and came to Alberta, it felt like I’d had the shit kicked outta me but then I found this ...’
Grey eyes checked three points in the room as I spoke. They then travelled back to him.
‘... I looked around me and I was finally home, Dan ... I was finally home ...’
He stayed silent as I rose, walked over to him, and hugged him from behind. I felt his hand come to rest on mine linked across his chest.
‘... I have chapters in my life I need to finish writing, then I need to close that book for good ... I’m moving on in lots of ways, Dan ... We all need to let go sometimes ...’
‘... Does that mean letting go of me too ...?’
It was a direct question. He awaited an answer.
I did let go. I let go and walked to the kitchen. Opening the cooler door I took two beers out, popped their caps, and stood to take a swig from one.
‘Dan ...’
I paused while I took another swig, sauntered over and proffered him the other.
He tried to refuse as I took another shot from mine but then took it as I turned away.
‘... I’m not letting go of anyone ... We’re not a couple, are we? ... I thought we weren’t that serious ... Just close friends maybe ...’
I still hadn’t turned back to him.
‘Oh, okay ... Then ya really do need to go away for a while and get ya head together ... I thought something happened between us back there ... I thought ya felt that too ...’
He walked over and put his untouched beer on the kitchen table next to where I stood. Pulling a fast smile he walked off towards the open front door. Stopping, he turned.
‘Well, looks like ya gonna go, and it won’t matter a shit what the hell I say ... Just outta interest though, and cuz ya never did answer the damn question ... When do ya fly out?’
After a pause from me not replying he asked again.
‘... Tee ... When ya flying out?’
Sad eyes moved from my bottle to his face, the pale blue as dewy as a misty morning. Two words fell from my lips, as one droplet of clear water ran my cheek in a straight path.
‘... This evening ...’
His face turned to stone but something slowly softened around his eyes.
‘Holy shit,’ he chuckled, hands on hips, his head swaying in slow motion, side to side.
Turning away, he walked out the door, sending the fly screen slamming shut against the doorframe.
‘Send me a damn postcard ... If ya remember,’ was called back.
By the time I reached it behind him, he was in his truck and reversing, a dust trail engulfing him as his head craned over his shoulder.
As I stepped off the veranda he was onto the track and gone. Only one word was spoken into the warmth of the day.
‘... Bollocks ...’ I sighed.
~
The morning I landed at Terminal 5 it was one of a kind. Walking out with my luggage in tow I was greeted by a warm breeze and a hot sun high in the sky. I’d been in Canada for so long I’d forgotten England had summers too. Sadly, the ones I remembered were usually slate grey skies and cold drizzle, soaked to the skin in three minutes flat, and everyone wearing faces that matched. That day was different in so many ways. No miserable excuses for human beings crossed my path, the weather turning the souls I saw into a different breed of person.
I may well have been right. Some time on home turf may well help me get my head straight, help me clear out the cobwebs and quiet the nagging in my brain. Dumping the dog with Stevie only to leave at the drop of my cowboy hat had left me pretty much homeless though.
The house in Stockenchurch had been rented on a long term lease and I had little family to fall back on. I didn’t want to be a burden to anyone, Gazza included. Instead, I decided to take an executive suite in The Kings Head, located just around the corner from both him and my property.
The robbing bastard of a taxi driver fleeced me for £150 to get me to the door. There was a tip but he didn’t like it much, it went along the lines of don’t sit down with a light bulb in your back pocket, luv. I’d paid by credit card and wasn’t helped with my luggage. That man had been the only let-down so far on my trip, my Executive Club Seat flight being the highlight so far.
I showered and then sorted my clothes into the massive wardrobe and one of the many chests of drawers. Once that was arranged to my liking, I ordered food to be sent up to my room. This was consumed, plates discarded, before I decided to crash for the rest of the day. The last thing I did before laying my head down was to call Gazza and let him know I was home and would see him later that evening.
The sun streamed through the windows as I pulled myself from the king-size bed. Feeling only a little worse for wear, I wriggled into clean clothes and stood at the window to take in the sights and sounds of an English summer’s eve. Had I missed it? I hadn’t decided. Taking my bag and key I wandered out of the hotel and towards the cul-de-sac to find the friend I knew I had missed.
As I wandered the quiet paths I smiled at the pale blue sky and the birds singing out the end of their day. School kids ambled passed on their way to the shop, to a pal’s or homeward bound. The odd dog barked, as a cat basked on the hot pavement, then shot into a garden as I approached.
My house, now rented out, sat quietly in the corner. There was no one parked out front, they were probably down the pub by then. Turning up Gazza’s path he was at the opened door as I reached it.
‘Well, bloody hell ... Look what the west wind blew over the water ... How ya doing, mate?’
His arms were extended as I walked into them, the smiles a warm welcome home
‘I’m doing okay ... How are you, ya old bugger?’ was said into his shoulder, the hug lifting me and squeezing the breath from my lungs.
‘Better for seeing your bloody ugly mug,’ he chortled, the smile still there as I stepped into his bachelor pad.
‘How was the flight? No cattle-class this time, I hope?’
‘No, BA all the way, pal,’ I chuckled, putting my bag down and following him into the kitchen. ‘How’s the house been? ... There been any problems over there?’
I leant against the worktop, arms and ankles crossed. He moved to the fridge and grabbed two cold beers, the condensation running in pearls down the outside of the bottles.
‘Beer, or is that a bloody stupid question?’ he chuckled.
‘You know me,’ I grinned back, ‘never one to pass on a cold one ...’
He handed one over and another glass was taken from the cupboard behind him.
‘... No problems with the house, Tee, and the tenants are a bloody dream ... They ain’t been a problem either, and you’d really like them ... She’s an Art Teacher, over at ATC, and he’s a Drama Teacher at some place in Tring ... They like a few tokes too, which was a great way to break the ice.’
Gazza moved into the small neat garden through the backdoor. He took a seat as I followed behind, beer and a glass in hand.
‘Arh, my kinda people,’ I smiled. ‘I remember you passed me a joint the first time we met ... Cleaning your Triumph at the time, as I recall ...’
‘Yeah, I remember,’ he laughed. ‘How many years ago was that now?’
He seemed to be trying to locate the day within his collection of misty memories.
‘About a million,’ I laughed.
‘Yeah ... Feels like that sometimes, don’t it?’ he chuckled back. ‘So, come on then ... Tell me what ya been up to ... What ya got planned while ya here, anything exciting?’
His eyes came up to mine as he took a swig from his bottle.
I explained about the tour I’d done with AJ Tate, he seemed impressed as I relayed the gossip about that and what had happened along the way. Winnie sent her love and everyone said hi and wanted to know when he’d be back out for another visit. I laughed about my heart attack, Gazza’s face blanching a little before seeing my joke. His eyes turned a little sad as I recalled Max’s memorial and the words that were said, mentioning the song Dan and I had put together for it. 
‘Bloody hell, not much going on for you then,’ he replied, his eyes looking towards the end of the garden and the roses growing there. ‘Has it been that long already? Since Max ...’
I didn’t reply as I drank from my glass, my eyes shifting to be lost somewhere up in the pretty sky above.
Gazza turned back to face me. I had no sorrow to been seen, not in that moment anyway, it was being well hidden for the time being. But then he knew I was like that, held it all on the inside, the devastation masked by a dry wit and sparkling eyes. I was like that when my Pops died and Shane was in Japan. I only cried at night then, so no one saw my flaws, my weaknesses, or my point break.
‘I’m so sorry, Tee ... I feel for your loss, mate,’ he smiled, the heart within him hurting for his friend.
‘Arh, it’s alright, Gee ... I get by ... It still hurts everyday but ... I get by ... Somehow,’ I smiled, my eyes slightly misted by time and miles.
‘Ere, this should cheer you up ... A bit of a welcome home pressie too,’ he grinned.
Placing his beer on the table, he reached over and picked up a small tin sat between us. Opening it he pushed it towards me.
‘... Help yaself ...’
Looking down at what sat before me, my eyes crinkled into a smile.
‘Wow, dude, just what I always wanted ... A welcome home spliff or six ... Well done you ...’
‘Well ... I couldn’t have ya come all this way and not have a few waiting for ya ... Go on, pitch in and help yaself, chick ... Oh, and nice to have ya back for a spell, it’s bloody lovely to see ya ... And just so ya know ... If the vapour lock had killed ya, even with my fear of flying, I woulda come to ya stupid funeral,’ he laughed.
We saw the evening out chatting and catching up on news from home. Gazza cooked and I waffled as we ate. More beers were consumed as the hours trickled by. The sun dropped to turn the sky into a deep blue cover of star-studded velvet. We laughed and giggled, as the weed took effect, reminiscing about the old times spent doing exactly what we were doing then. Before I’d even looked at the time I knew my jetlag was galloping up behind me, something I couldn’t hold back any longer.
‘Sorry, Gee, but I’m fading fast here ... I think I’ll make a move ... Probably catch you again when I can see straight, okay?
I rose from the table, feeling as light as the sky was becoming.
‘Yeah, no problems, chick ... We’ll catch up soon, no probs,’ he replied as he walked me to the door. ‘What ya at tomorrow ... Got anything nice planned?’ he asked, holding it open for me to leave.
As I ambled down the path, and back towards my waiting bed, I smiled my reply.
‘Yeah,’ I chuckled, ‘... Sleep ...’

Dan walked across the den and picked up the jewel coloured silk shawl that lay over the back of the old Chesterfield couch. He was the last to leave the studio, again. His keys sat in his pocket, waiting for their time of use. He was in no rush, not that night.
 There was no warmth without me. I left the spaces empty, dull and cold, and he wasn’t relishing his drive back to another empty house, with more empty rooms. He ambled through the arch with the silk in his hand. Opening a kitchen wall cupboard he found what he sought, the Jack. A tumbler was located on the side and together they were beautiful.
After his first swig the shawl came up to his face, my scent inhaled. He stayed face down for a moment, feeling the softness again his skin, breathing me in, tasting that kiss.
‘... Why the hell ya still here ... And what the hell ya doing, ya sick puppy?’
Stevie’s voice came from the front doors, a flash of sound across Dan’s empty silence. He hadn’t even heard Stevie enter for being lost in his drowning. His eyes sprung open, the dreamer being sharply slapped awake.
‘... Urh ... Nothing ...’
The shawl dropped to below the counter, trying to be hidden. It didn’t work.
‘... What ya doing back? ... Thought ya’d be home right about now,’ Dan demanded, almost angry at the interruption.
Stevie walked towards the counter as Dan spoke, his hands dropping from his hips and reaching for the Jack with one of them.
‘Yeah, well I woulda been home right now ... Till I realised I left my damn reading specs here ... Can’t do bedtime stories without them now, can ya?’ he grinned.
Stevie recalled the sight upon entering the lodge. Dan with his face immersed in my shawl, eyes shut and lost somewhere.
‘Ya ain’t gonna do what ya was doing, just now, but in her panty drawer, are ya?’ he chuckled, going for an empty glass and splashing some amber fluid into it.
Dan didn’t laugh to begin with, but had to after looking at the smile on Stevie’s face. That schoolboy grin hung there just the same as it always did.
‘No, ya cheeky hound dog, I ain’t like that, and you know it ... Besides,’ he smiled, ‘I’d prefer their owner to still be in them ... If I had a choice, of course ...’
‘Well, I be damned ... This is getting hot, hot, hot ... Her going away must be a real kick in the nuts ... Man, ya got it bad ... Why ya still here? ... Go after her, ya dumb asshole.’
Stevie couldn’t understand why Dan was still there, still in Canada even.
‘Cuz she don’t want me, Stevie ... I think she’s gonna go home for good this time ...’
Dan’s eyes dropped to the shawl that had risen in his hand. He seemed lost for a moment.
‘Hell, she’ll be back, ya stupid hulk a messed up dude ... This is her home, ya dingo ... She’s just gone to put things to rest ... She’s a Canadian Citizen now, remember? Anyhow, she can’t run from us, I’d hunt her down and bring her right on home again ... She can’t escape the JD Club, she’s the damn leader,’ he chuckled at his friend.
Dan stayed silent for a moment, hearing Stevie but not speaking until he had the right words, the ones that said it all.
‘I need her, Stevie ... There ain’t a day goes by that I don’t wanna see her ... And I want her to come home ... Like, right about now ...’
He looked over Stevie’s shoulder towards the door, just in case. Stevie’s glance followed, as if he thought the same, and then turned slowly back.
‘Dude, I don’t know much but I know a few things,’ he smiled, his eyes crinkling at the edges. ‘I know Tee like I know tomorrow is coming ... She’s torn, Dan, torn between two lives and, at the same time, she’s trying to let go ... Right now, this very second, don’t think it’s over, my friend ... The best is yet to come, believe me ...’
He raised his glass in a toast towards his melancholy buddy.
‘She’ll be back, bro ... I just know it ...’
Dan looked at his friend and smiled. He was hoping Stevie was right in his words. To lose me was not an option. The thought entered his mind before he realised. What if I did decide to move back to Blighty, regardless of my Canadian citizenship? At the end of the day, I was still a Brit at heart.

Sun streamed through the open windows, the warmth enough to make me chuck off my quilt in the night. Breakfast had been and gone hours past so I had lunch sent to my room. Following a hot shower, and putting on fresh clothes, I sat and decided to rent a car from a local company. At 4 p.m. it appeared, delivered to the hotel as requested.
The drive in the immaculate, and very new, silver Merc convertible took me out of Stockenchurch and down the hill towards, and through, West Wycombe heading for Amersham. There was only one thing I wanted to do, I wanted to take flowers to where my Dad’s ashes were scattered.
The crematorium wasn’t that far and the drive helped clear the residue of the jetlag from my head. Stopping in Hazelmere, to buy several bunches of flowers, I also purchased a small amount of rolling tobacco, some papers and a packet of filters, a little treat and enough to last a few days.
The crematorium was relatively quiet. ‘No death today then,’ I thought to myself, slowly creeping passed the front of the little chapel in my car. Parking in the furthest car park, the walk up and through the trees was beautiful as the warm sunshine filtered through. Just at the top, on the right, next to the path that led a circle round, that’s where he is, behind the bench.
I could never forget the day the little group came and did the deed. My aunt had almost dumped all the ash at once, engulfing us in a cloud of white grit. There were comments made along the lines of ‘now we’ll always have a part of him with us’ as we wiped him from eyes, and ears, and spat him from our mouths. We must have looked like ghosts ourselves as we walked from the trees, all covered in dust, all patting ourselves down as we coughed and chuckled our way back to our cars.
Placing the beautiful mix of daisies and roses in the little dip, where the majority of him landed, I stood and listened to the birds. Beyond the fence deer might be seen in the early morning, a tranquil spot to be laid to rest.
‘Hey, Pops, I’m back ... Not quite sure why though ... Guess to see you, if nothing else, not that I can see you, of course,’ I smiled. ‘The flight over was good, I remember how you used to love those long hauls ... Shame we never got to do one, just the two of us ...’
My eyes travelled the landscape of woodland, to the rose beds, and then came to rest in the canopy above me.
‘Have ya met Max and our boy yet? Hope you have ... Max is, was a good man, Pops ... You would have got on ... He enjoyed a few beers too, ya know.’
My eyes dropped to my hands as my fingers fiddled with the hem of my vest.
‘Don’t know where I go from here, but I know it’s time I move on ... Can you tell Max that doesn’t ever mean forgetting, or not loving him though, like I ever could?’ I chuckled, my eyes growing misty with my words.
‘... I’m a bit lost, Pops ... All the money I could ever want, friends and in-laws that care about and love me ... Three beautiful places to call home, which are in fabulous locations ... But, I don’t know, guess I’m still waiting for something ... Why is that? ... I blame Max,’ I laughed, with a tear on my cheek. ‘If he hadn’t have been in such a damn rush to meet Kurt Cobain, I would’ve been okay, wouldn’t I?’
Turning, I looked around at the quiet trees, the birds aloft, the plane going over to or from Heathrow.
‘... Anyway, I just thought I’d nip in while I’m here, say hi and catch up a little, the rest you know anyway, you’re watching over me, I expect ... And, yeah, I’m still smoking my wacky-backy, as you used to call it ... Some things never change, aye?’ I chuckled.
‘... Well, I’ll let you get back to your fishing ... Hope it’s nice on heaven’s lake today ... If it’s as sunny up there as it is down here, you’ll be in shorts, cooking from the rays, with a few beers cooling in the shallows, probably ...’
My smile hadn’t left my face.
‘... If ya see Max and our boy, say hi for me, please. Tell them I miss and love them heaps, and that goes for you too, okay ...’
The last few words were almost whispered through the tears in my voice, and those dropping from my eyes.
‘Love ya, Pops ... Bye ...’
I took the long way back to the hotel, driving down through High Wycombe onto the Marlow road. Parking in Marlow High Street I walked through the park and sat by the Thames for a while. As life went on around me I was made aware of all the things I’d lost, and all the things I missed so much. How time can leave you lonely.
I drove back via Lane End to get to Stockenchurch, the round trip enough to make me hungry again.
Dinner was a one person affair, sat in the hotel restaurant alone. A few other people dined there too, but their conversations were a mumble I took little notice of. There were a few drinks consumed in the bar afterwards, but I wasn’t feeling the warmth of coming home. It simply didn’t feel like home anymore. When I really thought about it, I felt like a foreigner in my own land, empty and misplaced. I didn’t realise it at that time, but I was finding the answers I sought without knowing it. Every second I was there they were working themselves out for me.

It was Gazza who helped me solve my conundrum in the end. We arranged a daytrip to Camden Market to trawl through the stalls and shops we both loved. I bought a new gypsy skirt, with bells on the hem, three long sleeve, rainbow coloured, tie-dyed t-shirts, and a gorgeous pair of leather sandals, that had jewels attached to the straps. We had lunch near The Stables, and then we wandered the streets talking and laughing about life and the living. It was a great day to be out and about in London.
On our way back, Gazza wanted to amble down Oxford Street as one of his favourite shops could be found there. It was one of those places that sold all matter of branded goods, but Jack Daniel’s paraphernalia in particular. As this was one of his main obsessions he felt he should have a look, just to see if there was something he could spend a few hard earned quids on.
Sure enough, they didn’t let him down. As soon as he saw the wall, corner and various shelves crammed with the merchandise of his dreams, he was gone. I was left to look around the rest of the shop while he pondered and pawed. Although I loved that stuff too I had most of it back in Silver Spring or at the lodge. Max had been collecting it for years.
It was as I found the first floor did I see what started the ball rolling in my head. As I turned the corner, at the top of the stairs, my eyes nearly popped from my skull. On the wall, facing me, was a mass of Ea$y collectables. The mugs, clocks, t-shirts, and a plethora of other stuff gave me cause to smile, as Max and the boys smiled back at me. Walking over, I ran my fingers across a poster of them stood in the old barn at the back of Walt’s place. That photo was taken by me.
The realisation came with what was to one side of this. The wall and shelves to the right were covered with HeadWay gear. Dan stood, as large as life, along with his band members, their moody poses enough to make me chuckle.
Slowly, my eyes rose from a t-shirt to a signed photograph of the man I was missing more than I thought I would. The nice black and white shot made me smile. It was also taken by me. In that second his words came back to haunt me, almost said aloud by the shirt itself.
“... We’d be fools if we didn’t try, Tee ... What have we got to lose?”
I could have cried my bloody eyes out, standing there feeling pretty lost without him.
‘Jesus ... What the hell am I doing here?’ I whispered aloud.
I laughed at myself, the truth of the matter becoming a wave washing across me, bringing me to my senses at long last.
‘Oh, my, God,’ I chuckled as my hand came up to cover my mouth, my chuckle held behind it.
‘... Urh, yeah ... What the hell am I doing here?’
Turning, I hurried away and down the staircase to find Gazza at the till, his carrier bag crammed with items that he’d obviously found a need for at home.
‘Tee, you alright, mate? ... You got a very strange look on ya face ... What’s wrong?’ he asked, as I barged through the other customers to reach him.
‘Gee, we gotta go ... I have to go home ... I’ll explain on the way,’ I prattled, as I grabbed his arm and almost dragged him back out onto Oxford Street.
~
I landed in Calgary at 10:30 a.m. after the luck of an empty seat. Luggage was stuffed into the Camaro and it was driving me towards the lodge before I even knew it. Hammering down the highway, the road to the mountains was taken at speeds I would never have dared in the past, but my need to get there was a driving want that had me holding my bloody breath. Those that got in my way were cursed and blasted with my horn, the burning in my chest bringing a fire up and into my throat. I had to get there, I had to see him.
My car was abandoned on the drive, the door left open and the luggage forgotten as I ran for the steps, taking them two at a time. Almost crashing through the door, I was confronted with an amazed Stevie stood in the kitchen. His head snapped round as he heard the door almost smash against the wall.
‘... What the fuck ... Tee, ya back already ...?’
‘Where is he, Stevie ... Where is he?’
I ran across the den, the question almost shouted at him.
‘Where’s who, honey?’
He looked at my red face and listened to my rasping breaths.
‘Dan ... Where’s Dan?’ I demanded.
‘Yeah ... He’s down...’
He didn’t finish his sentence. I was away already. I flew through the door and off down the stairs, my feet a blur below me. Crashing into the studio I saw him sat at his kit, his cans over one ear.
Jake was sat at the mixing desk with his head down.
‘... That’s it Dan ... Now try giving it a little more of that Apache rhythm as it crashes into...’
He fell silent when he saw me through the window.
I spoke across the silent room as I moved slowly towards my only focus. I stopped halfway. My words were hurried and out of breath.
‘... You were right, Dan ... I tried not to listen, I really did ... And, yes, because of Max, because I still love him ... But I’ll always love him, I can’t change that, I see that now ...’
I paused as Stevie came through the door behind me and stood in silence, worried look on his face.
I turned to face Dan again. I didn’t care who heard.
‘... Dan, I had to make sure where my home lies ... Please, I’m trying to make this right.’
I edged towards him. He hadn’t moved.
‘What you said, unless we try, how will we ever know? ... Do you still mean that?’
I was smiling, almost laughing.
‘... We would be fools not to try, you’re right ... And, no, we haven’t got anything to lose.’
I was almost stood before him when I finally said the words, laughing, tears sat on the rims of my eyes making them sparkle under the studio lights.
‘I’m sorry for everything I said ... But I know it now ... I know it for sure ... This is my home ... Here ... With you,’ I almost whispered. ‘I think I might even say I love you a little bit, in a totally groupie kinda way, of course,’ I smiled. ‘I do know I want us to try this crazy thing ... See where it leads us ... Ya never know, it might be the best move either of us have made in a while ...  What ya reckon?’
Stevie was stood watching as Jake moved to the door, my audience enthralled. I felt numb but the revelation was as if a lightning bolt had hit the top of my head. I was a bundle of static electricity, my hair lifting almost.
I stepped nearer still. ‘... Say something ... Please, Dan ...’
There was nothing to learn from the look on his face. I studied it. It had become one I loved without even knowing it.
‘... Say anything ...’
Dan’s eyes dropped to the floor with his thinking. Other than that he hadn’t moved until then.
Slowly my smile dropped from my lips. I’d said too much, too soon. A tear ran the length of my cheek and clung to my jaw, afraid it might make a sound if it fell.
‘Are ya sure ya know what ya saying ... Do ya really mean the words?’ he asked, his gorgeous, brown eyes coming up to meet mine, his tanned face very serious.
I smiled and almost whispered my words.
‘... I mean every bloody word, Dan Foster ...’
He didn’t say anything at first. He stood up and stepped away from his kit, sticks still in his hand. Playing with them he moved towards me, his right hand fingers slowly dropping and sliding around those of my left hand.
Finally he looked at me, his dark eyes sweeping up from his boots, saying, ‘Are ya sure, cuz I wouldn’t want ya to go changing ya mind a few weeks down the line now, would I ... So, are ya real sure?’
I nodded, the light catching the tears in my eyes. He looked perfect standing there, with his hair all over the place, his cheeks rosy from playing, and his fingers still gently round mine.
‘... Well, okay then ... Only cuz it’s you, mind,’ he smiled. ‘Come here ... Damn it, woman ...’
And, as his arm lifted, I was there, to be wrapped in the only embrace I needed, the only one I’d wanted.
Clapping erupted, it was Stevie stood behind me, leaning against the wall just inside the door.
‘About shitting time too ... Jeez, you two are as fast as snails in setting cement ... Never thought ya were gonna get there,’ he chuckled. ‘... Well, now ya got ya shit together ... Can we please get some damn work done around here?’
He ambled over and looked at me still in Dan’s clutches.
‘He’s been like a damp rag since ya left ... Thought I was gonna go crazy with his moping and being as miserable as a carton a sour milk, so, thank you ...’
Stevie kissed my head on passing.
‘... Oh, and it’s good to see ya home, by the way ... Even if it was only five days since I saw ya last,’ he laughed, making his way to the office and Jake, who was stood watching, his arms crossed, and a big grin coating his face.

Part 2
Hands Off

The humid summer’s night was fowl. Heavy rain had swung north, in off the Gulf of Mexico, and the whole area was suffering flash floods. On the beach front it was relentless. The huge waves crashed onto the endless white sand beach, the forcefully warm wind sandblasting you as quick as it took you to drag in a breath. The night came early and people pulled their shutters closed. Around midnight the winds finally dropped, then by 2 a.m. the continuous sound of falling water lulled you into a limbo of sleep, the rhythm a constant beat towards the dawn.
Stevie, Dan and I were the last three left awake at 2 a.m. We’d decided to a rent the large beachfront house before the weather changed. We were glad we did in the end.
The two boys were stretched out on the L shape of the corner couches. They’d started watching football or some sort of sport. I was lost in a dream, far, far away, head nodding as my eyes closed slowly, my smile suggesting somewhere nice.
Chels crashed first, come 1 a.m. she was gone. Jake and Amber were next, they followed shortly after. 
That left the dregs, as Chels called us. It used to make her laugh. If there was a shindig, with pot and booze, we three could go till the earth turned a day or more. It was always the same collection of us three crazies. We were always the last to crash and burn, and sometimes lovingly known as The JD Club.
As soon as that monotonous drone, from that stupid commentator, brought me back to the real world, I knew I had to move. Shaking my body into action, I climbed to my feet, kissed the two boys goodnight, and then staggered off to a back bedroom that I knew was empty. It was nearer and easier than trying to cope with the stairs anyway.
Whether it was because I was high, maybe it was because I was pretty pissed, most likely it was because I was both, that I sunk to that depth in my mind. Maybe my subconscious was all filled up with other stuff, and some of it just leaked out a little. It could have even been the residue of the guilt complexes I was carrying. In that respect, I guess we’ll never know.
Whatever it was, when I fell asleep that night I went to places I hadn’t visited for a while. Stumbling into Max’s hospital room, the ingrained smell had reached my nostrils and a fine sweat had started to creep down my body, the REM at an all-time high. Why did he never get up? If only he’d get up. I was just there, three feet away, shouting his name, trying to wake him. Why did he never hear me?
And, so, the dream repeated. It repeated just as it had all those other times, and just as it always would. It was always just as real, just as vivid. I could smell the sterile haze, it burnt breathing it in, and I could see him on the bed, the silence making everything numb and cold.
The almighty clap of hot thunder instantly expelled me from its torment with my hands to my mouth and tears to my cheeks, my jagged breaths being dragged into panicked lungs. I had to get out of that room. I had to get out there. Whatever it was I needed, it was somewhere beyond were I was then.
The ivory maxi dress I wore hung to my ankles as my need to escape drove me to the door. I moved without sound, I was saving that for the noisy sky and raging waves out there. Someone had to hear it so it might as well be them.
Out onto the veranda I slipped, into the rain, across the decking and off down the steps to the beach. Cold toes sank into wet sand, the deluge having soaked me in seconds flat. I faltered a second, my eyes held by the raging horizon. I knew he was out there somewhere, the mood, the angry skies, those hammered tears from heaven.
Then I bolted. With my hair as plastered to me as my gown, I only came to a stop when I was a little distance from the mass of rearing wild horse water. Flashlight clouds were the colour of charcoal, they rumbled within a blanket above, hiding a reluctant moon. The wind was eerily warm, tropical even, and the angry ocean was trying to reclaim the land around me. A visible spray carried to me and beyond, the salt sticky on my lips and face.
‘Come on then, SAY IT, you son-of-a-bitch, because I need this about as much as I need another bloody hole in the head,’ I screamed, my arms flapping about at my sides, my eyes pressing out fresh tears. ‘... SAY IT ... FUCKING SAY IT ... I should’ve come after you that night ... I know, I know ... I shouldn’t have let you leave ...’
A huge sob was dragged back in.
‘... I’m sorry, Max ... I’m so sorry ...’

Dan saw me hit my knees and curl forward until my arms rested on cold, damp granules. He heard my voice in the wind, and the last of my words as they were swept away by the encroaching wall of water.
Stevie hadn’t moved. He didn’t see or hear a thing. Stevie wasn’t going to be moving or seeing for the next six hours, or until he needed a pee. Then he’d crash in the nearest available spot, usually his half of the couch again, feet up, cushion over his face, out for the count, dead to the world.
Dan had left the snoring lump behind as he was carried away by his body, out to the sight he would witness in a matter of seconds. It was like he’d finally woken up after a long sleep or something.
The floodlights tripping on had expelled Dan from the shallow daydream he was lost in, they lit up the whole damn beach, let’s face it. His body was moving before his brain could register the forward motion. When he came round he was at the bottom of the steps, suddenly sobering up with every droplet of bouncing wetness. Then all he saw was me. When I hit my knees I became very small, smaller than he’d ever seen me. I couldn’t get any smaller. Then he ran like hell.
As the residue of the dull feeling started to fade away with every panicked step he pounded, I slowly filled it with something all of my own. Stevie was right when he said I could act the hard ass when I wanted but, on the inside, I was still a little bit broken, and at that moment in time, I was damn near shattered.
The small figure omitted a low sobbing sound, breaths dragged in, and then another bursting sob. He landed before me, knees in the wet sand, water dripping from his nose, his hands searching for my face in my sheen of wet hair.
‘Damn it, woman ... I know ya in there somewhere,’ he mumbled aloud to himself.
I didn’t hear it over the noisy world that engulfed me and the blood rushing in my ears. He finally found a chin and turned it towards him. I was clutching my stomach and rocking backwards and forwards as he looked at me. My lips were curled back over my teeth, it made speaking quite hard. Dan just about caught my words as I dribbled them out.
‘... I’m sorry, Dan ... I thought I’d let him go, I really did ... But he won’t leave me be ... And I can’t have him ... I know I need to move on ... But how the fuck do I do that?’
He looked at me as the tears rolled down my face and became as frequent as the rain. I came into his arms willingly, snaking mine around his waist and resting myself against his soaking shirt. My sobs resumed, the hold growing tighter.
The wind chased itself away as the rain clouds stalked a destiny some ways on up the Gulf.
‘Honey, it won’t always be this way, I promise ...’
He stroked water down my long hair and willed me to believe him with all his might. I became calmer, my control encouraging.
‘One day you’ll get where ya need to be ... But it won’t do ya any good rushing it ... It takes time ... Sometimes a long time ...’
He reiterated his words with a gentle squeeze to reassure.
‘This thing that happened ... There ain’t no coming back from that, Tee ... There’re a lotta steps that need to be trodden after an event that breaks the very heart of ya ... The road is gonna be rocky sometimes ... Especially if ya feel alone when ya walk it ... But ya don’t have to be alone, Tee ...’
He spoke in a way that would underline the loss of his older brother. Ross fell through thin ice and drowned while a bunch of kids played hockey on the partly frozen river. The current carried him away. Dan found out about it when he got home from a drum lesson. Ross was found, the next day, where the sun had melted an air hole on the bend down near Bow River Bridge. The current and shallow water eventually drove him out. The family grieved and the world suddenly ground to a halt. Their loss was on a grand scale.
My voice crashed him back onto the rain swept private beach. I’d melted with my tears, my words being a mumble to his shoulder between my sobs.
‘I don’t want to do this anymore, Dan ... I’m tired of the hurting, and I’m tired of being tired ... Why’s it have to take so bloody long?’
His face slid down onto the wet chestnut hair resting on my cold and wet shoulder, the one with the rose tattoo he could stare at for hours. The embrace wouldn’t falter. The emotion was as wild as that raging surf, his control almost chivalrous. There was a gentleman indeed.
‘Oh, honey ... I’m right here with ya ... I’ll help make it okay, I promise ... I ain’t going anywhere, Tee ... I’m here for the long-haul, honey ... I’m staying, and I’m not letting go ... Not this time, Tee, not this time ...’
Sadness fell with the rain, a cold shroud that clung and defeated. As the drumming slowed the wind abated. It came as a warm breeze, heavily charged, the storm blowing itself away further on up the north coast and beyond. The storm was passing.
~
Terrick Daley walked from his solicitor’s office. It was a nothing kind of day regarding the weather, one minute sunny the next minute rain, the same pattern just in a different order.
It took a long time to locate the parents he didn’t know existed until five months ago on his twenty-first birthday. The look on whom he thought was his mother’s face was somewhat nonchalant. They felt he was old enough to handle the truth, so they dropped it into a conversation over dinner and that was that.
Karl Monroe, the solicitor, had finally found an address after all those months. The paper trail had started in one country and strayed to another, across oceans wide and miles afar. Karl was good at his job. He especially loved working down the line. Every line had an ending. It always stopped somewhere.
This young man in question had two choices. He could pursue it to the end or walk away. Time was needed, time to think. It was time to spread his wings, maybe, a gap year three years too late, perhaps. There were places he wanted to see, people he wanted to meet. A work permit would be needed, that’s what they called them over there. And would he need extra papers to travel?
The passport was waiting, had been for three years. Since he had his suspicions at eighteen, he’d felt it then, the change in the air, the way it contorted a little.
Mum and Dad had changed too. It was as if they were still holding back though. First he’d put it down to moving off to Uni but that soon changed. Dad was then the biggest turn around, became more of a friend and was on the phone more. Mum, well, Mum was Mum. She wafted about, did her art class and had her coffee mornings with the girls. He knew she loved him and would die a thousand deaths for him.
He knew all that, but there was something else though. She’d cried more as he’d got older, quietly weeping in her room, away from them, the boys. Terrick didn’t know why or understand. Women were just like that sometimes. Maybe it was her age or something, right?
Standing on that street, that feeling hanging over him, the knowing, the remembering, the years gone by and the wondering, it had all led to that moment right there, the truth in the palm of his hand. He looked down at the wad of A4 papers rolled up in his fist, the sum of him, his history, finally.
There was no pain. He was slightly pleased about it coming to light in the end. At least it was out there now, everyone knew, time to move on. Fight or flight, isn’t it? Isn’t that what they say? Face it or fuck it off? Just make a decision and walk the walk, see where it leads. It may lead nowhere, but unless you try, you’ll never know, right!
So, next was the big trip abroad to follow the thread that was still applicable. There was more to see and just a flight away. All he needed was that final piece of the jigsaw, but he could wait. He’d already waited how many years? He decided, as he stalked off towards the Tube, when he had that name confirmed, he was gone.
~
I woke slowly from my heavy sleep, the back of my hand across my sleepy right eye, my head turning to face the door in the gloom. Had I dreamt that? Did someone just check in on me? The door closing again, is that what woke me? The thought hung there for a moment.
‘It must have been a dream,’ I thought, ‘it was at all the wrong angles ...’
Climbing from the bed I pulled on the silk kimono Max brought me in Japan, and sauntered out towards the den. The lodge dripped with that eerie silence it had at 4:20 a.m. when there wasn’t a rave-up happening. There was just me and the dog, crashed in his usual spot on the supasofa.
Flicking on the kitchen unit light, I poured cold water into a glass and stood with my back against the sink, taking small lips. The deadlines I had hit ran through my mind, the smile of achievement touching quenched lips. When the time had touched 2 a.m., the pencils and laptop were put away and I made the decision to crash in our old room, embracing its history, sleeping like a baby.
Stevie was down in the suite next to the studio. They’d put in a long working day, the same as I, then Dan and Jake had taken off come midnight, both having engagements early the next morning. All the recording was done and dusted, now was the time to finish production and get it ready to ship out. Everybody was so bloody busy.
The glass was placed on the side when finished with and the light switched off. The dog still hadn’t moved, not even a raised inquisitive head. The day dawned by the second, the light silhouetting the trees beyond so their pointed heads stretched towards the heavens. My hand rested on the sleeping mutt’s ear, the velvet fur as warm as a hug. As I turned towards the hallway, I saw it, I’m sure I did.
Yes it was. The studio door was slowly swinging shut as though someone had passed through it and down the stairs. Heading in that direction I assumed Stevie had maybe been the one after all. Sometimes he did things like that, checked, just to make sure I was okay. It was part of the brother-in-law job description or something.
Just as the door hit its frame I caught the handle. Pulling it open I called into the lit void beyond.
‘... Stevie, you’re not still working? It’s nearly half four, you nutter ... You’ll be dead on your feet tomorrow ... Stevie ...?’
No reply. The dog moved for the first time with the tone of my last word. His head first, muzzle turning towards me, his eyes blinking while he listened.
‘Ste-vie ...?’
Again the name was questioned into the stairwell as a two note lyrical jingle, again, there was no reply. Of course there wasn’t. Stevie was crashed out with the latest Bateman Chine album blasting from his headphones. He was already flaked out, dead in the head, and to the world.
Ziggy moved from dozy to alert in a matter of seconds, dropping onto the floor and padding quickly over to where his upright was about to investigate. He had to be in on this. That tone I’d used, he couldn’t remember hearing that one before. He knew one thing though, he didn’t like it much.
I was outside the studio door, dog at my side, by the time I’d given up on waiting for an answer. The lights were on but no one was home. Thinking Stevie was back in the office, by that time, I walked in that direction, through the magical door that leads into the wonderful world of music.
No Stevie, no music looping, just low lights and more silence.
Ziggy stopped half way and crashed on the floor by one of the many guitars to be found in the vast room. For some reason he liked that spot best, the spot right next to the guitar that smelt like the room upstairs, the room where his upright slept. He could see everyone from there too. Always watching out, making sure, just in case, and keeping an eye on the flock. Whilst thinking that his eyes slowly closed. They shot open again. The upright was coming back. His tail started wagging without it even registering to his brain.
I stopped before my dog and made a fuss of him. He really was a lovely hound to have around.
‘Well, young man ... There’s nothing in here but strung soldiers ... Come on ... Back to bed ...’
I straightened up and took a step towards the door when a strange thing happened. First I noticed Ziggy hadn’t moved from his spot. When I looked back I heard it. It started faint and slowly grew louder. It was Ziggy.
He was laid in his spot growling at something in the room. I, turning, looked over my shoulder, as a cold rush came down to veil the once warm space. He was looking straight ahead, teeth showing a little, eyes fixed on nothing.
‘Ziggy, what is it? What you see, boy?’
My voice was low but loud enough for the dog’s eyes to flick to me then back again.
Ziggy didn’t know the person stood over there, seven, maybe, eight feet away. He didn’t see him come in. He didn’t hear his voice. He just saw him, then, in that second, as he went to follow his upright. What worried him most was that it wasn’t like his upright over there. This was like a dream upright, there but not there.
It/he moved towards one of the stringed things on a stand. Standing beside it he bent forward, hands towards Ziggy, stretching out and then beckoning. When the hands patted jeaned thighs, Ziggy had to move.
I watched as the dog stopped growling and started wagging. He climbed from where he lay and sauntered over to the blue guitar by the amp. He then sat down, his tail back in motion as if confronted by an old friend.
I nearly burst into tears, but something stronger held back the tide. If I told anyone what I’d just seen they’d clearly think I was nuts and in need of some form of rehab.
Ziggy’s head twitched as my hand stroked down his left ear. Suddenly the space was warm again. It held a haze to it, a fog of memories.
‘Yeah, I know, Ziggy, he’s here ... I can feel him too, it’s okay, boy ... It’s only Max keeping watch ... When he’s happy he’ll move on, promise,’ I slowly smiled. ‘Hey, let’s sing him a song ... That’ll definitely have him on the run,’ I laughed. ‘Okay ... What one shall we play for him, little man?’
I lifted a guitar, the one the apparition faded behind, and sat on Dan’s drum stool beside me.
‘I know ... This was one of our favourites ...’
When Ziggy’s soft chocolate eyes moved from his upright to the faded guy, he was gone, simply gone. His head angled to one side as his eyes flicked around the empty space before him. Whoever he was, he’d moved on.
Ziggy knew he kind of liked him but, for some reason, he couldn’t work out why that was. With an eyebrow raised he stood, turned, and waddled back to his comfy spot to lie down again. It looked like we were going to be staying awhile, and there was no reason to sit staring at nothing, was there?

If Stevie had to pee once, he had to pee a thousand times. It seemed like the thousandth when he remembered leaving the studio and office lights on. After peeing and washing his hands he walked into the bedroom and slumped into his Wranglers. He wouldn’t have bothered on a night where he knew he was alone in the place, but he wasn’t alone, so he wasn’t about to chance a confrontation. Ma always said never to be caught with ya pants down, and he so got that. He remembered Max and some girls from Nebraska on the fourth floor of that hotel in Winnipeg. Cameras at the ready folks!
When he opened his door he caught the change in the air. It had music it in. He could feel a vibe coming from somewhere. As soon as he pushed his way into the studio he heard and saw it. I was sat, singing and playing, with my back to the door, and I was pretty good.
The strummed and picked melody filled that low lit void with a different kind of light. The dog was slumped at my feet, as I crooned words of how I was lost in Max, and how a cure for him just couldn’t be found. The chorus climbed and dropped as I was torn apart by my efforts not to, but the more I tried not to, the more I fell in love. My vocals were so touching, so tender, that you couldn’t help but be surrounded by what was, once, so special.
As the final chorus resounded across that empty space, I sat with my heart a million miles away, Ziggy dozing at my feet, and Stevie stood, motionless, his eyes on me, smile to his lips, as lost in the moment as I. That joy Max and I had found in each other, how could you ever replace that?
Stevie didn’t speak. He couldn’t. He just stood and watched the whole time, taking in the rhythm and the beat, the tone and the sound of my voice. It carried him as he closed his eyes. Max was there in the room, he was playing, surely. That wasn’t me, was it?
The last notes hummed into settled air, all traces of it ever being there now gone. The stillness held until I moved to place the guitar back on its stand.
This sound flicked Stevie’s eyes open again.
‘Jesus, holy, Christ, Stevie, you nearly stopped my bloody heart ... Don’t creep up on me like that, ever, else the bugger will stop ... For good ...’
Turning, I found him standing there, motionless, in nothing but jeans. My face blanched a little more as I clocked his features.
The sadness was evident in his glassy, blue eyes. They flicked from me to the dog, then to the guitar and its stand. They came back to rest on me as his fingers slowly slid into his front pockets.
‘Tee, I don’t know where the hell it comes from, or where the hell ya find it, but ya have something there ... Something of a rare quality,’ he smiled, tears sitting in his eyes. ‘I can’t recall a time ya ain’t amazed me, but this has to be one of the most amazing us moments we’ve ever had ... I’m glad I was here and heard that ... Even more ... I wish I’d recorded it to listen to later ... Damn,’ he chuckled, ‘that was good, honey ...’
He walked off towards the office with the intention of turning the light off. My eyes followed him as he walked passed with a smile.
‘I’m glad you liked it ... I want to release it as a single and go global with it,’ I grinned cheekily.
Stevie’s look slowly changed his face, it relaxed somehow.
‘Girl, if ya release that as a single, ya better have a damn good album to back it up ... Man, once that sucker goes global everyone will want a piece of that pie,’ he smiled, his eyes suddenly becoming brighter in the low light.
‘Nah, not really, not my style, you know I don’t do fame ... I’ll stick to the art and essays and you do the music, Stevie ... I can make eardrums bleed if I get a note wrong, whereas with words, I only ever let myself down,’ I giggled.
He returned to where I was still standing and looked at me, his cheeky grin hanging on his lips. ‘Well, if ya ever, and I mean ever, change ya mind about that one, you just let me know ... I can get ya started, point ya in all the right directions, even be ya Manager for thirty percent,’ he laughed as he rocked onto his heels and back again, his eyes flicking to the floor for a second.
I laughed and walked off towards the door.
‘Thirty percent ... Not bloody likely, you robbing bast’d ... You get fifteen if you work for it,’ I replied, laughing over my shoulder.
Stevie smirked as he watched me leave.
‘Hey, okay, I’ll do twenty ... And ya get the use of the studio thrown in, as ya family ...’
As I exited he decided to follow.
‘... Twenty percent is as low as I can go ... Come on, I got mouths to feed, Tee ... Think of the connections I can offer ya ... Yeah, I know ya know most of them, but there’s always ...’
His voice faded away as he hit the door and followed out after me.
Ziggy wasn’t listening to us. He was watching the faded upright. So far he had walked around the room and almost caressed some of those strung soldiers. Faded upright had then watched his softie upright, for a long time, with a look of sadness in his eyes. He’d also stood next to the other recognised upright. There seemed to be a connection there, and that was another question that had wafted through Ziggy’s mind, but was then lost to dozing.
The dog watched the haze of movement glide towards the office and sink into the gloom. It was at this point he realised he was alone. His head swung round and saw their spaces empty and the uprights gone. Damn, he’d be down there, trapped all night, like the last time there was a collection of uprights in the big kennel upstairs, great.
He waddled to the door and barked once, loudly. As if by magic the door swung open and there I was.
‘There you are ... Come on, silly dog, back to bed, Stevie’s already crashed and burnt ... We get a lie-in too ... Let’s make it a long one,’ I smiled, heading back to the room that smelt like the haze back there.
~
Time passes, seasons change, silver hairs are found where once there were none, and a wrinkle stays to become a laughter line. I looked at myself in the mirror, I’d just had a shower and stood naked, my hair a long wet mass to my back and shoulders. I looked at my body in the daylight, pinching and twisting, cupping my boobs.
‘I think I’m gonna have a boob job for my forty-fifth ...’
My words were said over my shoulder, aimed at a naked Dan walking from the shower room.
‘Yeah, right, is that before or after the dragon tattoo on ya ass ... Or was it get ya eyebrow pierced, which I quite like, personally ... I can’t remember,’ he smiled, coming up behind me, his hands travelling round to cup them for me, and a kiss being deposited onto my nicely tanned shoulder.
‘After ...’ I purred, his lips to my skin starting the tide again.
I stepped away leaving Dan to his self-reflection. He pulled a few poses. Well, he was a fit guy, he had to. Standing straight he cupped his own man-boobs.
‘Honey, do I need bigger tits too?’ he asked in a girly voice, a chuckle underlying.
A towel came at him from one side and hit him, his face wrapped in Egyptian cotton.
You dick,’ I laughed, ‘yours are already bigger than mine ...’
‘I lurve your breasts,’ he replied, as he slunk up behind me as I dried my hair.
I was bent over, my hair forward, fatal in a man’s eyes. The motion seemed inevitable. With his hands coming forward to cup them once more, I was almost rendered helpless in an awkwardly uncomfortable bent over L-shape.
‘Got ya now, woman ... And just where I want ya ...’
The chuckle came as a gurgled groan in his throat whilst he crushed his hardness against a cheek of my bare bum. He heard my giggle.
‘Give it a rest,’ I smirked, my face turning to look up at him. ‘If you are gonna do me, at least let me see you do me ...’
‘... Alright ...’ was a happily dragged out, one word, answer from Dan.
Coming round, to stand before me, his hands lifted to my waist as the dirtiest of grins smeared across his face. He marched me backwards, though the door and to our waiting sheets. The patio doors were stood open, the chill of the evening not hitting us as yet. It was about to get warmer anyway, the room’s temperature about to go volcanic, literally.
We hit the white cotton together, lips touching, naked torsos clashing. The action was in slow motion. We fell together, our timing synced. Tip to tip, the kisses rained. Soft lips to soft thighs as the heat grew higher. Dan’s tongue touched a sensitive groove. I sank to fifty metres and wallowed in the depths. Sliding into his woman’s body was a mental experience. Core to core, we connected, totally aware, our animal instincts kicking it.
As Dan entered a world beyond him, he found emotion at a different level. He blistered under its heat, a driving need, not just a want anymore. It was far beyond that. He was lost then found. He was a believer. He was in love.
I went to places I’d never known in the arms of Daniel. I would call him that, whisper it, as I rose, as I fell, when I came. He made me hold on tight, crushed me in a delicious way, he filled in the spaces. He brought me alive a little more. Cocooned there, in a place I thought lost forever, I rose to forgotten heights, forgotten places.
I wasn’t afraid anymore. I trusted, believed, could count on and adored. What more could I want or need? I knew where I belonged, apart from under Dan most nights. I belonged with him, and that’s exactly where I decided I’d like to stay for a while.
My orgasm was timed perfectly as he came inside me. His athletics arms were pushed straight, that look on his tanned face bore down for the long hot kiss that followed.
The cloud carried us for a while, lost, dozing, wrapped in arms and legs. We chatted, drowsy eyed, and chuckled, our voices low.
We weren’t just good lovers, we were good friends, always, and that was a good thing. We bounced off each other, there were no dramas and we didn’t get pissed at each other all the time. Well, so far. Isn’t it stuff like that which can last? Funny how you never think that at the time, though, isn’t it? 
~
I had been in my meadow all day working, dog in tow. I’d cleaned out the horses and then ridden Big Boy whilst Mrs BB followed. We’d taken the track to Old Turnpike Way then crossed the stream out towards the ridge. I waved to Ben Turner as he returned from somewhere on his old John Deere, his hand aloft as he bumbled by, horses shying, dog barking, as usual.
Yet another year was drawing to a close, autumn wore her gown of many colours and the odd flurry became a daily occurrence. That day was a good day. It was a good day to work, to ride, and to see the world just starting its change of vibrant hues, the greens giving way to gold and red, the mountain looking like a vast collection of perfect gems. It helped remind me to stay humble. Nature has a way of doing that sometimes.
By the time the horses were bedded down, and the tools put away, the sun had just started to drop from the sky. The shadows were dragging themselves across the land, as the chill became overly apparent to hands and face. It was time to make for home.
Once the barn doors were rolled shut, and the emergency lighting switched on, the dog was already heading for the trees. I trundled along behind with Big Boy’s saddle and reins, watching my step across grass and stream. The slabs of stone were dropped into place by Max, they had never moved. Yet another reminder of how he loved me so.
The clearing where Max’s memorial is housed is a very tranquil spot. A ring was placed on a finger there once, and promises made. Love was found and fought for there. A million memories sat in the tree length area of wild flowers and sculptured deadwood.
Stopping, as I always did, I looked into the gloom of the darkening woodland, heard the last goodnight song of the day birds, the night sounds coming alive.
‘Hey, baby, how’s it hanging? ... Say hi to Pops and Junior for me, will ya ... Love ya ... Thanks.’
Then I moved on.
Ziggy had circled, and circled again, on his line of sniff. The paths crossed and came back but always smelt the same. Funny that! He was sat on the drive, waiting for me, when I appeared from the tree line.
‘Hey, there you are ... I was looking for you,’ I smiled, stopping to reposition the heavy leather saddle, the one that was about to be abandoned on the drive.
‘... Who? ... Me?’ questioned the last voice I was excepting to hear.
Turning, the saddle was, indeed, dropped in the yard, as I flew across the gap that separated me from my quarry. I blinked. Okay, I was going nuts, or I’d just fallen asleep whilst standing in the back yard. I blinked again. The dog was still sat looking at me, waiting.
Sadly, no Max was over by the back steps. No Max, no voice, no dropping, no running. But I did once, a long time ago. I remember it as if I’d just lived the moment. Suddenly I was cold and hollow, as if something had been frozen inside of me. Maybe I was going nuts then.
I looked back at the empty space being lost to the dusk. My eyes closed as I relived the second I heard his voice after he’d been away. It had been a killer, that four months without Max.
By the time I reached the kitchen doors with my heavy load, Ziggy was already there. They were unlocked and the warmth welcomed us into a cocoon of smells and safety. We were almost homeward bound.
‘Well,’ I asked the dog, ‘we can trundle home tonight, or, we can hit the road tomorrow and get back for lunch ... What ya wanna do, Ziggs?’
As if the dog might reply, I waited for my answer. Little was forthcoming, he was already comfy on the supasofa, borderline snoring. No dinner, no drink, just crashed, exhausted, after a sixteen mile hike and a picnic by the swimming hole. Ziggy was done for the night.
‘Guess we’re staying then,’ I chuckled, turning to take the saddle and tack to its place of rest.
My dinner was a one person affair. The dog was on call when I dropped the steak scraps into his bowl though. He did stick around for some carrot bits and a dog biscuit with some maple ham on, but then he was done, back to the couch, back to sleep. That was the last I saw of him.
I wandered to the games room, steak and fried onion sandwich in my hand, carrot sticks in a pocket, cheese and biscuits already consumed. Smiling to myself, I glanced in the direction of Max, as large as life, my portrait of him on the wall above the dark leather couch that ran a comfy path below it.
Once all the food had disappeared, I slunk around the bar to the usual items, glass, Jack, up to the top with cold cola, no ice. Having kicked off my cowboy boots, at the kitchen door, I took the bottle and padded, barefoot, around to my favourite spot, the huge red and yellow leather boxing glove.
The low standard lighting was buzzed right down, the fairy lights behind the bar glowing and reflecting a pale blue in the mirrors there. The setting was just right. All I needed was the music.
My hand moved to the stereo remote without me even having to look. It was exactly where I’d left it the last time I visited that room. With the push of one small button the sounds I needed to hear came to life and bounced off the walls. That time my smile became a small laugh as my eyes took in the area around me.
I was sat at an angle in a way I was able to see Max, on the wall, and look into that night sky, the treetops creating a strange landscaped silhouette that ran for miles. As long as I could see those two things at once, I knew I was home in my heart. In that place, I didn’t feel sad, lost, alone, devastated, crushed, hollow, melted, frozen. I felt alive, that’s all I wanted, to feel alive.
Sadly, it just wasn’t the same with Dan. Yeah, I loved him, but not in the same way as he loved me. I felt that tinge of guilt wash over me again. What the hell was I doing? Why was I doing this to him?
The appropriate track cut in as that thought swept over me. I looked at Max and smiled.
‘You’re reading my mind again, aren’t you? ... Nothing ever changes,’ I chuckled to myself.
Picking up the remote I pressed the random button just to see what might come next. It was Ea$y’s Backstabber from their seventh album.
‘You rotten sod,’ I grinned, taking a long drink from my glass.
I held it up to the forever cast in oils version of my dearly departed to toast him.
‘I know, I hear ya, honey, clear as a bell ... But I do love him, Maxi baby ... You know that, don’t ya? ... Now, don’t bring me down, ya know I hate that, the way ya could do that to me ... But, hey, what do I know, I’m getting pissed ...’
The toast was made and the words said into a space that was so full of heavy rock you would never have heard me, not even if you’d been sat right next to me. The music was so loud the poor walls were nearly bulging. It was just how I wanted it. But I didn’t shout my words. I just spoke as normal, as if no music played at all.
‘Well, Mister Manley, when you let go, I’ll let go ... Deal?’ I sniggered, the smile not dropping, my grey eyes focused on a face, lost to the memories that remain forever there, and as fresh as the day they were created.
They slowly turned to the view through darkened glass, no treetops to be seen, no light in that forever sky. They would be misty at any other time. No tears were to fall that night, just the remembered feelings and whispered names.
Having had that thought, my hand patted my left breast pocket, right first time, lifted the flap and pulled out my spliff and lighter. One joined the other whilst one was caught between neat teeth. The long pulled draw was followed by loud inhalation. Then I rested back, eyes closing, the music blaring just the same, exhalation a slow movement, meant and enjoyed.
Drifting away, caught in the playing track of the moment, and blind to all existence outside my head, I was where I loved to be, and it’s where I’d planned to stay all night.

I woke to silence and the feeling I wasn’t alone in the room. Grey eyes shot open as if they had only been closed a second. I couldn’t move, frozen to red leather. I checked. Cool, eyes in full use, phew. At least I had control of them. That’s when he came into view, not there, then there, in a blink. My only option for a reaction was the tear that cascaded down a chilled cheek.
He was stood with his thumbs tucked in back pockets, leaning against the wall by the doors to the balcony, curls hanging down, lost to the view. He was a dream, I decided, just a beautiful dream, but I was happy to watch awhile, and to be in his presence, however faint, was just what I’d ordered. His timing was perfect, as ever. Watching him, he spoke to the glass before him.
‘Tee, honey, what ya waiting for here ...? Are ya waiting for a sign from me?’
He turned to face me, his eyes becoming as solid as the world around us. I could feel them on my skin, matching my gaze, looking inside.
‘Baby, ya gotta do me a favour, and I know you’ll do it, cuz ya love me and would never want to see me hurting ...’
He looked at me as if it were for the first time, his features holding my heart hostage, the want of him tearing more holes in an already unstable mind.
‘... Now, I realise ya might not wanna do this for me, but ya gotta ... Then, I can move on, and so can you ... It’ll help us both ... Please, sugar, I wouldn’t ask if it weren’t real important ...’
As he finished his words he came to a kneeling position before me, just as he’d done the day we’d became man and wife.
The noise I’d been consuming was released as a sound resembling nails down a blackboard. It wasn’t very loud, but the pain and control behind my eyes had just done battle and control had lost.
A blinding ache swooped in as I made feeble attempts to wake myself up. A burning wave rippled across my skin, it lay in wait behind the droplets collecting on my face and chest. This wasn’t fear, it was damnation. To see and have not, to hear and have not, to want and have not, ever, must truly be purgatory, and it showed in my grey eyes.
His ghostly hand lifted and came to rest against my river run cheek, my eyes closing with the strangely familiar heat that appeared there. It’s incredible how that one random act nearly burst a heart wide open with the love for just one man.
The dragged in sob was a natural response, afraid to open my eyes in case he was no longer there, wishing he’d speak my name and make it ring for a million years, never to be unheard. In no God did I trust, but pray, then, I did, the words a silent lament in a vacant frame, praying myself gone just to be with him again.
‘... Tee ...’
Opening my eyes, there he was, as whole and as real, and as alive as me. His eyes of china blue, his smile to light a stage, it was him, it was Max.
‘Honey, ya gotta let me go ... I know ya love me, and I love ya so much I couldn’t ever find the words to say how I feel ... But, it’s time ... And we both have to do it ... Not just me ...’
His hand stayed where it rested as he spoke. I tried to compose myself. I didn’t want to hear what was coming next. Sadly, I couldn’t move my hands to my ears to cover them, so I had to listen.
‘Honey, you will always be Misses Max Manley, to me ... There will always be a connection between us, and that will never end, wherever ya go in this life ...’
He smiled as his hand dropped to mine, the one that used to wear his betrothal rings, his eyes following.
‘... Ya have to scatter my ashes, honey ... It’s the only way to let me go ... I need to move on now ... I love ya, but I need to be free ... I gotta get going, it’s time ...’
Nodding slowly, he smiled his last few words as though it were a sudden realisation.
‘Okay,’ I heard myself saying in a voice far, far away.
A long blink tipped tears down the same old path, the pain a floating numbness caught just below my ribs.
‘Okay,’ I reaffirmed, my head nodding in agreement at my brave decision.
The deed would be done.
‘Thank you, thank you,’ he smiled, his face, that of an angel, looking up at me, his eyes as clear as my summer skies.
‘Max, I still love you so much, and I miss you so much, and I’m so sorry I let you go that night ... Please, you have to know that...’
The sentence was hastily finished before my words were stolen by the gasp for breath that came from below.
‘I know that, honey, I know, and it’s okay, it’s okay, there’s nothing for you to be sorry about ... I still love ya too, that’s never gonna change ... Hell, I knew it the day I first saw ya in the damn boardroom in London ... Jeez, ya had me running round for it ... Man, ya nearly busted my balls, ya damn crazy woman,’ he chuckled, the look on his face enough to feed the hole in me for just a little while.
I cracked a feeble half smile, my face finally moving.
‘You don’t get it at all, do you? ... When I cry out for you, do you hear me? When I run into a storm to find you, are you even there? Are you in heaven, now, then? ... Or, am I in hell?’
As soon as I said them I’d wanted to retract them. Had I actually said that, or was it just a shouted thought in my depressed mind?
Max pulled away, standing to his full height, hands to his hips.
‘Tee, honey, I always hear ya, and I’m right there with ya ... That’s how ya make it when ya think ya can’t ... I’ll always be there, heaven or hell ... But, right now, I’m a trapped soul that’s being kept from moving on, just like you ... Only, you’re living, and I ain’t ... Now,’ his features softened and the lovely Max shone through again, ‘the best thing here is that ya do as I ask, and it’s okay to do it, I want ya to ... It’s time I get going ... I wanna get to Junior, honey ... That’s where I wanna be right now ... With our boy ... And I’d like ya to want that too ...’
Grey eyes studied the dream, a mind whirred with the understanding to be gone, and features set into a plate of indecision.
‘Why am I even having this stupid conversation with you? This happens every time I get uber pissed and have a smoke ... The last dream you sent me was the one of the night you died ... And, here I am, deciding the fate of your ashes as if we were trying to compromise over where we’ll be spending our summer this year ...’
The light in my eyes changed. It was nothing to do with the dawn touching its first rays to the sky.
‘Where would you like them scattered, then,’ I bitterly continued, ‘somewhere of importance maybe? The Saddledome ... Or maybe even more amazing, McMahon Stadium? A mountain somewhere, off Dan’s boat in the Gulf of Mexico? ... What about under a tree on the farm where you were born?’ I grinned, the thoughts a sudden revelation.
‘Stop being a piss-taker, Tee ... No, I want them scattered here, in the clearing down by the stream ... There’s a spot where ya sit and talk to me sometimes ... I love it there ... Maybe, one day, you’ll be there with me too ... We can walk the meadow together, forever ... Plus, you’ll always know where the hell I am,’ he grinned down at me.
I had to giggle at that turn of phrase.
‘Yeah,’ I repeated, smiling, ‘I’ll always know where the hell you are ... Who else do you want me to invite to this here set you free special ... Stevie, Ma, the boys?’
I was almost drifting by then, my mind speaking as if lost to its usual state.
‘No ... Just us ... No one else ...’
‘... Just us ...?’
My eyes opened to find him stood by the opened balcony door.
‘Yeah, just us ... And, I’d like us to go do it tonight, as a new day touches our little world ...’
He looked over at me, holding his hand out in my direction.
‘A new day, a new start ... For both of us, honey ...’
He fell quiet as I stood and moved towards him. Gliding, my feet hardly touching the ground, I was drawn towards his waiting form. I looked down to find his wooden box in my hands. It was heavy, heavier than before and, oddly enough, suddenly seeming such a burden.
His hand touched my waist and we were in the spot we knew so well, with the V shaped guitar tree, the gathered flowers, the trinkets and the cards. It was a place to make peace, to find love, to fight for your dreams and to make promises of a lifetime. Calm settled and swirled around us, the sounds of the dawn pronouncing its arrival. The cold ground mist parted and chased away the shadows of the night, receding and dissipating, leaving a shimmer across the landscape that began to arise.
Looking at the face I’d adore for a thousand years and more, I had to ask.
‘After I do this, will you be gone? No more dreams? No more invasions of thought? No more feelings, smells, that’s it ... It’s all gone?’
There was a sadness of sorts, but the dream playing out meant little at the time. They never do. It’s not until you’re awake do you realise the significance of the subconscious.
‘Nah, it’s not that drastic, honey ... I’ll still visit ya dreams and all the good stuff ... I just won’t be tied to any one place ... As ya used to say, spread the love,’ he smiled at me, his hand still holding onto mine, keeping me close, as if reliving his last day again.
‘Oh, that’s okay then ... You had me worried there, thought that might be it and, well, I’m not sure if that would be a good thing ... I like to have you pop in, every so often ... Except that horrid hospital dream, I hate that one, no more of that one, please?’ I chuckled.
‘Okay, no more hospital dreams, honey, I think we’ve done them to death, huh?’ he chuckled back.
‘Yeah, reckon we have ... So, just dancing in the moonlight, kissing in the rain ... And, the occasional hot night, in a top hotel, will be fine, thank you ... Think you can swing those kind in the future?’ I enquired, a sweet smile settling onto my lips.
Max looked at me, he drank me in, he held me tight, he wished a million wishes and tried to let me go. Easier said than done, maybe?
‘... I look at you and see a thousand tiny stars all lighting my way home ... Ya helped protect me, and all the things I held dear to my heart, ya do it still ... And, ya never let me down, not once, you were always there for me when I needed you ... Thank you ...’
His free hand came up to brush the cheek he wished he could kiss a hundred times over.
‘Honey, ya restored my faith, ya helped me believe again, ya set me on a path that I never thought I’d find, but you found it ... And that was one of the greatest gifts I coulda ever hoped to receive ... Ya never doubted me, and ya always stood beside me, ya took on my fights, my moods, my crazy family ... Ya kept me strong, alive, and I’m forever thankful that I had you in my life, every day ...’
Taking my hand, he lifted it to his lips, softly kissing the palm, the action registering to my brain, the tears already deployed.
‘... And thank you for being my best friend, my lover, my wall, my harbour, my world ... And thank ya for loving me so damn much ... I knew ya did ... From the second we met, it was gonna happen and, man, I’m so glad it did,’ he grinned in a way that melted my last defence.
And, so, they fell as rain, the lines, cold streaks down chilled cheeks, eyes screwed shut against a sight and sound so amazing, so beautiful, it could break a failing heart all over again.
They were cast in silence, as dust into the dawn, a grey carpet to be lost to the falling moisture of an early autumn morning. The sigh was released along with the sorrow, another tearful goodbye in another tearful dream. Tomorrow would be different, tomorrow would be better.
Max watched me sleep, my silence from tears a comfort with the coming of a new day. Soon there would be no more. He couldn’t leave me, not just then, first, he had to be sure he wanted to be free.

My eyes fluttering open saw a haze of perfect light slowly dissolve into the sunbeams casting a strip across my bedroom floor. My sharp intake of breath, a sob hijacked within my chest, ended the silence hanging in the room as if a gossamer gown. For a second I held its gaze, but then it was gone, as if never there at all.
Lifting my hand from my chest, my fingers tried to reach for something that was but a dream. It slowly returned to its former resting place, bereft of connecting with the face I almost saw. Yet another wish shattered upon sight.
I’d come round on the bed, and not on the boxing glove bean bag as before. I smiled as a tear rolled from the corner of an eye and ran a path into my hairline, lost to the pillow.
‘Today, the sun’s shining and the sky is that perfect blue, do you see it too? ... Today is your new day and, right now ... I’m not ready to face it without you ...’
That was the last thought I had as I drifted back into a warm sleep, calm and quiet.

Stevie had set off towards the lodge quite early so as to miss the huge tailbacks just outside Calgary. The music pumped in the pickup as it sped its way up into the mountains and towards the studio and another day at the mixing decks. There were just a few things to finalise and then their incidental music for the latest blockbuster was ready to be rocked on over to Hollywood. Stevie liked that part, the saying goodbye to a project and the saying hello to another one. He couldn’t wait to see what was coming next.
Clocking my Camaro abandoned in its usual spot made him park up where Max used to dump his jeep. Grabbing his jacket, as he climbed out, his thoughts turned to a possible second breakfast. He loved my fry-ups, but then he loved my cooking, whatever I made, cakes, bread, dumplings, it was all good.
He almost skipped up the steps to the decking that led to the front door. Whistling a random tune, he let himself into the den to be met by a cross legged dog. Ziggy was released to go do his doggy thing while Stevie looked for me in the kitchen.
No smells of breakfast emanated from the quiet space, no coffee was on the go, no eggs, no bacon, no pancakes. Stevie seemed amazed then slightly puzzled by my absence. Not like me to be crashed out so late. He checked the time again. Yep, as he thought, it was past ten.
‘Yoh, Tee-bird ... Ya here, honey?’ he called across the empty space surrounding him.
No reply.
Throwing his jacket over the back of the supasofa, he walked off towards the library and games room. The thought had occurred to him that I might still be asleep in the boxing glove, out cold, after another night of solid drinking and dribbling down myself. Well, he wouldn’t be surprised if I was there, so he looked. No sign of me, so last stop the bedroom.
As his hands came to rest either side of the doorframe he just caught sight of the form on the bed. It was facing away from him, small, curled up, in joggers and Max’s old Bears sweatshirt. It seemed hardly there at all. As he stepped nearer he saw the dirty, bare feet, the shaking shoulders, heard the lowly weeping. I was on a downer. Before he had a chance to withdraw, his presence was felt.
My head turned enough for my tears to be seen. They glinted for a second before being lost to the gloom again.
‘Oh, Stevie ... I let him go, I let him go ... He can be free now ... He can be with Junior ... And we can move on,’ was a string of sobbed words, hardly recognised around the tears being shed from my shuddering form.
Stevie moved towards me and sat on the edge of the bed. I lay looking up at him, my face a river of sorrow and loss.
‘I did it, Stevie,’ I continued, calmly, ‘I really did it, didn’t I? That part wasn’t a dream, was it? I really went down there and I really did it?’
‘What d’ya do, Tee ... Who ya let go, honey?’ Stevie asked, a little confused by my statement.
And then he saw it, the empty box, hiding in my hugging arms. I held onto it in a way you would have to wrestle it from me. It would not be leaving my clutches, not anytime soon anyway.
‘Max,’ I sobbed. ‘He came to me last night and asked me to set him free ... He took me to scatter his ashes ... Then I woke up here with dirty feet, and he was gone ...’
I listened to my own stupid words and how ridiculous they sounded. Stevie’s heart was breaking for me, all over again, as if I’d lost Max, all over again. The realisation of that fact was washing a tide over me. It leached from my pores and ran down my face. After wrenching it all open, it slowly sank back down into the hollow shell of me.
First he was hurt, deeply, but then he was angry, no, not angry, bloody furious. He didn’t know what to do or say. A cold trickle run down his insides as his jaw muscles clamped shut, his back straightened slightly for a second or two, his face somewhere between silent mania and near collapse.
Max scattered without him? How? His instant change, the cold wall suddenly thrown into place between us, wasn’t seen by me. The hesitation of a few seconds was hardly even noticed, he hoped. Leaning forward he dragged me towards him, empty cask included, into an embrace as strong and as protective as he could offer. As his eyes screwed shut my sobs resumed, only softer, but with a hint of relief maybe.
~
Beth could go weeks without seeing her boy, Stevie. Luckily enough, she saw Chels and JR on a regular basis because, if it was left to Stevie to do the running around, she’d never see any of them.
Beth’s existence was, and is, pretty much ungoverned. The life she had adopted after leaving the farm was probably the best move she could have made under the circumstances at the time. With two young boys in tow, and no husband, she had to do what was right for the young ‘uns, after all they were her priority. To her horror she became the bread-winner and, once she realised her future was serving tables and being a one parent family, she knuckled down and did the best she could with what she had.
The church group had helped, of course. They welcomed her and rejoiced in her becoming a new member to the flock. Sadly, the boys went a different route in life. They stopped going soon after the move. In a funny way she saw it coming.
It always amazed her, all that hard work for all those years, and all those sacrifices for the boys, somehow, by a miracle, all paid off. Wow, the places she’d been, the things she’d seen. It was all so incredible. What the boys had achieved was amazing, their rewards infinite. It included the Executive Club Class travel anywhere in the world, and a driver, when she wanted one, for whatever reason, who would drive her anywhere, and back again, at any time, night or day.
The boys have been paying all her bills for years, their way of saying thanks. She never had to worry about those not being met, though Max’s last wishes had left her never needing money. They had wanted to buy her another house, but she opted to stay put. Why have more when there was just her?
She sat, looking at the pictures of the three of them together with little her wedged in the middle. Mini Mom Max used to call her. How she wished she could hear him say that one more time.
‘Mom ... Ya didn’t even hear me knocking, did ya?’
Stevie’s voice carried from the hall. He’d let himself in as usual.
‘Oh, sorry, son, I was miles away ... Hey you, what’s the Devil got planned for your idle hands today then?’ she smiled, as he ambled over and kissed the side of her head.
‘Well, I just wanted to see my Mom and play a game a catch-up... I ain’t had the chance to get over in a while, and I had a day free, so ... Here I am,’ he grinned, his eyes a glassy blue.
‘Yeah, so, here ya are,’ Beth repeated, her chin coming to rest in the palm of her supportive arm.
She looked at her son as he sat down opposite her. He had an air about him. It was the one that usually carried bad news.
‘So ... Come on then ... What’s going on with ya? ... Spill it ...’
‘Jesus, you’re as bad as Tee, don’t ya know ... That sense of something ... What is it with you two? The pair of ya in some sorta damned coven or something? ... Don’t let the church group hear about that one, Mom?’ he chuckled, his eyes sparkling from his own dry wit.
‘Yeah, well, maybe I am ... In which case,’ she smiled, ‘I should put a spell on that cheeky mouth of yours to make it be nice for once ... How’d ya feel about that, Mister I Think I’m So Smart?’ she chuckled, lifting from her seat to make coffee, clipping his ear playfully as she passed him.
‘Well, it’s lovely to see ya too, Mom ... There’s nothing like the feeling of coming home ... Jeez, I missed ya,’ Stevie replied, the hurt almost evident in his voice. He looked over his shoulder at her. ‘... But, yeah, there is something ya aughta know, Mom ...’
He fell quiet and turned his head to look at the collection of paraded photos on Beth’s sideboard. Max and he are in all of them, every single damn one of them.
‘See,’ she said, bringing their mugs to the table, ‘I knew there was more, I just knew it ... Come on then ... Who’s done what to who?’
Her brows furrowed slightly.
‘It’s nothing bad, is it?’ she asked, sitting down, the thought suddenly settling into her mind.
Stevie took his coffee mug between both his hands, his eyes wandering from the sideboard back to her fingers linked around the front of her’s.
‘... Well, I’ll say it the best way I know how, Mom ...’
He paused, unable to meet her gaze.
‘... Tee scattered Max’s ashes down by the memorial ... She said Max asked her to do it ... I think she’s lost it ... Big time ...’
He fell silent, his eyes slowly lifting to his Mom’s, no smile, no chuckle, just straight out with it.
Beth could see Max in the way Stevie was looking at her, his serious eye line, his non smiling features, and his hands on the table before him. Just like Max used to be, he’d always have busy hands and, at that moment in time, his were busy fiddling with a teaspoon. She reached over one of her’s and stopped his play.
‘Ya seem kinda mad about that, son ... Ya care to tell me why?’
Her voice was soft, caring, and easy to respond to, and his demeanour usually had a tantrum behind it. She was waiting as she tried to steady the tide.
‘Well, at first I was sad ... When I found her, she was on her bed, curled up, crying ... She had the box cuddled up in her arms ... It looked like she’d been weeping a while ...’
A hand rose and brushed over the top of his bleached, spiky head.
‘... Then, when she came out with the crap about Max and her going down by the brook, and doing it together, like he was really there and he really told her to do it ... That’s when I got angry with her ... Real angry ... Like blowing my damn top angry ...’
He fell silent. Only the wind made a sound, a lowly note, long and hollow, as it passed the top of the chimney pot, off, on its way south.
She sighed, ‘... Son ...’
He didn’t look at her. He couldn’t. If he did, she’d see it, and he didn’t want her to know that his anger was still there. So, she tried again.
‘... Steven Aaron Manley, are ya listening to me, or am I just wasting more fine breath I should be saving for the good Lord’s Prayer?’
His eyes came round to look at her. He couldn’t help it when she used that tone.
‘... Yes, Mom, I’m listening to ya ...’
‘Good ... Now ... I know ya still angry, I can see it in ya face, it’s shining like a beacon ... And I know ya think ya had a right to be there, if they were ever gonna be scattered by anyone ... And I understand that, believe me, I do ... As Max’s brother, I don’t expect anything else ... But, when it comes to Max, well, that’s Tee’s world, and ya have to believe in her on that one, son, and ya have to believe that what she did was right ...’
Stevie’s reply burst from him.
‘No, Mom ... She didn’t have the damn right ...’
His change of mood lifted him from his seat and drove him to the sideboard of photos.
‘... She didn’t have the right to go do it alone, Mom ... I, we, shoulda been there too, as a family, together ... I had that right, we all did ... She took that away from us ... I’ll never get that back ... He’s gone, Mom, he’s gone ...’
Stevie’s features changed as he looked at the filled frames before him, each one blurring into a kaleidoscope of colours.
Beth stood and went to his side, her arms encircling his waist.
‘No, son ... Max isn’t gone ... He’ll never be gone ...’
She gently squeezed him, her eyes looking at her proud collection of pics, his arm coming to rest around her shoulders.
‘... He’s all around us every day ... Everywhere we go we carry him with us, we’ll never be without him in our lives ... He’s there for good ...’
Beth’s hand lifted and turned his tanned face towards her’s, his watery blue eyes studying her.
‘... Don’t go thinking just cuz Tee’s sprinkled his ashes he’s left us ... No, it’s not like that, son, if anything, his spirit is free to roam ... Now, let him be free ...’
She patted the warm skin under her hand, her smile putting a pretty twinkle in her eyes.
‘... What I suggest is, ya don’t give ya sister-in-law a hard time over this and, yes, she still holds that position in my thinking, and always will till I say she don’t ... She’s done what she thinks is best for Max ... Don’t hate her for that ... Her kindness, and love, for that man is beyond this life, let her have that, Stevie ... Let her have that ...’
‘But ... Mom,’ he whined.
Beth’s eyes changed colour as they slowly filled with salt water.
‘No, Stevie, I’m with her on this ... It was a private, personal act ... One, only she could deal with ... Now, when I go down to the stream, he will be there, and I can’t ask for more than that now, can I? ... I miss him terribly, and I love him too, he was my son, Stevie, my baby boy ... And I live with that, every day ...’
Stevie’s tear broke free and ran a line down his cheek. It was wiped away by him Mom.
‘... Honey, sometimes ya just never get up from being down ... Tee lost more than anyone when she lost Max, she lost her whole world ... Imagine losing Chels, or JR even ... Where would ya be without either of them?’ she smiled up at him, her son, her boy. ‘Ya have so much ... Everything and more ... Ya world is full of love and blessings ... Tee doesn’t have the luxury of those in her life ... She has two horses, a dog and a job ... That ain’t the same now, is it?’
He tried to fight his corner.
‘She has Dan, she ain’t alone ... And she has us, and a million other friends all around the damn world ... Don’t make out like she’s alone, Mom, cuz that just ain’t how it is ...’
‘Son, ya listening but ya ain’t hearing me, damn it ...’
Beth was already irked by an argument that should never have been started in the first place. If she was cussing she was annoyed.
‘... Sometimes Tee can be in a room with a hundred people and she still seems alone ... Yeah, she has a whole heap a friends in her life, ya right there, but there won’t ever be another Max for her, Stevie, ever ... And her sweet soul will be looking for a lifetime ... Only she’ll never find him ... And that’s why the thing with Dan Foster just ain’t gonna last ... I can see it coming, son ... I can see it coming ...’
Smiling up at her son she chuckled, ‘Now, forgiveness comes from the heart the good Lord gave ya,’ she patted a small hand against his expanse of chest, ‘and life’s too short for holding a grudge over something like this, believe me ...’
It rested there a moment.
‘... Tee did a brave thing with what she did, in a way I admire her ... What she did was right where Max is concerned, and I would never question that ... And neither should you ...’
She moved away and lifted the oven mitt from the side.
‘So, anyway, by the smell of it, the almond cookies are done ... Ya want some now, or ya wanna take some home with ya?’ she asked, her way of ending the conversation subject.
Stevie stayed silent a moment, a hand coming up to wipe a path from forehead to chin. Once again Ma was right. He never knew how she did it, but she was right, again.
It came as a two word answer in the end.
‘... Both ... Please ...’
~
‘I’ve done it enough times already ... It still reads as positive ... Give me one more ... I’ll try it one more time, then I’m done ...’
Chels was talking, sat on the toilet, after peeing over a total of eight different pregnancy tests, all of which had shown her as most definitely being what she thought she might be.
‘How you gonna tell him this time?’ I asked. ‘You gonna just slip in into a conversation over breakfast or something?’ I chuckled, as another box was passed over into Chels’s hands.
‘Hell, no ... I’m gonna write it on a damn note and stick it to his stupid forehead,’ she laughed from her spot on the loo.
Looking at me, she smiled as she did the do then placed it next to the basin to wait, the anticipation almost funny but not.
‘Hey, I’ll tell him if you want, I don’t mind .... His face would be as funny as fuck if it came from me,’ I giggled.
‘Yeah, and I’d never hear the last of it, would I ... Getting the news from his sister-in-law, nah, leave it with me, I’ll pick the perfect moment,’ she replied, standing to pulled her leggings up.
Smiling still, she looked down as the positive face appeared in the little window.
‘... And, by the looks of that, it’s gonna be as he sits down for his dinner, this evening, if he gets back before I go to bed, of course ...’
‘Don’t blame me if he chokes on his chop then ... That kinda news can upset a lot of things, including the ability to swallow when ya have a gob full of nosh,’ I chuckled. ‘Are ya gonna bother getting it confirmed by the Doc before ya do, just to be sure?’ I enquired.
‘Well, I already kinda knew without doing this lot, I’ve known it for a good few weeks now ... I did these to confirm it ... I don’t need no Doc to tell me what I already know,’ Chels replied, as she looked at the positive tester she’d been waving around in her hand like a wand. ‘It’s the same as last time ... I should have fessed up sooner, really,’ she grinned over at me.
‘HI, HONEY ... I’m home ...’ the voice called from the floor below.
Stevie had just got back.
‘Oh, shit, hide them, bag them, or do whatever ya gotta do just get rid of them, before he sees what we been at ...’
Chels went into panic mode with the sound of his voice. We could hear him coming up the stairs looking for us.
‘... Where are my girls? ... Chels ... Tee ... What ya at in there?’
His face appeared at the bedroom door, the grin there as usual.
‘... There ya are ... What ya been doing?’
In the time it had taken him to reach us, I’d scooped up all the testers and boxes and stuffed them in a bag which was then concealed behind my back. As he ambled to the bathroom door, Chels suddenly appeared and leant in the doorframe, cheeky grin on her face.
‘Hey, baby, not much, just cleaning ... Had a good day in the dungeon?’ she hurriedly asked, trying to take his attention away from the room behind her.
She suddenly lunged forward and kissed him hello.
‘Yeah, not bad ... Think we’ve just about wrapped it up ... Now it’s clean, can I use it? I been busting since I left the highway,’ he smiled, pushing passed and going in.
We girls looked at each other, me pulling a face as the door closed behind him. Chels spoke through it to him.
‘Yeah, course ... We’ll be downstairs ... I’ll start dinner ... Ya fancy chops tonight?’ she asked, smiling, as we walked to the bedroom door.
‘Chops sound great, honey ... I’ll be down in a few, okay,’ was said from his side of the glossed wood.
Once in the kitchen Chels breathed easy again.
‘Damn, that was close,’ she giggled, the look of relief settling over her pretty face.
I was stood by the sink, wrapping the evidence into a few sheets of newspaper. It could be stuffed into the trash without Stevie noticing it.
‘Yeah, but we’re good ... We got it covered ... And, you can tell him over chops ... How romantic is that?’ I smiled at Chels, as the chops were removed from the fridge and dumped near the cooker.
‘Very ... And news like that, with a romantic chop or two, I don’t think it gets any better than that, do you?’ she giggled back across the counter.
‘Nah ... That’s as good at it gets ... Especially if it’s served with some sexy mash and seductive broad beans,’ I giggled back, cramming the wad of paper into the rubbish bin beside us.
‘... Who’s having seductive broad beans, honey?’
The question came from beyond the kitchen door. Stevie waltzed in and smiled at us both.
‘We are, darling ... For dinner,’ Chels replied, looking at Stevie and grinning back.
He came to a halt by the counter, his hands behind his back. He then looked at me, his boyish grin appearing as usual.
‘So, Tee ... Ya got something ya wanna share with us ... Is there something ya might be hiding? ... Does Dan know yet?’ he beamed.
My look moved from Stevie to Chels, then back again.
‘Urh, no, not that I know of ... What the hell are you talking about, Stevie?’ I asked, picking up a gorgeously green apple and biting into it, the confusion evident on my face.
The tester, the one that was mistakably knocked to the floor and lost behind the bin, was placed on the counter before him, its small smiling face staring up at us.
‘Ya wanna explain that then?’ he nodded several times, his eyes not leaving my face.
I looked at him and smiled, then turned to Chels, swallowing my apple away.
‘Sorry, hon, but it looks like it’ll be me after all,’ I said, turning back to Stevie again.
My free hand rose to point at his fiancé, the one that was suddenly very quiet.
‘It’s not mine ... Hell, no ... It’s hers,’ I chuckled, as I walked towards him, taking another crunching bite from my apple. ‘And nice one, bruv,’ fell from my grinning lips, and full mouth, as I patted his shoulder, ‘seems you have your second on its way ...’
I laughed as I headed towards JR in his playpen, now awake.
‘... Oh, well,’ I half chuckled over my shoulder, ‘so much for not being the one to tell you ...’
I watched a frozen Stevie who, in turn, looked at a smiling Chels. Amazement was clearly etched all over his poor pasty, jaw dropping, eye popping face.
~
The fact that Reedy had rung me on a work day was one thing. It hardly ever happened and always had a pretty good reason behind it. Reedy, a man of few words, wasn’t on the line long. Usually he shared his catalogue of daily challenges and was gone with a quick salutation. The fact Reedy was ringing about a rather strange matter, on the other hand, was something completely different.
‘Yes, Reedy, how can I help you?’ I asked, after the usual opening banter of a quick catch up.
‘Well ... I have a situation at the studio that I think maybe ya might wanna know about.’
Silence on the line for a moment. I was listening and waiting.
‘And ...?’ I asked.
‘Okay, well ... This kid appeared, about a month back, looking for grunt work at the studio. At first I didn’t take much notice of him, just another kid, right ... Then I came across him jamming on Max’s acoustic when he was meant to be working ...’
Reedy paused to light a smoke. I heard the click of his lighter. I couldn’t see the problem.
‘So, where’s the law broken there, Reedy? I can’t see what the issue is ... If he’s been stealing, call the cops ... Is that what it is? Did he nick the red acoustic or something?’
‘Nah,’ Reedy protested, ‘he ain’t been stealing, Tee ... He’s been asking questions ... Questions ya might wanna know about, they were kinda personal, about Max and you, and the Manley family ...’
His silence came again as I sat thinking.
‘What kind of questions, Reedy? Can you give me an example?’
‘The kid’s been trying to find the guys that had the most dealings with Ea$y. He wanted to know how well they knew Max ... Seems real interested in them two subjects ... When I confronted him, it’s when I heard it,’ Reedy chirped up.
‘Heard what?’ I asked, my ears almost burning with what might be coming next.
‘His accent ... He’s English, Tee, as English as you are ... And there’s something else too.’
‘What, Reedy ...?’ I was just waiting to hear those words.
‘Well, and this is no word of a damn lie ... When ya look at him, it’s like ya known him from somewhere. Oh, and he wanted to know about Stevie too ... Maybe he’s just another crazy fan or something, ya know how they can be sometimes ... Don’t worry about it, Tee, I’ll junk the stupid little punk ... The likes of him are a dime a time ... Leave it with me ...’
‘No, don’t fire him, not yet,’ I shot back. ‘Keep an eye on him for me, please ... Even better, put someone on him, Wiseman or the other one you use, have him watched for a while ... That’s all I ask, Reedy ...’
I looked down at the scrap paper beneath my penned hand. Something had slowly appeared in biro scrawl and butterfly swirls. It had three letters and can be for a girl or a boy. It’s short and easy to spell. It was a name, and that name was Kim.
~
‘I don’t care what the hell ya say ... Ya ain’t going out, dressed like that, and that’s final, damn it,’ Dan almost shouted at me from across the hall.
He was trying to stay as calm as possible, but I was starting to wear it a little thin at that point.
I was wearing what you could loosely call a Halloween costume, if it had covered more of my body, that is. I wanted my cave girl outfit to be a big hit, with Dan more than anyone, but his reaction wasn’t what I was expecting. If anything, I was hoping he’d love it, in a cave man kind of way.
‘WHAT?’ I screamed back at him. ‘Who the hell are you to tell me what I can and can’t wear? ... Shit, you should be over the bloody moon that I went to all this trouble, and that I still have a body that can pull this shit off, not get all pissy when there’s some skin showing ... What would you prefer then, mmm? Maybe I should go as a naughty Nun, would that make you happier?’
I spun away from him and stomped towards his den. He followed me, trying to be heard for once.
‘Tee, I ain’t asking for the world here ... Please, don’t leave this house looking like that ... Ya gonna have guys grabbing ya ass, which is hardly hidden, and I’m gonna get shit from all sides ... Can’t ya do ya zombie thing instead? Anything is better than that, my God ...’
‘Jesus, Dan, it’s always about you, isn’t it?’ Turninging back to look at him, I smiled, ‘There’s nothing scary about my zombie girl, that’s the joke of it ... How about you go as one instead? ... It’ll make a big change to all in black, as usual,’ I chuckled. ‘Anyway, it’s too late now, we’re leaving in a few so, get your shit together ... It’s time we go torment our adoring public,’ I chuckled, walking towards Dan’s bar to pour myself a pre-party drink.
And still he followed.
‘There’s nothing scary about a damn cave girl either, unless ya go as a dead one that’s been buried for a million fucking years, which would make you a damn zombie anyway ... Arh, come on, ya meeting my Mom and Dad, properly, for the first time ... They’ll think I just picked ya up in the Red Light District dressed like that ...’
‘Oh, oh, that’s nice ... Ya know what?’
I picked up my glass and shot my Jack as if it were water, then slammed the empty vessel back onto the bar top.
‘... If that’s what they’re going to think ... I’m not sure I even want to meet them, Dan.’
His hands came to rest on the top of his head as he turned away and walked to the huge windows.
‘Christ, why d’ya have to make it so damn hard sometimes ... All ya gotta do is be a grownup for one night ... That’s all I’m asking here ... What the hell’s wrong with ya? ... Why can’t ya just do that one small thing for me? ... Why?’
I shot another Jack whilst his back was towards me. I wasn’t going to concede.
‘What the hell’s wrong with you, more like? You drop this on me with two days’ notice, Dan, two fucking days ... So, I whizz round like a dick in a spin, just to get something, anything ... And then, when I do, it’s still not enough, is it ... IS IT? ... Shit, I fucking give up ... Fuck the party ... Fuck meeting your parents ... AND FUCK YOU ... I’m outta here ... Go, stay, I couldn’t give a shit ...’
I stomped from the back of the bar, heading for the stairs. I was done and had no intention of going anywhere except back to Tee Town and my dog. I’d called time on the evening and wasn’t about to play a game of ‘Keep Dan Happy’.
Dan turned with his anger a notch higher.
‘Ya know who the hell ya sound like, MAX ... Ya get all shitty over the smallest of things and act like a fucking kid when ya can’t get ya own way ... I ain’t asking for much here, but if ya wanna act like him, and sound like him, then go ... I don’t want ya here ... Go on, fuck-off home ... Ya don’t deserve to meet my folks anyhow ... And if ya gonna have an attitude to match ... I don’t want ya near me either ...’
‘FINE,’ I bellowed, ‘that makes it easier for me and my Max type attitude ... Stuff ya fucking party ... IT’LL BE SHIT ANYWAY,’ was shouted back, as I retreated up the stairs to change and collect my stuff from his bedroom, I was going home.
Dan’s arms finally dropped. He turned from the windows and stared at the empty space, the shot glass sat lonely on the bar, and the teddy bear coat over the back of the couch awaiting its wearer.
Was he really being such a demanding son-of-a-bitch? Was what he asked of me too much? Why was I such a hard-ass sometimes? He sighed loudly as he ambled towards the stairs, a dropping sensation having turned his insides to jelly. Standing at the bedroom door, he watched as I whirled around the room collecting clothes, hurriedly pulling jeans on, bra in place, t-shirt and hoodie over the top.
Looking at him once, my face was a red glow as my anger swirled beneath the surface. The costume was ripped from the bed and crammed into my bag ready to go. Neither of us spoke. Too much had been said already.
Soon enough I was ready to split. I calmly walked to the door where he was standing. It was the quietest I’d heard him all night. With a quick fake grin, I went to make my exit. As I went to push passed, his fingers scooped my arm into his hand.
‘... It doesn’t have to be like this, Tee ... I’m sorry I said what I said ... Don’t go, please ... Come with me ... I don’t wanna go alone ... You’re meant to be there with me ...’
His sad eyes returned to mine, his sorrow alight in his face.
‘Well, Dan Foster, you screwed up there then, didn’t you? I’m not going with you, anywhere ... Make an excuse, anything you bloody well like, I don’t really care anymore ...’
My face suddenly became as sad as his, my misty eyes looking up at him.
‘What you want, and what you get, are two totally different things ... You should have thought about that before you started throwing Max’s name about,’ I snarled, the grin slowly appearing across my lips, perfect for a Halloween party, malicious, spiteful, meaning to harm. ‘... I wish he wasn’t dead ... I wish he was here, right now, because he’d reduce you to a fucking pulp ...’
Snatching my arm away from his hand, I walked off towards the stairs, not looking back, and leaving Dan mortally wounded.
I broke the silence as I made my escape.
‘Tell ya folks I said hi, by the way ... Oh, and enjoy your night ...’
His chance to answer came to an abrupt end as the front door slammed shut behind me.

As I thrashed the 4x4 back to Silver Spring, Dan drove in the opposite direction towards his folk’s house in Airdrie. The party was being held in their beautifully oversized house with its stunning crystal chandeliers and amazing party basement. The whole house had been decked out with cobwebs and crazy party tricks for the kids that appeared at the door. Apple bobbing and brains in a box, squishy and red, the gift to be found, both played their part. It all looked wonderfully scary and the miniature zombies, vampires, witches and bats all squealed with excitement as another walking-dead or monster ambled passed, their faces alight with the gruesomeness of it all.
‘Dan, darling ... So glad you made it, nice costume, very you ... Where’s Tee?’ his mother asked, as he walked into the house of the death and was kissed hello, her eyes flicking passed him looking for the missing girlfriend.
She looked fabulous as the Wicked Witch of the West, her green face and hooked nose hiding her pretty features.
‘Urh, she’s not coming, Mom ... She’s got a migraine ... Been down with it all day, she says hi and sorry she couldn’t make it tonight,’ he lied with a feeble grin.
‘Oh,’ Nessa grinned, ‘you guys had a fight, huh?’
She knew, just by the look on his face.
‘Urh, yeah,’ he half grinned, ‘something like that ...’
‘Well, not to worry ... There’s a heap of people just waiting to catch up with you ... Go get yourself a drink, sweetie ... Ya Dad’s running the bar, he’ll be chuffed to see ya, as ever, ‘ she smiled, her eyes taking on a look of sadness for her son.
‘... Chrissie and Ben are already here, so you won’t be without company ...’
His Mom walked off towards a small group of newly arrived Trick or Treaters stood at the door, their little pumpkin buckets awaiting a handful each of sugar eyeballs and gummy bats.
‘... They’re all in the dungeon with ya Dad,’ she called back, ‘go on down ... They look great in their costumes too ...’
Dan did just that, returning the greetings he received as he went. There were some faces he could just make out, or voices he recognised, under hideous masks and bloodied makeup. He didn’t feel as alone, clocking the many walking-dead, his Gothic vampire outfit seeming to outshine those around him. He had push on fangs made especially, his black-out contact lenses turning his eyes a little surreal, and the long leather coat, over a black t-shirt and jeans, made him look taller than ever. If anything, he felt very much at home amongst his disciples of death.
‘There’s my boy ... Wondered when you’d get here ...’
His Dad, Cole, left the bar to hug his son, the affection the same as ever. Dressed as an upper-class, middle-aged Werewolf, his whiskers, front fangs and red eyes made him look cute rather than scary.
‘Where’s Tee? ... Did ya Mom sweet-talk her into reading Tarots or something upstairs?’
Again Dan explained his lie, again he was caught out. His parents knew. They used to say the same thing about each other when they’d had a bust-up. Some things never change.
‘Hey, bro ...’
Chrissie appeared at his side, her dead bride outfit suiting her somehow, the blood oozing from her cut throat, the carnage seen down the front of her dirty gown.
‘Where’s Tee? ... No, forget I asked ... By the look on ya face, there, ya already tired of telling that tale,’ she smiled.
‘Thanks, sis ... But we had a fight ... Mom or Dad would’ve told ya anyway,’ he half grinned back.
‘Oh, shit ... Not a serious one, I hope ... That’s not like you guys, ya all loved up, like me and Ben, wherever the hell he is, right now ...?’
She turned looking for him, the sea of weird people hiding her misplaced fiancé.
‘Oh, there he is ... Talking to Frankenstein’s monster over there ... Ben’s the one with the axe in his head ... And, before ya ask, no, I didn’t put it there,’ she giggled.

While Dan was being dragged back into the family fold, I was taking a different kind of trip, all the way back to McCall’s.
The snowy roads turned to mush the nearer to the American border I grew. Through the towns I had passed there were small versions of horror movies being played out along the streets and roads, all participants eager to reach the next door along and the next round of treats.
I wasn’t mad anymore, I was kind of sad in a way. Dan could be such an arsehole sometimes. And throwing Max’s name at me like that, who the hell did he think he was, my bloody keeper?
There was no parking to be found in Main Street, so I parked up in the Motel, plenty of spaces available there, always. Leaving my junk in the 4x4 I grabbed my bag and walked the slushy street back to the bar, its outside sign having been decked with cobwebs along with its doorway.
The place was packed, the live band seriously stonking and the atmosphere electrifying. Those without kids had taken the large space over. Dead bodies and ghouls hung around at the bar chatting. You name it, they were in there enjoying a quantity of blood-like punch and eating what looked like guts on small biscuits. More cobwebs, more dangling spiders, I couldn’t get away from the bloody stuff.
‘Hey, Tee ... Where’s the costume?’ Mike called over the tops of the monsters at the bar. ‘And where’s Dan ... He not with ya?’
He looked passed me expecting the guy to be a few steps behind.
‘No,’ I bit back, ‘he’s gone to vamp it up at his Mother’s ... I’m out to party alone ... Just me and my credit card ... Put a round out for me, will ya ... And make mine a treble with a dash, please, I feel like dancing tonight, Mikey ...’
I took the one empty stool at the end of the bar, those around me hearing a free round was coming their way. As I sat down my back was patted and a small cheer rose around me, the sentiment being heartily accepted.
‘Are ya sure about this, Tee?’ Mike bounced back, just checking I was on the ball.
‘... Hell, yeah, so better get them out there before I change my bloody mind,’ I smiled back at him.
‘A ROUND ON TEE, GUYS,’ Mike shouted over the bar Tannoy, his voice carrying over the loud music, another cheer being raised as more slaps hit my back.
Mike, in his Grim Reaper outfit, slid my drink towards me, his hood now resting on his shoulders.
‘... How ya been keeping then? Ya ain’t been in for a while ... Thought maybe you’d taken a trip or something ... I must say, ya ain’t looking too happy tonight, ya got something on ya mind?’ he enquired, his voice loud enough to be heard over the chaos and live music that surrounded us.
Taking several long swigs from my glass, it caught my breath.
‘Been busy with business, the same old crap, Mike, you know me ... Can’t keep me down for long ... And, no, everything’s just fine ... Now,’ I grinned, my eyes saying something completely different.
‘Yeah, well, from anyone else, I’d believe them ... But, it coming from you, with a look on ya face like that, I know that’s a crock,’ he chuckled. ‘Whatever it is getting ya down though, quit it, it ain’t good for ya ... What might it be, by the way?’ he asked.
I said one word, as I stood and finished my drink in another few swigs.
‘... Dan ...’
There was a loud smacking of lips heard just before cooling eyes appeared and the mouth became a fake smile.
‘... And I’ll be back for another one of those in about, ooh, five minutes ... Thank you,’ I finished.
Mike watched as I turned and sauntered off towards the guys taking a break on the stage. It looked like they were checking a playlist, as they stood, head to head, lips moving, eyes coming up with a nod of agreement.
They turned when I approached and spoke, all my weight rested on one hip, fingertips slid into my front pockets, dark hair nearly to my arse. A pretty lady like that, what man wouldn’t turn on her arrival?
Mike watched as the three of us chatted, then I stepped up onto the stage and spoke to their bassist and drummer with Zac, the werewolf lead singer. After a few seconds Zac stepped to his microphone and spoke.
‘HEY ... Ghouls, Fools n Goblin Girls ... What’s goin down tonight?’ he howled into an echo across the bar.
The place erupted into a sound that rocked rafters, not one monster not replying to the Beast Master’s (the name of the band) call.
‘Well, ya festering slimy hounds ... Miss Tee is gonna do a tune for us now ... And ya’ll better join in ... Or we’ll rip ya to shit,’ he cackled.
Mike couldn’t see what I was doing as Zac was talking. I’d stepped into the shadows, out of sight, lost in the gloom to the back. When I reappeared, to do a rendition of Ea$y’s Tornado, I didn’t look like the chick that had walked out of sight.
Suddenly I sported pale skin, with blotchy white make-up across my cheeks and forehead, black holes around my eyes, bright red lipstick making a bloody smear across the side of my face. With my sleeves rolled to their elbows, you could see a long bleeding gash up each inner arm, the trickles running rivulets, drying as they ran towards my hands. That was bad enough, and as eerie as hell under the stage lights, but then he noticed my throat sported the same bleed line, ear to ear, as though it were a choker of trailing rubies, alive and moving as he focused.
As soon as the track started, the room moved with the opening drum and bass beat, seats were vacated in seconds flat, and everyone was ready to groove. When the thumping lead guitar crashed in over those next few bars the mosh pit came alive, a heaving mass of monsters forming a sea of ugly features. The whole scene was pretty surreal but exciting at the same time. I saw it and drew on it, the buzz opening a door I didn’t know existed.
The next four minutes or so saw me high in a different kind of way. The song carried me, or maybe I carried the song, I wouldn’t know. I do know one thing though, it was the first time I’d had a feeling that was anything like that. The vibe from the crowd gave me some new power. I used it and hit notes I didn’t know I was capable of. The more I did it the more the crowd reacted to it. We were all feeding off each other, and we all loved it.
As the track came to an awesome ending of whining lead guitar, thumping rhythm, bass and drums, the place almost blew out its frontage. Mike said later that it was so loud the Motel Manager, old Bill Tipton, heard the roar of voices from way on up the street as he put the trash out.
It wasn’t the only track I sang, Zac and I did a duet together. Rocking up a little country got them all up dancing again. Even the old boys touched their toes to the floorboards for that one. I stayed for one more, only because the crowd wouldn’t let me leave the stage, they kept turning me around and sending me back for one more.
In the end I said, ‘Okay ... OKAY ... One more ... But then I need a drink ... Preferably a treble there, Mike, thank you ... This is thirsty work, and I’m dying up here,’ I laughed as I indicated my severed throat and cut wrists. ‘I ain’t got long, as you can see, so I’ll need more drinks inside of me ... And preferably, before the good Lord takes me home ... Amen ...’
An Amen was bounced back and, finally, when Zac and I had crooned out one more track from the Ea$y collective, they finally let me leave the stage to quench my thirst and rest in peace.
So, the rest of my night was spent getting loaded, kicking it up with whoever would grab me to dance, mainly the guys dressed as Swamp Things, and not thinking about the time before. I laughed and drank more. I partied hard and bought several more rounds. Everybody had a great time, at my expense, and I even won three games of pool and the best fancy-dress. I didn’t think I’d made much of an effort with what I’d slapped on without a mirror at hand but, somehow, everyone was impressed with the walking-dead Tee.
As ever, the monsters went back to their caves and the dead back to their coffins, it was just me, Mike and a room full of mess and webs. I was pretty pissed but not mashed-up to my usual standard. I could still speak and see straight so Mike was more than happy. I even helped tidy the room a little, taking discarded glasses back to the kitchen and putting rubbish in bin bags. Any help, in Mike’s eyes, was good help.
‘So ... Are ya driving home, or ya need a lift?’ Mike asked across the room, the last of the rubbish being put by the exit ready to go into the bins outside.
‘I could drive it, I’m not that pissed,’ I replied, stacking the few remaining glasses and walking to the bar. ‘Fuck it, maybe I’ll just walk ... It ain’t that far, is it?’
‘Hell, ya ain’t walking home, woman, not in this ... Ya’ll catch ya death, and I don’t want a real walkin-dead Tee on my hands, thanking ya kindly ... I’ll give ya a lift, ya got stuff in the car ya need, keys or anything?’ he asked me.
I came to rest on a stool, my hands wiping over my face.
‘Nah ... Got it all ... And a lift sounds great ... Thanks, Mike ...’
He looked at me briefly as he collected his keys and checked lights were off and all was secure.
‘The rest of this crap can wait till tomorrow ... Come on ... Let’s get the hell outta here, I’m done,’ he chirped as he walked to the main doors. ‘Yeah, it’s been a good night ... What ya think? I reckon I’ll be doing all this again for Christmas ... Maybe hang small Santa’s everywhere, a few bells and crap ... Make it look all festive ...’
He switched off the bar lights as I reached him at the door.
‘Yeah, it was a fab night,’ I agreed, ‘and that sounds great to me, Mike ... If ya need a hand, give me a shout ... I can always come over and help out ...’
I looked at him and smiled. For the first time that evening it looked like I actually meant it.
‘Yeah, well, that’s settled then, I may just get ya in to help me there ... Sure could do with a woman’s touch on that one ... Can ya help me with the tree too?’ he smiled.
‘Sure, why not ... I’ll help wherever I can, you know that, silly ... Just ask nearer the time and I’ll be on it, no problem,’ I replied, passing through the door held open by my most favourite barman in all the world. ‘It’ll be a laugh ... And you can pay me in Jack, can’t you,’ I grinned.
‘Pay ya in Jack, hell, I’ll be bankrupt in a damn hour ... Can’t I pay ya in kind?’ he chuckled.
‘Well,’ I replied, a cheeky edge to my voice, ‘that depends how kind you’re gonna be now, doesn’t it, Mike McCall ...’
He looked down at me as we ambled to his rusty truck parked on the street.
‘It’s the kind of kind that fixes faucets, helps shift heavy shit, and mends busted fences ... What kinda kind was ya thinking there, Tee?’ he asked, a boyish grin to his lips.
I stopped at the passenger door, waiting for him to unlock it for me.
‘Well,’ the light suddenly changed in my eyes, ‘the kinda kind that depletes your entire Jack supply for a week, as least, I reckon,’ I giggled.
‘Jesus,’ he chuckled, unlocking and opening the door for me, ‘is that all ya damn well think about ... Jack?’
I climbed in and looked at him.
‘No, I think about other stuff too ... Like money and sex, but I’d never ask you for either of them, Mike ... God, you make it sound like I’ve got a one track mind ... And I haven’t ... Honestly,’ I beamed.
He shut my door and walked around the other side to get in.
‘Money, sex and Jack ... Man, now that’s my kinda woman,’ he chuckled as he climbed behind the wheel. ‘Ya just sent my ole heart a fluttering ... Ooh-wee, Tee, if you weren’t involved with that Dan Foster I’d ...’
‘... You’d what? Take me home and shag my brains out?’
The truck fell silent. Mike didn’t know what to say to that.
‘Let’s get ya home ... Before we both say something we regret in the morning,’ he smiled, his face partly hidden in shadow.
‘Anyway, where’s little Miss Dress Shop ... I heard you two got something happening ... Or it that just gossip? Maybe she’d help you with the decorating ... You’d save a fortune in Jack stock,’ I continued, the pissed smile not leaving my face.
‘Amelia is visiting her mother for the weekend, she’ll be back tomorrow by all accounts, early afternoon, seeing as the weather is quite bad across the state ... And, yeah, we’ve struck up a friendship ... I like her cuz she’s quiet, and she doesn’t take to dancing on my bar when she’s as loaded as casino dice,’ he grinned at me.
‘Ooh, Mike McCall, you know how to wound a girl ... I don’t know what that child sees in you, I really don’t,’ I grinned, my eyes sparkling under the influence of my consumed booze.
And so the drive back to Tee Town was a journey of changed subjects and silly banter, all tongue in cheek, of course. We were able to talk like that, open and have a chuckled about life, sex and money matters. I made it easy for him. He felt so unforced in my company, there were no uncomfortable silences, no clammy moments, I was funny and made him laugh, and he liked me for it. I also made him feel good about himself. I had a way of doing that without trying too hard.
As Tee Town loomed into sight my question was raised.
‘You stopping for a coffee, or are you shooting off? You’re more than welcome to stay awhile, ya know that ...’
His hands rested on the steering wheel as his face looked at the house then back at me.
‘Actually, a coffee sounds great ... If it’s not too late for ya, that is?’
‘If I thought that, I wouldn’t have asked ya, would I?’ I grinned, climbing from the truck, closing the door, and heading towards my front door.
He sat alone for a moment, in the darkness, fingers tapping a beat on wood. He spoke aloud to himself, as he watched me searching for my keys.
‘... Hell, I guess not ...’
The dog came shooting out as soon as the door was opened. Ziggy made a fuss of me before having a quick wee in a flowerbed and bounding off to round Mike up. He’d slept through most of the evening, taking up his favourite couch, and then eaten when he wanted. He was easily pleased but preferred it when his upright was home. Once everyone was accounted for, he ambled into the house after Mike, his yard inspection completed, the door closing behind him. After one more round of sniffs, he was happy and resumed his spot on the couch, feet curled up and content at last.
We sat at the kitchen table as we drank our coffees and chatted about the festive season to come. Mike didn’t have any family in the area. In fact, he had little family left at all. He never really knew his Dad. He’d been killed in Vietnam, as were a lot of Canadians. His Mom had died years ago, the big ‘C’ taking her in a matter of months. He’d just turned thirty when it happened. He had no siblings, no Grandparents, no aunts or uncles. There was just him and his bar.
He’d nearly married, once, as a younger man. They’d split when she went off to fulfil her long lived dream of being a journalist. While she was away she’d found something else too. It was a wealthy older guy and, by marrying into his wealthy family, she’d settled in a nice life in Ottawa. He’d not heard from her since.
After inheriting and selling the house, which had been his family home, he found and bought the bar in Silver Spring. For that one move, his life had changed for the better. He’d found his place and he was happy with the hard work and long days. He couldn’t see himself doing anything else. This he explained, his story enthralling me.
‘So, I ended up owning my own watering hole, and can’t see myself leaving now ... Been a part of this town for too long ... I love it here, the people, the area ... It’s my home ... It’s what makes me happy, so, I think I’ll grow old and die here ...’
His mug, empty, came to rest before him.
‘Wow ... You certainly know what ya want, don’t you?’ I smiled.
He nodded, his grin still hanging there.
‘Yeah, I guess I do ... It’s taken some damn hard work, but I wouldn’t do it if I didn’t love it ...’
‘So, you want a top up or are ya done?’ I asked.
‘I’ll take a top up, if that’s okay with ya ... Tell me if I’m keeping ya up, Tee ... I’ll understand if ya want me to mosey on home ...’
His sharp blue eyes came round to look at me, the sight of them almost making me shudder.
‘Nah, we’re good ... If the dog’s happy then I’m happy, Mike ... Same again then?’ I smiled, my eyes finally being wrenched away from those staring into me.
‘Yeah, please,’ he replied, watching as I moved to the coffee pot for refills. ‘Do ya think you’ll stay here for good yaself? I did think, at one point, ya might go back to England, but ya seem to have settled here. How long’s it been? ... A few years, now, huh?’ he asked, as I passed him his refill, plus three sugars.
‘Jeez, well, JR’s nearly three, so it must be getting on for four? ... I can remember the first time I clapped eyes on this place. Course, it didn’t look like this then. I was a grubby little hole with not much going for it. Funny, but I fell in love with it the first time I saw it ... And then, well, you know the story ... Max bought it for me and I was home at last ...’
My eyes seemed to go misty with the mention of that name, funny how that nearly always happened.
‘I remember the first day ya came into the bar ... Ya got pretty wasted that night, and most nights after that,’ he grinned, his blue eyes shining once again.
He recalled me hanging with the old guys watching the big screen TV, drinking Jack and singing along with MTV. The thought held his smile there for a while. I’d become a regular ever since.
‘Yeah,’ I chuckled, wiping my eye, ‘I remember it too ... Had myself a good night, if I say so myself ... Met Walt and Vern and was accepted into the place as if I was a bloody bar stool. Of course, a bottle of your finest Jack helped a hell of a lot, didn’t it?’
His eyes watched me as I smiled and sipped from the mug held between both my hands. He remembered, as though it were yesterday.
‘That did help, no two ways about that ... But then, them ole coots’ll take a damn drink from any pretty lady in their company ... And the fact it was several just got them to like ya even more,’ he chuckled, his head moving to an angle, the shadow edging his jaw line.
‘Ya reckon?’ I chuckled, my eyes lost in the memory of days gone by.
‘Hell, yeah ... They weren’t gonna complain, were they? Ya even delivered it to the bar for them ... They were onto a win/win situation there ... They were as happy as pigs in shit, and no messing,’ he smiled over at me.
‘... And that was all nearly four years ago already? Has time flown that quickly, Mike?’
My sad, grey eyes turned to him as I spoke.
‘... I still miss him loads ... Max ... He’s ingrained into the walls of this place ... I hear his laugh sometimes when it’s dead quiet ... I still except him to walk through that door ... But he never does, never ...’
A single tear broke free to run my suddenly pale cheek. Mike lifted his hand and, using his thumb, brushed it away. Without thinking about what he was doing he leant forward and kissed me, his action taking even him by surprise. He stood quickly after realising what he’d done.
‘Shit ... I’m so sorry Tee ... I never meant to do that ... Please, forgive me ...’
He seemed in a panic, his need to leave creating an agitated pacing movement from one foot to another, his quick steps almost rhythmic.
My fingers brushed my lips, my silence hanging over the space around me. I stood too, turning to look at him. Without a word I walked towards him and his ashamed face, my action surprising Mike. I came to stand before him, my tears being caught in the light by the front door.
‘No, don’t be sorry, Mike, please ...’
And, with that, I reached up and kissed him again, only it lasted longer, the feeling washing us both away. Gone were thoughts of Dan at his folks. Gone were thoughts of Amelia at her Mom’s. It was just us, alone.
The hunger was there before we knew what was happening. My hands came up to his face as his arms engulfed me, holding tight, pressing myself against him, the fire consumed us as our need grew. We were heading for a fall but neither of us cared. Life’s too short and you’re a long time dead, right?
‘I want you, Mike ... I want you in me ... And I want you ... Now,’ I softly whispered, the kiss leaving my lips tingling.
His hand rose to my face. Cupping it under my jaw, his blue eyes bore down into me. The fever grew, my words feeding it, bringing it alive in him.
‘Jesus, I want inside ya too, like I never wanted in someone before,’ he replied, his voice just heard over the dog’s snoring.
Taking his hand from my face I turned, leading him up the stairs to my attic room, to my sanctuary, to my most personal of places. We didn’t speak, not even when we started to peel clothes off the other by candle light. There wasn’t anything to say, our eyes said it all.
He stood before me, naked, his body rippled with subtle light thrown from wax pillars. Catching me in his arms, he lifted me and moved towards the brass bed, the softness taking us to another level. Slowly we became one. Coiled into each other, we rose and fell as if a white-water ocean. Held tight in a place neither of us wished to leave, we lingered in the swell, timing our breaths, panting for air.
Breaking away, his tongue led a path down my body, his hair caught between my fingers, my whole being suddenly wide open and ready to be devoured. I was right there with him, holding my breath, walking his path. As his mouth hit my inner thigh the gasp was kept behind my clenched teeth, there was no going back. I was lying in the bed I’d made for myself, and I was sinking.
When I felt his mouth close over my hidden switch my orgasm started to rise. Fingers gripped tighter as the edge of a divine drop swayed into sight, the sound of my climb making him all the more determined to take me there. Slowly and with skill, he drew me through the tide that washed over me, one of my hands travelling to my mouth, the back of it attempting the hide the moment of impact.
As the fizz of jolted spasms washed through me, he kissed a path back up my aching body. Looking down at me was like looking into a dream. The tears ran from my eyes as I tried to make it be Max, but try as I might, it would never be.
Taking himself in hand, the purr continued as he sunk into me, my nails dragging red lines down his tanned shoulders and back. He was lost in me, making a memory, knowing he would never be there, inside, ever again. This was his only chance to be a part of me, this he knew too.
When tomorrow arrived it would be back to our lives and the course we were always on, in different directions, a million miles apart. He didn’t care and neither did I. It was about those minutes, there, caught in that falling feeling, having it, taking it, and not caring about what came with the dawn.
His lips dropped to mine as I called out a name. It didn’t matter whose name it was, it didn’t even register with him. Max, Dan, Mike, who gave a shit, he was where he wanted to be. He’d be whoever just to get a piece of that ass, sunk to the nuts, taking his pleasure for once. I felt good, as if I were made to fit his hardness. Cramming into me, the thrusts on a vicious level, he left me gasping and greedy for more. And so it continued, his mouth to a nipple, biting, tasting, breathing me in. The rougher he became the more I reacted to it. Eventually, five words smoked from his lips.
‘Oh, Christ ... I’m gonna cum,’ was a growl from an almost closed throat.
His final moments saw him, arms straight, breaths clawed into his hot lungs, eyes on me, banging away like a crazed rabbit, hard, fast, the pressure immense. He was finally doing what he’d wanted to do for the last four years, fuck my brains out, just like I’d said and, damn, did it feel good riding the spine of that crazy horse.
As pulses soared we came together, noisy and eye to eye, our animal instinct at an all-time natural high. Still my fingers rent lines on his naked back, adding to the guttural roar as he emptied himself into me. The delicious downward slide brought us back to earth, the deed done with sweat to faces and backs, pooling in places, hot and happy, just as it should be.
We slept as the doped, the dawn creeping quiet fingers across that naked landscape beyond. The first of November carried more snow on its back, the flakes of the blizzard big enough to close highways and backstreets.
By the time Mike got his shit together, kissed a dozy me goodbye, and walked from that funny little house, Walt had already cleared the track all the way to Bookshop Corner. If the old boy was expecting to see a truck, any truck, parked outside my place that morning, it certainly wasn’t Mike McCall’s.
~
Dan was very quiet, he had been all day. Stevie wasn’t used to a quiet Dan. It was odd, wrong and uber uncomfortable, plus Stevie didn’t like it much. Still, he tolerated it right up until Dan did that big irritating sigh thing he did when he was in his strange land of Can’t Concentrate For Thinking.
‘Okay, okay ... I can’t take it any longer ... What the hell’s wrong with ya?’
Stevie was stood at the open office door, coffee in hand, brows knitted together.
‘... I know ya got something going on in that brain of yours ... What gives? Ya just seen the Flames crashed and burnt? Or is Tee running ya ragged again?’ Stevie almost laughed, but didn’t.
For some reason Dan hadn’t come back with his usual quick quip, odd again.
Up until the moment Stevie started speaking, Dan was going through the motions of ragging a few drum rolls off, just quick like, nothing fancy, warming up really.
As Stevie stopped speaking, Dan didn’t turn as his sticks were launched across the room, crashing against the back wall, where their near fraying ends splintered and fell to the floor by the emergency exit. Only one word was shouted after they struck. Nothing else followed.
‘... FUCK ...’ was one dragged out word, breaking at the end, almost bouncing back from the power behind it.
Stevie walked out into the studio and stood looking at his friend, a funny expression on his face. Fingers of one hand slid into a front pocket as the other hand cradled his mug against his chest.
‘Okay, which bit caused that?’ he asked. ‘Was it the Flames burning out badly? ... Or, was it the Tee thing?’
The dregs of his coffee disappeared into a momentarily silent mouth. But it didn’t last.
‘... Come on, ya old loved up sack-a-crap, talk to me ... What’s that crazy woman gone and done now?’
Then he waited.
Slowly, Dan spun to face him on his stool. He was looking down at his hands resting in his lap, one palm up, a thumb running over the crease lines, each as old as him. His mop of dark hair hung forward so the fringe hid his eyes in the shadow beyond, his curtain against the world. He didn’t know how to say it, or even what he was meant to say. There were words in there, but he wasn’t sure if Stevie could understand them if he heard them. The more he thought about it, the louder that damn sigh became.
‘There’s something going on with Tee, Stevie, and I don’t know what it is ... One minute she’s all over me, the next, I don’t see, or hear from her, for weeks. I haven’t spoken to her since Halloween, and ya know how that ended ... Man, what’s going on?’
A hand rose to his face and slowly swiped down to his jaw. For the first time he looked at Stevie, his eyes tired, watery, and red rimmed.
‘... I think I’m looking at the end ... And I don’t know what to say to her ... How do ya even start that conversation, Stevie? Help me out here, buddy, cuz I ain’t got a damn clue ...’
Stevie rested onto one hip, his hands remaining in place. He took a deep breath, thinking about his words before he spoke, the silence seeming to drain the air.
‘Dan, sometimes things change, people change, tastes change ... Nothing remains the same, as they say ... But, there’s one bet I’ll put my life on, and that’s Tee ain’t never gonna let go of my bro ... Not now, not ever ... And, sad to say, I think you’re finally seeing that, my friend ...’
Turning away, Stevie wandered over to the old acoustic they had knocking about, Max used to play it sat in the office mainly. Touching the headstock with a light tapping of his un-pocketed fingers he spoke over his shoulder just loud enough to be heard.
‘I know this shit sounds crazy, but Max is still here ... I know cuz I can feel him in this room sometimes, I even catch a whiff a that dumb aftershave of his too, then sometimes I might hear a string ring out ...’
He plucked at one and the memories became a flood across the lost landscape in his mind. Turning to his friend, still seated and still silent, he grinned.
‘Look, if ya wanna be with Tee, ya gotta learn to live with Max too ... There’s always gonna be three people in your relationship with her ... You just have to get used to the fact that one of you is dead,’ he chuckled.
Dan’s fingers raked through his mop of dark hair, his eyes closing, and then came that sound of his loud sigh once again.
‘Nah ... This problem ain’t dead, Stevie ... I can live with Max, I have done for over twenty years, why the hell would that change now?’ he smiled.
His eyes opened to look towards the office once more.
‘... Nah, this problem is something else ... This problem is very much alive ... And I know cuz I can taste it ... It’s like dust in my damn mouth ...’
Dan’s eyes dropped to his hands again, thumb still rubbing those lines.
‘... I don’t know what’s coming, but I’m damn sure I don’t wanna see it when it gets here ...’
Stevie turned at the door.
‘Man, this so sucks ... Maybe ya should go an bust it open on the spot ... Maybe she’s menopausal or somethin, I don’t know, it’s Tee, she’s a law unto her damn self, ya know that ...’
Dan said nothing. He just stared at Stevie with a rather sad expression on his face.
‘My advice,’ Stevie tried again, ‘ya have to go see her, talk to her, get her way of thinking on this ... Don’t go in there screaming and shouting, she’ll only walk away, singing ... Then, ya can get it back on track by blowing her fucking mind with amazing make-up sex in ya party-for-two shower.’
Stevie watched his friend, the silence eerie and not something Stevie was comfortable with.
‘... Now, ya staying or going cuz I’m chipping home. Chels has something going on involving her Mama, and some posh afternoon tea-party crap ... I had a special invite from JR, so I gotta show my face for my boy, if nothing else,’ he grinned. ‘Ya wanna come along too? ... It’s open to all, Chels said ...’
Dan rubbed at one shoulder with a hand, the stress not quite dissipating. He stood and walked towards Stevie in the office, his voice his announcement into the room.
‘Thanks, but nah ... I just wish I knew where she is, Stevie ... I’ve been looking, but I can’t find her anywhere ...’
The look on Stevie’s face changed slightly, his bottom lip pushed out a little as he thought about that. His shoulders shrugged as he aired his view.
‘Maybe she’s got the hump and slung it back to England for a spell ... If things fuck her off here she usually goes there. She calls it her bench on the moon or some loada shit ... Anyway, how long have ya been looking ...’
Taking his jacket from the chair, Dan turned to leave. He stopped to make his reply.
‘I been looking about four or five weeks now ... Guess she’s gone back to England, like ya say ... We’ll see, when she finally answers her damn phone ... Shit, I musta left her a hundred messages already ...’
His hands came to rest in his front pockets as he walked away from Stevie.
‘... I’ll see ya later ... Gonna go lose myself somewhere for a while ... Call me when Jake’s back in town.’
Stevie, sat in his office chair, rolled backwards across the plush carpet to watch his friend leave.
‘Yeah ... Be good, ya hear ... And no making off with yaself looking for that dumb broad ... I love her, but she can drive ya crazy in a damn second,’ he chuckled.
‘Yeah ... Laters,’ was a shout and a waved hand over his shoulder affair.
Dan had exited the building.
As soon as he was out of sight Stevie flew into action. Rolling back to his desk, the little black book was pulled from the drawer and flipped open. His index finger skipped names, page after page. There he was.
He swiped at his mobile and punched in a number. When it started ringing he opened a pad, grabbed a pen, and then he waited. Soon enough, it was answered by a male voice Stevie knew.
‘Yeah, my friend ... What can I do for you, only make it brief, I’m in the middle of something?’
Stevie smiled, ‘Yoh, dude ... Got a little job for ya ... Missing person ... Ya into taking a shot for me?’
‘Well there, Stevie, I think I might have a little time to do some digging for ya ... Can ya call me back in about two hours with the details, and we can take it from there, buddy.’
That voice never changed. It was always the same tone, emotional sometimes, witty but dry. All things considered, it was still that of an old friend’s.
‘Yeah, Jac ... I’ll ring ya when I get back home, that shouldn’t be a problem, at all ...’
~
‘Well, okay ... It must be a pretty big fuck-up if it made ya run up here and hide yaself away like this, ya damn crazy woman,’ the voice asked from behind me as his blue eyes cast, slowly, across the vast, part frozen, lake and towards those amazing mountains.
It had been a mellow morning, having chased the dawn into being after a night on the piss, and so I was taking my day as it came. There was nothing but birdsong, breath vapours and blue sky, the little warmth from the sun a blessing all of its own. Fresh coffee hung in the breeze as bacon smells lazily wafted a trail out and yonder. Sat on the swing-seat, in Max’s ski-jacket, I watched the wispy clouds skip off the apexes on the other side.
My face turned towards my guest, my mug clasped in hand, held to my chest.
He was standing, just as his brother used to, weight on one leg, hands on hips. His battered cowboy hat was pulled forward over his bleached spiky hair so his blue eyes sat in shadow. They came alive when sunlight streaked a path across them.
Slowly my eyes dropped.
‘Jesus, you’re like a sodding bloodhound,’ I sighed under my breath.
‘What was that?’ was asked across the nervous space between us.
‘I said ... I guess I like snow on the ground ...’
Stevie wasn’t convinced as his words burst from him.
‘Jesus, fucking, Christ, you’re like a damn rocket in a pond, girl, sinking and ready to explode all at the same time ... What the hell’s going on with you? Ya acting like the damn world’s killing ya and it looks like ya wanna take everybody else down on the way? So, come on then, what gives?’
Listening to his voice, its sound, its accent, my gaze lifted to the horizon with its white featureless tree line and amazing view. I stopped listening and started softly humming to myself when he asked his first question. When he finished his little speech, I sighed again.
‘... Okay, okay ...’
I paused.
‘... I did something really stupid and I regret every bloody second of it ... It was a selfish act, when I was angry and pissed, and it should never have happened ...’
I fell silent again. When my misty eyes turned, Stevie was wiping a hand down his face as he walked towards where I sat. He landed next to me, his hat in his hands.
‘Honey, I ain’t gonna judge ya, and I ain’t gonna tell ya what to do with ya life ... You’re ya own person, and ya have to make ya own decisions, and ya own mistakes, even ... I do know, whatever it was, it’s hurt Dan like hell, you’ve hurt Dan like hell ... But that’s all I’m gonna say, baby cakes, the rest, as ya know, is up to you,’ he smiled, his eyes softening to a pretty sky blue, his arm coming up to hang around my shoulders.
‘How did you find me?’ I asked, my eyes not straying from that vista.
‘I knew it was the only place ya knew where the keys were hidden. It was either here or New Orleans, and I knew ya hadn’t left the country by road, rail or air ... And don’t ask, I won’t tell ya,’ he chuckled, his forehead bouncing against the side of mine.
Absentmindedly I spoke to the space before me.
‘You put a trace on me, again, didn’t ya? Who helped ya this time ... Cole the cop? Or was it Morgan PI?’
It sounded funny but I wasn’t cracking a smile as I said it. In fact, the entire time I spoke, my features didn’t really change at all.
Stevie didn’t reply. His silence confirming it was, in fact, one of them. In that instance it was Sergeant Cole (James Alexander) the Cop, or Jac to his close friends. Slowly, his eyes turned toward the view, across the lake and away to the mountains.
‘We used to come up here without you knowing,’ I softly stated. ‘It was Max’s idea, he showed me where you hid the keys,’ I continued over his silence. ‘We spent many a week just being us, together, no one about to get in the way, lost in each other for a while ....’
My face turned towards him, my sad expression ablaze across my tired features.
‘... I ache for losing that, Stevie ... Somehow, nothing fills it ... There’s nothing left to pour into the hole that was left by him ... Nothing breaks the monotony of being broken.’
‘I know, kid, I understand what ya saying, and I already guessed it was you guys that were making the place look tidy,’ he grinned. ‘But, please, whatever healing it is ya still have left to do, try not to break Dan in the process, huh ... He’s a good man, he don’t deserve that ... And he does love ya, I can see he really does, Tee ... So, whatever it was that happened, put it to bed, it’s time to move on, little sister ... If ya love Dan, tell him, he’ll love ya right back ... But, if ya need to let go, do it gently, please,’ he smiled. ‘I know ya still miss and love Max, I still do too, but it shouldn’t stop ya from living the rest of ya life,’ he finished with a grin, his eyes flicking over my features.
‘It’ll sound funny to you, but I look at my life and all I see is a spiral of crap and loss ... That’s all it seems to be ... All the money I have and I can’t change a bloody second of it ...’
I sighed again, the weight, within, lessening somehow.
‘... I hate who I become with Dan, I’m not right for him, not really ... But that’s because I have this gaping hole left in me, made by Max, and I don’t think it’ll ever heal ...’
My sad eyes held the meaning of my words. Just looking at me showed I didn’t know how to move forward. For me, it just wasn’t the right time.
‘... Sometimes I feel like I’m forcing it and it shouldn’t be like that ... And I feel like I’m cheating, not just Dan, but me and everyone around me, Max too ... And it feels wrong, Stevie ... It feels wrong ...’
My eyes slowly closed as my face turned away, my grief no longer being held back. As my hands rose to hide my sorrow, Stevie’s arms encircled my waist. Pulling me towards him, my sobs were uncorked and the river ran awhile.
~
As soon as the scent hit me I was lost. I found that amusing, how a fragrance can have such an amazing impact on the control of memories. Following my nose, I was dragged down the stairs and across to the bar. The Russian Amber hung spices in the air, a whirlpool of hot sultry nights moved in the mist created in my mind’s eye. I had to know. I had to know who was wearing Max’s aftershave.
The four foot high bar, with its bottles and glasses on show beyond, tantalized me every step of the way. As my elbow came to rest on its top, my eyes scanned the room around me. The usual pockets of people hung at the peripheral tables, off in the back, with dim light and low talking.
There it was again. Where the hell was it coming from?
‘... Hello, there ... What can I get ya, Mam?’ the smooth voice asked from the rise beside me.
With a shudder I realised it was an English accent. My eyes turned up to the young man serving, to his clear, blue irises, his clean, young face, and his well-trimmed, shoulder length, mousy coloured hair.
My lids closed briefly, as I inhaled though my nostrils and filled my senses. They were still closed as I smiled and spoke.
‘I’d just love a double Jack, in a long glass, topped up with cola, no ice ... Please.’
They opened as I looked up.
‘... Thank you,’ I almost laughed. ‘Oh, and can you bring it to my table? ... And, you might want to take a break,’ I smiled.
The puzzled look still hung there as the young man started making my drink. I cured that by introducing myself.
‘Hi ... My name’s Tee Jackson ...’
He didn’t stop pouring as his eyes slid up to look at me, the name starting a thought process in his brain. Maybe it seemed familiar somehow, and why was that?
I carried on, almost at a whisper.
‘Your name is Terrick Daley ... And I hear you seem to think you have a connection with the Manley family.’ I was still smiling when I finished with, ‘And you need to stop pouring now.’
He stopped just at the point of overflow.
‘Follow me over, would you?’ I requested. ‘Oh, and you better tell your boss you’re taking a ten minute break ... You need to hear what I have to say,’ I smiled, as I walked to the empty corner table nearest the stairs.
Smiling, as he sat in the seat opposite, I opened the conversation, as I knew I would.
‘I know everything about you, Terrick ... Where you come from, what you’re doing here ... Even what you had for breakfast today ... Toasted bagels, I believe ...’
I took a sip from my glass, my eyes flicking to a point beyond my company, the stall beyond, two couples watching the ice hockey game.
Terrick was sat, knees part, hands in his armpits, a rather arrogant look on his face. That whole badass demeanour, that was his father, it shone through every pore of that boy’s lanky body, but that was about to change.
‘Mmm, good,’ I purred before resuming over his silence.
‘... I’ve had a man following your arse for about eight weeks. Doug Reed, the owner of the studio, well, he thought it a bit odd, some young English punk turning up, out of the blue, no musical qualifications, no musical experience, wanting to be a grunt in some dinghy hole, working for piss all wages, night and day. The question was, why? ... Why that studio? You’re English, why come here, why not go to London? ... Sorry, kid, but that just stank ...’
My eyes came back into the circle of silence to rest on my hands cocooning my glass. It was a barrier between us, but only for a few seconds after I took another swig of my drink. I could feel that same old frost emitting from the form facing me. If you could time travel, I may have thought I had. The aroma of that spicy aftershave hanging around me, as an invisible cloud, impacted the image. I closed my eyes and breathed in through my nostrils slowly, my lids still touching when I spoke again.
‘He thought he’d give you a chance, just one, see where it took him ... Turned out you were really cagey about where you came from ...’
My grey eyes were back, looking his way, studying him almost.
‘There was also another comment Reedy made, which has stuck with me for ages ... He said, it was the way you carried yourself and some of your characteristics ... He said, it felt like he’d seen them before ... Reedy felt he knew you somehow, but he just couldn’t remember where from ...’
Terrick’s china blue eyes were transfixed on the face of the woman sat before him. A cold wash had settled over him as soon as I’d started talking. His numb fingers clenched into the underarms of his damp shirt.
His life was pouring out in front of him and he couldn’t stop the incoming tide. The banks to the dam had burst. Now all he could do was silently build a wall against the grey eyes that caught the lowlight as if sprinkled with crushed diamonds. Those eyes looked at him then. There was that grey, and there was that glint again.
‘... After a few weeks working nights at the studio, you also took on the job in the bowling alley, weekends mainly. Anyway, that didn’t work out and, after only a month, you junked that for this,’ I grinned, as my hands came up from the table to indicate the space around us, ‘my favourite watering hole in Calgary,’ the smile was still there as my gaze came back to him. ‘... But ya knew that already, didn’t you?’ I chuckled.
Terrick still had nothing to say. Only minutes had passed, but it felt like hours. And had the temperature dropped in there or what?
I had more to tell. Was he going to be able to handle it though, or was he going to run like hell? I’d already tossed that coin in my head a million times. Heads he’ll bolt back to Blighty, and he’s a liar, tails he’ll stay, and see it to the end, because he’s telling the bloody truth, it’s that simple.
‘Oh, the guitar you liked, the one you were caught jamming on in the sound booth? It was one of Max’s electric acoustics ... He gave it to Reedy as a birthday gift ... It was a joke ... But Reedy didn’t get it.’
My voice softened a little as I spoke, as if sliding into a lazy daydream.
Terrick moved for the first time. His face still held a tinge of petulance as his forearms came to rest on the table top before him. Those musician fingers of his reached for the glass vase and fake flower. He spun it slowly, the glass base turning in quarters on the spread of wood between us, back and forth, back and forth.
‘... He was nearly there, wasn’t he, old Reedy?’
There was my chuckle again. It came as a snort down my nose.
‘After only four weeks he mentioned Stevie’s name, thinking it might be him ... Right name, wrong brother ... Course, I didn’t tell Reedy that ... He rung Wiseman the next morning, and we’ve been just as interested in you as you are in us, ever since ...’
I looked over at the young man and saw just that, a young man, anger on his face, in his busy hands. My gaze was one of sadness and my eyes almost misted a little.
‘We found out where you came from, who your adopted parents are, where you went to school, what passes you gained in Uni ... And, from that moment, I wanted to know everything ... See, when Wiseman found Karl Monroe, all was revealed ... That’s when the truth really tumbled out. From one Solicitor to another, the information flew ... That’s when I knew ... As soon as Wiseman said the name, Kim Ross.’
My eyes held the look of loss, real loss, the knowing of loss, it was there, being watered down in pretty grey eyes.
‘She’s your Mum, was your Mum ... And, a long time ago, when Max was a young man, he had a fling with an English chick ... She was over for her summer vacation. When she left, she was already pregnant. There was no internet, no mobile numbers, no way of tracking her down ... He didn’t even have her full name back then. He only knew her as Kim, Daley being your adopted name ...’
Terrick listened. It was all falling into place. He really was Max Manley’s kid. He really was, but he’d never managed to meet him. He’d lost them both before he ever met either of them. He suddenly felt abandoned, forgotten. It was a draining feeling, cold and without hope.
My hand came across the table and rested on the young clenched fist sat before me. Stevie and Beth where still there, me too, he still had hope, I just had to show him.
‘Terrick ... There are people who want to meet you, help you, get to know you ... You have an uncle, and an aunt to be, a grandma and me, I’m kinda like your Stepmom ... And there’s a whole life to see out there... And I’m so sorry, I heard about your birthmother ... The cancer, it was very aggressive, or so I was told.’
My voice softened with the last of my words. I knew that loss, my Pops had been taken in the same horrid way.
‘... Terrick ...’ I tried again, ‘I’ve been told how you play the guitar pretty well, and that you sing too ... Reedy was impressed, liked your sound, your vocals, said you were raw and on the edge, just like Max was as a kid. I had to laugh at that ... He really wants to help you, I want to help you and, if you really are a part of the Manley Collective, isn’t it time to see where the hell that leads you? ... Welcome to the wonderful world of music, kid, it’s as big as you want it to be ...’
Terrick’s blue eyes hadn’t moved from my face in all the time I spoke.
‘Will they accept me though? ... As their own ... What if they hate me?’ he asked, feeling a little foolish, caught playing a game that was way beyond his years.
I almost chuckled. ‘They are not going to hate you. I think they’ll be surprised, if anything ... Your Dad left you a wonderful legacy here, you just have to open your arms and let it all in ... You’ll never be sorry, Terrick ... If you want this, this life, this family, this future, then you’ll have to work bloody hard at it ... Nothing is free in this life, but no one’ll hold you back either ... You’ll get to know some of the greatest men in the business and, luckily enough for you, most of them will be a part of your everyday life ... Yeah, you’ll meet some humungous arseholes too, but you’ll not be bothered by them, I can promise you that ...’
‘What about my Dad? ... Did he even know I was alive? Did he mention that I might be out there, somewhere?’
His hand trembled over his jaw line as his words tumbled out. He didn’t want to feel forgotten.
‘Your Dad had his suspicions ... He thought there could be a chance ... But he didn’t tell anyone, well, not till I came along, he didn’t ... It was shortly after we lost our little boy. I found him crying in the garden at Silver Spring. He wasn’t crying just for our loss ... I think he was also crying about the loss of you too ...’
I half smiled, the effort seen in my features.
‘... That’s when he informed me you might walk the planet ... It’s also when he started the Trust Fund for you, just in case you ever appeared ...’
I leant a little further forward, my voice dropping to almost a whisper. The subtle change made him look at me in a slightly different way for a second.
‘We didn’t tell anyone else ... We were never sure ... So we just waited ... And here you are.’
My eyes dropped away from his as I sighed quietly.
‘... I still love your Dad, very much ... He was a wonderful, crazy, talented man, and I’m sorry you never got to meet him.’ I chuckled under my breath, ‘He could be a real sod sometimes, but he was a good man ... A man I was proud to know, a man I was proud to love ... Terrick, he left you very wealthy ... Another part of the legacy your Dad insisted on, should anything ever happen to him ... And he didn’t know if you were a boy or a girl, either way, he still loved and missed you ...’
‘He was waiting for me all that time?’
Terrick sounded amazed. His blue eyes showed the emotion that was washing away his last defence. I watched the change. It was as if I were sat opposite Max himself.
‘Yes, Terrick, he was waiting all that time, for you ... And you just missed him, I’m so sorry ... I wish I could change that, but I can’t, and that breaks my heart,’ I replied, trying to smile, my hurt as real as his.
Terrick turned away, his eyes resting anywhere but my face, the devastation, the hurt and the loss. It was all there in my grey eyes. With his index finger and thumb to his lips, just the same way Max would, his mind raced with what he had lost. It would have been easy to blame his Mother, Kim, but she’d had little choice at the time. She was already ill but didn’t know it, not until she was confirmed pregnant.

There was no chemo option for Kim Ross, not whilst carrying her baby. Her parents begged her to think about aborting and trying again when she was better, but she had to know the risks from all directions. As it happened, her chances didn’t improve much by doing so. In the time allotted there would be months of aggressive catch-up therapies, which held only a 50% survival rate, and that was only if it all went okay and her body could cope with said therapies and suggested surgeries. She’d winced at the Surgeon’s last words on the subject. It clenched the deal if the truth be known.
‘Kim, I can’t tell you what to do ... You’re eighteen years old, for God’s sake ... I thought we knew it all at that age ...’
Her face turned to him as she grinned, ‘Ha, very funny ...’ She was serious again. ‘Carry on then, there was gonna be a follow on to that sentence like, it’s your life and you gotta do what’s best for you, think of your future, you have your whole life ahead of you ...’
She looked at him with hard eyes, the tone changing with her remaining anger restrained behind an iron will.
‘... God, no wonder you get on so well with my parents, you sound just like them ... But it’s not going to be much of a life, is it, Doc? ... It’s gonna be tubes and jabs, stuff going in, stuff coming out ... It’s gonna be puking and crying and painful ... For six months, maybe a year, before I die in agony because all the therapies and all surgeries didn’t fucking work ...’
Nigel took his glasses off and looked at her.
‘There wasn’t a follow on actually, Kim ... I can’t tell you what to do, and it’s as simple as that ...’
He tried a smile before he spoke again, his wire rims held gently between big fingers.
‘And, besides ... I wouldn’t have said anything like that ... So you’re off the mark there, my girl, by a long shot ...’
He seemed to become larger all of a sudden, drawn up and as big as a bull.
‘... I know what your chances are, I’m the bloody Surgeon doing the deeds ... Some would talk behind closed doors, but I’d prefer my charges to know the score, and not get confused.com by all the processes. My honest opinion ... If you abort, and react well to the treatments and surgeries I’ve suggested, it all works in your favour, your chances are higher, and the weather could be blue skies in eight months, maybe ten ... If you don’t ... It won’t work in your favour, your risk of infection would be astronomical, and you could have surgery issues without the required pre-preparation, plus that would mean a much higher chance of a nuclear winter  ... But, like I said ... I can’t tell you what to do.’
His eyes dropped away to his hands on the desk, his fingertips turning his wedding ring three times before looking back at her. He was almost expecting her next words, they always ask, they have to.
‘Doc, what’s the worst-case scenario, the nuclear winter? If there had to be a choice made, you know, between me and the baby, what would you do?’
‘Well, conscience and ethics, and my code of practice says ... It’s all about saving lives at the end of the day ... I can save a life here ... Sadly, under these circumstances, there can be only one ... But, life over death every time ... Why lose two when you know you can save one?’
Her eyes had filled with tears.
‘Which one do you lose, to save the other?’ she asked.
And here comes those deal clenching words.
Nigel’s eyes turned a sad shade of green, as his brows lowered to shadow them a little more.
‘I’m sorry, Kim, but there’s only one person walking this earth that can make that decision ... And I’m sat looking at her ... So, toss the coin if you have to, Kim, you’re time is running out here ... We have to act, now, if we hope to save either one of you ... But you have to decide, I’m afraid ... And I’m so sorry I don’t have better news for you ...’
Two days later she told her carers her decision. Her parents freaked then broke down, her big brother understanding somehow, and her Surgeon excepting her decision.
Nine months later, Terrick was in the adoptive home Kim had found for him through family. He’d worked it out that he’d been about eight months old when she died. From the time of being told to make her decision she lived another fourteen months in total. Nigel, her surgeon, stayed with her until she was free of pain. He later said she simply gave up in the end, he thinks he knows why. She was just four months off turning twenty.

Max, on the other hand, was a different thing all together. He’d missed him by two years, my God, just two short years. How can you mend that? Well, you simply can’t. There’s no way to claw that time back. He momentarily hated his adoptive parents for not telling him at eighteen, he wished they had, he wished they’d grown the balls and said those words.
It might have helped him back then. They might have had a chance and got to know each other, really know each other. There might have been a future for them, together, as a team, father and son. Max might still be alive even, and still married to me, still doing his music, but being a Dad too, or Pops, or Pa, or whatever it is they say in Canada.
And with the loss of all that, it suddenly hurt, deeply. It showed in his face, in his body language, the way his eyes blinked quickly, the half hidden sighs and the way his hands trembled. It showed as clearly as if it had been his Dad, or Pops, or Pa, sitting in that very seat.
I saw the swing take place, the emotion being so well hidden. I was waiting for the Max type explosion, but it never came.
‘We only get one chance in this life, Terrick ... We gotta take that and make the best of it. Sometimes shit gets taken away from us, and we crash and burn but, sometimes, when we think there’s nothing left, there’s always something more. We just gotta get out there and grab a slice of it.’
I snorted a laugh down my nose again.
‘... What you’ve done to get here, to follow the path you chose, that takes some real balls, your Dad would be so proud of you ... Coming this far, to find him, that would have been the most amazing thing to him ... And I can tell you now, for nothing, had you appeared those years ago, you would have healed something in him. He didn’t know it then ... But he needed you ...’
Slipping into my coat, I drained my drink and collected my phone and bag.
‘Well, you, young man, have a lot to think about right now ... You have to decide where you go next, and what it is you want to do ... After that, it’s all leg and paperwork, but that’s something I could help you with, if you want? ... Another thing to think about,’ I chuckled. ‘Anyway, I’ll be in touch and, when you’ve had time to think about all this, you can contact me via Reedy, he has my mobile number,’ I smiled, my bag strap coming to rest on my shoulder over my jacket.
Then, for the first time in ages, he turned to face me, sat just like Max used to, knees apart, elbows on them, fingers linked and indexes resting against his top lip.
‘Sweet Jesus Christ,’ I said, ‘if we grew your hair long, and introduced a neat goatee to your fizzog, you’d give your Grandma a bloody vapour lock. Look at you, sat there like that, the spitting of your father when he was young. Damn, if only you’d appeared sooner, he really would have loved you, ya know, and I reckon you would have loved him right back ...’
‘Mmm, well, there’s some thinking to be done there, isn’t there?’ he smirked, his fingers not leaving their place of rest.
His eyes came up as I looked down at him.
‘Oh, and thank you, for everything ... Mom,’ he grinned, just like his Dad used to.

It was Terrick’s idea to have the blood tests done, the ones to prove who he really was. See, it was all well and good being told you were the son of a rich and famous Rock Star, but it’s something else trying to certify the fact. Okay, all the paperwork reinforced and backed up every word stated. He certainly had the credentials, the looks and the swagger, all the way down to the way he smiled even. But, for some people, that still wasn’t going to be enough. If he was being made to prove it, for sure, beyond reason of a doubt, he had to have those bloods done. Without them as ammo, he didn’t stand a bloody chance.
This all led to needing a sample to go by. Max was gone and there were no other living children of his. The next in line to Max was Stevie, and that meant introducing himself to the family.
When he aired this to me, in a call, I was quite impressed with the young man. It takes some balls to approach a total stranger and ask for a vile full of them so the former can prove he is related to the latter, by blood. Now, that was never going to be an easy request, at any time.
There were no reservations about taking that final drastic step, not in my eyes, anyway. I’d seen what Terrick had been through locating his birth parents. It must have nearly broken him searching for all that time, and over all those miles, to have neither in the end. What kind of strength did that take?
He was very quiet as we drove to Beth’s, or his Grandma’s. There was a file, two inches thick, sat on his lap, it held the entire story so far. All the papers he’d been given by his adopted carers and his solicitor sat, in date order, recalling a life suddenly broken. It was insane, crazy, and beyond belief.
He’d read every piece of writing, every review, every sentence ever written about Max Manley, some of it even sat in that file, some of it even had my name attached. Once he had his father’s name he started surfing for information online. To his amazement there were hundreds of pages about him, for search and images alike. Then it all made sense. The file also held a photo of his birth mother, Kim Ross, stood with a tall, long haired guy who was holding a V shaped guitar. That was them, years ago, her travelling, him playing.
Terrick had already visited her grave, his birthmother’s. It was a sunny day and he took her a big bunch of large red daisies. It was very quiet there, very peaceful. It looked out over a field, the corn was high and poppies dotted its edges whilst crows argued in treetops. He remembered being sad for the loss of it, and for how it had all ended there.
He knew I was aware of his silence. He liked that I didn’t break it with chat or loud music. There was something about me. He felt as if he’d known me all his life. It wasn’t hard work like being around his adopted carers. I was mellow, laid back, I knew when to talk and when to listen, and that’s what he like most about me.
The eyes tend to follow the line of a horizon when it stretches to infinity. The furthest point is always the point of most interest. That distant apex of a mountain is sometimes where you would rather be, and that was exactly what Terrick was thinking when we hit the exit for Ponoka.
Not a word had been said in over two hours, the odd comment had been made about a building or house, but it hadn’t started a deluge of conversation, which Terrick was glad about. The decision had been made, by him, to take the next and, maybe, final step in his crazy saga. He was starting to piece crap together and it was time to know the truth. Life had to get going, and it all rested on that next step. Whatever the outcome, he had to know, he just had to.

‘We’re here,’ I muttered, not taking my eyes from the turn into the drive.
As Terrick’s face swung round he saw the beautiful double fronted property with a long veranda running from left to right. Hanging baskets full of pretty flowers, and trailing ivy, hung where a post hit the low shingled roof. A smile bloomed across his face. It was a beautiful house.
Pulling up against a long fence, just off to one side, I parked behind the pristinely restored ’75 Mustang in cool black and silver. It was taking up the main parking area out front.
Terrick’s eyes were hooked to the stunning car as its paintwork caught the sunlight. The glint was almost blinding, throwing beams of light off mint chrome bumpers.
‘That’s Stevie’s baby ... One from the collection he’s got...’
I climbed from the Corvette and waited for the younger man to follow me to the house.
Terrick nodded with respect, the car was indeed beautiful, even better than the house and whole trip so far. He was still looking at it, as he heard the change in accent.
‘Honey, it’s so nice to see ya ... What ya been at? ... Were ya ears burning? We’ve just been talking about ya, Stevie and me ... Oh, hello there ...’
Terrick’s eyes came round to rest on an older lady with silver sprinkled dark hair, pretty blue eyes and a smile of teeth and giggles. At first he didn’t realise who he was stood before.
‘Beth,’ I hugged the woman, ‘it’s so good to be back ... Sorry I’ve not been over in a while, it’s all been a bit crazy ... Okay, this here is Terrick Daley, and I’d like you to meet him,’ I smiled.
Beth looked at the young man that had come to stand at my side. Instantly, the feeling appeared. There was a knowing, as if it was part of her kin coming home. She smiled as if Max was stood at her door looking in.
‘Well, nice to meet ya Terrick, Tee said you’d both be dropping by ... Come in, come in ...’
She stepped back into her house leaving us to follow, shutting the door behind us.
‘Thank you ... And, please, call me Terri ... Everyone calls me Terri ...’
‘I will then, if that’s how ya known,’ she replied, her pretty face aglow. ‘Oh, and Stevie’s in the kitchen, eating me outta house and home, again ... He’s on his second batch of dough balls already ... It’s like he never gets fed or something,’ she chuckled, walking back into the heart of the house. ‘Good drive up?’ she asked as we entered the room.
Stevie was right where she said he was.
‘Yeah, not bad ... It never gets any shorter though, does it? ... Shame that,’ I giggled back.
‘Never mind ... Ya got here in the end ... That’s all that matters, right?’ Beth grinned, walking off to make fresh coffee.
‘The way she drives, it amazes me she gets here at all, Ma,’ Stevie chuckled, lifting from his seat to get the cuddle he’d been waiting for.
Moving closer I laughed instead of hitting the cheeky git.
‘Gee, thanks, fam, I missed you too,’ I smiled, being engulfed by my brother-in-law’s arms.
We separated and Stevie stood with his hands on his hips, looking at the young stranger a few feet back from me. He was holding a wallet file in his hands. When Stevie smiled, the young man smiled back. Stevie knew something was different but somehow familiar. He looked at me but spoke to Terrick.
‘Have we met before?’ he asked.
Terrick looked back at him and went to speak. He didn’t. His gaze swung over to me. It was my turn. It was time to break that thick ice with a sledge hammer, and the door had suddenly been thrown open by our visit.
‘Ma, Stevie, sit down, please, we all need to talk,’ I smiled, my eyes travelling from one to the other as I spoke.
Turning to my mother-in-law, I noticed there was a connection already being made. Beth’s hand came up to her mouth and the look on her face said one thing only. It was the appearance of the tears in her eyes that changed her expression. Beth was already there.
Terrick and Stevie witnessed the look between us two women. Terrick was, by then, sat across from the older man, the file on the table between them.
As Stevie’s eyes dropped he saw a name on its white label, Terrick Daley. He squinted slightly.
‘My name is Terrick Daley, but my mates call me Terri, and it’s nice to meet you both, Beth, Stevie ... As you can probably tell, I’m English ... I don’t know how to put this, but...’
He never finished his sentence, Beth did it for him.
‘... You’re Kim’s boy, ain’t ya?’ she almost whispered. ‘Jesus, holy hairpins ... You’re Kim’s boy.’
Beth’s face came alive as she crossed the kitchen and placed her warm hands around the young man’s cheeks.
‘Oh, my, I see it now ... I can see your Momma in you, look at that face ...’
Leaning forward she quickly kissed the forehead through its mousy curls.
‘... I know why ya here son ... About time ya found us all ... It was gonna come, I was sure it would, and the good Lord saw fit to make it so ...’
‘You knew about this?’
My astonished face turned to Beth in wonderment.
‘How long have you known, Beth?’
Beth’s eyes didn’t leave those of the boy in her clasp. They reflected the same light as Max’s used to. She wallowed in it. Her boy was home in a way.
‘I’ve kinda known for over twenty years, mother’s instinct I guess ... I knew it then, when she was here on vacation, and I knew it when she left. Course, Max and her didn’t have to say nothing to me, Max never did ... But then, he never had to, I just knew somehow ...’
She sat down next to her newly found grandchild.
‘If I rummage around, in the attic, I could probably find ya some photos of when they were all hanging around here together. They were camping in the backyard for months ... You remember that, Stevie? Anna-Leah had just moved to Virginia with her folks ... That was a glorious year, as hot as Hades we said ...’
Stevie was very quiet. He needed to listen, to take it all in. We all knew but him. We all knew.
‘Yeah, I remember that year, Ma,’ Stevie interjected. ‘We were getting ready to play in Calgary. There was that big fund raiser on Prince’s Island ... We were just kids really, just finding our way ... So, yeah, Kim ... And you’re her boy, huh?’
His eyes focused again, after being lost awhile in a memory. They turned to Terrick who hadn’t spoken, as yet.
‘I certainly am, Sir ... Now I’d like to confirm something else, my Dad ... But, I need your help with that one I’m afraid, sorry ...’
Terrick had mustered as much attitude as he could under the circumstances. He needed to keep it together. He couldn’t walk away, not after getting that far.
‘And, are ya thinking ya need a piece a me? ... What, to do some blood test that says ya part of my kin? ... Is that how it works?’ Stevie enquired.
Beth answered him that.
‘It’s the same as before, Stevie ... Only they can’t take bloods from Max now, can they? I guess you’d be the next living relative, so you could do it ... It would answer the question for all of us, including this young man ... Wouldn’t you want to know, Stevie, if you were him right now?’ she questioned.
‘And, what if it’s a positive match and Terrick here is Max’s boy? ... What happens then, Ma?’ Stevie quizzed, he wanted to know.
‘What happens then? ... Well ... We start what should of been started over twenty years ago ... We get to know each other as the family we are, Stevie ... And it’s as simple as that, son,’ she grinned.
~
The door to my retreat was thrown open as Stevie entered at the rate of a charging bull. How it remained on its hinges is anyone’s guess. Before I had a chance to look up, or pull back a little, Stevie was in my face, his eyes alight with anger, his mouth an unsmiling scrawl across his lower jaw.
‘Was I EVER gonna be fucking told?’ burst from him as his fist came down onto the desk between the two of us, the impact enough to make pencils bounce and paintbrushes roll.
I recoiled in a rolling motion, backwards, in my chair, my shock tinted with fear from his explosion.
‘Jesus, Stevie, what was he going to say to you, I might be a daddy but I guess I won’t know till it gets here?’
My worried gaze came to settle on his ashen face, his eyes bright blue, neon almost.
‘... Think about it ... Think where you all were at the time ... It was over twenty years ago, Stevie ... Max wasn’t quite twenty, he was still a kid himself ...’
Shifting slightly my eyes dropped to my desk top and the sketch of Max that lay there. My fingers traced the eyebrow line as I spoke, eyes closing slowly. Oh, for it to be warm skin beneath my fingers and not top grade watercolour paper.
‘... He was never sure, of course he wasn’t, but he waited and waited ...’
They opened again and seemed sad all of a sudden, sullen, grey, tired, emotional.
‘... He couldn’t tell you, Stevie, not because he didn’t want you to know ... He just didn’t know how to ... Your Ma worked it out for herself, we know that now ... I only found out when we lost our boy ... Chelsea had just announced JR was on the way, and it all came out of him at once ...’
Stevie stood watching me talk, his eyes boring a hole into my face. Shifting a little, I tried to find a more comfortable position before I continued.
‘... All the loss was crushing him, Stevie ... He asked me not to say anything ... I loved him, how could I hurt him like that ... He’d suffered enough at that point already, believe me ... I’m sorry we hurt you by not telling you, but there was nothing we could do, we couldn’t change it or make it go away ... We just had to deal with it, and get on with our bloody lives the best we could ... What else did we have?’
Stevie turned abruptly away, his anger crash landing with the last of my words. My defence of Max was without bounds, and rightly so. There had been little point in him knowing at the time, we couldn’t have done anything about it, even if we’d found her, which we wouldn’t have without a surname.
He thought of Max, all the loss, all Max’s loss, the loss of Max. He thought about Terrick. He had a look about him, a way that was familiar, and those eyes. Yeah, if the boy wasn’t Stevie’s kid he could only, ever, belong to a sibling of his. Just by being in the same room with the young guy, Stevie knew, course he bloody knew. He knew it so bad they didn’t need to do no stupid blood test to make him a believer, he’d seen the light. It was there, in that kid’s face, the one that looked just like Max in his early twenties. Alike! No, damn near identical.

It had all happened so quickly. The bloods were done, the confirmation through. Yes, Terrick was who he said he was, and that was good enough for Beth. Everyone had to come to terms with the new arrival. Terrick, or Terri as we’d taken to calling him, was starting to be drawn into a life he could only have dreamt about. As we spent more time in each other’s company, we started to learn about the paths we all found each other on. As history lessons gave way to life and love the circle of trust and caring became as solid as it ever was.
Terrick had opened up a world that was beyond his thinking, and he liked what came with that. Finally, he felt as if he were home for the first time. People liked seeing him, he finally felt included, and he finally felt he existed. He was to become part-owner of the lodge and the surrounding land it sat within. Stevie owned the studio, and all that was below, and he had the luxury lodgings upstairs, and it was more than enough.
Max’s pickup went to his too. It had been a present to Max from me. I had the roof lowered and it had wide wheels and was sprayed this hyper shiny black. The best thing about it, though, was the glow in the dark scorpions dotted around in unobvious places on the bodywork. It was a great truck and he was very careful with it, no dents or dings on that baby, no sir.
Suddenly I found a part of myself slowly healing. With every day that passed, and every month crossed from the calendar, life was making sense again. Something had blown away the clouds a little and the sun was peeping through. Having Terrick helped, he was my on-going project. It was at that point I realised I needed him just as much as he needed me.
~
I cracked a feeble smile as I looked at the young man sat looking at me. My artist eyes flicked over strong features, china blue eyes and scruffy blond hair. I was quietly contemplating his question. When did you first realise you loved my dad? The silence had lasted a little longer than maybe it should have done. We were sat getting pissed and stoned in the games room of the lodge.
It was our lasted straight talk. In time I became that young man’s advisor, protector and, above all, his part-time Mom.
‘Ya don’t have to answer if ya don’t want to,’ the English accent asked as it wafted into my brain.
My eyes still rested on Terri but now I actually saw him and not his dad. I laughed, the tears set in my eyes not yet ready to rumble.
‘Ya know,’ I leant back in my chair, my hands crossing in my lap, ‘to answer that, honestly ... I’d say, the moment I first saw him, standing at the window in the boardroom of my London based office. I had no idea who he was, and I didn’t even recognise his name ... But, in the second our eyes locked across that room, I knew I was doomed,’ I chuckled.
‘Was it really like that?’ Terri asked. ‘The eyes across the room crap ... Does that shit really happen?’ he almost laughed, resting back into his chair, his handsome face towards me.
‘Laugh all you like, but when it happens, man, it slaps you in the bloody face, and hard too,’ I smiled at him.
‘I don’t believe you, sounds like a steaming pile to me,’ he laughed, his pretty eyes catching in the overhead lights.
‘One day, Terri, one day ... You’ll get yours, mark my words, young man, you’ll get yours,’ I baited.
His laughter was the sound I’d been craving. As my eyes closed the image of another face crept into the darkness. They were still closed when I spoke again.
‘Would you consider yourself a romantic person, Terri?’
My question stopped the laugh though the smile still painted on his lips. There was a distinct chuckle before his reply.
‘Ha ... Nah, I wouldn’t class myself as a very romantic person, Tee ... But then, I’m only in my early twenties and haven’t lived yet, have I? What the hell would I know about romance? I see it as a Barry White track, cheap bubbly wine, and maybe some nice flowers and posh chocolates ... Then, if I’m on the hop, and only if I get the right Barry White track and I’m really lucky, a quickie in the back of her old man’s car whilst it’s parked in their double garage ...’
He just about kept his laughter under wraps, but only just.
I’d heard to the end of what he was saying, but by the time that last word rang out I was time travelling into the past at a million miles an hour. Terri saw the look cast down into my eyes before my words even came to my lips.
‘Max could be a real bastard, sometimes ... If your face didn’t fit, or he’d had words with you, or he had a feeling about you, you wouldn’t be in the crew for long, let’s put it that way ...’
I smiled, my eyes travelling from my hands to the portrait of the charming character in question.
‘He did the kindest things for people ... He gave money by the cheque-full to a charity he was heavily involved with on the side. If family, or extended family, needed him, he was there, up and gone ... He was a wonderful man like that, a side only a few ever saw ... It was a shame, he had a good heart ...’
My eyes came back to look at Terri’s smiling face. He so was his father.
‘Max, your dad, amazed me on many occasions ... I could spend all day talking about the amazing things he showed me, the world, the land around me, how to love the mountains. He inspired so many people too, and would give until he was nearly flat on the floor ...’
I squinted a little, my eyes dimming. It was as though what was coming stung like a bee in my throat.
‘The Christmas after we lost our little boy, your Uncle Stevie and Aunt Chels announced they were pregnant. We were over the bloody moon for them, the news not coming at a happier time really. Well, we might have been happier, had I still been carrying our little life form, but life doesn’t work out so great sometimes, does it?’
I paused, listening to my own words, that sinking feeling cold and numb.
‘... Anyway, on the lead up to that Christmas, Max gave me a present when we were at home, alone. We were sat making the flight arrangements for one of the award ceremonies we always seemed to be going to, when he casually walks over to our stunning tree, pulls out this little box with a ribbon on, and walks back to where I’m sitting ...’
I raked my fingers through my hair, the dream still held in my eyes, another rerun of a memory.
‘... So, as I sit and open it, he explains how he saw it in a little shop, whilst roaming around St Petersburg, and how he just had to get it for me. As I peel back the pale blue tissue paper, I find something I thought I’d never see. Just big enough, so he sat in the palm of my hand, was a small, white, bone china cloud and, asleep, on the top, the cutest, most adorable little baby angel in a blue romper suit ... He had his little wings folded around him, keeping him warm... He sits on the shelf by my bed, watching over me ...’
Again I smiled, relighting my forgotten joint, and then drained my drink.
‘... There were many moments, like that, with Max ... He could simply take my breath away with the little things ... For a long time after he left I found it hard to breathe ... Somehow, when he left, he sucked all the air from my world and took it all with him ... I swear, in those few months, I hardly breathed at all,’ I chuckled as I looked at my stepson. ‘So, there ya have it ... The answers to all your questions ... Now, another drink, please ... I’m dying of thirst here, hon,’ I crooned.
~
‘The fucker dumped me, Tee ... He just took off with all his shit, saying something about going on a European tour with some bitch-slut ... I got a card from him today ... He’s currently in Rome and he don’t think he’ll be coming back anytime soon ...’
A.J.’s call had nearly not been answered. When it kept ringing I felt a guilt I didn’t know I had. Eventually I pushed that flashing button on my mobile phone.
It’s kind of funny how you can have two emotions at once. In a way it was lovely catching up with AJ, giving her a shoulder to moan on but, looking at the time, couldn’t she have called when the sun was in the sky?
‘Hey, AJ ... Sorry to hear that ... Men are bastards, huh ...?’
I wasn’t really awake. I was just going through the motions of pretending I was awake. At that point I think I had her fooled.
‘... You wanna come stay down here awhile ... We can drink that no good piece of tight arse outta ya blood stream ... It can also include lashings of girly time with ice cream and chocolate ... How does that sound?’
‘Yeah, men are bast’ds, and I hate their stupid asses, and the fact they never grow up ... God, why do we do it to ourselves, Tee? ... We should know better,’ AJ giggled down the line. ‘But, hey, don’t worry about me, the sisters are off to Vancouver, for a month ... I rented one of those loft apartments, we’re gonna go blaze some money on clothes and stuff ... Ya can’t beat some good retail therapy to blow out the cobwebs of that asshole,’ she laughed. ‘Hey, ya wanna join us for this one?’
‘Sounds awesome, but I got stuff happening here, chick ... You guys go have a fab time ... And don’t get hurt or carted off to be sold as slaves ... I wouldn’t want to have that conversation with your Mum,’ I chuckled down the line.
AJ laughed, ‘... Arh, yeah, okay then ... And I’ll try not to end up a catalogue bride, promise. Besides, Sophie is a Master in Wing Chung ... So just let someone get passed her ... Man, she moves like the damn wind when ya get her going, ooh-wee, talk about take ‘em down in two moves.’
‘Good,’ I replied, happy she had a bodyguard of sorts.
I knew how wild AJ could get when she was let loose on the unsuspecting world.
‘... And let me know when you touch down at home again ... I might have need of your services at some point ... Just so you know,’ I ended.
‘Ooh, sounds intriguing ... Yeah, no problem ... Look, gotta go ... We’re just leaving for the airport ... I thought I’d just let ya know I was gonna be gone a while ... Sorry it’s short notice, I didn’t mean it to be a five minute call at three in the morning, believe me.’
Although AJ sounded happy, really, I wasn’t all that convinced.
‘Hey, it’s all good, honey ... You go and have a great time, and I might see you in the New Year ... We can catch up then maybe, okay?’ I continued.
I could deal with that. The pain of Brody being just another arsehole would have receded into the shadows of the previous year. It would be better all round and, you never know, she could have found someone else to talk about by then anyway.
‘Yeah, okay, sounds great ... Speak soon, I’m outta here ... Love ya...’ and she was gone.
My eyes closed as I put down my phone and rolled onto my back in the dark. Another day was starting and it already came with sad news of sorts. As I lay there, I hoped there was no more sad news for a while. That, I really hated, especially at three o’clock in the bloody morning.
~
All-in-all, Terri went missing for nine days in total, if you don’t include the night he went AWOL, of course. I covered his new haunts and drove over to the studio in Calgary. Stevie had checked all his old haunts, the cafe and the bowling alley. Beth hadn’t seen him, Chels couldn’t reach him. People were starting to worry. All accept me. I remember the conversation I had with my brother-in-law.
‘Stevie, bruv, he’s a guy, he’s a good looking guy, he’s a young, free and single, loose in Calgary, and with an English accent ... He’s gonna pull ... Can you remember doing that? Going on the pull! I know for a fact you and Dan used to go on the pull ... You can’t deny it even, he told me all about it, oh, yes, indeedy.’ I remember looking sideways at my friend and chuckling, ‘Recall Deidre, with the lazy eye and a Hershey Bar, in the backseat of Dan’s old man’s ’75 Ford ... Oh, yes, I know all about that,’ I’d grinned quickly, before taking another swig from my glass, the booze making my grey eyes sparkle with mischief.
One piece of surprising information had been brought to my attention in the time Terri had been missing. I hadn’t passed it on to Dan or Stevie, or anyone else for that matter, and I had asked the source to keep it quiet and out of the Press. They did, and I trusted them on their word. Apparently, Terri and a certain young lady had been seen canoodling in a corner of a certain Vancouver club the week before. So, he was on the move then.
I knew the kid would pull, he was young and hot, but the piece of ass he was chasing was a no go in my books. This had to become a nothing before it became a something. Maybe I could have a quiet word with him, eventually, when he finally came home.
Talk of the Devil.
Ziggy brought me back from my thinking, telling me someone was on their way. I could feel it too. Their nearness suggested someone close, maybe Stevie, or Dan even.
It was dark outside the lodge, gone midnight, but the security lights were in a position to come on as soon as a car hit the lower driveway and parking area. Ziggy had heard the car long before the lights fulfilled their job description, his lowly growl an indication of an approach.
Another long day in the retreat was to lead to another night’s sleep in the lodge, crashing in my usual room. When my eyes became a blurry, gritty mess, and my posture was about to set in typing mode, I gave up. That had been about an hour previously.
I’d had a coffee and was just getting ready to retire for the night when my senses kicked in, and Ziggy’s low grumble became audible to the ear. He didn’t move, he just stared, lying in his usual spot on the supasofa. When the lights popped on, as if timed perfectly, Ziggy’s tail started to wag. I knew then, he’d recognised the sound of the vehicle’s engine the same as I. I was a pick-up, and a big one at that.
To my surprise Terri’s form appeared on the decking and ambled towards the door as I opened it for him. He walked straight passed me, not a word spoken, and off into the kitchen where he proceeded to pour himself a large glass of water which he chugged down. He looked, and smelt, like shit.
Watching him in his actions, I slowly pushed the door shut and turned towards him through the archway, my arms slowly coming up to fold across the front of my body.
‘... Where, THE FUCK, have you been ...?’
My voice crashed across the silent space. I walked towards the counter between us, a barrier Terri was glad to have there. It seemed to make him a little braver all of a sudden.
‘I’ve been out,’ he spat, ‘and who the fuck are you anyway, my fucking mother?’
One of my eyebrows lifted a little, the light in my eyes changing slightly.
‘No, you spoilt, little shit, I am indeed not your mother ... As you will recall she is very dead ... But...’
I paused for affect, my voice calm, my, spitting feathers anger under control. Terrick’s features froze. He wasn’t expecting that as a reply, or given a chance to say anything.
‘... I am, however, in control of all your lovely assets ... Because, I am not a stupid person and would not just hand over eight million dollars, of hard eared money, to a complete and utter fucking child such as yourself ...’
My diamond hard eyes bore into his face as I leant against the wooden surface, hands clasped together to make one, big fist.
‘Now, I suggest you get your shit together and decide where you would like your life to take you next, because, as of this second, you have a fork in your road ... You can either, get with the programme, being there when you have rehearsals and other important shit planned, or, you can jump the next plane back to Nowhere Land, so you can go sign-on with all the other poor bastards.’
I smiled in my sweet, little way, my eyes not melting for that fact.
‘... That’s all the fucking choices you have right now, boy, and whether I’m ya bloody mother, or not, I will have respect in this house ... Take it or leave it, the choice is yours ... The only other one you have is, pack up all your crap and bugger off now ...You are walking a very fine line, just by standing here having this conversation with me, and we will finish this, I can promise you that ...’
I turned towards my room, Ziggy moving to follow me. Thinking of something I stopped in my tracks and turned my head over my shoulder.
‘Oh, one last thing ... Keep the fuck away from AJ Tate ... She’s out of your league ... If you get any more involved with her, I will not be impressed ... And, yes, I know, I know everything ... Do you hear me?’
There was no reply.
‘I said ... Do you hear me?’ I repeated, only slower and slightly louder.
Terri couldn’t see me but he heard the sneer in my second asking.
‘Yes,’ he spat, ‘I hear ya ...’
There was only one word said, and then I was gone, it was, ‘... Good ...’

The door rattling woke Terri from an uncomfortable slumber. There seemed to be a draft wafting through from somewhere. It was cold, just the same as the howling wind that was whipping the hell out of the firs beyond his darkened room in the lodge.
I had suggested he convert the biggest of the guest suites into his permanent digs. He’d redecorated with a little of his money. Buying his own paint and equipment and, between them all, the boys, Beth and me, we managed to get it looking pretty good.
The door and its constant tap-tapping dragged Terri’s carcass from his crash site. Shrugging a hoodie over his shoulders he waddled out in his boxers for the reason why there was a gale force wind running like a freight train along from the den. As soon as he reached it, he got it.
The den doors were thrown open and I was stood looking into the gathering gale that was hitting the side of the mountain above us. There was no rain, just a cold wind that moved the trees in a frantic dance, their neighbour just as confused regarding the next step. Heads raked from side to side against a star studded sky, their lowly wale an eerie ode into the endless night.
I was stood, arms wrapped around myself, red shawl to my shoulders, bunny slippers on my feet, hair wrapping itself around my face as if as alive as those trees. Randomly a hand would lift to brush away the strands straying to my lashes, a movement I seldom knew I made.
Terri seemed confused at first, as though he were dreaming the image. Blinking several times sort of helped, but the booze had left a haze across his brain, as he knew it would.
I was singing a song to the wind, one he sort of knew. Yep, it was definitely an Ea$y track. What one was it? That was it, On The Bridge. Wow, and I had a good voice, real good. He listened until I’d finished, not wanting to break the moment.
He’d never seen me like that before. He always thought of me as a bit of a hard-arse. Yeah, I had my soft side, but you didn’t really see it that much, not really. Except when I was in the company of the boys, then it was different, Stevie especially. I seemed to be so alive around him the most.
It was at that moment he realised just how much I must still missed Max, his Dad. There I was, standing on the balcony in sub-zero temperatures, a shawl round my shoulders, singing to a wind that could blow cattle over. Either I was completely nuts or I missed him with my whole being.
‘Wow,’ he thought, ‘that’s love for ya ...’
‘I know you’re there, I can feel your presence ...’
My words were spoken into the void before me, the darkness a troubled blanket of noise and shifting trees.
Terri remained silent. ‘Is she talking to my Dad?’ he thought.
Finally I turned and looked at him, my eyes changing hue.
‘No, you, silly ... Although he is over there,’ I grinned, my eyes suddenly alive and almost pale blue as my head nodded to my right.
‘What?’ he questioned, as his flicked to the dog’s silhouette and back.
‘Nothing,’ I chuckled to myself.
‘And don’t do that ... I hate it when you do that,’ he whined, moving to the opened door and leaning a shoulder against its frame.
‘Do what?’ I asked, looking almost hurt by his comment.
‘That read my mind crap ... You don’t know how weird that really is,’ he frowned, his face turning towards the light of the coming dawn just seen beyond the land to the east.
I took the few steps between us and gently rested a hand on his leaning shoulder.
‘Terri, honey, don’t worry, I don’t read minds, I just sense presences, it’s totally different ... Look at it like, I feel you ... I was the same with your Dad, and it’s the same with Stevie and your Nana Beth, and several others ... Sorry if it freaks you out, but I can’t change it ... Sometimes, believe me, I wish I bloody well could, but, I just can’t,’ I smiled, my hand dropping as I moved towards the kitchen.
As the low light flicked on, Terri watched me retrieve mugs and start to make cocoa on the hob. My movements were fluid as I stirred and hummed my way through the preparation. He closed the doors to the raging night and wandered towards the counter to await his hot, sweet beverage. It soon landed before him, a huge marshmallow floating in the top. We took a few short sips before another word was said, the pleasure all resting in the mugs at hand.
‘I’m sorry, I’m such a dick sometimes ... And I’m sorry I hurt you, and I’m sorry I let those people down ... Don’t give up on me ... Give me another chance ... Please ...’
His boyish face held his remorse. It was there, as there as the counter between us. Dropping his eyes he looked at the mug in his hands before holding it to his lips again. He still couldn’t meet my gaze. He felt like a child on a different planet in a different galaxy. Lost is probably the best word to use.
I did a funny sort of snorted laugh and grinned at him across the counter, shaking my head.
‘Bloody hell ... Nearly every time you open your sodding mouth you come out with a line your father would have either used or been proud of ... What is it with you lately? ... Have you been spending time with your Uncle Stevie again, hmmm?’ I enquired, the grin still hanging there, my hand coming up to rest on my hip, my head dropping to one side slightly.
Terri’s eyes came up to mine, that innocent look fooling no one.
‘No, I haven’t seen Uncle Stevie for ages, maybe a fortnight, I’m not sure ... But I am, you know, sorry, for being such a twat and not thinking about the others ... You’re right, it was all about me, and I shouldn’t have been disrespectful to you either ... Can you forgive me?’
His sincerity showed in his eyes, his demeanour, his actions, mainly that shifting feet thing he was known to do.
My smile had nearly gone, my eyes holding admiration for him if anything. He’d seen where he’d screwed up. But didn’t kids do that kind of stuff? I did that kind of stuff. I screwed up all the time. Isn’t it all part of growing up?
‘Yeah, I know you are, kid ... So, one more chance is all you get ... Fuck up, again, and I’ll send ya to your Granma’s, with ya all ya shit in a sack and a good riddance card, okay!’ I grinned, my hand still resting on my hip.
Terri smiled, ‘Yeah, okay ... No more fucking up and a lot more getting my shit together ... I read you loud and clear, and I want it to work, I really do, I just got a little carried away there ... It won’t happen again, Tee, I promise ...’
He fell quiet. His words had been said.
I looked at him standing there, the shadows to his face, his hair getting longer, and fairer, as the weeks passed. He had a beard appearing, the signs of a week of hotel jumping. Looking at him in his boxers, I clocked his mannerisms. The boy was a Manley to the core and there was no two ways about that fact.
‘Are they our final words on the matter then? ... I let you off this time because you promise not to screw up again,’ I smiled.
Terri smiled back in a way that made his eyes twinkle in the low light.
‘I promise ...’ he chuckled.
‘And you’ll stay away from AJ ... Like I asked you?’
I wasn’t grinning anymore. The silence after that question continued for a little longer than I had wished for. My mug landing on the counter bounced Terri back into himself, he was lost our there, somewhere, with the mention of that name.
‘Terri ...?’ I tried again.
‘Yeah, I heard you ... And, yeah ... I’ll stay away ... Like you asked,’ he replied, his eyes coming to rest on mine with the last of his words.
The look on his face suggested he wasn’t very happy about saying them but, say them he did. 
‘Okay then, that’s good, we like that reply ... Oh, and just so you know ... My mother was the same as me, with the feelings thing. She was a hard, part Irish, woman, had the sight and all that crap. She was all about doom though. I hated hearing it. She would be the first to know if someone was on the out, you know, about to croak it, only, she didn’t know who ...’
More sips disappeared from the mugs. The Tennessee Fire was dragged out and a dram added to each chocolaty drink. Another sip and the grins grew with the duet hum of agreement in perfect harmony. Silence for a moment, while the indulgence continued. Terri finally broke it with his low voice.
‘You never talk about your life before Dad ... I know about Shay, your first husband, but I don’t know anything about your childhood or where you grew up ... What gives with that? ... Were you, like, some kid that grew up in a sect or something?’
He was serious, there was no grinning, no mockery, and he genuinely seemed interested.
‘Nah,’ I chuckled, ‘though I guess you could have called my Mother a sect. I used to call her lots of different stuff, sect might’ve been one of them.’
The laugh had returned to my eyes again. Although it was a hellish past it somehow amused me to talk about it on the odd occasion.
He looked down as if ashamed to ask.
‘Did she, you know, hit you?’
‘Nah, she never struck out, not like that ... She used her vile mouth at different volumes instead. She was always a bitter and twisted person, Terri, very bitter and twisted. I don’t know why, she just was ... Lost in her own world for most of the time, that one ... I was always looking for a reason for her being that strange, but Pops said it was just the way some people are ... Odd in the head, he called it ... She was never really a Mum to me, but she was a Mother, without a doubt,’ I grinned, almost to myself, but not quite.
Glancing up at him I smiled with all the warmth that was ever there.
‘I choose not to recall my childhood ... It’s in the past, no going back and no making it right ... If I could, your Dad would be standing here with us, right now, so, in a get through it kinda way, I try not to beat myself up over things I can’t ever change ... All I can do is try to build on what I have to make it all it can be ... Even more so after the heart attack. Why? ... Were you beaten at home, Terri?’
The concern reached over with the warm hand that came to rest on his wrist.
‘No ... No, I wasn’t ... But I dated a girl, once, who was ... I wanted to kill her old man ... He was just an overweight bully-boy who didn’t have the balls to pick on a guy his own size, the rotten coward ...’
Terri had that tone to his voice, the tone I knew all too well.
‘Yeah, well, all in the past now, honey ... Right?’ I nodded, my hand not moving except for the random pats.
I was talking to the top of his head, his chin nearly to his chest.
‘Anyway, come on, young man, bed ... We can do this later ...’
Empty mugs had hot water added and were placed in the sink. Doors were locked and lights turned out. Arms slid round waists as step-mum and step-son wandered the corridor to the remaining night’s sleep.
And all that time Ziggy was awake throughout that entertaining event. He didn’t stir or stagger from his supasofa. He was quite content listening to the sounds of the uprights with his eyes closed.
And there was that aroma again, just like down in the studio and in his uprights sleeping place. Yep, no mistaking that smell, that would be with him for life. That whiff smelt like home.
~
There’s a funny lull in the time between Thanksgiving and the beginning of December, it’s a bit like the one between New Year and Easter in England. Everybody knows what is imminent, in the coming month of December, but not everybody is getting into the Christmas spirit. The preparation seems to start earlier every year, let’s face it, and, for some, it’s not all about gifts, stockings and candy canes. For some, it’s all about what that time of year represents.
I don’t like my birthday (Dec 1st) or Christmas, in fact, I hate and detest them with a passion, no, a burning passion, because it’s all hot and fiery and never dies down.
No, what I like is when thick snow starts to coat my world, crunchy and cold, up to an ankle then up to a knee. I always have, whether in England or the Rockies. Both destinations have their own appeal in their own unique way but, and you have to admit it, there isn’t anything like a guaranteed white festive season. In Canada you know, every year, you’re Christmas will be white. It sort of comes with the territory, literally. And that’s what I love most about that place, my guaranteed winter whiteness.
In the lead up to my birthday I found myself with tasks to complete, places to go and people to see. Meetings with Craig Taylor had whisked me off to Vancouver and Toronto. Craig and I attended a conference in Dallas, some business award ceremony in New York, and ran a three day seminar in Edmonton all in ten days. At one point I was convinced my feet hadn’t actually touched down since a past life.
One person I wanted to see was Mike McCall. We’d bumped into each other several days earlier on my way back from another long haul flight. He shouted something about the huge tree he had on the back of his truck. I couldn’t quite hear it all so promised myself I’d go see what he wanted. Thinking about it afterwards, I vaguely remembered offering my services to deck the bar with boughs of something. Old, knackered tinsel and faded paper chains probably.
With the coming of the winter came a change of vehicle. Summertime wheels had been replaced by those that would contend with the vast drifts of moving white powder and sub-zero temperatures. The 4x4 had no problem with the snow-coated strip of lane to Bookshop Corner. I was happy to be out and about for a while, stuff still needed doing.
Ziggy didn’t move from his spot by his lovely open fire, there was no way he was putting his feet in that cold, powdery, white concoction. There were only two reasons he would even go out in that stuff, and he knew he could do them uber quick when he wanted. Just how quick though? Well, he was so quick he was back inside before his warm little paws froze to blocks of brown fluffy ice. That’s how quick.
I left him to it as I wrapped myself in teddy bear fur and pulled on Alaskan boots and my Russian hat. I needed things from the deli and had planned on picking some other items up while I was at it. There were no beers left, I wanted more Cheese Whip, mmm, and there couldn’t be a breakfast without rashers to accompany my homemade pancakes and tinned maple syrup. Screw the diet, it was winter, and when it hits that minus twenty-seven mark you need some lard on your body, you can’t survive without it.
My actions of walking across the drive to the 4x4 sent out that lovely sound of crunching crystals, the ricochet of my own movements engulfing me as I moved. The chill seeped in and under loose cuffs, filtering into the bones leaving once warm skin aching and raw. Snow blindness can sent you crazy in a matter of hours, the reflection making the sunlight change hues with the time of day. As it grows darker the world turns to an amazing shade of blue, an incredible thing to witness, never to be forgotten.
The drive into town was the same old road just whiter, up to the fences, up to the gates, trees caked, hedges camouflaged, and the world in suspended animation for the long months to come.
My space outside Winnie’s shop was empty, as usual, so I parked in it, as usual. Amelia popped into my head. I would have bothered but for the closed sign sitting in its slot behind the door glass. Maybe tomorrow then, if I remembered, that is.
I moved on to the deli, spent fifty bucks in there, then the liquor store, another fifty bucks down. After dumping it all in the 4x4 I wandered down to the bar.
I wasn’t expecting to see any decorations up. Least of all, I didn’t expect to see them up and the tree looking amazing in the corner. Bright white lights sparkled at the core of the perfectly potted specimen freshly cut the day I saw Mike in town.
A white star adorned its top, lit from within and glowing softly, the effect quite elegant. Icicles hung from branches that had been sprayed with fake snow, their crystal edges catching and fragmenting the fairy lights, their twinkles enough to hold your gaze as if an excited child.
The laughter from the back room broke the silence. No need to call his name then, he’s in his office by the sounds of that girly giggle.
Walking towards the kitchen, I turned left and ambled down the short corridor to the cupboard Mike called his office. It housed a desk, a chair, a filing cabinet, a set of mobile drawers and a standard fan that never worked and, basically, that was all the available space consumed.
Standing with my back against the wall, I leant at an angle that allowed me to see into the office come cupboard. Well, the surprises just kept on springing up, didn’t they?
Sat on Mike’s desk, with her skirt to the top of her thighs, was Winnie’s niece, Amelia. Mike was stood between her legs with his hands slowly skipping down her bare legs while he kissed her neck and face.
I had seen enough. Turning I walked back to the door hoping to make a quiet escape. Sadly, that wasn’t the case. My trailing coat caught the tray stack and sent them falling to the floor with a crescendo of crashing aluminium.
Two words fell from my once silent mouth.
‘... Oh, shit...’
Mike appeared, flushed, an angry look on his face and a baseball bat in his hand. I knew all about baseball bats, I’d swung one, once, to great effect. It left a Merc with an unordered lowered roof. I was hoping I might not resemble a brand new Merc in that instance.
‘... WHAT THE FUCK ...’
Mike stopped in his tracks when he saw me, on my knees, trying very hard to scrape together the scattered trays fanned out on the floor.
‘... Oh, man, it’s you ... Thank God ... Ya nearly stopped my damn heart, woman ...’
He saw me struggling with my task and joined me, the baseball bat being leant against the wall next to him.
‘... Here, let me help ya there ...’
‘I’m so sorry, Mike ... I only popped in to see what it was you shouted at me across the street the other day ... I couldn’t hear you properly because of the damn traffic ... Was it important?’ I asked, handing the trays over to be put back in their rightful place near the end of the bar.
Standing up Mike looked down at me.
‘Nah, it weren’t important ... I was just gonna say about doing the tree ... Well ... See,’ he babbled, scratching his head as he thought of the right words to use.
I stood and looked at him, smiling.
‘It’s okay, I kinda worked it out looking around the place ... It looks really nice, Mike ... Did you do it yourself in the end?’
I knew the answer to that one, but thought I would ask, all the same.
‘Well ... I did have some help ...’
He didn’t get to say who, she announced it for him.
‘... Me ...’
Amelia stepped around the wall and slowly ran her hand down Mike’s arm to curl her fingers around his, the action reciprocated. She smiled down at me still knelt on the floor.
‘Mike did all the high up stuff, and I did the tree and the stuff round the bar ... Looks great, doesn’t it?’ she beamed, her eyes skipping to different points, the tree included.
I rose from my knees, the position somehow demeaning. My eyes made the same movements around the space.
‘Yes, yes it does, very effective ... I really like the white lights on the tree and the way you’ve wound them round the pillars and eaves ... The mantelpiece looks pretty with the stockings and candles, understated but festive, well done you guys ... So,’ I rubbed my hands together quickly as I grinned at my friendly bar owner, ‘can we have a lovely, festive drink to celebrate then?’ I winked, my eyes twitching and winking in the bar’s direction and then back to Mike.
Something I had noted, Amelia had Mike in one of those possession grips as if to say, ‘He’s mine ... Put down the trays and back the fuck away, bitch ...’
Mike took the hint though, and smiled, ‘Yeah, a festive drink ... To the tree ... And the lights ...’
He moved away from me, and the one who had welded herself to his side, and proceeded to produce a round of drinks, Jack for him and me, Vodka and soda for Amelia.
From there the atmosphere became weirder. Amelia went back to the space at Mike’s side, not leaving unless for the ladies. He and I had a rather stinted conversation of short sentences and one word answers. It was more than I could take after twenty minutes. It was time to move on home, and probably a wise idea, taking the weather into consideration.
I made a quiet exit. Amelia smiled but her eyes spat flames upon my farewell. Mike finished his drink, hugged me quickly, and made ready to open for the night.
And no one was rude, and everyone was very nice but, when I finally left the building that evening, it was as if fresh air was forced back into my starving lungs. Talk about not breathe for a bloody week. After leaving them two behind, in that big stuffy room, suddenly there was oxygen again. The sigh of relief, after escaping that atmosphere, was a gasp of freedom never taken before.
Seeing the neon sign burst into life made me chuckle aloud.
‘Amelia Carmichael, aye ...Well, well, Mike McCall, you dirty old dog ... Get in there, my friend,’ I laughed to myself, wandering back to my snow covered ride home, back to my dog, back to the warmth, back to my bacon and beer.
~
Ricky Myers had travelled a very, very long way. He’d left the warm peach growing weather of the South to freeze in sub-zero temperatures of Canada. In his eyes, the sooner the trip was done, the sooner he could get his ice-cubed ass outta Snowsville, and back to the heated side of life. Ricky Myers hated and detested the cold. He was a sun-bunny, and always would be.
He told himself he only had to endure those freakish temperatures whilst he did three cities in three days, Calgary, Edmonton and, lastly, Vancouver. Three days, that was all, just three unbearable, minus twenty something, snow caked days, and then he was done, outta there, vamoose baby, so long amigos, adios, ya suckers. And, as he was driven from Calgary to Canmore, he was sure the temperature dropped yet again. If he’d asked himself the question once, he’d asked it a million times, ‘Are these Canucks crazy or what?’
He sat in silence, a driver at the wheel, him in the back rereading the proposal for the achievement award the Investors had come up with. Yet another brainchild to highlight yet another dead muso no one really cared about anymore. Who was this guy anyway?
Ricky looked at the laptop precariously balanced on his knees, his research being done whilst on the flight and undertaking his current journey. There, that was his name, Max Manley, that’s the guy. He killed himself in some freak car accident. Left a rich widow, some English chick, a writer/artist apparently, an attractive woman, or so he’d heard.
Said muso was also quite young at his time of death, his whole Rock Star story right there before Ricky’s very eyes. He decided to undergo a little more exploration prior to reaching his first of three destinations. It seemed only right, there’s nothing worse than getting the guy’s name and history wrong.
His information slid sideways a little as they manoeuvred into the traffic of an awakening city. Through and gone, they sped, to connect with 16 Ave North West and the highway to the Rockies. And still the silence.
He smiled to himself thinking, ‘Only a few more hours of this shit, Ricks, that’s all, pal, that’s all.’
The sky was sapphire blue, deep, pretty, a pleasure to be below. The sun shone, a glorious orb, the heat felt behind glass, because the moment you stepped outside, the wind could freeze your eyelids open, and that’s scary for a moment until you find somewhere warm to blink. How did he know this? It’s one of the first things that happened when he walked out into a temperature that turns your snot to icicles. It was so cold his nuts snuggled up next to his kidneys. That’s how cold it was.
He watched the slushy grey city give way to a wonderful winter wonderland. He suddenly knew why they all had massive pick-up trucks with tires as broad as a bull’s butt, and tread so deep you could camp in the ruts. He got it, and it wasn’t a throwback, redneck type of thing after all. What it all came down to was the damn weather.
‘Six months of this crap? Man, they must be crazy,’ he thought as they hit the highway.
Within minutes of the driver pulling ahead of the residue traffic they seemed alone in a world coated with extra white frosting. Occasionally tracks of man or beast would be seen, a farm, a homestead, helicopter ride signs piled high in powdery white flakes.
Coaches were passed, packed with people heading for the slopes, rosy faced and eager to get going. The mountains appeared from their blanketed surroundings perfect against the clearest of crystal blue skies. This was the first time Ricky spoke since getting into the 4x4. It was also the first time he’d seen such breath-taking mountains close up.
‘Ho-ly shit ... Ricky is in the Rockies ...’
His driver, Joey, heard the comment, glanced sideways whilst smiling, and then went back to his road watching.
‘Ya think that’s wild ... Wait till ya see Manley Lodge, mate,’ Joey dropped in over his shoulder and his passenger’s sudden silence. ‘... Ya ain’t seen nothing yet ...’ he chuckled.
So, the rest of the journey was a pretty non-verbal one. The odd word popped from Ricky. He was suddenly humble, more so the nearer they got and the higher they climbed. His attention was drawn to that world beyond those windows, his eyes taking it all in and storing the magnificence for later. His phone camera was repeatedly pointed, another sight to behold.
‘The guys back home would never appreciate this shit,’ slipped from his lips.
Snowy peaks gave way to frozen lakes and trees melded into blocks that seemed to form huge encapsulated monsters. Yet, when the temperature dropped a little more, Ricky didn’t even notice. He had his nose to the window, watching the world, squinting when the sunlight bounced back to blind him. Jeez, it was truly amazing, truly.
Joey’s passenger remained transfixed for the rest of the journey to the lodge. His middle aged eyes fed on the beauty created from floating frozen water particles and a relatively dry surface. The shapes produced were a thing in themselves, everything encased in white marshmallow coats just ready to be squeezed or poked to make a dimple. Ricky had suddenly found the remaining child within.
The smile Joey saw touch the Yank’s lips, in his rear view mirror, said exactly where he was in his head. Joey understood okay. He still has that look every so often, even after all these years.

For three hours Stevie and I cleared snow from the front of the lodge, three cold, wet, hilarious, snow-angel filled hours of creating paths and parking. How stoned were we? Pretty much just about standing-stoned, as it happens. You’d also have to be aware of the half dozen Jack laced coffees that seemed to be included in the equation. You had to keep warm somehow. Man, if it was cold enough to freeze boogers, so lots of hot beverages, with a little kick, were all that was really needed. To do the job properly you had to get your priorities right.
Yep, we knew there was a big-wig coming up from the south to see us about another award. Yep, we also knew it was another one for Max’s contribution to music and, so, would involve another speech filled evening of posh frocks and famous people, all out-glitzing and out-gushing one another with their newly veneered pearly whites and copious amounts of bionic bling.
Another reason why we endeavoured to get so stoned was so we could tolerate the drivel laden hours to come with the American, Armani suited, blow-hole that was about to gate-crash our lives for a day. And that’s partly why there was a meandering path that led you in a zigzag, from left to right, from the nicely cleared parking area all the way to the bottom of the lodge’s steps and, my, how it meandered.
Looking back at our neatly performed caper, we smiled at our achievement. Its snakelike, knee high alley was the only way to gain access to the huge wooden palace plonked on a studio.
We heard it as Ziggy did, the 4x4 was a comin. Stevie and I looked at each other, our smiles turning to foolish frowns, our fun finally over. It was time to come down and grow up again. We very much doubted that would be the case, but we nodded at the suggestion and awaited the guy in his expensive suit.
I watched as Ziggy wound his way, from one side over to the other, hoping to be there to meet and greet in his usual fashion, with his tail wagging and silly little chat barks. When the car pulled to a halt before him, he was at the point of his tail unscrewing and his bum dropping off in all the excitement.
‘Oh, well ... At least the dog’s happy to see him,’ I chuckled, my eyes not leaving the car.
Joey climbed out and smiled over at the pair of us all wrapped up in huge puff jackets and Alaskan boots. We made him smile, us crazy fools.
Opening the rear passenger door, their guest stepped and stretched from the vehicle, his eyes casting around him in wonder, the view beyond belief.
Sat before him was the most amazing log cabin he’d ever seen. As big as a mansion, with windows, floor to ceiling, it nested in a place of true beauty. Blanketed in sparkling white, the hillside of Douglas firs stood sky high and, far into the distance across the mountainside, they disappeared into the blank canvas, lost for the months to come.
A dog at his side demanded his attention and, once appreciated, wandered the path back to the two puff jackets across from him. It was bitter in the shade but, once in the sunshine, it wasn’t quite so bad. Ricky finally focused on his hosts, our hoods now down, the sun on our faces, our smiles beaming.
I lifted a hand and waved a slow wave from side to side, my grin still there.
‘That’s Ziggy, by the way, he’s the welcoming party,’ I chuckled aloud, my eyes red for some reason. ‘Hi, I’m Tee ... This dude, here, is Stevie ...’
Stevie lifted a hand and waved in much the same way as I had, his cheesy grin making his eyes crinkle up a little, the effort more than he could handle. His hand dropped to his side again.
‘Yoh, Joe ... Thanks,’ I smiled across the expanse of yard.
Joey lifted a hand and casually saluted me suggesting it was all cool.
‘Hi, guys ...’
The suit’s hand lifted to wave back, he didn’t know why.
‘... I don’t know if you remember me? ... I’m Ricky Myers ... We met at the CMA Awards, about four years ago ...’
He paused, looking at the path before him.
‘... I think you might be expecting me ... I’m here to see you about the award proposal,’ he smiled, feebly.
It carried the distance as he focused on me, his hazel eyes capturing every angle of me. Wow, I was real pretty, even in a puff jacket and guy’s work boots. How can some girls just do that? Some girls can have paint in their hair, or mud on their hands and face and still look damn hot. I was one of those girls. Hardhat or high heels, I still held a room ransom for a smile.
‘Yep, we knew ya were coming,’ Stevie spoke at last. ‘Been clearing the yard all morning, just for you ... See?’ he grinned, a hand lifting to show all the hard work done in the hours leading up to Ricky’s arrival.
I giggled like the girl I really am. My hand went to my mouth in a lousy attempt to hide my amusement. I found it funny.
‘Yeah,’ Ricky replied, looking at the path that sat before him, side to side, four times the distance it needed to be, ‘looks like you been real busy getting it all neat and tidy ... I can see ya made a real big effort on my part ... But, really, you shouldn’t have, guys ... As nice as it is ...’
Stevie and I looked at Ricky then at each other again, then back at Ricky. The eruption of laughter from the two stoners was heard as an echo down the quiet mountainside. Somewhere, in the distance, it might even have caused an avalanche, possibly. Regardless of that fact, it was quite loud laughter.
Ricky turned to Joey, an index finger lifting to point in our direction.
‘What was funny about that? ... Tell me? Was that funny? Did I say something that was that funny? Did I?’ he questioned.
Joey was leant against the 4x4, arms crossed.
‘What can I say, Mister Myers ... Welcome to Manley Lodge, enjoy ya stay,’ he chuckled, moving towards the driver’s door.
‘Jesus, you’re not leaving me here are you? Not with them two? Aren’t ya staying, until this is over, to take he to my hotel?’ Ricky questioned, the panic almost heard in his voice.
The thought of being stranded, there, with two crazy crack-heads wasn’t riding high on his hit list.
‘Worry not, Mister Myers, I will return for ya at 3 p.m. ... So, you go have ya few hours to win those nutters round ... And good luck with that today, judging by this little lot and the look on their faces,’ he chuckled. ‘Oh, and don’t make any sudden moves towards the queen of the castle, or her dog will have ya nuts off ... He’s a vicious little fucka really,’ Joey laughed, as he climbed into his seat, the window coming down for his continued conversation.
‘Oi, mad Manlies, I’m gonna chip ... Gotta run a few errands, then go see Batsey about that job in Edmonton, should be about, I dunno, a good four hours ... Is that good with you guys?’ he called across the drive to us.
Stevie flapped a hand in his general direction, saying, ‘Yeah ... That should give us enough time to do this ... It ain’t any different to the other ones, and ya so know it ... See ya later ...’
He turned to me, still stood beside him.
‘... I’m gonna go make more coffee ... Same again for you, is it?’ he grinned.
‘Yeah, nice one, bro ... What about what’s his gob over there? ... He’ll want one too, won’t he?’ I replied, my grin matching his, my eyes sparkling from the cold, pale blue, as pale as the sky.
I turned towards Ricky as he made his way along the winding path of white, away from the reversing 4x4, away from the cold shade of the trees.
‘... Okay, Joey ... Catch ya later, be good ... And drive safe, ya mad muppet,’ I called, as the 4x4 made ready to leave.
‘Yeah ... And don’t break him too quick, aye! ... Make him last a few hours, at least,’ Joey laughed as he drove for the exit.
Ricky’s head came up as he digested Joey’s parting words.
‘What did he just say?’ he asked, his index finger pointing in the direction of the accelerating engine roaring off up the drive.
I chuckled, ‘Argh, nothing ... He was just pretending to be funny ... Hey, Stevie’s making a fresh coffee, you want in?’
Ricky’s face turned towards me, his smile quite a sight to see on a lovely sunny day.
‘Well, that’s the nicest words I’ve heard in a while ... I think I might want in on that, yes, please ... And if someone else is making, then most defiantly, that sounds great to me ... Thank you,’ he beamed, as he finally reached me at the bottom of the steps. ‘Oh, and that’s a real bitch to walk after the flight I just had, but I like it, nice touch, I like your style there ... Very good, very good indeed ... And the snow-angels ... Wow, they so rock ... No, really ...’
And so the banter continued, up the steps, along the decking, past the awesome view across mountain and pass, and into the warmth of a comfy home. Coffee was consumed, Jack or not, smokes were smoked and judgements revised. Actually, he wasn’t such an ass. Actually, Ricky Myers was a rather nice guy.

‘No, sorry, you’ve misunderstood me, let me rephrase that ... It’s not an award going to Max ... No, this award will be given in his name ... We, the governing body of Amalgamated Musicians of Tennessee, thought to call it The Max Manley Young Musicians Award ... How does that sound?’
Ricky was animated as he spoke. Then he started the sell.
‘A.M.T are first in line regarding the hard work required to pull together the best of the best regarding our young musicians, then we can show the world what’s coming next. Some of these kids are truly gifted, and in so many ways. Their talents need to be seen and then acknowledged, worldwide ... And, as a great man once said, the children are our future, and I believe they’ll keep all genres of music alive, country, rock, mainstream pop, the whole damn hoop and, I also believe, those that showed the way and inspired us all, they deserve to be recognised in the same way too ... Oh, and the lucky young recipient, or group, also receives a fantastic cash prize, plus a specially designed ornament to place in a nice cabinet someplace ...’
The sudden silence was intoxicating. He was selling it to the max, excuse the pun there, and our silence was just what Ricky needed to hear.
‘... We’d value your consent and input, as ever ... The whole family’s feelings, regarding this, come first ... None of this is cast in stone until you give the go-ahead ... We would like to do this, Misses Manley, Mister Manley, Tee, Stevie ... It would be an honour too ... Max was a good man, a fantastic musician, a gifted song writer, a larger than life character. He was one of my favourites, I must admit, and he always had time for me, in the instances that we did meet ... He will be greatly missed ... And I, myself, will remember him fondly,’ he lied.
All this time Stevie and I sat in silence as the crap poured from the suit before us. He’d jumped to his feet, at one point, and went into one about how it would be an amazing way to have Max live on. This made us both chuckle. Max, live on! We couldn’t get away from him it seemed. How many awards? Seven since his death, and counting, wasn’t it?
I, as I listened, rolled two joints and passed one to Stevie without thinking about it. What was mine was also his, nothing changed. I watched the suit doing his stuff. I listened, nodded, pulled faces and smiled a lot. To have Max’s name attached? Wow, I was impressed thus far.
With the last of Ricky’s words a sound guffawed into the room. It was Stevie. He was laughing, and it was a loud side-splitting laugh, one that sounded as if it had been held in for way too long already.
‘Always had time for ya ... Bullshit ... He hated your fucking guts, man,’ Stevie erupted. ‘The last time you occupied the same room as Max he made ya look like a real ... How do ya say it, Tee? ... Dick?’
I nodded my confirmation as I sat back in the leather couch, eyes squinting in the sunlight that gushed through the huge panes of glass running a wall to my left. One arm was wedged, bent, behind my head as I smoked my joint in silence. My ankles were crossed, resting on the huge coffee table that lay a sea of light wood between him and us. I blinked and puffed, blinked and puffed, but I was listening, oh, yes, I was listening alright.
Then Stevie continued with, ‘Yeah, I remember you ... Years ago ya used to work for Anton Magyar at Moon Gate Records ... Talent Scout back then, weren’t ya?’ he grinned, but he hadn’t quite finished. ‘As I recall, didn’t ya try telling Max how to update his image without losing his style.’
Stevie glanced at me, grinning.
‘... And can ya guess what Max’s reply to that was?’
My gaze swung round to meet Stevie’s, my head slowly swaying from side to side, my face suddenly taking on a worried look, my lower lip turning out slightly. My reply came in a voice I would use when talking to my small nephew, baby like, sympathetic, comforting.
‘Did Maxy say something nasty to the big bad man? Did it make him go away?’
I took a last pull from my spliff before putting it out. Grey eyes moved up to a rather silent Ricky looking ashen and on the verge of some kind of implosion. He paced back to the couch and flopped down into the seat. He looked tired and deflated.
‘Okay ... We get where ya coming from, we do,’ I smiled. ‘You have this award, you want to pin Max’s name to it, and then give it to the brightest young star you can muster from the highest record sales ... I like that ...’ I turned to Stevie, ‘Do you like that?’ I asked.
‘Yeah, I like that ... That’s nice ... A nice thought, a nice gesture ... Yeah, real nice,’ Stevie replied, the word nice used repeatedly mainly for effect.
‘Yeah,’ I reaffirmed, turning my pretty face towards the wall of daylight, ‘nice ... No, I really do like it ... I do ...’
Ricky finally smiled as he finished his cold coffee with its splash of Jack. He was feeling better somehow, regardless of the recent events and regardless of his frayed temper. The flight had worn off a little after the hot black beverage with a dash. Well, it certainly hadn’t done any harm. Sadly, he could feel himself fading fast, his journey and the hours on the hoof had left him pretty much rinsed out. Tired, he was damn near meltdown. Sitting forward on his seat, his elbows came to rest on his knees.
‘Look, regardless of our history, I’m glad you like it, cuz this is quite a big thing we’re asking of you here ... Handing us your name in this way, that’s a big deal, and it needs serious consideration, I would be the same ...’
He looked from one face to another, his fingertips locking together as he spoke.
‘... Take the proposal away, read it, think about it, talk about it ... Get the family’s opinion ... Say, call me in a week, maybe ten days ... We’d like to have it in place for next summer’s ceremony, if that’s possible, so we’re talking eight months’ time, if you’re okay with that too, of course ...’
Ricky stood when Ziggy appeared and growled at the door. The dog knew something. Was that a sweet engine sound that touched his tired, mile scoured ears? Yes, it was. Joey had returned and our time was up. He spoke as he pulled on his jacket, the Manley family members coming to join him and the dog at the door.
I stood with my arms crossed, weight on one hip, chestnut hair caught behind an ear, black cargo pants, oversized cardigan of the same colour, probably Max’s, which it was. I gazed out the window watching Joey approach as Stevie spoke and confirmed contact within a two week period. Time enough to think, Stevie believed.
Ricky was taking most of what was being said in, he nodded on cue, smiled and shook hands. In between comments he glanced in the direction of the quiet entity beside them. I seemed enclosed, shut in, a way away, a little lost.
On his journey to the designated Calgary hotel he had time to think about the last few hours and how the conversation had gone. He concluded that it could go either way and that nothing was settled until the ink dried on the document. Later he would call his PA, give her the lowdown, and confirm his flight for Vancouver early the next morning.
He knew if us Manlies didn’t take the deal there were others that would just jump at the chance, this he was certain of. Let’s face it, who wouldn’t want an accolade named after a loved one. Come on, it’s rarer than rocking horse shit. A warm tide slowly crawled up his suited chest as his thoughts returned to me and how lost I seemed.
‘Wow, she’s a pretty lady,’ he thought, ‘but a very sad one ... What a damn shame ...’

As the 4x4 rumbled off up the drive and out of sight, carrying its cargo of over after shaved Armani suit, I turned to Stevie, my smile almost as real as the American’s tan. My weary face was lit by the beautiful afternoon rays once more, the day slowly heading towards night.
‘You never did say what Max’s reply to Mister Myers was ... Did he kick off, or do one of his random acts on the poor bast’d?’ I asked.
Stevie was standing watching the sun drop towards the horizon, arms crossed and swaying slowly, side to side, grinning.
‘Arh, how ya knew my brother so well, little sister,’ he chuckled, still swaying. ‘As I recall, it was the night we got that Platinum Disk Award. You remember? Ya got snowed in at JFK and ended up flying to Dallas so you could meet us in Vegas, two days later ... Anyway, ya would of been real proud of him that night,’ he continued, ‘... Nah, Max didn’t trip out, or punch him ...’
‘What did he do, Stevie? ... Tell me,’ I probed, my eyes returning to the view I adored.
Stevie chuckled, ‘He was as cool as fucking ice ... He looked at the little fucka, smiling, then leant over, picked up the guys drink, rinsed his mouth with a slug, then squirted it back into the glass ... Not a word was said, and Mister Dickspit Myers just simply upped and walked the fuck away, no squeak, nothing, the damn wiener ...’
A low chuckle was heard from the slight frame caught in the fading light.
‘Oh, Max, you never let me down, do you? Amazing, bloody amazing ... He was all Rock Star, wasn’t he, your brother? ... He lived and breathed it, I swear,’ I giggled.
Stevie stopped his rocking and walked off towards the kitchen for one more coffee.
‘Hey, he didn’t deck the asshole, he was being good ... He had to be, ya weren’t there to keep him at heal ... I thought he did okay, considering he’d downed his age in shots, so ya gotta give him that.’
There was that snigger again.
‘Yeah, you have to give him that, you’re right,’ I smiled, as I came to rest at the counter, my hand reaching for my weed and papers. ‘Oh, and do you want to tell Ma or shall I? I don’t mind ringing her ... Although she does know a bit about some of it ... We spoke about the possibility of it happening a while back now?’
Stevie passed me a mug of good, strong coffee, the usual dash as requested.
‘Nah, you’re okay, I’ll do it ... I’ve gotta go over and check the pipes in the attic, so I’ll take the proposal with me and we can go over it together, Ma, Chels and me,’ Stevie decided.
It made sense doing it all together. The ladies could debate it while he made sure the cold water pipes were lagged properly, he knew his place.
‘So that’s settled then ... You do that and I’ll find a nice dress to wear ... What do you reckon this time? Shall we go ruby-red velvet, again, or try something new for a change?’ I smiled at my brother-in-law.
‘Mmm, well,’ he replied in his best lady-voice, a hand on one hip, ‘it’ll be summertime, so, maybe some nice light lemon chiffon ... Or, how ‘bout pretty pastel pink silk ...’
His hands came up to clasp together beside his cheek as his eyelashes fluttered.
‘Oh, my ... Decisions, decisions ... How will ya cope, honey-child, how will ya cope?’
~
The Christmas ending that year was a rather strange affair in many ways. There were a lot of things happening all over the show, as already partly explained, another of which was my birthday. The previous year had seen me abscond with AJ to party on down at a rave in some random warehouse in Edmonton. Stevie had been gutted that he’d not been included and his sour face had lasted for weeks over that one. Everybody wanted to do something, but not everybody agreed on what that was. And that was why I absconded.
Well, I did it again. I packed my case, left the dog with Winnie at short notice, and moseyed on out of town. I flew Calgary to Vancouver then onto LAX where I disappeared. Stevie, or Jac should I say, lost me at that point. Jac thought I’d jumped a major cab ride to do a fast one. He liked my style in outwitting Stevie. The lady was smart.
I reappeared three weeks later, two days before Christmas, and explained it all to a very annoyed Dan at the Christmas family dinner at Beth’s. Oh, dear, what a mess? Once it started it just exploded. It only happened because Terri asked me if I enjoyed my trip.
It was a simple enough question. He didn’t think it would start such a huge eruption with pointing fingers and hands clapped to mouths. Jeez, when we got going, boy, did we give it large. He sat and watched in awe as his Granma’s Christmas lunch was reduced to a shout fest. At one point he thought I might bitch slap Dan, but Stevie stepped in so I backed down.
‘How dare you start this now, Dan, and here of all bloody places ... Sorry Beth, seems the drink has had different effects on different people,’ I chided, my blood pressure trying to stabilize.
I stepped away and sat down, my sad, pale face showing little signs of colour. Even my eyes had lost their spark. They were hard and glassy, not a good sign. What worried those that really knew me was that my voice was still calm. All the shouting had been done by Dan and Stevie.
‘I want to know, now ... What the hell’s going on with you? Now we come this far we might as well put all the cards on the damn table ... And you been clenching yours so long ya fingers must be damn near numb.’
Dan’s tanned face was void of any Christmas cheer. He really was beyond deck the halls and Frosty the Snowman.
Stevie didn’t move until I did. They were all surprised when I turned in my seat and placed my face in my hands. The silence almost burnt eardrums. He turned slowly and looked down at his sister-in-law, his eyes softening. He held his breath not knowing what was coming next. There’s only so much excitement my heart would take before it decided to bail on me again. Stevie prayed it wouldn’t be at that moment in time.
There was this funny little sound. Slowly, it grew louder and louder, little by little. Were they hearing that right? Was I laughing? All eyes turned to me. Through my hands I spoke.
‘You still think I was with another guy, don’t you? And of all the hundreds of guys I know, which guy do you think I was with then, Mister, I’m Such A Smart Arse?
My hands came away from my face as I looked over at Dan, my smile hanging below misty eyes full of light.
‘... Come on then ... You’ve got all the answers, clearly,’ I chuckled.
Dan’s eyes skipped around the room. He was deflating with every second.
‘I don’t have a damn clue what the hell is going on ... I don’t know where ya been, who ya seen ... There was no answer on ya phone, but that mighta been cuz it was my number showing ... Ya mighta been hurt, ya mighta had another damn heart attack ... Ya mighta even been with Shay Blane, maybe he’s back on the scene, now ya been single awhile ...’
I laughed a horrid little spiteful laugh, as my eyes jumped from face to face then back to Dan’s.
‘Wow, and you reckon I sound like Max sometimes ...’
Suddenly I rose from my chair, its legs scraping back on the wooden floor, and stepping around Stevie, I took the few steps needed towards my quarry. My flint like eyes flicked to his burning face.
‘... Outside ... We need some us time, by the looks of things,’ was spat in my clipped, English accent.
For some reason I resembled an irritated Teacher giving orders to a stubborn pupil.
‘It’s about time you knew ... And if you want to know the truth, I’ll tell ya,’ I continued as I headed from the door. ‘Coming?’ I ordered.
Still no one spoke. Beth sat with a pregnant Chels and embarrassed Terri. The look on Beth’s face was rather sad, the other two wishing they were somewhere else. JR was crashed out in the wrapping paper after eating two portions of Aunty Tee’s chocolate trifle. Stevie had his back to the table watching everything, he still didn’t trust me, as calm as I sounded.
‘Okay,’ Dan stepped towards me, his loud sigh breaking the silence, ‘lead the way.’
His hand rose and motioned the route to take, through to the backdoor and into the white world beyond.
After pulling on my teddy bear coat and Alaskan boots, I walked into the overly iced expanse that was once a yard with trees and shrubs. Stood, seeing it then, there was no definition of plant. They were now snow clad forms as tall as trees or as short as sheds, rounded and entombed in their sparkling coats of frozen crystals. The only sound came from feet crunching into it. It bounced back and made the world seem hollow.
Dan spoke, not shouted, first.
‘So, where have ya been this time then? England ... Ireland ... Timbuk-fuckin-tu?’
He pulled on the sheepskin flying jacket that was new to his wardrobe. I had given it to him for Christmas, four hours earlier.
My right hand dropped to pull a nice little joint from my coat pocket. Lighting it, I inhaled slowly, held it a moment, exhaled slowly. Then I spoke.
‘I went to England, I went to New Orleans ... I even went to Ireland ... I did it all, except Timbuk-fuckin-tu ... And every step of the bloody way, I did on my own ... I’ve flown across this bloody world, back and forth, and it was just what I needed ... To get away from this horseshit.’
Turning, I looked at him for the first time.
‘Dan, you are one of the dearest people I know, I love you, I really do ...’
‘Just not in the way I want ya to,’ he finished for me, his eyes dropping as his hands pushed into his pockets.
It was cold, suddenly, inside and out.
Walking towards him I passed him the joint. I was smiling as I looked up at him. He took a long pull and grinned back.
‘Better?’ I asked, pulling my collar high against my neck and ears, engulfing me in teddy bear fur.
‘Yeah, yeah, it is, thanks ... And sorry ... I got a little carried away in there ... Hope you can forgive me? ... As hard as that might be, right now ...’
Dan’s eyes flicked to mine, and then away again, while he took another pull and exhaled the cloud into the freezing fading light.
‘Look,’ I turned away to the snow monsters sulking in the murky corners, ‘I’m sorry I’ve not been upfront with you ... And I’m sorry I’m not open, and that I’m kinda vague sometimes. I went home to do the Dad’s plot thing and catch up with the crew, like I do it every year for Dad’s birthday. I thought you knew that,’ I explained, my face in a bluish half shadow.
‘Anyway, from there, I flew straight to Cork, thereby helping Shane bury his deceased Mother ... Sadly, she died on my birthday after a brave fight against throat cancer ... Then, after a week there, I endured three shitty flights to reach New Orleans, where I closed down the house for winter, the same as I did last year, the same as I’ll do every stupid year until I die ... So, what exactly is the problem here then?’
I still didn’t turn, not until Dan passed me the joint back. Only then did I face him again. He tried a watery smile.
‘Couldn’t ya just tell me that though ... Instead of vanishing ... When ya need to go, go, that’s fine by me, but some notice, or something saying when ya might return, would be a nice idea ... People worry about ya, honey ... That’s all it is ...’
‘Thanks for caring, another reason why I love ya, Dan Foster,’ I replied, still smiling. ‘I know you’re not happy with what we have here, I can see that, and I get it, I really do ... I just don’t want to hurt you anymore ... It’s not how I wanted it to be for us ...’
Dan straightened, brave against the heavy cold slowly descending on us.
‘Tee, I couldn’t love somebody else, but, if this is how our life has to be, I’m not sure I wanna live in limbo ...’
He shifted from one foot to another and looked around him. The cold was touching his bones and he didn’t like it. He looked over at me and chuckled.
‘Can we be friends with benefits? That, I can do ... We can work it to our advantage when we have some spare time ... I can still you love, you can still love me, and we can still hump like crazy on the side ... Everyone’s happy, and no one gets in anyone’s face ... How does that sound?’
I turned towards the house that sat beyond the guy I had come to love in a strange way. He was right, there was love. It just wasn’t in the way he wanted it to be in. That thread, that open affection, it would always remain, forever and a day, I knew that.
‘Dan Foster, if your Mother could hear you now, my Lord, what a mouth ... And you kiss your little sister with that ... Shame on you,’ I smiled, my eyes sparkling as my head turned toward the house lights.
‘I’ll take that as a yes then?’ he grinned cheekily, turning to follow towards the back porch.
Punching him in the upper arm, my hand came to rest in his bent elbow, the hand of which was stuffed in his jeans pocket, trying to keep warm.
‘Hey, when you get that depressed, look me up,’ I laughed, the sound echoing away from us, numb and surreal into the darkness being left behind.
‘Yeah, you’ll get the first call, I promise ... Will it be a twenty-four hour, on-call, service, or, will I get a machine at 3 a.m.?’
He couldn’t help the snort that followed his question. He was asking for another punch.
‘You just carry on, Dan Foster, you’ll see what you do get if you just keep right on going in the direction you’re heading ... Oh, yeah,’ I snorted back, the laugh heard by the person holding her backdoor open for us.
‘Well, there’s no blood in the snow, and ya both laughing, so I hope ya worked it all out between ya,’ came the voice we both knew and loved.
Beth welcomed us into the house.
‘Friends?’ she asked, looking from Dan to me as we went in different directions.
‘Yeah,’ I laughed, ‘still friends,’ I chuckled as I headed for the Champagne in the fridge.
‘Yeah, with benefits, hopefully,’ laughed Dan as he vacated the kitchen quickly to be with Stevie and Chels.
‘I beg your pardon?’ I chuckled, my head in the fridge.
I reappeared, kicked the door shut, and looked at Beth.
‘Did I hear him right?’ I questioned, taking two long stemmed flutes from the side and filling them both with sparkling bubbles.
‘If ya think he said something about benefits, then yes, dear, ya heard him right,’ Beth smiled sweetly, taking her full glass from me, and having a few refreshing sips.

Life can steer you in some odd directions sometimes. It was something I was thinking whilst sitting in the retreat trying to do some work. So far nothing impressive had appeared on the A3 sheet before me. I was waiting for the flow to wash over me, but all I’d managed was chewing the end of another pencil, whilst watching my horses in the field across the stream. It just wasn’t happening.
Two hours had vanished via two calls. One, from Gazza in England, lasted an hour in itself. He was doing good, had purchased a new Triumph Thunderbird, and had booked a two week trundle around the Isle of Man. Things were good with the house and it was still standing.  
The other was a surprise call. It was from Mike, of all people. It was good to hear from him. He’d half been on my mind, and a portion of that call went something like this.
‘Good morning ... JM Designs ... How may I help you?’
‘Tee, is that you? ... Hi, it’s Mike, Happy New Year by the way?’ the male voice cracked into the line. ‘Have ya got a minute?’
I hoped my surprise at hearing his voice wasn’t too obvious. Not that I was nervous but suddenly I was aware of what I was about to say. The thought made me pause before speaking.
‘Well, Mister McCall, how are you, and Happy New Year to you too ... Yeah, I got a few spare. Funny, I keep meaning to get back to you but, after our last meeting, I thought it best I keep out the way ... I don’t want to make waves for you, Mike ...’
My voice was soft and well meaning. I meant the words I said.
‘... You and Amelia, you make a nice couple ... She’s a nice girl ... You’re lucky to have each other, really ...’
‘Yeah, I’m good, and thanks for that ... It’s real nice having her around, Tee ... We work well together, as ya saw at Christmas ...’
I heard the sincerity in his voice. Mike McCall had fallen in love.
‘Yeah, I saw,’ I grinned to myself, ‘and I must say, the place looked amazing ... The tree was awesome, and the fireplace ... She’s good, isn’t she,’ I chuckled.
‘Yes, Mam, she is ... And I need some of that in my life right now ... I’m ready to be with someone, Tee, and I know you ain’t ... Well, not with me, anyway ...’
Although his words sounded sad I understood every one.
‘Mike, I’m really happy for you, and Amelia ... Who’s another I would never dream of hurting ... Does she know about us?’
‘Nah, I haven’t told her ... I know it might sound wrong, but I’m not doing it for a selfish reason. I care about her, Tee, and hurting her is the last thing I wanna do right now. I know you’re in the same place with Danny boy ... Can we just keep it to ourselves and stay friends? ... I’d hate it to be complicated, or uncomfortable, for either of us ... I want it to be the way it used to be when we hung out and got wasted ... I want that back, Tee ... I liked ya being my chick-friend ...’
I heard his chuckle as he finished his words. Funny, but I liked the idea of that too. I’d wanted our old friendship back. I’d missed it terribly.
‘Mike McCall, we will always be friends, you dingo... And I would no sooner hurt Amelia as I would hurt Dan or yourself ... I wish you both well, I truly do ... So, when are you going to ask her then? When will it be, Valentines or her birthday?’
‘Okay, how the hell do you know? Who spilled their guts this time? This damn town never ceases to amaze me,’ he laughed, the sound bouncing down the line.
‘I have my spies, Mister M,’ I giggled, ‘so never underestimate the power of a nosy woman ...’ I followed on by adding, ‘Well, that and the local gossip corral in a small mid-west town ... You only have to stop at the deli to get the week’s news. It’s told in a variety of ways, by a whole selection of nice people ... You know that ...’
‘Yeah, I’m there with ya ... Soon as someone sees ya leaving town tongues start wagging. Amelia and I, well, we’ve been together awhile now ... It’s like it never happens round here no more ... But then, all the kids move off to Uni and never come back ... We’re all there is for entertainment, I guess ... Hell, I’ve had it easy for far too long anyway,’ he chuckled.
Coughing, he cleared his throat as I tampered with my pencil and sharpener, as if that would help motivate me into starting the project before me.
‘... And to answer ya question,’ he continued, ‘I was thinking of Valentine’s Day, if ya really wanna know ... Man, it’s only a few weeks away and just about enough time to arrange what I wanna do for it ... I got the ring already, stole one of her’s to get the size ... She didn’t even notice, she thought she’d lost it, until it reappeared by the phone in the bar,’ he laughed.
‘Arh, Mike, that’s amazing ... Congratulations and good luck ... I’ll keep my trap shut, you can trust me ... But, don’t be surprised when it does go global ... You may not be able to keep this one to your chest is all I’m saying, just be aware of that ...’
Mike chuckled again.
‘Yeah, I know ... I think I already heard the drums beating the news across the state, so it’s out there already, no escaping it now ...’
Smiling, I knew how quick stuff spread in a small town. When I moved in they are rallied round and had me settled in a matter of days. Everything I needed appeared as if by magic. I only had to make an enquiry with Winnie and it was delivered the next day.
‘Well, if you need my help in any way, just call ... If I can be of assistance, I’m there for you, you know that ...’
My fingers fiddled with my chewed pencil, the one that had been fiddled with for, nearly, the last three hours.
‘As it happens, that’s partly the other reason for my call ...’
The line went silent for a moment. There was more to come. Mikey had a plan.
‘... I have an idea of how I want to ask the question, ya know, Amelia ... It’s kind of a big one, and a little beyond my line of ability. I could do with ya, let’s say, assistance on this one, please, if ya can help, that is ...?’
He fell silent again. He was waiting for an answer. Any answer would do.
After reducing the end of my pencil to wood pulp, I lit the joint that sat between the two fingers of my other hand. There was no deciding, no debating. It was a simple question with a simple answer.
‘Yep, Mikey ... How can I help you, honey ...?’
~
The day Winnie Bloom was driven back into Silver Spring was quite an event in the eyes of her friends. Arriving home in a rented stretched limo, with its dashing young driver in his pristine uniform and hat, caused a few ripples of gossip in the community, to say the least. She’d been around the world, partied, and had a fabulous time seeing every inch of it that she’d ever wanted to see. A few places she’d even revisited just to absorb the experience a little more. She’d lived every second, but, as much as she’d loved her travelling, as much as she’d been in awe of mountains and valleys, to her, there was nothing like coming back home to her little piece of heaven. Silver Spring would always be home, that much would never change.
Her niece, Amelia, had been the Manager of her dress shop, whilst she was away perusing the globe at her leisure. I knew she had enjoyed being in Silver Spring, tending the cats and being her own boss and, when the opportunity arose, at just the right time, the girl took it with a smile and a thank you. After her divorce she didn’t want to skulk back to her Mother’s house with its tiny yard and tiny rooms. Amelia needed her space, and the little dress shop had certainly given her that.
Settling in hadn’t taken her long either, what with the Church Group’s support and the town’s folk being so cool. They’d made her feel at home as soon as they were told who she was. The people were very kind like that, they loved newcomers. Even the mad rich lady her Aunt knew, that being me, had stopped by to make sure she wanted for nothing. Amelia had grown to like me and I her. We always had a chat when I popped into the bar for a drink of an evening.
Mike McCall had made all the difference, of course. A man she had come to trust and love, he was one of the kinder ones who spoke to her like a person, and not like a slave. She wasn’t sure how it came about but, what they had, it was pretty bloody good.
Amelia told me as soon as she met him she knew. She felt a vibe spring up between them. Then those secret smiles were swapped, the ones you keep for the special moments. She liked that older man straight away. Whether it was his boyish chuckles behind his hand, his dry sense of humour, the way his hair grew, his eyes, his laugh, or his cute butt, she wasn’t sure, but whatever it was, it worked just fine for her.
The year had passed quickly, quicker than she thought it would. Sadly, she wasn’t looking forward to the day her Aunt returned to claim back what was rightfully her’s. It made her sad to think she might have to leave her job and friends, but she knew it was going to happen regardless, so, she carried on, doing what she had to do, taking each day as it came.
Before Amelia realised the date, the new Aunt Winnie was stood in the doorway, bags being unloaded by her driver, limo parked at the curb, passers-by gawping and whispering, then calling hello.
It was then that Amelia’s sadness hit a new high. The day had dawned, it was over, she was now unemployed. Waitressing flashed through her head, her shoulders dropping.
She watched as all the luggage appeared, her tanned Aunt chatting to the driver and those that stopped to make conversation. Snippets were heard, the place names and the countries been and seen.
Their reunion had been a quick affair. The hugs and kisses hurried through as the driver emptied his trunk of her accumulated matching cases. So, this was it then. Time she packed her own and moved out. It was nice while it lasted, it was just a shame it couldn’t have lasted a little longer.
‘That’s it, Marcus, put them there ... I’ll sort them out in a moment, thank you,’ Winnie smiled at the driver, who was making ready to take his posh motor and himself home.
And still the stream of people came to welcome the intrepid explorer, their faces having not changed that much in the year Winnie had been absent.
‘Right, what comes next? ... Arh, I know,’ she said, smiling at her niece who had been quiet all the time, watching her. ‘A nice cup of Earl Grey and a sit down for five minutes, before we start again ...’
She said it with her hands on her slimmed down, curvaceous, hips and her eyes flicking around the shop floor.
‘... Then, young lady, you and me are gonna have a little chat about what comes next, okay?’ she beamed.
Amelia looked at her and smiled weakly. ‘Yeah, okay,’ she replied, watching as her Aunt disappeared off up the stairs to see her cats, Mac and Sparkey.
After closing the shop and locking the door she followed her much tanned relative up the backstairs to the living area above. Sat with her tea, she listened as her Aunt bantered about her travels. The counties were endless, some Amelia had never even heard of. The woman’s exploits were several albums full of photos, her excitement as alive as if she were still taking that cruise on the Nile, or sitting in that helicopter as it flew over Uluru (formerly known as Ayres Rock). Her stories lasted for ages, the photos the same, come the end of it Amelia’s head was spinning with tales of Italy, Russia and the rest of the world.
‘... So, that brings me to the shop and you, dear,’ Winnie finally said.
Amelia’s throat nearly clamped shut. This was the part she had been waiting for, had been dreading, now it was hitting her, face on, and she was not really looking forward to it at all.
‘I made a few decisions while I was away ... Things’ll be changing around here, and all for the better, I think,’ she smiled at her niece who remained quiet.
She was sat petting the patchwork cat perched in her lap as she continued.
‘I been thinking ... I don’t want this shop anymore, been doing it too long ... It’s time I do something else with my life, before it’s too late,’ she smiled. ‘Firstly, I’m gonna sign this place over to you, if ya want it, Amelia ... It’s yours, for good, and with all my love ... I got better things to be doing with my time, and money ... There’s a new venture on my horizon, and the opening of it is sitting down there in them cases ... But you’ll see what I mean soon enough ....’
Winnie stopped talking and looked at her niece. It looked like she was crying.
‘... What’s wrong, dear? Don’t ya want this place? ... If ya hate it, ya don’t have to take it ... I just thought...’
‘No, Aunt Winnie ... Thank you, I love this place ... I thought ya were gonna say it was time I left, I thought I wouldn’t get to stay, and I hate the thought of leaving ... I’ll take it, and thank you ... I couldn’t see myself being anywhere else now,’ Amelia blubbered out, the tears almost becoming a constant stream.
‘Well, that’s alright then,’ Winnie chuckled, her voice soft and caring. ‘Don’t cry, sweetie ... I’m happy, you’re happy ... Everything’s just perfect ... Oh, and in case you’re wondering, I’m not staying, I rented ole Ma Tucker’s place on the edge of town, just till I decide where I’m gonna be settling for good, so don’t ya go worrying about being turned out on the street ...’
She patted her niece’s hand.
‘... I was gonna go stay with ya Mama, but I couldn’t be doing with her cramped little house and her constant moaning about her damn back ... It’s fine for her, but it don’t suit me, not now ... I like my own space and, at ya Mama’s, well, I just don’t get much of it,’ she giggled.
The face of the young lady sat across from her brightened as she smiled.
‘... So, it all works just fine, don’t it? I get what I want, and you get what you want ...’
Winnie clapped her hands together quickly.
‘... I’m so excited ... I’m nearly as excited as when I did the white water rafting through The Grand Canyon, and that was pretty amazing I can tell ya,’ she smiled, the light, a bright twinkle in her eyes.
‘... Lordy, for all of them miles, and all of them places, it sure is good to be back home again,’ she finished, picking up Sparkey, as he slinked around her shins, to give him a warm cuddle and a ‘good to see ya’ fuss.
She smiled slowly. Winnie was finally home.

Part 3
Last Call, My Ass

Mister Maxwell Robert Manley appeared into the world at 6:20 a.m. on St. Valentine’s Day, six days early, weighing in at a gorgeous 8lbs 6oz, and he was perfect. Mom (Chels) was relaxed and stress free, after winning her dream birthing option, and Dad (Stevie) was marvellous, very attentive and uber helpful, being where he was meant to be, and at just the right time.
The first photos were taken by yours truly. I swept in, on first call, and took some stunning photos of the whole family within minutes of him being born in a birthing pool at home. The pregnancy, and the labour, had been a breeze this time round and, for everyone but Chels, the months leading up to the monumental event had just flown by.

What also transpired on that day was something just as amazing, in its own little down home way. Mike McCall asked Amelia Kate Carmichael to marry him. It certainly was a night to remember, and that’s the truth. As it turned out, Amelia was just crazy-mad about a particular Canadian female artist, and that particular artist just happened to be, yep, that’s the one, a certain little Miss AJ Tate.
Well, I made that promised New Year call, and AJ and I did manage to steal some girly catch-up time. We assassinated men for six hours, mainly, whilst consuming large quantities of Rocky Road ice-cream with melted dark chocolate, and drinking copious amounts of dark rum and Doc Pepper’s. It seemed only right at the time, we’d both had losses. AJ and Brody had parted ways and Dan and I had cooled off to the point of just below tepid. But, such is life.
So, leading up to Chels and Stevie becoming doting parents once again, I was waving my magic wand to make a buddy’s dream come true.
AJ was playing the Saddledome in Calgary on Valentine’s Day, as part of the opening to her Canadian tour with the new album, and when Mike’s name came up AJ was more than happy to assist. AJ and I had partied in McCall’s on several occasions. Mike liked AJ. He said she reminded him of a girl he knew in school. From then on they were pretty good friends, handy that, wouldn’t you say? And, using this as a prime opportunity, the plan was put into motion.
Two Backstage/Access All Areas/VIP passes were received by me, via Reedy, and these, in turn, were given to Mike. After that, it was all down to the timing.
While the support band were bashing out their top tracks on stage, the others partied in the Green Room. The free bar out back had a fantastic pre-gig atmosphere, and was a great place to get to meet people. When Mike finally managed to get the star struck Amelia anywhere near AJ he was greeted as the old friend he was. They were introduced, hugged and accepted in a way that showed AJ to be the great hostess she could be. I knew she wouldn’t let me down, I was more than sure of that, and AJ didn’t, in fact she was a real star that night, in more ways than one. She did me proud with what she did.
So, Mike had planned to ask Amelia near the end, when they were out back and the music was just about to finish, and just before the party burst into full swing. Well, that was the plan. Only it didn’t quite go like that, thanks to AJ, that is.
She had just finished singing and playing Feel That Rush when she changed the pace a little. Until then she’d been rocking the arena, but as it was St. Valentine’s Day, and she felt she should show her huge crowd some love.
‘Okay, okay ... We done some rocking ... Now, let’s do some loving ... HAPPY SAINT VALENTINE’S DAY, CALGARY,’ she shouted into her microphone, her words bouncing out and across the vast sea of faces, off into the distance, all the way to the darkness at the back.
The crowd responded with a roar so loud she stepped back a little, laughing, guitar swinging at her hip. She loved it when it had a vibe like that. The adoration from those crazy people brought tears to her eyes.
‘Okay ... Let’s feel the love, people ... Let’s feel the love ... Come on ...’
The love song’s building notes slid from the speakers and the horde moved with the sway of the melody. Lighters, torches on phones and hands rose in the air. It certainly was a fantastic sight to see from where she stood. AJ grabbed her phone and recorded a slow walk across the stage. Those closest waved and cheered knowing they’d be seen at a later date in private.
With that accomplished, and her cue only a few bars away, she walked back to centre front and took her mark. Looking out over the heads of the masses as her she spoke, a huge grin appeared across her face.
‘This is for my friend, Mike, and his girl, Amelia ... Hope ya’ll like it, guys ... It’s called Have My Love ... Thank you ...’
Amelia didn’t hear most of the new track. She was too busy freaking out about the mention of her name to what seemed like a million people. Mike and she hung around out back, drinking and dancing, before being escorted to the side of the stage for a better look. As they approached AJ’s love song was just coming to an end.
As ever, she had her banter with a captive audience, asking if they were having fun and enjoying themselves so far. The reply was a windy noise from a mighty collection of mouths. AJ laughed as she roamed the stage, getting feedback from different areas, the noisy reply the same wherever she stood to ask.
‘Well, now ya all happy and full of love, I think it’s the right time for what comes next.’
AJ swirled on the spot to see where Mike and Amelia were standing. They were just where she wanted them.
‘... See, my friend Mike, he needs some help from us tonight ... Do you think we can help him?’
Her arms lifted as the roared answer of ‘... YEEEEEAH ...’ carried back to her, the corners of her lips curling slowly.
‘Good, I was hoping you’d all say that ... MIKE-EYY,’ she called in that two note, two syllable way of her’s, ‘... Come on out here, honey ... Ladies and gentlemen, I’d like you’ll to meet my most favourite barman in all of Alberta ... Mister, Mike, McCall ...’
Amelia almost exploded as she pushed him onto the stage. She remained behind, in the shadows, her hands clapping together as she jumped up and down.
Mike almost tripped over his own feet, his nerves becoming a jumbled mess inside a rickety frame. He nearly lost his footing several times but just about managed to keep it all together. Eventually he made it to AJ’s side and suddenly all those eyes were on him.
‘Hey, Mikey, ya doing okay there?’ she asked, her smile as sweet as ever.
‘Well, AJ, I’m doing real good ... How ‘bout you? Ya got yaself a full house here tonight, I see, ooh-wee,’ he nervously chuckled, the laughter rippling across the crowd.
‘Yeah, I sure have ... And we’re gonna party till we just can’t party no more ... Are ya up for that, you an Amelia, there?’ she asked politely, her warmth as open as ever.
‘Yep, I think we’ll be joining ya for that one, little lady, cuz we sure are loving the night so far,’ Mike beamed, his hands resting in his front pockets as if this was a regular thing, having a chat in front of thousands of people.
Taking that fact into consideration, Mike was very relaxed about the whole thing really. After the first few minutes of dealing with the vastness of it all, it got easier by the second. Eventually, he became unaffected by it. His arm came up to rest on AJ’s shoulders as her arm settled around his waist.
‘Good, I’m glad to hear that ... Now, while I think of it, Mike, is there something we can all help ya with tonight ... An important task maybe?’ she asked, her eyes flicking to Amelia and then back to Mike again.
Suddenly Mike was there with her and, as quick as that, he couldn’t believe what he was about to do. He thought getting to ask her at the end of the night would have been pretty amazing, but that.
‘Arh, yeah,’ he chuckled, ‘I got something real important I have to do tonight, AJ ... And I reckon just about now is the exact time I been waiting on ...’
AJ stepped away as Mike moved into position. He was centre front and all eyes looked to him for what was to come next. It was then or never, no need to waste precious time.
Mike’s hand dropped into his coat pocket as he half turned towards Amelia stood in the wings. A near silent wash swept across the crowd, their waiting a hushed response.
He smiled as he said, ‘Amelia, Kate, Carmichael ... It would be a great honour if you’d say yes to being my wife?’
The whole arena exploded as the last of his words rang out and the ring was produced, pinched between an index finger and thumb.
To begin with Amelia didn’t move. Not that she didn’t want to, she simply couldn’t. She found herself laughing because she couldn’t even move a foot forward.
‘Well, woman,’ Mike continued over her silence and the shouting mass, ‘are ya gonna say yes ... Or, are ya gonna leave me hanging out here like I’m laundry swinging in a damn breeze?’
That got her moving. She rushed the stage and threw herself into his arms, him catching her as her feet left the ground.
‘Of course I’ll marry you, ya big ole Bartender ... I couldn’t think on anyone else I’d rather see my days out with ...’
Then she kissed him in front of thousands of people, and a very happy AJ.
So, that was how Mister Mike McCall, owner of the best bar in town, became betrothed to Little Miss Dress Shop, Amelia Kate Carmichael. Cool, huh!
~
As for Calgary being the first stop, Montreal was the last regarding AJ’s tour. Thousands of miles had been covered, millions of faces seen, and huge crowds witnessed waiting at the gates to the stadiums she was to entertain for a while. She had been in awe, once again, covering her home country. Every place visited she was welcomed as one of their kin. The radio interviews proved that. Her people did actually love her, and her voice.
Time on the road was starting to wear in places not known to AJ before. She was getting tired of the lights, the lack of sleep, the constant moving, and the same repeated routine. The only good thing was, as she got to the point of just starting to feel the strain, the tour was finally at an end. And, as her energy waivered, the lights came down on the last night, the encore pounded out a little longer for it being the finale of the tour.
The tributes had been made, the money had been paid. Her people had sung and danced themselves crazy, and all that time, every day and every night, AJ had just one thing on her mind, Terri.
Okay, yeah, they’d totally gelled in the club the evening they met for the first time, their names familiar to one another because of their connection, me. And, oh my God, the night that followed, how can you ever erase those bodily moves from time and memory? Funnily enough, they also noticed they gelled on a couple of other levels too, bed height and standing, especially when naked.
That was an amazingly dirty ten hours they mashed it up in the sack. Funny how there’s some stuff in life you so want to tell your bestie but, at that time, she couldn’t. Well, not about what really went down that night anyway. How could she, it also happened to be her lover’s angry Stepmom?
They knew they shouldn’t go there, especially after I had words with them both. There were no tears about that decision, they just made it, and that was that, no more contact, no more complications. He went his way to do his thing, as she went her way to do her’s, simple.
And, so, it hit her. Stood listening to her own thoughts she realised just how much she was missing him, and it was pretty bad. As with missing those front teeth, one would find it an effort to smile without them. As with that lost piece of the jigsaw, the piece you never find again, there was something missing in her. She was lingering in that thought whilst trying to keep up with the talkers around her. Her need to escape nearly exploded from her, her excuses and exit about to be made in one swift action.
The after gig party, last night of a tour, it’s always the same, the same pompous bullshit from pumped-up, aging jocks in suits two sizes too small, that own an artist or three. She hated their style, they phrases, their aftershave, and she certainly wasn’t wild about the way they seemed to think the highlight of her night would be a sweaty guy’s greedy hand forever groping at her butt. Then, when the images in her head changed from loving Terri to axing the hand to a stump, she made for the nearest exit.
Sitting on the fire escape step, connected to the private club where the VIP party was being held, she pulled the faux fur coat close around her. The cold darkness was sharp with an edge clean enough to cut into you, the nibbling chill already crawling up sleeves and down a bare neck.
Looking down she chuckled, the jewelled, peep toe, sling-backs she wore went perfectly with the Enna Delatorres gown, but, they really weren’t much of a barrier against the dirty slush of a kitchen’s back alley.
Taking out her phone she looked down as it slowly came back to life. There it was, on her locked screen, the selfie of him and her, their morning in bed. She couldn’t remove or delete it, she’d tried, but it meant something, if not to him then to her.
There had been a weakness, a want to speak to him a thousand times, to hear his voice, a million. In the four months that had passed since their night together, there wasn’t a day go by that she didn’t nearly call him. The phone had sat in her hand with his number showing, the memory of that evening burning as bright as a beacon in her lonely night. If only he’d come on the tour with her, if only it hadn’t felt as if they were stupid kids dreaming their night away, if only, if only.
To AJ the past four months felt like a lifetime plus a few years and more. How was that even possible? She’d tried to forget about it, she’d moved on even, nothing was holding her back but, sat thinking about him, all those miles away, well, it was starting to ache a little.
‘There ya are, Goddamn it ...’
Hatch stepped into the only light she had to see by, his large Cockney frame casting a long shadow over AJ and where she rested.
‘... We nearly started ripping the bloody place apart looking for ya ... What ya doing out ‘ere? Come back inside ... Joey says it’s time we chip ... We all got this plane to catch at stupid o’clock in the morning, don’t forget ... We best not upset the boss anymore, aye? ... What’s wrong, treacle, you okay?’
His words ended as he stood before her, his hands on his hips, the look of a seasoned protector about him.
AJ looked up and smiled in the shade of the man’s bulk, his height making her crane her neck a little.
‘Sorry, I just needed some air, Hatch ... I’m fine now, promise ... Come on then,’ she grinned, ‘let’s go before my ass freezes to this damn step ...’
Hatch’s hand extended for her to take, the gentleman showing through his roughty-toughty body armour. She accepted it and was lifted from her quiet spot, the phone put away and her features changing.
‘You alright, kid? ... The smell of bullshit finally getting to ya, was it?’ Hatch asked as he held the kitchen door open for her. ‘There’s something not right with you tonight ... Ya ain’t ill are ya? Cuz, if ya gonna barf, point ya head the other way, I’m wearing my new high-tops and I don’t want ‘em barfed on, okay?’ he grinned as she passed him, a salute to follow, the cheeky sod.
‘Thank you ... And, no,’ she smiled with an effort, ‘there’s nothing wrong, Hatch, just tired ... Tired of the road, tired of the noise, the draining, the fat little hands groping ... I just wanna go home now ... I’m done ... Time to rest and write ...’
The door closed as he ambled through after her, his left arm guiding her in the direction of the main ballroom area and bar.
People bustled passed while others pooled in groups and annihilated the latest red carpet cock-up. The majority seemed to be attempting to drink themselves to death with the help of the complimentary bar, the tab to be sniffed at when it landed on some loaded jackass’s desk three days later.
If she could have had one wish, just one little teeny-weeny wish, it would have been to see Terri stride through that door and whisk her off her feet. She held her breath as she cast her heart’s desire, eyes closed, ready for the impact. They opened again, nothing but noise and overpaid egos everywhere.
She looked up at Joey as they reached him through the parted crowd.
‘Get me the fuck out of here ... Now,’ she ordered, sending the boys into action.
The area before her was cleared as they moved, the practice always paying off at large functions such as that one. With the Limo on standby, they slipped through and were gone before the doors slid shut behind them.

With all the best wishes of Montreal, AJ had been housed in the penthouse apartment overlooking St Louis Lake. The lights in the distance twinkled making them seem as if they were fallen stars from heaven and not thousands of city dweller’s homes. Facing towards Lachine, from her suite in Dorval, it looked fantastic as those around her slept and dreamt of warming days in the sun.
At the beginning of April the temperature pushes a little higher, but not enough for your shorts and t-shirts to appear after months of being in storage. In the day it looks stunning, from behind glass but, Jesus, once the sun drops, and the shadows climb across you, bloody hell it’s colder than a polar bear’s bum.
The silence then drove her from the view of a thousand lights. It drove her to the bar, actually, where solace could be found in a long, stiff drink, preferably a double over crushed ice. At 2:50 a.m. she was relieved to find it was just the Night Porter, Jose, and her occupying the lounge and bar area. The lights had been turned down low which was a blessing. By this time she sported her Holy Cow onsie, its tail hanging down, the eyes on her hood peering over the top of her head.
As ever, the tab was charged to the room, the first and second drink evaporating into a song worn mouth, the lips as tired as the aching vocal chords.
Jose pottered about, took late night calls and completed overdue paperwork. He didn’t speak. He hummed all the time he worked. He said it alleviated the silence when the nights happened to be a little quiet.
‘Not that they are very often, of course,’ he smiled, the Latino accent audible to any ear. ‘Here, we are always busy, Miss Tate, always ...’
Then he was gone again, room service or reception duty, one or the two.
And still she was wishing for Terri to manifest before her. They said she had it all, and if not all, then damn near most of it. But, she didn’t have him, did she? He wasn’t there with her, was he? Anyway, what the hell was she doing churning herself up over a big fat nothing? She should know better. Hadn’t she got the message? He didn’t want to know, did he? Once they’d done the do, he was gone, see ya later, catch me if you can and adios, bambino.
‘Fucking men,’ she chucked to herself, as the last of her drink slipped away, never to be seen again.
‘Is that all men? ... Or just one in particular?’ a voice asked from behind, a voice that was just what she didn’t want to hear, just when she didn’t want to hear it.
‘Nah ... Just you, ya bast’d ... Stay the hell away from me ... Don’t ya know, fucking and dumping a chick is like a really shitty thing to do ... Didn’t ya Momma teach ya no manners at all?’ she asked the reflection before her as he grew closer.
‘Ya dumb hick bitch, what the fuck ya doing here? ... Thought ya’d sucked some influential cock and sold out by now ... Ya ain’t still making those shit records, are ya? ... Are those silly shits out there still buying that crap?’ he retorted, his eyes not leaving the curvaceous form perched on the stool, onsie or not.
‘Well, Cory McCloud, you might think what I do is crap, but the two million that purchased my last album can’t be wrong ... So, ya just rumba ya sad little ass back to ya dicey little bitch, and I’ll keep right on making my shit records and enjoying all my lovely money,’ she grinned, dragging out the money, and not taking her eyes from the life-size reflection.
‘Your money ain’t so good when you’re sleeping in your bed, on your own, now, is it? Maybe ya should do something about that, AJ? ... Maybe ya should rent-a-dick? ... That’s probably more ya style, ain’t it? Pay on demand ... Yeah, that’s you ... That’s you, every step of the damn way.’
‘Well,’ she chuckled, ‘ain’t you the man ... But, now ya said that ... The money I put into your useless ass, I think I musta paid a million fucking times over for what you got in your pants ... So, I think ya owe me a damn refund, ya freeloading, son-of-a-bitch ...’
Her words were laughed at him, snapping what might have been construed as the final thread.
The next few seconds were a dizzying affair. One moment she was sat on a stool, an empty glass on the bar, her drink evaporated. The next, she’s spun on her seat and launched into by the guy that left her for another chick. Her eyes almost shot from her sockets when his hand lifted as if to strike her. As she leant away from the incoming blow, she watched as he was spun away on his heels, with someone else’s fist coming in to collide with his jaw.
AJ hadn’t even seen Terri move from the shadows of the bar and up behind Cory. At one point she wasn’t even sure who it was until Cory hit the deck with a sickening thud. Only then did she see him standing in the gloom. The way he’d spun Cory round and smacked him once, well, that’s the way to shut an arsehole like him up.
Jose didn’t come running, Terri had paid him well to stay out of the way for half an hour or so. The hundred dollars vanished into a well pressed trouser pocket, its secret never to be told.
Bet you’re thinking how the hell did Terri find her? Well, that’s just about to come out.
‘What the hell ya doing here?’ she barked in his direction, looking down at the unconscious Cory at her feet. ‘And, more to the damn point, how the hell did ya find me?’
She looked up at the man who had infested her mind for all that time. God, he was so gorgeous when he was angry.
He wasn’t smiling, his jaw was set, the blood slowly dissipating from his screwed up fists.
‘That son-of-a-bitch, who the hell does he think he is? He’s one piece of shit, for sure ... And I don’t like the way he uses his mouth, and hands, on ladies ...’
Terri’s eyes came up to look at her, the blue as pretty as a sky in June.
‘... Oh, and Hatch told me ... Asked me not to say anything ... Oops, too late,’ he grinned, his fingers sliding into his front trouser pockets.
‘That no good chunk a fart filled doughboy, I aughta fire his dumb-ass and send him back to fucking Britain ... Trust him? He ain’t worth shit,’ she bitched as she nudged a conked out Cory in the ribs with a pink pussycat slippered toe, her hands in her lap, a cheeky smile to her lips.
‘Hey, while I’m here, can I ask you a question?’ he smiled, as he moved to the back of the bar to find the Jack and two clean, iced, glasses.
He walked back around and sat on the stool next to the one she occupied. She looked at him and replied, in a slightly tipsy state, with another question.
‘What ya wanna know?’
She took a glass and then waited for it to be filled, her hand waving from side to side a little.
Terri splashed amber fluid into the tumblers, the noise from the ice hitting glass breaking a hole in their silence.
‘Well, actually, it’s two questions really,’ he smiled, his eyes on the drink in his hand, the ice turning slowly with his finger’s movement.
AJ lifted her glass and took three short sips, the fire burning before it even started its journey south.
‘Now it’s two questions? Arh, come on, Terri, make up ya damn mind ... Is it one, or two? ... It can’t be both, honey,’ she giggled.
AJ was starting to feel a little more than the burn. She was starting to feel a bit pissed. No, rephrase that, she was starting to feel quite pissed.
‘Hey, maybe I should save them for when you’ve not been drinking ... You need to think about what I’m gonna ask you ... They’re those kind of questions, honey,’ he chuckled in return.
‘No, no, go on, go on, ask me,’ she insisted. ‘It’ll be just fine ... It will ...’ the just dragged out to emphasise it. ‘Go on, ask me, ask me ... Ya know ya wanna,’ she baited, feeling more pissed by the second. ‘Just, make it quick, cuz I might fall asleep waiting for ya to do it,’ she girlie giggled, throwing the rest of her drink into her mouth, swallowing, and then smacking her lips.
The glass was offered up and filled again. Terri followed suit soon after.
‘Okay, firstly, and are ya ready for this?’ he smiled, his drink raised, elbow on the bar.
AJ nodded, another sip gone in a blink.
‘Well ... I’ve been thinking ...’
He paused again.
‘Oh, Jesus, did it hurt?’ she chuckled, looking over at him. ‘Okay, sorry ... But hurry up and spit it out, will ya, before I gotta catch my damn flight home? ... I can’t wait all night for nothing,’ she laughed, as he tried to ask his all-important, and probably stupid, questions.
‘I will,’ he barked, ‘when ya give me a bloody chance to say what I’m trying to say ...’
‘I thought ya said ya had questions to ask, ya didn’t say anything about saying stuff,’ AJ babbled out over his attempt to do exactly that.
‘Will you shut up, for two seconds, please,’ was almost shouted into her face, his raised voice something she had not witnessed before.
She stopped her jabbering and fell quiet, her eyes hitting the floor between them.
Cory groaned quietly in his slumber and then drifted off again. They both glanced at him. There was a moment of silence.
‘Thank you ... Now, as I was saying ... My questions,’ he continued, looking from Cory back to AJ, their eyes meeting. ‘I have two questions ... So, firstly ... Do you think I should change my name to Manley ... And, secondly ... If I did ... Do you think the chicks will still dig me more and want to shag my brains out?’
He grinned, the low lights behind the bar putting a fetching twinkle in his baby blue eyes.
AJ nearly went atomic.
‘... What? ... Ya mean to say ya came all this way to ask me that? Dude, you’re one crazy dip-shit, and ya really do need to get a life ...’
AJ wasn’t impressed. She slammed back her drink and went to stand. Her feet had been stolen. It stopped her from performing the act of escape. The other thing was Cory, he was in the way. As she stood, with feet that wouldn’t respond when required for the task of stepping over him, she toppled forward, landing in Terri’s lap.
He was having a great chuckle at her expense, for some reason that irked her.
‘If ya laugh, once more, I’ll whack ya so hard, you’ll think your nuts live in your God damn throat, ya hear me? Don’t do it, don’t ...’
AJ plonked back onto her seat, her eyes lifting to the heavens.
‘... Please, God, don’t let me be stranded here with this asshole all night,’ she grinned. Looking back at the man sat before her she asked, ‘Jose must have complimentary wheelchairs here somewhere, right?’
Looking over his shoulder her eyes searched frantically for the missing Porter/Receptionist. She was in two minds to shout for him, but Terri stopped her with his words.
‘... AJ ... I want you to be with me, no more missing, no more pretending ... No more lies ... Will you have me?’
AJ looked at him, blinked, and then looked away again.
‘What ya saying, it’s a real crumby thing to say to a girl when she’s showing signs of crashing, like our dumb-ass friend here ...’
She nodded down to the snoring heap on the floor.
‘Terrick Daley, or Manley, or whatever ya damn name is ... Do ya think I’m crazy in the head? Man, we both know it’ll never last, even if it does get going ...’
Her eyes lifted to his, the fire flaring just the same.
Leaning forward he kissed her, no asking, just doing, stolen there and then. The silence was crystal, hanging all around them, even inside them. Only the snoring, heard from below, crushed it, that and the grunts and little whistle just at the moment of impact.
AJ was the first to speak as Terri pulled away. He noticed she had her eyes closed and lips slightly puckered, still.
‘Yeah ... And the second question?’ she asked.
‘The second question?’ he repeated.
‘Yeah ...’ her eyes slowly opened as she smiled, ‘Ya said there were two questions ... Ya only asked me one ... What was the other one?’
Terri smiled. ‘Yeah, ya right ... The other question ...’
‘I am gonna hit ya if ya don’t ask it in the next ten seconds,’ she grinned.
‘Okay, okay,’ he protested, then paused, nearly using up his entire countdown.
AJ eventually gave him her time’s a ticking look, the smile starting to seem at little put on.
Suddenly his words were there, he’d found the right ones after all those months.
‘All I was gonna ask was ... Your place or mine ...?’

‘Sorry, sorry ... I have left you for too long ...’
Jose stopped talking when he walked in to find two people sat, kissing, at the bar, one of them resembling a pink cow.
Terri caught the movement in the shadow, and nodded in Jose’s direction in a way AJ understood. He finally asked his last question, quietly, under his breath.
‘... Bed ...?’
AJ nodded as she finished her drink and moved to kiss him once more.
‘Yeah ... Bed ... And that was three questions, ya cheeky little shit,’ she giggled, melting into his arms for more.
As they exited together, Jose tried to decide on what was the best thing to do with the slab of meat he found, out cold, on the floor of his immaculate bar area.
‘Hey, excuse me, my friends, but what’ll I do with him?’ he asked, tapping Cory’s thigh with the toe of his shoe, being careful in case it awoke and struck out at him.
He didn’t really want to touch it, let alone move it, physically.
As they reached the doors Terri turned and smiled at the Night Porter stood beside a flaked-out Cory.
‘Hey, dude, what can I say? Its passed its sell-by-date though, so, do what ya like with it, it’s a pile of crap anyway ... Throw it in the trash, with all the other shit, that’ll probably do it,’ Terri laughed as he walked away, his arm round AJ’s shoulders, and the cheekiest of grins on his handsome face, just like a Manley, just like Max.

‘I want to sit here and watch you dancing, naked, to slow music, in nothing but high heels ... Please,’ the young man asked politely in a sexily deep English gentleman’s voice.
He had his prime viewing point, a carver chair dragged to the middle of the room. He was ready to watch, his legs crossed and fingers linked before him, the arms of the chair acting as elbow supports. The only things that were missing were the drink, the popcorn and some yummy chilli dogs.
The shudder that had come with his words stopped AJ pouring their drinks and glance over in his direction. He looked so, what’s the word, smug, or maybe even spoilt, as he sat watching her across her suite. She was still a bit pissed and she was still wearing that stupid pink cow onsie.
When the drinks where ready she carried them over and placed them on the side table nearest to Terri. Once that was done she smiled down at him, before walking off towards her bedroom.
Pulling a funny face, he picked up his drink and proceeded to take a few sips before he was evicted for the night. He could see that one coming. Suddenly there were visions of her reappearing with curlers in her hair, wearing a horrid flowery high collared nightdress that touched the floor, and a smelly white face pack plastered from hairline to chin. The thought made him smile and lift his glass, as a toast, in her general direction.
Back she came though, but not in what he had in mind. In fact, when she slowly stepped back into the room, picked up the stereo remote and hit play, the whole thing unravelled before his eyes. And it was fucking wicked.
As the sound of whining guitars slowly built to a higher pitch, the robe, the red one she’d entered wearing, was slowly slid down her tanned arms. Beat by beat, it was cast to the floor, the light fabric leaving a silken trail behind her as she crossed to the centre of the room.
Terri watched, with his drink in hand, transfixed on the show meant for his eyes only. Having had that thought, he wondered if the security was tight enough to have hidden cameras in her room, as some top hotels do.
AJ turned slowly, her all but naked form a constant tan of slender limbs and elegant curves. Her hands cupped and stroked all the parts she wanted Terri to kiss and lick slowly and, as with before, the alcohol helped with opening the gates and letting it go.
The piano then washed in over the guitar and percussion, harpish and carrying into the chorus of the instrumental piece AJ had chosen to chill too. Wearing her favourite red, silk, four inch heels, she swayed and slinked her way around the smallest of dance floors before her captivated audience of one. She smiled the whole time, a knowing, female smile. It’s the one that gets you everywhere.
Moving, a half step at a time, her paced actions sailed her nearer and nearer to her man-island, sat, watching, his drink forgotten, his fingers still knotted before him. She had his attention alright, and he loved it. She could tell. His half smile and the huge bulge in his pants proved that.
Her hand lifted and came to rest on his shoulder, the contact causing a spontaneous electric shock. They both felt the jolt as a hard slap, right across the face. It almost caused them both to flinch away, but they liked it, it felt good, it felt alive.
Still the song played, the ups and downs, the highs the lows, the light, the dark, they all lay there, within that track, within that dance. The hips swayed, the waist twisted, the thighs parted, the back arched. As eyes closed, arms were lifted, the body and mind lost in a place of their own making. On the other side there was heat and fire. This was building, constantly being fed, heading for an all-out BBQ of bodies.
As the track was warming down and the strings ebbing away, AJ’s hand, once again, came down to touch Terri. Again came that feeling of making those sparks fly, it burnt in a flash, sharp then gone, as if a hot pin had hit his skin. My, how bright they were? Bright enough to make them see it and hold the light in their sobering eyes.
The dance was finally over when the track closed to acoustic guitars and Terri taking hold of AJ’s wrist, the hand of which rested on his crown. Eyes met, smiles appeared and fates were sealed, but, who was going to make that next move?
It was Terri, lifting from his chair as the next slow song rang into being. His free hand rose to stroke the gentle contour of her back, his fingers skipping over the strings of the red thong she wore so beautifully.
Eye to eye, he slowly pulled her towards him, their bodies catching the same rhythm, the same sway, the same tempo. There truly was music in their souls, and this only connected them more. As the melody carried them towards the inevitable, AJ slowly disrobed the man in her clutches. He was already lost to the movements, each step carrying him nearer the place he’d dreamt of revisiting.
The open fire enticed them towards its fan of dancing flame. Terri eventually ripped all the cushions from the couches and chairs, pushed the huge coffee table out of his way, and built a huge makeshift bed before the most perfect of backdrops, and all in a matter of minutes.
Once the masterpiece was perfected, using the bedding and pillows supplied, he then started a different kind of dance, his moves the exact ones AJ was waiting for. The heat came as a tide, caressing limbs and palms, areas and spots, with touching and kissing, fingertips to flesh, lips to tips.

‘Love’s never too late, baby ... It’s there somewhere ... Just when you need it ... Just like me,’ Terri whispered, his lips a breath away from hers, his fingers chasing a cold line down her hot back with an ice cube.
She was sat astride him, her knees bent, holding him inside her. He was leant against the front of a cushion less couch, her arms tight around his neck. As she gyrated her hips slightly, his free hand ground her down onto his hardness, the actions a pleasure for both.
‘Then show me,’ she purred in reply, ‘... Show me, don’t tell me ....’
She fell backwards onto the sheet, the fire raging beside them, feeding the pulses. She felt she needed to repeat herself, just once, slowly.
‘... Show me ...’
Disengaging himself from her body and his position, he moved to lie next to her, looking down he smiled, the last of his ice cube about to melt. Turning, he scooped another from the glass into cold fingertips, its path soon to leave a goose-bump line.
It started at the top, her forehead first, then a line and drip down the bridge of her nose. From there it touched slightly parted lips, cold but quenching, it was then to move on. Next came her chin and down her neck, his lips following behind, and so the journey crept.
His finger wove as his lips skipped. The next movement was the one to crack her wide open, a fire in a rocky crag. As his head pulled away from its trail, the ice cube was lifted and placed on the nipple of the perfectly tanned breast just inches from his face.
AJ’s reaction was a twist in her frame, an ache taking away any other feeling at the time. The core of her broke somehow, the line running a blizzard through the centre of her bones. As one instinct told her to recoil, the other smiled and forced her to feel the burn. The pain, the pleasure, was this really allowed? Her fluttering eyes wouldn’t open, she’d tried, but that wasn’t allowed either, by the feel of it.
As Terri’s hot, Jack Daniel’s infused lips enclosed around her freezing nipple her orgasm nearly tore her in half. In the second he saw the tide rising he moved and entered her as she wallowed in it. This only seemed to take her to another level of her sensational experience. As he rendered himself sunk to the nuts, all hopes of holding off for a while seemed lost in the fire created by AJ alone.
There was no hope for her, she was drowning, the wave as cool as that cube to her skin. As Terri leant forward to kiss her, those long, tanned limbs of hers entwined with his, locking him inside her.
Watched him she did, studied him even. She was learning about him, every look and every movement. From the colours of his eyes to the flecks of red in his goatee, every detail held her attention as the wave carried her away. They closed again, slowly.
The ending came as a collision of bodies, sweat and speed. Terri’s toned arms supported him as AJ arched her way towards a climax that could break sound barriers.
Those stabs of his hips into her, those greedy thrusts, they were meant to mark, meant to remind. He would stop as her ending neared, pausing, just waiting for her to open her eyes and look up at him. Then he would start again. The giving, the taking, the smiles of a man who had it all, right there, and the one beneath him, she was it, she was his, and for good now. He’d left his mark, again.
When he finally climaxed the whole floor must have heard him calling God’s name. He’d slept with a few chicks back in England, but only once had he ever had it so good. The only other was his first time with AJ, which told him something back then and, there he was, having it all over again.
It seemed like an age, his aching nuts unloading into her, her orgasm lasting as long as his. She kept clamping him into her, the cycle constantly switching, the shock bouncing one to the other, back and forth, back and forth.

Within an hour of them closing their eyes there was a fist banging on her door and a mouth shouting something about leaving for a flight in thirty minutes time. Without lifting a lid she reached for her phone. What was the damn time anyway? When she finally opened her sleepy peepers, and looked, it was mere hours before her flight back to Edmonton.
Again, the annoying fist action resumed against her door.
‘AJ ... YOU AWAKE ... Bloody hell ... Answer me, will ya ... Please?’
It was Hatch.
‘Yeah, I’m awake, SO SHUT YA HOLE WILL YA ... And I wanna word with you, Mister Spill Ya Guts About Where The Hell I Am,’ was replied as she rolled onto her back with her eyes closed for a few seconds more.
‘You and me is gonna have words about that, I’ll tell ya for nothing ... And ya make a lousy friend, so don’t go giving up ya other day job,’ she mumbled to herself, a hand moving to touch the warm body beside her.
It wasn’t there. Only a note, and a red rose taken from the vase by the window, lay where his head had rested. It read something like this.
“AJ, Sweetheart, maybe you’re right, maybe we are just stupid kids dreaming crap up, maybe that is our problem, maybe not. I know it hurts you, doing this behind Tee’s back, it hurts me too, and I don’t know how to stop hurting both of you without losing one of you. I have to love and leave you, for now. When it’s the right time I’ll come for you, there’s things I have to do first. I’m thinking of you, baby ... T x”
And that was that.
She read it and dropped it on the floor as she rose to shower. Walking away from the words by their makeshift bed she smiled to herself. Back there were the memories of the night just gone leaving a stain where two bodies had been. Proof enough in her mind.
‘From what I heard,’ she chuckled, replying to her little love letter, ‘ya Daddy used to do the very same thing to Tee, regularly. Wow, history really does repeat itself sometimes, doesn’t it? Oh, and ya so gotta be a Manley ... There ain’t no two ways about that, no siree,’ she laughed, her naked butt disappearing to have a quick dousing of water, her singing to be heard in the corridor beyond, the sound as light as the coming of her new day.
~
Ma Tucker’s place was, and still is, a beautiful smallholding. Found on a dirt track just off the 810 heading out of Silver Spring, going north, it sits in a corridor of maple and cherry trees, the view to the mountains a joy to see every morning.
Winnie Bloom’s life had been relatively quiet since she had returned from her enormous globetrotting expedition. She’d loved and learnt every step of her thousand mile journey but, still, at the end of it all, it was amazing hitting home turf. She would have dreams and memories aplenty, enough to see her out, she knew that, and her extensive photo collection reiterated that fact but, for Winnie, home was definitely where the heart lay, and Silver Spring was it.
Yes, she had new-world influenced ideas. Yes, she had even lost weight and become trim without really seeing it, until her old wardrobe didn’t fit anymore. And, yes, there was a distinct change to her attitude and her view of life and the community around her. Since her return, a lot of things had changed, and those closest to her were starting to see it.
‘Wow, you go girl, you gave the shop to Amelia?’ I grinned, my drink aloft. ‘I think that deserves a well-earned toast, my friend ... Welcome to the wonderful world of what comes next ... And I thought I had a mad life,’ I laughed, my head nodding, my eyes ablaze with cheer and drinkies.
That was our third of the day. We were sat in old rockers on the front veranda looking down the long drive to the main road. Every so often a blurred vehicle of some kind would shoot passed. There would then be a lull before a convoy of passing blurs flew by, and then it would just stop.
Winnie was smiling, the wine having gotten to her soft spot.
‘Ha ... Ya make me laugh with ya carrying on ... Everything you touch turns to gold ...’ she held her cat, Sparky, towards me, ‘... Here, touch this stupid cat and turn him into gold for me, please ... I can go do some more travelling then ... Another year on the road would be lovely,’ she giggled, the drink bringing a whole new light to her world-widened eyes.
Laughing with her I watched my friend’s silly antics.
‘... Winnie, you have to be honest with me here,’ I chuckled.
Winnie put her cat down on the floor, he ran for it, hiding under the steps.
‘What,’ she asked, her eyes coming back to me after watching him escape.
‘... When you went to Thailand,’ I enquired, ‘did they make you smoke weird shit wrapped in a leaf ... Or was it when you invaded Amsterdam for a month...’ 
Winnie cut me off.
‘I’ll have you know ... I was very good in Thailand, and the people were very nice ... Just the same as in Amsterdam...’
Next was my turn to cut in.
‘Yeah, I know how nice they are in Amsterdam, that’s not what I asked you ... What did you smoke, Winnie Bloom? ... And, if you can even remember, where the hell were you when you did it? ... You naughty girl,’ I laughed, my head going back as I relished the thought of Winnie Bloom, fifty-six, as stoned at the natives.
Winnie pulled a funny face as her lips pursed a little, trying not to smile.
‘It’s not what you’re thinking, Misses Manley, so behave ya damned self ... You and your weed ... I ain’t the same ... You can keep that crap, I got my wine ... Thank you, very much ...’
I cut in, again, with a giggle this time.
‘Oh, my, you’re cussing now, you never cuss, Winnie Bloom ... What will the good Lord say about that, I ask you? Shame on you ...’
Winnie couldn’t keep a straight face for long, but at least she tried.
‘That’s why he gave us Sunday’s, so we have one day a week to say sorry to the Lord ... That’s good enough for me right now,’ she chuckled, her eyes as bright as stars in a chocolate sky.
She looked over at me, her focus no longer on the view to the main road.
‘... Anyway, enough about me ... What’s happening in your world, anything good? ... And how’s that young Terri doing? All I can say is ya must be real good at juggling, Tee, I give ya that,’ she chuckled.
‘Good at juggling,’ I laughed, ‘Winnie, I’m not just a bloody juggler, I’m also on the sodding high-wire, trying to stay up there whilst juggling ... At times I think I might also be sat on one of those dodgy unicycle things, too, the whole lot feels so unstable sometimes.’
Winnie’s eyes changed a little in the shade, they grew darker somehow.
‘How like Max is he?’
The question came from nowhere, she being the only one to ever ask it. I thought before I replied.
‘Well, as it happens,’ I smiled, my eyes travelling to the middle distance, ‘Terri is the missing Manley.’
I turned back to my friend, my eyes soft, watery even.
‘I look at him and I’m amazed, Winnie, amazed ... He’s so like his Dad sometimes, and in so many ways ... You’ll have to meet him ... I’ll bring him with me next time,’ I smiled, mainly to myself, a private joke maybe. ‘When you do meet him, first off, you might not see Max at all ... Give it five minutes and the whole package will blossom before your very eyes, I swear ... He is that man’s son, Winnie, I kid you not,’ I chuckled, my watery eyes lost to laughter. ‘So, besides that,’ I continued, ‘what do you plan to do with your remaining years on earth, now you’ve seen most of it?’ I grinned over at her.
Winnie had been thinking about that for several months. She had invested her money wisely, the rewards now being seen, her life made easier for it. What was next for Winnie Bloom? What door could she open with what she had tucked away in her spare room?
Smiling over at me, she’d wished I’d been with her on some of her trip. She was right in thinking I would have appreciated the art, the architecture, the beautiful landscapes and mountains. How she’d wished she could have shared that with me. Yeah, okay, the pics were good, but it just wasn’t the same.
‘Well, actually, I have had a little think about that,’ she went on to say. ‘Funny ya should bring that up, I needed a chat with ya ...’
Winnie fell silent, her eyes cast to the drive and road beyond.
‘Winnie Bloom, if you have a good idea, you need to share ... You could have a diamond in the rough ... Let’s make it work ... We have the power,’ I grinned, the wine having finally got through to my Jack Daniel’s soaked brain.
And, so, the very foundations for Winnie’s next adventure were set in place after a drowsy day’s catch-up with her English friend. There was a high possibility that, in the not so distant future, a weenie dream just might be kick-started into life. Where it would lead us both was any one’s guess but, knowing us two, it’d be something no one else had come up with in Silver Spring.
~
There was one of those strange looks on my face for a second. It slowly changed into sparkly eyes and a beamed smile.
‘... You want me to what?’
I was sat, arms crossed, looking at my brother-in-law. The silly smile didn’t leave my lips as I watched him and waited.
‘I ... want you ... to be ... my ... Best Man ... Well, Best Bird, I guess, seeing as you’re a T-bird and all ... Anyway, did ya get it that time?’ he chuckled. ‘That’s what I’m trying to ask ya, when ya listen, that is ... So, will ya?’ he grinned, his drink already aloft in toast.
‘Urh, dude ... I’d love to ...’ I spluttered, proud that I’d been asked. ‘... Just one problem though, bro,’ I grinned.
‘What’s that?’
Stevie’s glass laden hand dropped. He was more than surprised to hear just one problem. He was expecting a, Hell, yeah, bro ... I’ll do that for ya, proud to ... Sweet, thanks for asking me, I’m really chuffed, and then a toast followed by knuckles touching over the bar in respect.
‘... I’m Chels’s Maid of Honour, aren’t I? ... You know that, ya doughnut ... Man, where you been for the last year, Stevie? ... Ooh, that’s put a spanner in the works, hasn’t it? Hey, maybe we could sort something out ... Maybe I could do both at once ... What about that?’
It got me thinking, my eyes squinting slightly as I thought. Taking a swig from his glass he moved away from his bar, coming round to sit with me the other side of it.
‘... Shit ... That really screws things up ... I so wanted you to be it ... Damn ...’
Arh, poor Stevie. He seemed really pissed-off from the thought of it not being me. That wasn’t what he’d wanted to hear, not at all.
‘Where’s Chels?’ I asked as I rose from my stool. ‘Let’s go chat with her and sort it out now ... Then everyone knows what they’re doing, and I can start to get my head around it all, again.’
I looked at him as I stood.
‘I thought you’d got a Best Man in tow already? ... Why didn’t you ask Danny boy?’
Stevie looked rather vague with my question.
‘Oh, Dude, you’re cutting it pretty bloody fine ... How many weeks to go now? ... Seven?’
I walked off.
‘Are ya coming?’ I asked from the opened door, my palm to the brass handle.
The look on his face changed, as his glass hit the bar top, the smacking of his lips becoming a, ‘Yeah ... Right behind ya ...’
It was mumbled as he rose and followed me, the sour look having not evaporated with the large slug he’d just consumed.
Chelsea was in the kitchen with the boys. She was drinking a coffee and reading a magazine sat at the counter. Max was asleep in his Moses basket, as peaceful as a lily, lost in his little world of dreamscapes.
JR, meanwhile, was in his cardboard castle play centre, created by his Aunt Tee, with his blocks, his bunny and his baby juice. He was more than content with building his forever tumbling wall which, when reduced to rubble, made him squeal with laughter before starting the delightful process all over again.
Our voices came from the hall arriving just before we did. JR lifted his little chubby arm and smiled in his Mommy’s direction.
‘... Daddy ... Tee-Tee,’ he chuckled, grabbing his blue bunny and hugging it.
Chels chuckled at her gorgeous, little son’s actions.
‘Yeah, little man ... Daddy and Aunt Tee-Tee ... That’s them ... And still sober, I hope ... Damn hippies,’ she smiled back at him, whilst he stood, looking in the direction of the kitchen door, bunny being hugged under one chubby, little arm, and his tiny thumb, of the other hand, stuck in his mouth.
‘Chels ... We have a problem here,’ I blurted, entering the beautifully sized kitchen and living area with its vaulted ceiling and marble tops.
‘What’s that, sugar?’ Chels asked over her shoulder, closing her mag.
‘I’m your Maid of Honour, right?’ I asked, as I walked passed my friend towards the crib, confirming it more than anything.
Chels nodded in reply to my presumption.
‘Well, Stevie wants me to be his Best Man, Best Bird actually ... And, well, I’d just like to know ... Can I do both?’
I ended my words as a whisper looking down at Max still dreaming away.
Stevie had entered behind me. He kissed Chels on the side of the head then checked on Max quickly. With one infant away with the fairies, his attention turned to JR. As soon as the little boy lifted his arms up and towards his Daddy, he was removed from his play area. They stood looking back at us girls who were, by that time, attempting to strike a deal.
Chels held my sad gaze, running a hand down my arm, before she turned back to her coffee.
‘Sugar, ya probably could do both, but how would it work for ya there? Think about ya outfit, honey ...’
There were those vague faces again. So, Chels tried once more.
‘If you’re gonna be my Maid of Honour, ya gotta wear the dress ya just spent how much money on, right?’
I nodded.
‘But ... If ya wanna be Stevie’s Best Bird, will ya want the same as him, tux or whatever? ... Cuz, I can’t see Stevie, there, wearing no damn dress to our wedding, can you?’ Chels chuckled. ‘I think it’s one or the other, honey ... For you, it’s make ya mind up time ... Sorry ...’
‘... Bloody hell, Stevie,’ I whined with a smile, ‘wouldn’t you wear a dress, please, just this one time? You’ll look lovely, I promise ...’
‘Oh, yeah, I’ll wear a dress, JR can wear a dress, Dan and Jake can wear a dress, even Terri and baby Max can wear a dress ... Yeah, let’s get all the guys wearing pretty dresses ... We can all look lovely together ... That sounds wonderful ...’
Stevie was taking the piss as he swept JR around in small circles, dancing and using his funny lady voice. JR was killing himself laughing at his Daddy’s antics and silliness.
‘Yeah, okay,’ Chels laughed, ‘let’s do it ... Tee, get Carmella on the phone, pronto, we need about six more pretty dresses to match the girls ... But, they need to be a slightly different shade of lavender so we don’t get ‘em all mixed up ...’
‘Sweetheart neckline and off the shoulders, man, they are gonna look so cute ... I can see them all now,’ I chuckled, looking at Stevie still dancing with JR. ‘... Especially those two ...’
‘My, we’ll be belles of the ball, won’t we, young man ... But only if we can have shoes and nice hats to match ... And lovely long scarves too ... Mmm, I can’t wait ...’
Stevie, still using his lady voice, came to a halt with JR, tipped back slightly, as if ending a dance with a dip.
Leaning forward, I kissed the little laughing face I adored.
‘Yes, you will,’ I said in a giggly voice, ‘and Daddy will look just as fetching in his matching shoes, hat and scarf, I’m sure ... Yes, he will, he will ...’
Then they were gone again, another sweep of the kitchen, around the island this time.
‘... So ... Ya made ya mind up about what ya wanna do then?’
It was a direct question, Chels to me. I took a swig of Chels’s cold coffee and pulled a face.
‘... Will ya hate me forever if I step down as your Maid of Honour?’
My question was answered with another direct question, me to Chels.
She smiled, ‘Well, I might not wanna share a spliff with ya, for a few hours ... I might not let ya crash on my couch, for a while ...’
Her grin then broadened but, as she spoke, her voice lowered a little.
‘... But, I can see what this means to Bass Boy over there ... Be his Best Man, or Bird, I love the idea ... I ain’t gonna hate ya over this, honey, cuz, and I can see it for myself ... This is real important to you too ...’
I smiled with her reply. My eyes became watery for a moment, burning a little, even. Yep, it was important to me. For some stupid reason, it was very important.
Patting my hand, Chels continued.
‘... Promise me one thing, though,’ she asked, her eyes seeming serious for once. ‘Regarding his Buck’s Night? ... Don’t leave him tied, butt naked, to a post somewhere, anywhere, please ... I don’t want pics of that on my wonder wall, or on every front page for breakfast, thank you very much,’ she giggled, as Stevie and JR danced passed us once more.
~
Peace was finally found. It was on a stunning day in late June, one early morning in Silver Spring, after months of chaos related to family, work, the wedding of the year, planning a Buck’s Night, and all the other crap that seems to happen throughout a non-normal life.
First in line was Max’s christening in the early April, he wasn’t quite hitting five months old and, my, what a damn parade that was. Then came Chels’s, Ma’s and Terri’s birthdays which were tossed into May and June just for good measure, they ran in a two weekly shift, one after the other, after the other. And on it went.
In there, along with all that, were thrown two weeks of seminars with Craig in Vegas, a two day meeting in Vancouver, weeks of wedding preparations and six nights of drinking to all the belated celebrations. Somehow, whilst anarchy seemed the norm, I also managed to set the plans in motion for Stevie’s stag night. Much to mine, and most people’s amazement, it all came together without too much going tits up.
Stevie’s Wake, as Joey called it, seemed to take up most of my time, wherever I was. It took me a few weeks to get there. It ate up a hundred hours on my mobile, and a couple of nights with little sleep, because of the bloody time zones, but I pulled it off, eventually.
The DJ would be taking a night off from playing his London Hot Spot to be flown, first class to Edmonton, courtesy of me, to play a one-night-only gig at Stevie’s Stag Do, as I called it.
The warehouse was a bonus and appeared via Mikey Markwell. An acquaintance of his acquired it to restore his old cars in. It was empty until further notice and ours for the use of. That just left two obvious issues, but they were sorted with a little time and patience.
First to arrange was the Security and then, second, the sound and visual/lighting system required for a space the size of a small hangar. Both were a breeze.
The lads on the doors, making sure your name was on the VIP Access Only list, were Joey’s top team. An obvious choice really as he’d be there to par-tay with everyone anyway. 
Then, everyone who had anything to do with music, and/or had studios, all donated their gear so the speaker stacks were out of this world. The place was packed with the best amplification money could buy, and the lighting had just come off tour after impressing some top artist, the shit even hung from the bloody walls. The whole setup was mind blowing and I orchestrated the whole show whilst juggling everything else besides. To me, peace couldn’t have come at a better time, however short lived.
Alas, as can be expected, it wasn’t to last, not for long anyway. A call springing my mobile into life was to cure that problem. I looked down at it playing a Toxic Tramps track as it lay next to me on my beloved swing-seat, now repainted its original off-white and with nice, new cushions. I deliberated when no number showed, but it could be someone about a hitch at the warehouse so, eventually, I had to answer it.
‘... Tee speaking ... What’s up?’ I chirped into the line as natural as ever.
At first there was a pause. I waited for the line to go dead; it was that kind of pause. I was about to hang up.
‘... Hi, Tee ... It’s me, Anna-Lee ... Have ya time for a chat? I’ll understand if you’re busy, of course,’ was an echo down the line.
The sound of the voice was light and upbeat, somehow it sounded a little surreal.
It took me a moment to compute the information, the voice, the sound, the words, and that name. Eventually I got there, as a cold wash drizzled down my arms and neck, into my hands and down into my torso, everywhere feeling the chill. Goose-bumps were there before I saw them, that dropping away feeling as fresh as the first time. I held my breath not knowing it, my mouth dry and in need of quenching. My words stole any moisture that remained, and they went something like this.
‘I’m always busy ... I’m a busy business woman, who works, everyday ... That makes me a busy person ... Anyway, what the hell do you want? Thought you’d joined a bloody nunnery, you’ve been so quiet? Mister Markwell finally got you trained, has he?’ was spoken, coldly, into the loveless line, and was probably not what Anna-Lee was expecting to hear at that moment in time.
I didn’t stop there. The other woman’s silence left the door wide open to give her some more.
‘... So, how can I help? Owe someone some money, hmmm? Did a dope-deal go wrong so you need a place to lie low for a while? Oh, no, has the fairy-tale tragically come to an end? ... No, don’t tell me ... Mickey has finally seen you for the nasty tramp you really are ...’
More silence. Seconds ticked by, as I waited for the sound of a dropped receiver. I waited a little more, considering whether to do it myself or not.
‘... Shit ... You’re one spiteful bitch when ya wanna be, ain’t ya, me-ow, pussycat? Well, sorry to trample on ya tulips, but Mickey and I are just fine ...’
Her horrible low pitched voice seemed to drawl the words just fine out a little, the sound like syrup, cloying and thick with accent.
‘Things are real good between us, you might be glad to hear ... And Charlotte Rose it getting to be so big now ... She’ll be five next month ... Mickey and I have been married five years this Christmas, don’t forget ... Where’s the time gone, I ask you? ... How far we’ve all come ...’
More silence, recalling their stupid wedding amidst shipped in snow, ice sculptures and a hundred overly expensive presents. I saw Max and me, our wedding, scented roses and silk, candles and slow dancing. That, in turn, was then replaced by a deluge of loss. How can you love and lose it all in such a short space of time. I was just thinking.
‘... Tee ... Ya still there? ... Look, there are some things I’d like to say ... I’d like to apologise and try to make things good, for once in my life. I know we’ll never be besties, I get that, but I hate there being this frozen wasteland between us. It probably won’t mean much to you, but it’s a big deal to me, it always has been ...’
Anna-Lee stopped talking. She felt she might not have been heard at all. She tried again.
‘The things that happened back then ... Max and me ... I ...’
‘I don’t want to hear it ... I didn’t want to hear it then, and I certainly don’t want to hear it now. You say you’re sorry,’ I laughed ‘... Sorry! ... You don’t know the meaning of the bloody word ... Unless Mickey finally slapped you round to it ... Which would be a bloody miracle in itself ...’
‘Hey, hey,’ Anna-Lee butted in, ‘I’m trying to do what’s right here, but ya ain’t giving me a damn chance ... Yeah, everything ya say is right, I was a bitch who needed her ass kicking, and I got it, when I met Mickey ... And I knew he was the one, and it just happened, and I got clean and I settled ... I found my place, Tee, I found where I belong ... Just like you did when ya met Max ... Ya knew, ya both knew ... And so did I ... In the end ...’
Suddenly, I was back in the game. There was the hook, and I just couldn’t help myself. Maybe I should have ended the call then, but I didn’t.
‘You knew, about us? ... How the hell did you know? ... That’s bullshit, you lying sack of...’
‘Because, you were all he ever talked about when I did see him ... Tee designed this, she overlaid that, Tee has a great eye, does a great shoot, drinks Jack like a guy, can party all night, yarda, yarda, yarda ...’
All of Max’s parts were said in her version of his voice.
‘... Ya want me to go on?’
‘Nah,’ I chuckled, ‘I get it ... I’m sorry, too, then,’ I found myself saying.
‘What?’ Anna-Lee asked. ‘Why are you saying sorry? ... You didn’t do anything wrong, honey, it was that ole corn-dawg, Max Manley, I blame him ... But, then, through him, I met Mickey so, really, it’s not all bad,’ was lightly said down the line, an air of laughter laid just below the surface.
But what was that other sound? It almost sounded as if ice might be thawing and cracking into smaller chucks after years of whiteout.
‘Okay, both of us are really sorry, right?’
I was willing to confirm it, looking out across the field before me, the haze beyond putting a shimmer to the line of trees in the distance. I knew it was going to be a hot day, I could see the mountains already, and it was only 9:30 a.m.
‘Yeah, that sounds about right ... I’m with ya on that one ...’
Anna-Lee was glad to clear that up at last. The relief of it hung just out of hearing. She knew I hated her with a passion, and rightly so, for what she’d done. Maybe we had moved forward, it felt a whole lot better than before. Maybe time had made things better for us, regarding Max and his absence.
‘Sure, so, with that done, and everyone in the clear, is there anything else you want?’ I asked.
‘Well, actually, there is something ... Ya’ll hear about it soon enough, I reckon ... No doubt it’ll hit MTV News in the next week or so ... Mickey bought out Sativa Beaver Studios in Vancouver ... We’ll be moving to Canada before the end of the year ... Looks like we’ll be neighbours again, girl,’ Anna-Lee chuckled down the line.
The information digested for a second.
‘... He bought out Sativa Beaver? ... I didn’t even know it was up for sale ... And what do you mean by neighbours? ... Oh, shit ... Where ya moving to, Anna-Lee?’
There was a moments silence before that deep-south accent chirped up once more.
‘Jeez, girl, don’t sound so crushed ... We didn’t buy a place in Canmore, if that’s what ya worried about ... Ya don’t...’
I butted in with, ‘... Where, Anne-Lee?’
‘Okay, okay ... It’s off Highway 2, south of Fort Macleod, not far from Hill Spring ... Mickey said he found it himself, he passed through it on his way to you guys once, said it reminded him of where he grew up ... Said, it would be perfect for Charlotte Rose ...’
Anne-Lee fell silent. Would I work out what she was trying to say? Guess she was about to find out.
Moving from my swing-seat to the open laptop on my kitchen table, I was already on it by the time the other woman finished saying Highway 2. Why did that and Hill Spring sound so bloody familiar? Looking down at the sprawling roads of Alberta I understood why. Anna-Lee was explaining an alternative route to Silver Spring.
Something sank inside me as I thought, ‘Please, not Silver Spring ... Don’t let it be anywhere near me and mine ...’
I finally spoke.
‘... Well, I guess it isn’t going to be Adelaide, Australia then, sadly,’ I said aloud, slowly smiling to myself. ‘And, judging by your ability to remember the directions, you really have sobered your act up, or are you reading from an idiot board? ... So, having said that, I think I’m going to be, let’s say, surprised by your new address ... Am I right?’ I questioned, sitting on the chair next to me, my forehead coming to rest in a supporting palm, phone on speaker, placed on the table.
Looking at Ziggy, he was oblivious to the conversation taking place. How lucky was he not to have to deal with that crap. I decided when I died I wanted to come back as a millionaire’s dog to crash around his many palatial pads. That sounded perfect, what are the chances though?
‘... Tee ... We’re moving to Glenwood,’ was all that needed confirming.
I knew in the second she said it. Glenwood, the text town south on 810, a forty minute drive maybe, Leo’s Pub and Grill a great place to eat and catch live music on a Thursday night, but not Silver Spring, thank the Gods.
‘Glenwood, huh ... Yeah, you can live there, I’ll let you ... So, that’s why you rang then ... Being matey with me will make you feel less uncomfortable, should be bump into each other ... Now I get it,’ I laughed, loudly. ‘And don’t go thinking, just because you’re down the bloody road, that we’re going to strike up some buddy bullshit ... I’m telling you now, it ain’t gonna happen, not in this lifetime,’ I confirmed down the silent line, I wanted that made very clear.
‘Yeah, whatever, I just thought ya’d wanna know ... Just in case we do bump into each other in Lethbridge ... Ya know how awkward that would be,’ came as a somehow slimy sound from my mobile’s speaker.
It made me pull a face, though the talker would never see it. I wondered if Anna-Lee was doing the same on the other end of the line. I imagined she was, well, I, myself, was doing it and so presumed the other was doing it too.
‘Yeah, well, it will be for you ... So, as long as you stay the hell away from me and mine, we should be okay ... But, if you clock me first, you better change direction quickly. Although I can do civil and diplomatic, there’s still something about your face that makes me want to smash it in ...’
I didn’t raise my voice. I said it with a calm tone, melodic even. My sentence ended with a lavish smile, the one I kept especially for events such as the one that was about to come to an end.
‘Shit,’ Anna-Lee spat, ‘ya still feel like that, huh, after everything I just said, ya still ain’t gonna give a little and let it go ... Does it still pisses ya off that much?’ Anna-Lee couldn’t help but ask.
‘Hell, yeah,’ I replied, my voice not angry, not emotional, my eyes slowly moving up to look at the blank wall by my stove, ‘it still pisses me off that much ... Even though I had Max’s best years, even though we turned it round and made it work, and after what you did to us, and how we ever survived that is a fucking mystery ... After all that, and all this time, yeah, I’m still pissed off, with you ... So, you ... You need to keep the fuck away from me ...’
I was lost in the rush of letting it go and telling the truth. The feeling was intoxicating, being able to say those words after all those years. It was like an exorcism, the evil finally being cast out, the feeling, fabulous.
‘... I don’t want you anywhere near me, ever again. I never did, and I never will, because you plagued us, and you made our lives misery to the point that I left Max ... You made me do that, and I hate you for it basically ... I’m glad, after all these years, I’m finally able to say it ... It’s sat inside me all that time ... You contaminated my relationship with Max ... You played havoc with my digestive system, not to mention the nights of pacing and chewing my nails ... So, really, I have all the rights, in this big old shitty world, to be totally, and permanently, pissed off, still, at you ... Really, I couldn’t give a shit where you live, Anna-Lee, here, L.A., the other side of the bloody universe, but, I do know one thing, and you better listen good ...’
There was hardly enough time to take a breath before the conclusion was forced onto the quiet listener.
‘... If you so much as flap a fake eyelash in the direction of me, or anyone I love, ever again, and I see it ... I will be calling your husband to tell him to keep an eye on his darling little wifey ... Seems she’s using the gym for a different kind of workout nowadays ... So, how’s that for starters ...?’
I chuckled when there was no reply, no argument, no denying, just a loud echoed sigh before our conversation was suddenly ended by the caller. Click, and she was gone
‘Well, thank fuck for that,’ was said to the dog as he waddled into the kitchen to see what was happening. ‘Finally, Ziggy, I think I might have gotten rid of the stupid hick, once and for all ... Paws crossed, aye!’ I smiled as I stood, my attention suddenly turning to a coffee, a spliff, and a well-deserved brunch.
~
With the whole event agreed with Chels beforehand, Stevie’s Stag Do was pulled off with all the precision of an embassy being stormed by the SAS. It all started for Stevie when he received an unusual emergency call from Joey, at 07:00, asking him to get his backside outback to the garage because Joey had some bad news about the 4x4. This he did, instantly, in nothing but boxers, dressing gown and slippers and with no questions asked, the poor, gullible sod.
As he entered said garage, he was grappled from behind, gagged, blindfolded, and then held while a cloth bag was forced over his head by a couple of guys dressed all in black, balaclavas included. He struggled and kicked, he writhed and wriggled but, alas, he was clearly fucked.
And so his day began.
He still thinks, and will insist on telling you, he was stuffed in the smelly boot of an old car for a long journey over bumpy ground, and in one way he was kind of right. Left, left, right, left again, ran a path through his head, his attempt of tracking his journey, the one that seemed to last an age. This was done for about two minutes until he realised he wouldn’t remember it all anyway and gave up.
Then he went into panic mode and thought he was going to slowly die in his small space, but eventually ended up in a halfway dream state, not awake, not asleep, just losing all track of time.
What really happened? Well, Joey, Jake, Dan, Terri and I, plus a hundred others down the line, all collaborated his kidnapping with Chels. He wasn’t in the boot. He was, as it happens, in an animal flight crate on the back of Terri’s pick-up, but he didn’t know that, did he?
It was quite a drive, all the way to Edmonton, so he was rather rattled by the time we landed after a few hours. Of course, his torture was never going be over quickly, was it, not under those circumstances anyway. The guys had to stop every so often for a coffee break, I had to make several loo stops because of that, and Joey knew of a great place to grab some late breakfast in a fab little diner.
Poor Stevie, dehydrated, uncomfortable, was hot and unable to voice his concerns about his dead leg and left buttock. It wasn’t long into his expedition that he realised the bastards had actually padded the inside of the boot, as he thought it. He tried kicking shit out of his enclosure but to no avail. His feet bounced off six inch thick, high density, foam, meaning no sound was to be heard beyond his cosily padded cell.
Okay, after what seemed like a lifetime, he might have needed to pee, he might have needed a drink, he might even have needed to scream for help but, regardless of all that, there was a huge possibility, should there be an accident, he wouldn’t suffer any bodily harm whatsoever.
That was a thought that paraded itself through his mind as he wiggled a little, the blooding finally feeding into a dead buttock then to a dead leg, the pins and needles an afterthought as they started their tingle down. And there’s no cure for them when you’re tied up, a bag over your head and stuffed in some mangy boot on your way to God knows where.
For some reason that thought made him chuckle a little. A tumble of funnies cascaded along behind regarding a crash whilst in transit. It played as a movie in his blacked-out mind. He saw those guys, probably surviving, and him, expiring in a ball of flames as the car burnt with him sizzling like an oven cooked sausage.
Then he saw them trying to explain the whole damn mess to an emotionally unstable Chels and Ma the week before the wedding of the year. Then he really laughed at that thought, the severe beating they’d all get from both grieving women. That in turned moved onto him surviving and those guys copping a halo each.
‘Sweet Jesus,’ he thought, ‘think of all that excellent music they’d be rocking to at the greatest gig in the damn sky with Max ... Man, I’d want in on that too ... If we go, we all go together,’ he grinned to himself, dozing.
That wasn’t the last thought he had about that stuff. As his head tipped and the snore was just about to kick in, all hell broke loose to the point that he thought he was going to meet his maker. When it continued for a while, no stopping, he could only surmise it was what it felt like dirt-tracking in a beaten up heap’s boot.
‘Yeah, guys,’ he smirked, his head bumping against the side as they hit a huge pothole, ‘let’s take the Shit-Stevie-up shortcut, that’ll make him not want to hit us, right?’
The vehicle came to a halt. He was suddenly alert again, ears pricking to the smallest of sounds, eyes trying to focus on the invisible light in his blank vision. Air was coming in from somewhere because he hadn’t suffocated, so far, and he hadn’t been gassed by vehicle fumes either
Audio hadn’t gone totally, he caught voices, near then far away, he heard other traffic passing, felt his ride react to the sixteen wheelers and doubles trailers slip stream.
‘And Ma always says I got no sense ... Well, my Stevie-Senses are working pretty damn well right now,’ he grinned in the darkness of his confines.
Within a second of that last thought leaving the process of its path, a strange motion started, sideways, as if the ride was being pushed somewhere, but where? Three attempts it took, before the drop came and weightlessness was a thing that made his stomach drop, a rollercoaster coming to mind. Then he landed, heavy, flat, onto something with wheels, but what, and where the hell were they taking him?
When the hatch was lifted, or the crate lid was taken off, silence greeted him, a funny silence. People were there that he could sense but gave no audible clues. He seemed surrounded and, he knew us, every one of us. However many we were in the room at that time, and he could feel many, he realised he had a connection with all of us, whatever that might be.
When taken out he was stood, feet still tied, onto carpeted flooring. His nose reacted instantly. Only one aroma was located, and it was blatant, me.
My perfume never changed so he just migrated towards it, a safe and familiar smell, something he needed right then. Because, although it was kind of funny, at the same time it was starting to freak him out a little, especially the blindness and not talking thing, for him, it had already gone on for too long.
With that, the action started. There was the sound of a group of people doing something with liquid. We were either peeing in jars or pouring shots, probably the latter, but he never knew with us lot.
‘Hey,’ he mumbled through his cloth gag, ‘don’t be peeing in jars with the intention of showering me with it, ya dirty bast’ds ...’
Firm hands took his wrists, either side of him, the grip powerful but kind on their hold, the handcuffs removed and the ties at his ankles to follow. The robe that hung from him was removed and he was transferred into clothing of some kind.
Some form of leg coverings first, then a garment over the top, something was sat on his head and tied under his chin. Finally, just when he thought the dressing process was over, each foot was lifted, in a Cinderella type way, and wrestled into what felt like court shoes.
Stevie protested around his gag again, his words just recognisable.
‘No ... Not heels, guys ... Can’t I do it without heels? Ya know I’m no good in ‘em,’ he pleaded.
Through the whole process he wasn’t allowed to drop his arms, they stayed lifted, out at the side as if the Angel of the North. A million worse case scenarios skipped through his head regarding his attire. Stevie’s nightmare began to take shape as his thoughts grew wilder.
‘Not a hooker! No, not Tee’s style for a guy, she keeps that for the chicks ... A clown ... No, too creepy, and she knows they freak me the fuck out ... Oh, jeez, no ... Not a clown, please, not a damn clown ...’
More shots were done, from the sounds of it. He was still awaiting his turn though, poor sod. He wished he could tell us that. It was even worse when we removed the bag from his head, leaving him blindfolded and gagged. Instantly he could smell the Jack like a breath of fresh air, it carried across to him, his nose lifting in its direction from where he stood.
With his arms still extended, and his sight still not accessible, he awaited the next act. His gag was then untied and removed.
‘Oh, funny, very fucking funny ... Get me a damn drink, RIGHT NOW, before I blind Ninja the fuck outta you guys,’ he cranked into the room before another breath was drawn by anyone.
A straw was forced into his parched mouth, the drawing action automatic after his ordeal. Slowly, gob full after gob full, his calm resumed and his clarity returned, and the thirst quenched. A long Jack and cola, over ice, was definitely the way to bring it all back together again. The smile appearing on his face said at least we’d got that bit right.
If you are wondering how everyone was communicating without talking, well, that’s all down to writing notes on our phones. Okay, there was that, and a lot of silly hand signals that many of us just didn’t get, full stop. But it was funny. And try not to laugh when someone tells you, or note-pads you, not to laugh, you simply can’t. The trying to stop makes it worse, and eventually you have to leave the room, usually because you’re asked to by silly hand signal or note, or both.
I broke the silence in the end, feeling I had to.
‘Sorry about this, dude, but it’ll all be worth it in the end ... You might think this is hell but, you’re getting married, pal, so ya ain’t seen nothing yet, kiddo,’ I chuckled, the sentiment striking a note with all those in the room.
And there was another little clue for Stevie. He smiled.
‘Oh, this better be good, you guys ... This better be damn good ...’
I smiled sweetly. Though he couldn’t see it he heard it in my voice.
‘Oh, Stevie, have I ever let you down? ... Have I?’ I asked, my arms coming up to fold across my silver sequined chest.
He was grinning as he replied.
‘... Well, up till ya bounced me half way around this damn country, in a beat up heap, ya were doing pretty good but, now! ... Well, now my beliefs in ya are a bit, let’s say dented, like my ass ... Sorry, what can I say?’ he chuckled, stood with his arms spread, as though his custodians were stopping him from flying away into the wide blue yonder, which was exactly where he wished he was at that moment in time.
‘Tee,’ he continued, ‘just remember ... I hate big spiders and loathe bugs of any kind ... I love flying in planes, but never intend to jump outta one ... And, lastly, if this has anything to do with lady-boys, I will not be happy with your ugly, stupid asses, okay!’ he calmly chirped to those around him.
‘Bruv,’ I replied, ‘no Manley will be harmed in the making of this next twelve, maybe twenty-four, hours ... Trust me, I’m not a doctor,’ I smiled, the hint of a laugh in there somewhere. ‘Hold on for the time of your life, my friend ... This is gonna be awesome, I swear ... Totally awesome.’
He tried to believe me, as he was walked out of the first room, which was small and warm, into a huge room, which felt completely different. It sounded different, smelt different, and there were more bodies offering more heat, it was like a parting sea around him as he moved through it.
And still a deathly quiet, no shushes, no coughs, no sneezes, no sighs, just long, cold silence.
He knew it was concrete as soon as the soles of his heels hit it. The steps he took led him through more warmth, more hushed beings. This part was really creepy. Stevie couldn’t help but air that thought on his journey.
‘Dudes, this is as creepy as fuck ... I know there’s like a hundred people here, but, the silence ... You guys are good, real good ...’
Stevie’s declaration nearly exposed a few, but their crowd mates added their hands to blanket the giggle or squeak before it was released into the ether. All in all they were doing pretty good, considering there was a mass of over two hundred people through the area that was to be revealed thereafter.
The ground beneath his feet suddenly changed. It was no longer concrete but a metal of some kind. Stevie was trying to work it out. Then he got it. He was in one of those old style lifts, the sort you used to get in the luxury apartments in New York, circa 1930. This was confirmed when the metallic sound of the closing door was heard. Now he knew.
‘Okay, what floor, guys? ... Ladies Lingerie?’ he chuckled to those in his vicinity.
His chatter stopped. More silence.
‘... We getting off here?’ he asked whoever was listening.
Still nothing! What the hell was going on?
Out of nowhere a loud as hell drum roll started. Its sound carried up to him and out across the space around him. His blood started to run a quickened course around his whole body. As the drumming crashed into its rock number, the blindfold was whipped off to reveal the landscape that he had been absconded away to.
The crowd below erupted with claps, cheers and whistles, all directed at Stevie and the position he suddenly found himself in.
Looking down at what he was wearing, he soon realised the need for the heels. Dressed as a Vegas Showgirl, with feathers on top and a tail, he was very yellow, as yellow as a little canary. This was rather apt, as it happens, because he was in a dance cage, twenty feet about a heaving mass of friends and associates, all partying, all waving and wolf whistling at him, oh, and taking photos, lots of photos.
He wasn’t alone in his gilded cage, oh, no. Attended by two other massive yellow canaries, six foot Joey and bean pole Terri; they each supported a belt of different liquor. Joey had the Jack and Terri had the Tequila, making it nice and easy to remember.
Stevie looked at them in their matching costumes and alcoholic beltlines, then around at the amazing space he was centred over, saw the lights and lasers and heard the beats and the bass lines. He was impressed, and in lots of ways, but shame about the stupid costumes.
Then he saw me. I was at the decks with DJ DexTah dressed as a silver Showgirl, all twinkly with white plumes and bejewelled headdress. I looked his way and waved. He waved back. I laughed and pointed down at my costume whilst hugging the DJ.
Stevie pulled a pose with the boys and their dancing began, and on it went until Stevie couldn’t dance anymore. Then we got the guys down, and it became really messy.
So, no, he didn’t get tied, naked to a post somewhere, as I had promised all those weeks previously. No, he had, in fact, entertained the masses dressed as a canary coloured Showgirl instead. And the photos are excellent and are there, amongst the rogues, on the Manley’s wonder wall, as Chelsea insisted.
~
‘... Please ... One of you’ll have to do it, Ricky Myers is beyond help. Have you not seen him out back? ... The man can hardly stand, let alone make a speech to the hundreds out there and thousands in TV land without drooling ... It’s either you or Stevie ... One of you has to help ... We’re screwed otherwise,’ Mark Cooper, next in line to Ricky, pleaded, his face ashen with the truth of the matter.
Stevie and I stood, looking at Mark, then at each other as he spoke. We had less than five minutes to decide and time was tick, tick, ticking away. He tried a last ditched attempt.
‘Look ... I’d do it, but I’ve never stood in front of people and squeaked a damn word ... You guys, you’ve done this stuff a million times before, and in front of thousands of people ... This might not be a minefield for you, but it is to me.’
He looked at the door and back at us again, the sweat beading onto his forehead, his bowtie suddenly tighter than it was a minute or two ago. Someone had to step forward and take control.
‘... I think we’ll have to do the best we can with what we got,’ Stevie said, as his glance moved to me. ‘Honey, I’m sorry, but you’re the one that works with words, if anyone can get it right tonight, it’s you ... Ya just gotta do ya thing on a whim, like ya do when ya giving us all ya good advice ... Me, I’ll hand over the cheques and crap ... Then we can get the hell outta there, mission accomplished,’ he smiled.
My eyes hadn’t left his face. I turned, my hands coming up to rest at my waist.
‘Okay, we can do this ... Guess we’ll have to do this ...’
I hurried away from both men and walked to the bar behind me, requesting another double Jack and cola, no ice. It was gone in five long swigs, my elbow flapping at my side as the residue was swallowed away.
Again I returned to Stevie and smiled.
‘... Right, let’s go do it, bruv,’ I croaked, moving in the direction of the stage door.

‘... And, now, to present ... The Max Manley Young Musicians Award ... Please, put your hands together and raise a warm welcome for ... Tee, A, Manley ...’
As the sound of my name bounced across that huge palatial space, Stevie and I stalked, a Max type walk, across the stage to the hands of the rich and famous clapping. Some were standing but most were still sat. The track they had chosen from the Ea$y collection played over the noise, the screaming guitar intro drowning out the crowd.
I had seen it all before, the same faces, the same expensive designer gowns even. There they were again, all because of Max.
‘... Thank you, thank you ... That’s very kind ... Thank you, very much ...’
I spoke into the microphone on the podium, whilst waiting for the clapping to die down a little before continuing, the music with it. Which wasn’t such a bad thing, I was still going over what to say, as I looked out into the crowd, clocking those I knew, the smile never leaving my face. The adoration that flowed from the mass before me, I loved it really.
Stevie stopped, just back a little, one step behind, the crystal and gold award resting in his warm hands and the cheques in a pocket. His eyes wandered out over the faces, into the darkness and towards the rear of the auditorium. There were hundreds of them sat out there, from all over the world. He found that astounding.
‘Evening everyone ... Is this place amazing or what?’ I asked those before me, the TV cameras panning passed to gain a different angle.
The reply was calls and claps, whistles and stomps, their way of saying it sure was.
The beautiful old opera house in Danesville had been renovated to an amazing standard. The boxes remained and housed a perfect spot to observe the unwinding night from. The stunning space was painted as if an old carousel, with long ribbons of blue and red, twisting and tying. There was that real feel of being back at The Grand Ole Opry. The style was still there and the echoes still heard in some places.
‘Well, I think it’s wonderful, not just the building, but the reason we’re all here tonight ... To celebrate the talent that the world has to offer in the music of the young ... I think you will agree, what we have seen here tonight, so far, these kids, they can teach us old fogies a thing or two,’ I chuckled, the ripple of laughter heard throughout the room.
‘Here, in this golden envelope, is the winner of the first Max Manley Young Musicians Award, good luck everyone, by the way ... And he would be, not only proud, but honoured if he were here tonight ... And I think you’d also agree with me on that, wouldn’t you, Stevie?’
I turned to my smiling brother-in-law. He nodded as he shifted from one foot to another.
‘... So, without keeping you guessing any longer, I’ll put you all out of your misery ...’
I cleared my throat as I looked at Stevie.
‘Ya ready for this, bro,’ I chuckled.
Stevie nodded again as he smiled, ‘Yeah, just get on with it ... I need another drink ...’
I turned, grinning, back to the patiently awaiting ears.
‘Ladies and gentlemen,’ I beamed, opening the flap of paper, ‘the recipient of the first ever Max Manley Young Musicians Award is ...’
A loud drum roll carried on the air surrounding us, as Stevie stole a look over my shoulder to read the name.
‘... MESON ...’
The word was released onto an expectant world, the guys of the band going crazy as they heard their name called over the crowd.
‘I remember doing that with Max,’ my brother-in-law laughed, watching backs being slapped and hands being shaken, the memories rushing back as if riding the crest of an old wave.
Stevie handed over the award and a cheque to each band member. He was hugged and chatted to, the hero of most young bassists.
The band, Meson, had their time in the spotlight, their thanks expressed and their love for their families told to a whole collection of stranger’s faces. In their minds they’d made it and, if they worked real hard to keep their noses to the grind stone, one day, in about fifteen years, their tenth album could put them in the muso hall of fame.
The after show party was no fun without Max causing an argument of kicking off in some way. I kind of missed the excitement of what might be coming next. Stevie never caused a scene, never got mean or nasty. He was a happy, funny drunk, just like me, and we were certainly pretty well oiled that night.
We finally crawled back to our pits at 4 a.m., after ripping it up in Meson’s penthouse accommodation. Stevie won the wet t-shirt competition, out by the roof pool, and I nearly pulled, but recanted after I found out just how young he really was. 
Less than a day later we were back home, and it was as if it had never happened. Once it was done, it was dusted. And it was as simple as that for us.
~
‘Come on, we’re gonna be bloody late ... What ya doing up there? ... You’re worse than a bloody woman,’ I called, checking my Cartier for the hundredth time after calling him all the names under the seamless sun. ‘Thinking about it, you are a bloody woman,’ I chuckled under my breath, the smile a flash then gone.
‘Yeah, I’m coming, quit with ya hollering, will ya ... I’m doing the best I can with this stupid tie thing ... It won’t stay done up and it’s starting to be a fuck in the butt,’ Stevie almost shouted from the upper landing of his executive suite.
‘Come down here then and I’ll bloody do it ... Christ, it’s like dealing with JR ... Only he’s quicker and way smarter,’ I replied, the last of my sentence said as a quiet mumble, a cheeky grin on my face.
‘Yeah ... Ya don’t think I heard that, do ya, ya cheeky son-of-a-gun? ... Well, just cuz I’m nearly strangling myself with this damn thing don’t mean I gone totally deaf, ya hear?’ came as a voice before the face on the stairs.
He was stomping down them, still faffing with his tie, not watching where he was going, stumbled down two of them, and then swore loudly whilst catching his balance again.
‘... Shit ...’
‘Arh, dude, come here ... Before you do actually decapitate yourself with the bloody thing ... And wouldn’t that go down well with our Chels right now? She’d love me explaining that, wouldn’t she? Especially today ...’
Stevie walked towards me stood by the door, his shoulders slouched, his arms hanging.
‘... Please rescue me before I die ...’
He came to a halt and looked at me. I chuckled. It was the face of his small son, bottom lip out, puppy dog eyes, fists scrunched at his sides.
‘Oh, sweetie,’ my eyes softened, ‘look at you, you silly old groom, what are you like?’ I smiled.
‘Am I pretty rubbish?’ Stevie mumbled with a sad expression.
Looking at my best mate I finished the perfect knot.
‘Dude, in my capacity as your Best Man, or should I say Best Bird, at this moment I’d say, no ... You’re more pants than rubbish ...’
His sad face became a smiley face.
‘That’s good then ... Pants are better than rubbish, right?’ he grinned.
‘Yes, dear,’ I grinned back, ‘pants are way, way, better than rubbish,’ I grinned as I patted his cheek. ‘Now, we go ...’
Turning I picked up the paperwork and the ring box. Putting the box in a waistcoat pocket, I then folded the paper to stuff into my back trousers pocket. I looked him over once more, whilst he stood admiring himself in the huge mirror by the door.
He was there, finally. His lightweight off-white cotton skirt was very loose fitting, as was mine. We both had the same oversized purple and silver swirl silk waistcoats. This cut suited Stevie, his height and broad shoulders carrying it off well. He loved his cream linen slacks, these suited him too. I smiled as I looked down, my hands in my pockets. He had thought the same as me then. Flip-flops were obviously the way to go, considering.
‘How do I look then?’ I asked him. ‘Reckon I’ll do?’
He turned to me and smiled, ‘Ya look like how I wanted my Best Man, or in my case Best Bird, to look ... Yep, you’re just how I saw ya, honey ...’
He raised a hand towards me and lowered it slowly.
‘... Exactly how I saw ya ... Right down to the damn flip-flops,’ he chuckled.
Blushing a little as my eyes sunk to the floor, my one sided grin was still there, and my hands in the pockets of my cream coloured matching slacks.
‘... Shucks, dude, ya say the nicest things sometimes ... Thanks ...’
My eyes suddenly shot to my watch.
‘Bloody hell, time to go, cheeky ... Ooh, one last thing though ...’
I snatched my mobile from my pocket as I walked towards him.
‘... We gotta get a few shots for the old wonder wall,’ I reminded him.
‘Fuck yeah ... Good thinking, Cat Woman,’ was his grinned reply.
We two friends stood together, arms to backs, as my hand brought the phone up for us both to look into. Matching outfits of the same fine cotton, both tailored to sink with each other, the swirl of colour and metallic fabric to the front, a subtle but nice touch. With loose ties and princess cut amethyst tiepins, there were cufflinks to match.
Stevie’s spiky hair, a thing that never really changed, was now trimmed and bleached, the colour enhancing his tanned face and neck. I still had my chestnut, waist length locks, my face aglow from the sun to my cheeks, bright grey eyes, if a little stoned already.
That was us as lifelong friends. That was our ‘besty selfie’ to go on the wonder wall back home. There was a bond never to be broken, a sister/brother just by another father and mother, a connection never to be lost, a friend to the bitter end. Stevie and I stood there, as bad as each other, but just the same.
The photo, when printed, was perfect, the light, the stance, everything. Except, we both had finger bunny ears out the tops of their heads, Stevie’s pulling a stupid face, and I’m poking my tongue out whilst scrunching my cheeks and eyes up. A great picture and still making us giggle to this day.

The beach of Nusa Dua, Bali, is a sight to see. A clear blue sky arcs across clear blue water that laps lazily onto a white sand beach that stretches for miles. It’s a place where hammocks hang between aging trees and cocktails are supplied upon request. Everyone enjoys the sea, sun and surf, the weather stunning, the ocean warm, and the location, perfect.
Stevie and I nodded hellos as we passed through the little cluster of people waiting in the lobby of the hotel. Hands were shaken and kisses accepted from those that occupied past, present and future. That group of family and friends would never change. Some had been there from the start and would still be there at the end, and that’s just the way is it sometimes.
When Beth turned and saw us approach her, with Stevie’s arm slung round my neck, she went a little misty eyed for the scene. She looked very pretty, stood there with Terri, in her lilac coloured maxi dress and her flat sandals and hat to match.
‘Oh, you guys ...’
She hurried towards us and threw her arms round our necks. On tiptoe she stood, just for extra height and a quick kiss.
‘... Ya look wonderful ...’
Beth pulled away to look us up and down, her hands clasped before her after the hat was pulled back into place.
‘... Very smart too, I must say, and those waistcoats, they look so smart ...’
Smiling, she looked at Stevie.
‘Your Daddy’s real proud of ya, son ... I know he is, cuz I know he’s watching over us, and I know he’s smiling down upon ya right now ...’
Taking his hand, her eyes took on a pretty watery blue.
‘... And I know I can say the same for Max too ...’
She rose on her toes, once more, to kiss the cheek of her boy.
‘... Well, good luck ... And be a good husband to Chels, ya hear ... She’s a wonderful person and has given ya two fine boys.’
Still smiling she adjusted his tie, though it didn’t need doing, and smoothed down the front of his waistcoat.
‘... And don’t ya ever forget ... I love ya, son ...’
Her hands came up so her palms could rest gently on his cheeks looking down at her. Beth then smiled and walked away.
‘See ya outside ... She’ll be out in a minute ... And she looks amazing, just like an angel,’ was called as she left for the beach, with a twiddle of fingers over her shoulder, her other arm being linked with Terri’s.
The little party all followed along behind slowly. Stevie and I eventually caught up with the Mother of the Groom, after a quick smoke off to one side. Beth had been shown to the front, right, and had taken one of the few seats there. Dan and Jake had also joined her, both of them looking quite smart in Hawaiian shirts and light cotton slacks.
The Groom and Best Bird took our places by the podium with the gentleman who would be undertaking the ceremony. We stood under a pretty arbour encrusted with tiny white flowers that radiated a scent of warm honey and subtle orange from its vines, the aroma still quite strong as the day cooled a little. Although it was 5:30 p.m. the sunshine was still being kind and the breeze resembled a warm silky flutter over cooling skin.
Chels’s party was yet to arrive. They would all be accompanying the bride down the beach anyway. All those that attended played a part. It made things so simple.
We all fell quiet as the music started. To one side, the live piano and cello chimed in as a pretty voice sang of promises and losing doubt. All heads turned and all where left breathless.
Tahlia, Chels’s friend from childhood, and Cat, her eldest sister, walked ahead with JR toddling along between them in his tiny cream shirt, trousers and mini waistcoat to match his Daddy and Aunt Tee-Tee. He looked so smart and beamed his smile as he walked to his Daddy, stood at the front. As soon as he reached Stevie he was scooped up to be level with me, so I gave him a quick kiss. And so the music played on.
With her Dad, Bob, on one side and Mom, Lana, the other, Chels strolled slowly though white sand, barefoot, smiling, centre, carrying baby Max. They were chatting as they looked at the small party awaiting them all. The remainder of the guests followed along behind, a parade of purple shirts and pretty pastel chiffon.
Chelsea did, indeed, look amazing, and the plain ivory silk gown gave her the air of a heavenly body. Simple, strappy, fitted at the bust then flared to the floor, a short train behind, her bare toes looking browner in the bleached sand.
Long dark locks curled and tumbled over brown shoulders. Where it had been heaped slightly to her crown, a diamond droplet tiara scooped more dark ringlets, the combination as pretty as a princess. She had the front hem caught up as she carried her precious cargo across the slippery beads below her soles.
Baby Max rested against his Mommy’s chest unawares of anything going on around him. The last thing Chels did was feed then change him. He was happy in his slumber, no need to be awake.
Stood before that stunning vista, vows were said, oaths were sworn and Chels became a Manley. She and I stood to one side after the documents had been signed and laughed we both had the same surname.
‘There are three Manley women in the clan now,’ Chels chuckled. ‘Those boys better beware ... Any trouble outta their dopey asses and we’ll slap their sorry hides into shape ...’
And so, as time rode towards a blinding evening, another Manley was added to the clan. It was done in a very stylish, low key manner, and was very witty, especially when it came to the Best Bird speech.

The ringing, resounding sound of something against a glass caught everyone’s attention.
‘... Ladies and gents ... Silence, if I my ...’
I stood as I touched the teaspoon against the vase before me. I didn’t want to break my glass, it was almost Champagne filled.
‘Wasn’t that stunning?’ I chuckled, rubbing my hands together slowly. ‘Thanks to everyone for joining us, here today, on this monumental occasion ... The guys getting hitched, wow, hard-core,’ I laughed, my eyes bobbing around the circle of people then out to the bay beyond.
I could see the lights in the distance, felt the comfortable temperature at last.
‘... And doesn’t everyone look nice?’ Nods of agreement followed. ‘Well, Chels, Stevie,’ my hands clapped together and rubbed palms again, ‘what can we say?’
Moving away from the table, I stood before something no one had taken any notice of until that moment. What looked like two large boards were sat, covered with white satin, resting on two easels, side by side.
‘... Well ...’
I lifted my left hand, my right resting in its trouser pocket, and swiped the fabric away to reveal a collection of photos, each picture set on a scale.
‘... What can we say? ... Indeed?’
At this point I took some half glasses from my waistcoat pocket and propped them on the end of my nose. After patting myself down, I looked at my watchers over the top rim of my half-specs and smiled. In my right hand I had a small drum that I caught with the fingers of my left hand. Pulling at it sharply, I produced a pointer. This was the beginning of the lesson.
Thwacking the pointed end against the card, I hit a picture of Stevie, aged about a year, naked, posing on a towel. This had been enlarged for all to see.
‘Here we see the Manleysaurus in its early stages of development ... Small and chubby, beware of the cheekiness, as this can be a problem at all stages of growth,’ I grinned in the direction of the chuckles.
Stevie was sat back, arms crossed, loving every minute. I was doing my posh English accent again, that alone cracked him up. Add to that the looking over the glasses at them. I was good.
Beth was finding it hilarious. She was wondering what I wanted the photos for. She finally knew, and it was great.
The pointer hit its next target. This photo showed Stevie at about age ten, with Max, stood by an old car. Max is only little, his elbow is leant against the passenger door and he’s seen laughing as Stevie pulls a silly face at his Dad with the camera.
‘Here is a later stage of the same specimen in question ... See the way facial communication is important to this particular breed ... He’s animated here ... He’s also able to make strange shapes with his mouth by only using his index fingers.’
Again I turned and grinned.
‘Cute little fella, ain’t he?’ I smiled, my face scrunching up.
While I did that, the pointer moved again. This time it landed on a teenage Stevie, older, wiser, and way more grunged up, hard looking, and a bit of a dude.
‘In adolescence they evolve yet again,’ I informed them, my look becoming serious for a second as it turned to face my avid listeners, but then a cheeky grinned bloomed. ‘They are now prone to Hang-Out and Be-Cool Syndrome and, at this stage of development, they also start to follow the fabled God known as RockYa’ll ... You can see the hands have adapted once again, observe the little and index fingers are extend whilst the others curl to the palm ... This two digit, demonic, display is maybe important somehow, a form of communication, as with our own sign language, maybe.’
I tapped it several times as I spoke.
‘... They’re also known to migrate at this point of their existence ... Usually in search of RockYa’ll, and also the God of Beer, DamnRightYa’ll ...’
Lastly the pointer landed on a photo I took of the newlyweds four years earlier. We’d all attended the Grammys that year, and the pic showed the gang of us after the boys had just exited the stage. Chels and Stevie were stood by the curtained entrance watching some famous person making a speech. Jake was stood behind Stevie with Max, and Dan stood the other side with Chels. They all looked very smart in their black Armani suits, ties and wraparounds.
‘Here we see the final stage, finding a clan of their own ... For this, they need a mate ... Don’t they,’ I turned and focused on the shrinking bride, who was trying to disappear by curling into Stevie. It didn’t work.
I grinned as I said, ‘... Chelsea, Amelia, Manleysaurus, nee Denversaurus?’
The remaining satin was whisked away to reveal the same scale just with a different story. The pointer hit its first target, in colour, another naked baby, only this one it was a real cutie-pie. With her dimples and curls, Chels Amelia Manley, nee Denver, was the princess of all babies.
‘The CAM, for short, is known to be a keeper ... Created with the abilities to tame the wild Manleysaurus, she is just biding her time, awaiting her moment to pounce ... Ain’t she just yummy?’
I pulled my usual scrunched up face, then made the same mmm sound as if I were cuddling baby Max. Again the pointer moved, now Chels is sweet sixteen and sat at a baby grand.
‘As pretty as a picture, in her red and white polka-dot dress, the CAM is now seeking higher education ... Her’s is in the field of music, in particular, the piano ... In years to come, this will play a crucial part in hooking the wild Manleysaurus,’ I grinned in the direction of Chelsea, sat with her close and extended family.
‘Lastly we see the CAM, relaxed, with said tamed specimen, in the company of her cubs,’ I cooed, my pointer landing on a beautiful black and white shot of the lovely Manley family.
Baby Max was a week old. I knew that because I took it. It’s gorgeously lit as the family sit together on the corner couch. Chels and Stevie are laughing at what I said and the outcome was perfect. Sandwiched in the middle is JR, he’s pointing at his Aunt Tee-Tee with one hand, he’s smiling, his little index finger of the other hand in his mouth. Click.
‘Fed and tended, until ready to leave the nest and find their own path in the world, the offspring will always come first ... And this, my friends,’ I removed my specks and closed down my pointer, ‘leads me to introduce to you, and also ask that you welcome them with a raised glass ... The wonderful, the talented, the tamed and adored, the gorgeous ... Mister and Misses ... Steven, Aaron, Manleysaurus ... I thank you ...’
The clapping and cheers started as I looked over all the faces of those watching me.
‘... Very good ... Very good,’ Stevie called. ‘... Yeah, okay ... Well done ...’
Smiling, as I returned to my seat next to Stevie, I elbowed him gently.
‘... It’s your go next, so suck it up, buttercup ...’
I puckered my lips together into a cheeky kiss, my cheeks pulled in a little, my eyes closed.
‘Why ... I aughta...’
He almost managed to finish his sentence, but for his Ma’s dulcet tones.
‘... Come on, Stevie,’ Beth’s voice chirped from her side of the huge round table, ‘we ain’t got all night, honey, and I’m growing old sat here ... I wanna be sleeping by two, if ya don’t mind,’ she chirped.
‘He, he ... Stevie’s it,’ I grinned, almost singing it.
‘I’ll get ya ... You just wait and see ... Ya ain’t heard the last of this, adopted Manley,’ Stevie grinned back. ‘Just remember ... I gotta say nice things about ya now,’ he chuckled as he stood to take his place at the table.
Laughing behind him, as he rose from his beautifully carved chair, I flicked out at his leg with my fingertips. He tried to dodge it but failed. Once standing, he reached for Chels’s hand.
‘Well, we did it, guys ... Some thought we wouldn’t ... And some thought she was crazy to say yes in the first place ...’
Stevie’s head nodded towards his bride as he spoke, the giggles and chuckles heard.
‘I thank the Lord for a lot of things in my life ... I ain’t always happy about what’s taken away sometimes, but Ma says that’s cuz there’s always a higher plan, it’s just they’re needed sooner than the rest of us ... You guys, you here today, you’re our family now ... And I wanna thank ya all for being here with us, to witness the love and emotion felt ... And for sharing that with us too, that means a lot to Chels and me, ya don’t know how much ...’
Chelsea’s face looked up at him as he spoke, her eyes seemed misty, her hand clamped in his. Looking away, she glanced over at my smiling face. My hands were in my armpits, with my legs stretched out, slouching, in just the same way as Stevie tended to do.
‘Each and every one of ya are special to us ... Tahlia, you’ve been like a sister to Chels, and me, for years ... Jake, Dan, you guys are like my brothers, always have been ... Cat, we’ve seen each other growing up, and it’s been one hell of a ride, wouldn’t ya say? ... I love you guys, you’re my family, and I wouldn’t want it any other way ...’
His free hand came up to his chest as he said the last of his words. He was smiling at all of us around the prettily laid table, every word meant to each of us.
He looked to the other side, those that sat opposite.
‘... Bob, Lana, good friends, good people, ya took me into ya family and made me welcome, plus, ya made me feel like I was good enough for ya lovely daughter ...’
His hand didn’t stray from his chest as the sincerity continued to veil his eyes.
‘And Terri ...’ they shifted to the young man sandwiched between Chels’s older sister, Cat, and Jake. He smiled at him fondly, saying, ‘... He’s one of the new additions to our crazy brood ... And just as much a part of it as any of the other kids ... You’re a brave young man to come this far, and braver still to take this crazy lot on ... Are ya sure ya wanna do that, kid? ... Ya could still run,’ he chuckled down at the young face looking up, the face that reminded him of the only one missing.
Everyone joined in with Terri’s laughter. He shook his head as he rested back in his chair, his sitting position the same as mine.
‘No! ... Ya ain’t gonna sneak a chance to get gone before ya get consumed by the Manley Madness?’ Stevie chuckled.
Again, Terri shook his head as he smiled, ‘Nah, Uncle Stevie ... I’m right where I’m meant to be ... And right where I wanna stay ... Just goes to show I’ve already got it, but thanks for asking,’ the young man laughed aloud.
‘Now, that’s my kinda answer, and I’m glad ya came and found us ... We love ya, kid,’ he smiled over at his young nephew, who was no longer lost but, as came from the mouth of a babe, right where he wanted to be.
‘I love you guys too,’ the youngster grinned, looking around the table, his eyes coming to rest on who he’d come to class as his Mum, me, his buddy, his comrade, his confessor and guide. 
‘Ma,’ Stevie continued, shifting his gaze a little, ‘my rock, my both sides, my listener, my friend ... Ya let me spread my wings and see the world ... Ya gave me freedom ... Ya gave me life, I wouldn’t be here without ya ... I love ya, Ma, always will,’ he smiled down at her.
Terri’s eyes shifted from me to Beth. He’d come to love her too he’d realised. She blushed and smiled, the light catching the watery eye she was trying to combat.
‘... And let’s not forget my Best Bird, the crazy cat woman of Tee Town ... That’ll be you then,’ he chuckled, looking down at me.
I returned his silly grin, arms still folded, slouch still slouching.
‘I wanna thank you, from the bottom a my bass beating heart ... Ya did me right proud today, honey ... Ya stood in shoes only one man was ever gonna fill, and ya know who that was, don’t ya?’
He softened around the eyes as the light in them changed a little.
‘We were gonna take on the world and leave it burning to the ground, him and me ... I was his Best Man, he was gonna be mine, we were brothers ... Yeah, we fought like hell sometimes but, he was my little pain in the ass, my little sidekick, my little bro ...’
He spoke to all the guests next, not just to me.
‘Well, sadly, he couldn’t make it here today, got a big gig, up there, with Cobane probably ... So, I had to have the next in command ... Tee has been my Best Bird for a while now, other than Chels and Mom of course ... She’s been adopted by me and my family, by Chels and her’s, by young Terri there, and even by the Ea$y crew too, so that makes her kinda special ... When Max and her first met, ooh-we, some fireworks hit the sky ... We could see it coming, it was just a matter of time before they did ...’
A round of laughs and chuckles rolled the area before him. They were right there with him. All of us remembered it as though it were yesterday. Me especially, my misty eyes dropping to look at Terri sat opposite, his on me and my changing features.
Suddenly I wasn’t sat at that table anymore. I was floating, off into the sunset to chase a star or two. Something was changing inside me. It pushed tears to my eyes, it made me feel heavy but light at the same time.
Funnily enough, Dan saw that change too. Max still had a hold then. Seems he was there, in a way, and his was one ghost that would never stay gone.
‘We, you, me and Chels, we’ve seen a whole heap of sides to life, ain’t we, honey? Come some miles together too, huh?’ he asked me, his soft voice just heard by those around him.
I nodded, slowly, still looking at Terri, his blond locks and blue eyes. I was still smiling as though off in a dream.
‘And ya never fail me, ya never falter, ya didn’t leave me wasted, tied to a post somewhere, naked ... No, ya got me in a dance cage, twenty foot above the masses, dressed like Suzie the Showgirl ... But that’s a different story, folks, and one neither my bride, nor my Mom, wanna hear right now,’ he chuckled with a cheeky grin.
I snorted out a laugh slightly louder than I wanted to. I was back at the table again.
‘Lastly ... I’d like to thank my beautiful bride, Chelsea ...’
His flute rose towards her, his toast being made.
‘... For her encouragement, her support, her love, her crazy whit, and for giving me the most incredible kids in the world ... Ya make me complete, honey ... Thank you for choosing me ... Ladies and gentleman, raise ya glasses, please, to my stunning wife ... Misses Chelsea, Amelia, Manley ...’
The table stood and made the requested toast, to follow saw a cake cut and photos taken in abundance, by the fountain, on the beach in a hammock, with the sunset, the stars and the smiles. Camcorders ran in many hands, all the shots to be collected and collated at a later date. Babies were passed and entertained. Max slept through most of it, and JR danced until he passed out in his Aunt Tee-Tee’s lap.
The day seemed to last an eternity. People filed off and retired to bed, the rest hovered for a while but then wandered off to theirs. Stevie and Chels went back to the suite Stevie had been using, then Dan and Jake returned to their quiet villa down the shore.
Last to leave was Terri and me. We finished our drinks before heading towards different apartments within the vast metropolis that lay on the shoreline. We were quite pissed and very happy.
We’d danced and sang, we’d talked and walked, and we’d partied and played. Our bond was growing, the fondness a nice thing to witness. It could always be seen in the way we laughed and joked together, our heads touching, our shoulders bumping, the quiet giggling.
And, so, the deed was done, Chels was a part of the clan for good, not that she wasn’t before, but now it was official, on paper, signed by witnesses. Suddenly she carried a different surname, one that was well known across the whole country, and several others besides. Suddenly she was a Manley.
~
A summer in the mountains is a beautiful thing to see. The sun is hot, burning you in less than half an hour, if you happen to be wearing anything less than Factor 30 or stronger. The lakes are a lazy sheen reflecting tress and monumental apexes looming beyond, the tallest still encased in its permafrost in patches. The trees stand tall and eager for light, their winter crusts now the white water rapids racing passed, feeding the lakes in the valleys below.
On the flatlands the earth bakes and the crops grow fast. The mineral rich topsoil makes for good grazing too, horses and heifers alike, which all look bright-eyed and chunkily built. Miles of fallow land can be found on your way from Calgary to Canmore. The pattern is much the same heading south to Silver Spring and the boarder to the U.S.
Terri’s time had been spent doing all the things he had in mind to do. The practice with Jake was going really well, all his other time was spent in the studio recording or out playing live, getting the experience. That’s the part he liked the best, the live shit. That’s the bit that really grabbed him by the nuts.
If Terri Daley-Manley, as he was thinking of calling himself (a mouthful, huh!), thought things were maybe starting to slow down, he was very wrong. Recording his demo tracks with Stevie had finished, a pile of which were wrapped and ready to go. He tried ringing AJ on several occasions, but there was never a reply. Then he was sucked into the next surprise on the To Do List of his life. But still AJ remained on his mind, right there, hiding in the dark.
On one particular day he was sat with Stevie and Dan down in the studio. They’d been talking about a few new projects the guys had been tempted with but, really, they wanted to get a band started again.
I appeared, nachos all round plus drinks, and had caught parts of their current reminisce. Dan had started it but Stevie was filling in the details of the gig in question. He chuckled as he spoke.
‘Yeah, and that damn stupid brother of mine picked up my drink, yeah, my drink, and pours the whole damn thing over that little assholes head ... Max walked off saying something about how he aughta take him outside and show him what a guitarist can really do with his hands,’ he laughed, the memory as bright as ever.
‘What’s that?’ I asked as I made myself comfortable in Max’s old office chair. ‘Are you talking about the second Yank tour? I remember that one. Didn’t he streak the pool at midnight when those teenage girls where having some eighteenth birthday party or something?’ I grinned at my bro-in-law.
‘Yep, that’s the one,’ Stevie chuckled, lifting a nacho and guiding it towards his awaiting mouth.
Dan swallowed before speaking.
‘... But, Terri, when ya Dad got really torched on stage, two nights later, we thought he was gonna deck a guy in the front row ... Ya remember that, Stevie, do ya?’
Stevie, chomping away, smiled and nodded his confirmation.
Dan continued.
‘... He kept sneering down at this guy who was trying to stare him out. So, Max started pointing in this dude’s direction and almost screamed the lyrics to Your Time Is Up at him. By the time the guy could escape, Security had to stop Max from jumping into the crowd to get the silly bast’d. Anyway, Max just wanted to shit him up a little, so he had Security follow the fucker all the way to the stadium doors. We laughed for weeks over that cuz, man, he was so damn funny telling it like it was ... Wow, your Dad,’ Dan smiled, ‘what a showman, he so rocked at gigs. I loved touring with him ... There was never a dull moment, never, not in all those years I knew him. Man, fabulous times, really fabulous ...’
Dan fell quiet. Stevie and I knew exactly what he meant, we remembered. I only spoke because I was the only one not eating or drinking.
‘Well, maybe you should reform Ea$y with Terri doing lead vocals and rhythm. Jake could take over as lead guitar but still do the backing vocals with Dan. How does that sound?’
I shrugged my shoulders as I spoke, not expecting anyone to take on board that which I had just spontaneously suggested.
There was a tumble weed moment through the office. Everybody stopped moving, stopped eating and stopped drinking. All eyes turned to me.
‘Well, bloody hell, guys, you’re all sat down here moaning about how you all miss being in the band and out on the damn road ... And I just thought, well, wouldn’t that be the most obvious answer to it all,’ I continued over the looks and silence. ‘Jeez ... I was only suggesting it guys ... Forget I even mentioned it ...’
‘... Oh, my, God ...’
Stevie swallowed and then launched himself from his seat, spinning on the spot with his half eaten nacho still between his fingers.
‘That’s an amazing idea, Tee ... Amazing ... Why the hell didn’t we think of it? Why the hell didn’t I think of it? Yeah, that’s the answer ... Damn it ... Damn it ...’
Stevie was so excited he nearly burst nachos all over the place.
‘Whoa, there cowboy ...’
It was Dan’s turn.
‘First up, it can’t be Ea$y, not without Max ... It was his baby, his show, his gig ... And secondly, we’d never get the slots with some unknown at the helm ... It won’t work, Stevie ... Sorry Terri, Tee ... But I don’t think it’ll work, not at all ...’
Stevie had an answer for everything and, this, Dan should have known.
‘We could have Max’s baby at the helm, driving us in a new direction, with fresh sounds and a new perspective ... As for an unknown, well, guess we’ll just have to make his face known to those that matter, won’t we? He’s started that ball rolling with the session stuff he’s done with the Kyle Brothers. Things could be awesome ... We could be touring again too ... And, right here, right now, that sounds a damn fine idea,’ he grinned, his eyes turning from one face to another.
And, so, life was pushed back into the band formally known as Ea$y, the pulse as strong as if driven by Max himself, the forward motion thrusted into being by an outsider. Once word spread, the new kid in town was Max’s son, the interest was bound to go global. Ea$y had risen from a pile of cooling embers, my one breath enough, maybe, to bring about the same thing, but with a slight twist to its make-up. Now it was time to see just how much life they could force back into it, and whether it could stand another go round but, this time, without Max playing his part.
~
‘You bloody did it, didn’t you, you silly, little sod? Even after everything I said to you? Even after the bloody promises you made ... You still did it, didn’t you? You still went back?’
I was hurting and it showed.
‘Haven’t you anything to say for yourself, anything? How about sorry? Sorry would be a good place to start, sorry might get you somewhere ... Try saying it ... Just try ... I dare you ...’
I wasn’t very happy, not after hearing the latest development in their ridiculous Hollywood Romance.
Terri turned to face me. He was stood at the breakfast counter, den side, rolling a smoke. I had burst in through the double doors, my words boiling over, dying to be said.
‘What the bloody hell are you on about? ... When you calm down and try again, I might just start listening,’ he replied, his perfect joint being lifted to his perfect lips.
I hurried forward and snatched it from where it had come to rest. Standing with it in my clenched fist my features became frozen.
‘Did you, or did you not, meet up with AJ and spend the bloody night with her in Montreal?’ Stopping, I almost screamed at him, ‘... DID YOU ...?’
Terri could hear, and see, that his crumpled joint was not going to be forthcoming so, taking his rolling gear, he turned and walked to the supasofa. He landed in it as if dropped from a great height and proceeded to roll another one. He didn’t speak, he had nothing to say. I was right, he had. His look had shown it.
‘So, it’s true then? It must be, if you can’t even be arsed to lie to me about it, like you usually do,’ I babbled over his silence.
‘Look,’ Terri tested the waters, ‘we so tried to stay apart, we really did ... Even after what you said and what we said ... We really did try... It just didn’t work ... We can’t do what you ask, Tee ... I’m sorry, but we just can’t ...’
To Terri’s surprise I didn’t get angry, whilst turning green with my jeans and t-shirt ripping into shreds. I just sat down, as quiet as a mouse. Ziggy wandered over, his muzzle coming to rest in my lap, as ever. My hand lifted and stroked down a velvet ear, the dog’s eyes closing with the calm action. All was at peace again.
‘I can’t lie to you ... I know exactly what you mean,’ I half smiled, my eyes coming up to connect with his. ‘I tried to stay away from Max ... We could go months without seeing one another. Then, just when I’d think it was finally over, he’d reappear, ripping down all my stupid defences, and rendering me a complete fool until he left me again ... And it went on like that for nearly two years before anyone would commit ... Crazy really,’ I smiled, my focus moving to the world beyond the huge windows.
Terri went to pass me his joint, I declined, opening my fist and lighting the squashed one I’d stolen from him. He slowly smiled. His silence was a comfortable thing to linger in, as it was with Max once, long ago.
‘Whatever it is you have going on with AJ, just remember a few things,’ slipped from me as I took a long pull. ‘Life will take the young musician in both of you around this big, old world. You will see a million places, a billion faces, and every one of them has something amazing to offer, at that moment in time. What you guys have to watch is, it doesn’t matter where you are, or what you do, there is always, and I mean always, someone watching your every move and every fuck-up.’
My eyes moved to Terri once again.
‘Honey, I’ve seen what you’re seeing, right now, the life, the love, and it’s all good ... But, please, don’t let history repeat itself here ... And don’t chase a hollow dream, they’re not worth it ... They lead you nowhere, real quick, and once it’s done, there’s no going back, no rewinding ... You just have to brave it out, and swim like fuck, till the next time you both touchdown at the same time and in the same place, and that can be a bitch most times, I can assure you ... It’s murder, Terri ... Bloody murder,’ I said sadly.
‘Well, I’m glad to say we aren’t you guys, I’m not my Dad and AJ’s not you ... So, right now, I only know one thing, Tee, and that’s AJ is going to have to be a part of my life, or I won’t have a life at all ... It’s as simple as that really ...’
His eyes hadn’t left mine. They were locked together with the truth slowly coming out.
‘I know all the stories about Max and you trying to get your shit together,’ he replied.
His smile sadly died away, no smile left.
‘... And I know some of the shit with Anna-Lee, too, and how she nearly split you guys up. Uncle Stevie told me snippets of it, so I know how you guys fought to be together, and how long it took you to finally get there, I know that too ...’
He paused, the look on my face changing a little with the last of his words.
‘And I’m right there, right now, so, please, I don’t need another lecture about all the crap ... I need some advice about how to keep it alive, and how I bring her into my life for good ... That’s what I want, Tee, and I could really do with hearing it from you,’ he chuckled, the light catching in his eyes of blue.
Squinting, a sharp twinkle in the light bounced back into the room.
‘So, okay ... What are you waiting for now then? The right time, the right place? You have to listen to me on this ... I’m only saying it because I know this shit already ...’
‘Yeah, and I know that too, Tee, I do ... And that’s why I wanna get it right with AJ,’ he smiled. ‘I wanna do it how Dad did with you ... He bided his time, made a plan, he worked it all out before making that final move ... And it worked ... As you’ve said, you had the best years of his life ... And I totally believe that, because he was ready for it ... He knew what he wanted, he worked towards getting it ... And it worked ...’
Terri looked over at me and laughed.
‘... He got you ...’
Taking a pull on my aromatic smoke, my answer followed my exhalation.
‘So, okay,’ I conceded, ‘there are several things you’ll need to remember then ...’
I leant towards him as if this would help him hear me better, my eyes not leaving his.
‘Make sure the road ahead is paved properly, have everything in place, get ready to go, because there’s no going back after you do the deed. If you’re talking marriage, do it on the spur of the moment, and as romantic as you can make it, that always blows a chick’s mind,’ I grinned, my features alight with the excitement of it all. ‘Oh, and never forget, use ya manners .... Don’t leave her lonely, Terri. No girl, especially a girl like AJ, likes waking up alone ... Always try to be there when she wakes, and if you can’t be there, ring her ... That’s when she’ll know you’re really committing ... That’s when you’re on your way, baby boy,’ I chuckled.
Standing, I walked from my spot to put two drinks together. Terri sat thinking as he heard ice hit glass, liquor and mixer to follow. He looked at his watch. It was indeed 1 p.m. making it drinkies o’clock.
The long Jack was passed over as I smiled down at him.
‘So, you got it then? ... And real hard, by the looks of it,’ I grinned, taking a few sips from my tall glass.
Terri swallowed his first mouthful and glanced up at me.
‘Huh? ... What ya mean, got what real hard?’ he questioned, the quizzical frown lowering his brows for a second.
‘The slap in the face ... Course, it could’ve been more like a shock that jolted the shit out of ya,’ I babbled.
‘What are you waffling on about?’ Terri asked, not sure what the hell I meant by that.
‘Oh, catch on, you bloody child,’ I laughed. ‘... The slap in the face ... The punch in the nuts ... That wonderful feeling of being in lurve ... You did, didn’t you? That’s why you can’t stay away from her ... And I bet my weight in wages, it’s not long before you go back ...’
Terri smiled as his gaze came up to meet mine.
‘Sometimes, I don’t know whether to slap or kiss you ... But, yeah, she got me, Tee, she got me ... Well and truly,’ he chuckled, his eyes a blaze of powder blue.
~
The autumn we saw that year was one we could all have done without. That cutting northerly wind didn’t just bring early flutters of fine, white flakes. It also brought tidings of no joy at all along with them. In fact, it was bad, really bad.
The second Terri walked into the den that night, and out of the freezing darkness, I sensed something was very wrong. Yes, part of that was the look on his face and his lack of colour, but there was also the way he was physically holding himself, arms across his body, as if he were hurting internally. A gunshot or stabbing flashed through my head. No blood though. Phew!
It was when he locked eyes with me did I finally see the grief emanating from the boy. It came as a tide to change temperatures and send a sinking feeling to the very pit of my burning stomach. I moved towards him from the kitchen, the fear of him collapsing a thought of all its own.
His right arm came up and around my shoulders as I assisted him to the high stool near the counter. When I tried to release myself he wouldn’t let go. I held on for as long as he needed.
‘Terri, sweetheart, what on earth has happened? ... Talk to me,’ I soothed, my question oozing sympathy, the warmth touching his frozen core and giving him a little more colour, second by second.
Stepping away I looked down at him, his head forward. There were those big sighs again. There was the control and rigidity that comes with them. The young man remained quiet as he composed himself. Finally his face turned upwards, his tears having painted wet lines down his face. Having never seen him cry before, I didn’t quite know what to do at first. Then he spoke, saying the saddest words he’d said in a while.
‘I had a call this evening, on my way back from seeing Reedy.’
Again with the big sigh as he looked away from me towards the vast windows, the words getting stuck in his throat a little.
‘... My Mother died, Tee ... She had a massive heart attack, like you did ... She died, last night ... And I didn’t get to say goodbye ...’
That look on his face, as his tears tipped over the edge again, was enough for me to know his heart was silently breaking within him. There he was, dealing with the loss of another parent. He tried to smile but it wasn’t registering anywhere else than his pale lips. His voice faded away as he heard his own words for the first time, all fresh and more emotional when said aloud. He needed to repeat himself. For some reason he just had to. With a dam about to burst behind it he curled into himself, his chin to his chest, his eyes lost under a long mop of loose curls.
‘... I didn’t get to say goodbye ...’
That was when the tide crashed over the edge, reducing the young man to a howling mess. That was the point of no return. That’s when it became real. Not only did he not get that chance to say those words, but it’s one of those moments that will never come again with that particular person. Once they’re gone, they’re gone, and when there’s five thousand miles between you both, it makes it impossible to be there on demand, you just can’t do it.
Pulling him into a gentle hug, his arms snaked around my waist
‘I’m so sorry, kid ... I’m so sorry,’ I crooned.
Without even knowing it I automatically started that well used rocking action which parents and those alike know all too well. Instinctive is a good word to use. It’s funny how it’s such a natural motion when an infant is hurt in some way. It’s done without thinking about it, every time.
There came a silence of sorts. It tumbled along until it was interrupted by his closing sob and shudder. Eventually they ceased and all was calm.
I tried a line or two to test the water. It was all new to me, learning as I went. This was brand new ground for my two left feet. Trampling on a raw nerve, or inflicting more pain, was not what I intended. I wanted to help, to heal. I wanted to take it all away, not bruise the poor boy more.
My warm palms rested either side of his soggy face. Turning it up to me I smiled down.
‘We’ll get you a ticket booked ... We can do that now if you want? You’ll need time-out, honey ... And your Dad needs you too ...’
‘I don’t want to go, Tee ... I don’t want to go at all ... I can’t go back ... I can’t ...’
He seemed crushed by the thought of entering England and touching down. His arms engulfed himself again, his eyes dropping to the floor.
‘What?’ I questioned. ‘Why’d you say that? Are you in trouble over there, Terri? Is that why, huh?’ 
‘No, because of what she said, when I came here, and what I said to her too ... It ended it as far as I’m concerned,’ his replied, his volume dropping a little, his sadness retreating. ‘That’s why I only ever spoke to the old man on the phone ... I didn’t want to hear from her again ... She killed everything in me ... It’s all her fault ...’
He fell silent, the tears all done with, his immaturity showing through the words he chose.
Sitting down on the stool beside him, I patted his jeaned knee.
‘Okay, I get it now ... What was said between you two?’
His stance didn’t change much. The arms were still crossed, the world not getting in. He was holding on but it was slipping, he could sense it. He thought about it briefly. Maybe that’s why they call it having a dump. You get rid of all the shit, don’t you? And maybe the time was right to go through those motions. What did he have to lose?
‘She said ... As I classed myself as Max Manley’s son, whom she’d had the pleasure of reading all about in the papers, she didn’t want me to go back and throw my money around as if it were water ... Also, no son of her’s is a Rock Star’s love child, and she’d rather not have that fact publicised ... What the hell can you say to that, Tee? ... What?’
His face rose as he spoke, his eyes travelling to another point in time, far, far away.
I was in awe.
‘Urh, blimey ... I don’t know,’ I muttered, ‘I really don’t know ...’
My hands came to rest in my lap, fingers linking together. I thought a second.
‘Well, ya must have said something in reply, Terri, clearly ... What was it?’ I questioned, afraid I might not like the answer about to fall from the young man’s lips.
‘Arh, well, that’s the thing ... I mighta been a bit angry, at the time, and said stuff I wouldn’t of said otherwise ... I’d just done a straight eighteen hours in The Dungeon. I was tired and hungry, stuff was backing up on me, and her saying that made me wanna scream down the bloody phone at her, the silly bitch ...’
‘Whoa there, tiger ... That’s the woman that opened her house and heart to you as a kid ... You could have done a bloody sight worse than a couple like they seem, seemed, to be ... And, your birth Mum chose pretty bloody well if your University grades are anything to go by ... Don’t bemoan the opportunities you were given in life, we’re not all that lucky, I can assure you,’ I smiled at the young man beside me. ‘You still haven’t ended the story of what you said,’ I tried again, ‘Are you gonna tell me, or do I have to beat it out of you?’ I chuckled.
He smiled as he glanced over at me.
‘Look, Terri, whatever it is, I’ll understand, honest ... I’m not here to make you do something you don’t want to do, I’m here to help, so let me, please,’ I smiled, my warm hand patting his cold one.
His eyes didn’t meet mine, they just wouldn’t.
‘I told her, that was okay, cuz I didn’t wanna be the son of some sad old bitch who was as bitter and twisted as she was ... If she felt that way, I suggested she go buy herself another kid, with better prospects, preferably one from a gene pool that held an I.Q. of two hundred ... It was at that point she screamed something about me being an ungrateful little bastard, and a huge let-down, and how she’d wished the old man hadn’t talked her into adopting me in the first place ... She hung up on me after that, and hasn’t spoken to me since ...’
I sat in silence looking at the young man beside me, my hand on his, his head forward hiding his face. I made no comment, I didn’t interrupt even, but, there was a rather loud whistle of inwardly shot breath when he said the word bitch.
The young man’s sigh was nowhere near as loud as its predecessors had been. Finally his gaze came up to meet mine.
‘Aren’t you going to say anything? Thought you’d lay into me or something,’ Terri queried, waiting for a barrage of advice about something he couldn’t change.
I smiled slowly. ‘Now, why would I do that? ... Nah,’ I chuckled, ‘it’s not about me having a go at you, silly, it’s not even about me hearing it ... It’s all about you saying it ... And don’t you feel better now you’ve said it, now you’ve told someone and got it off your chest, bet ya feel way better? ... You do, don’t ya?’
I already knew that answer. I watched Terri thinking about it. He finally smiled, for the first time in a long time, his eyes, calmer, and not leaving mine.
Then he laughed, ‘Ya know, I’ve covered thousands of miles in the time I’ve been part of this crazy family. I’ve seen amazing things, met the weirdest people, and partied with some of my muso heroes ... I’ve seen the highs, the lows, the bloody near impossible happen ... But it has, for me ... And, there, standing not a foot away, has been you, my guardian angel ... Really, I class you as my Mum, if you don’t mind me saying, that is ... You do all those Mum things now, the hurting, the pacing, the moaning, the hugging, all that good stuff, just like a real Mum should ... Only difference now is, I like the way you do it ... You let me grow on my own, but you’re always there to guide me ... And that’s how it should be ...’
He fell silent again, his words said, his declaration made.
Laughing to myself, I rose from my seat to go make some strong coffee, which we both needed.
‘You make me giggle sometimes, really, you do ... And, hey, thanks for the kind gesture, I really appreciate it but, can’t I be the lovely, mad, Aunt instead ... I’m way too young to have a twenty something year old son ... I’d just like to clarify that ...’
Terri chuckled, and it was a nice sound, making the room warm again, as if Max himself were there to make it so.
‘Let me just remind you ... You’re nearly forty-two years old, so you are now, officially, old enough to be my Mom,’ he sniggered, watching me sort cups and load the coffee machine. ‘Besides, you should be proud to have a kid like me, I’ve come a long way, that’s what you said, so you must be right proud ... That’s all down to you and your very original mothering techniques ...’
Turning, with a cheeky smile on my face, my hand came to rest on my hip as he finished his sentence.
‘And what original mothering techniques might they be then?’ I wanted it confirming. ‘Don’t tell me ... It’s the way I let you get away with bloody murder, sometimes, but then scream at you when you don’t wipe your feet or take your muddy boots off?’ I giggled.
He followed with his own low laugh, saying, ‘Yeah, that’s the one ... And then, after you scream at me, you pass me a joint and JD coffee ... Now, that’s having my arse kicked,’ he laughed.
A tea towel hit him in the side of the head, as his chortles came to an end. I was still smiling, as ever.
‘But, no, seriously ... I couldn’t have done all this without you, Tee ... I hold you responsible for my success within the music business, and coming up with the wicked idea about starting Ea$y up again, wow. You’re the driving force behind that too, and I thank you, and love you, for that ... You are all the Mom I’ll ever need, Ma Manley, and I hope that never changes ... Now, while you’re making that, can I skin up, please?’ he smiled, as if a cherub.
‘Yes, you can, dear, the gear’s all there,’ I replied, pointing at the box next to him, weed, papers and tobacco all safely within. ‘And, okay, you got me there ... I am pretty amazing, aren’t I?’ I smiled. ‘But, please, do me just one favour, huh? ... Don’t disrespect the woman that was in your corner for over twenty odd years. Whether you agree with me here, or not, you appear to have inherited a few good manners and wonderful morals ... Where did they come from?’
Coming to rest with my elbows on the counter, I leant towards him.
‘... And don’t change that, they’re a hard thing to find in the music business nowadays ... Don’t ever lose them either, they’ll be the making of you yet, be thankful of that if nothing else. Also, they’re not such a bad set of tools to own ... Manners and morals are hard to find at any time, believe me, so she wasn’t all bad, was she?’ I chirped, collecting coffees in one hand, ashtray in the other, to walk round to sit next to him again.
‘Arh, back to that again, aye?’ he mumbled under his breath.
‘Yes ... Back to that, again ...’
‘So, what are you going to tell me to do about this one then?’ he enquired, one hand taking his coffee as the other passed over my stumpy well rolled joint. We give and we receive.
‘Well, firstly,’ I got comfortable on my stool and lit my smoke, ‘who am I to tell you what to do ... That’s my favourite answer when it comes to that question ... Yep, this one’s yours, and yours alone, my dear boy ... Just as well your shoulders are so broad, you’ll need them for this ...’
I casually patted the nearest shoulder to me, smoke between my lips, mug in the other hand.
‘And secondly, just remember, whatever you do choose to do, I’ll still be there for you when you need me, it comes with the description, Step-mum ... When I’m really needed, I step into being a Mum,’ I chuckled. ‘Well, it works for me,’ I grinned at the young man sipping his coffee in silence, his blue eyes topped with raised eyebrows.
Terri’s mug dropped from his lips.
‘... Okay then ... What would you do if you were in my shoes?’ he asked, his need for assistance an audible thing, 
Taking another sip of my coffee, I paused before answering, my way of gaining some time to think of the best reply to such an in your face question. How do you reply to that? My brows knitted together, as they did when I had an idea bloom in my brain.
‘Really, after everything you told me about you and your mother/father relationship, if I were you, for me, personally, there’d be only one line of action to take ...’
Silence again. Another sip disappeared into Terri as he listened.
Then he asked. ‘... And? ... What would that be? ... Don’t stop at the point of answering ... What line of action would you take?’
I grinned. It was history repeating itself, only this time it was different people in a different time. If I could have that time again, I would have got my Pops to sell up and come live with me while Shane was touring the world. We would have had more time together, more laughs, and more amazing moments.
‘Go back to England, do the burial and recover the relationship with the Father, while it’s still possible ... Make the most of the years, Terri ... They don’t last forever and when it’s over, it’s really over ... So, okay, your Mother, Kim, and Max are gone, but you still have us here ... Plus, you have a Father in England, and he must really miss you and need you right now ... Think about him ... First he loses you to Canada, then he loses his partner of over thirty years ... We’ve all had loses, honey, believe me, and some are even a little easier to deal with than others ... But, this time, now, it’s all we have ... Don’t let it go because of a woman who isn’t alive anymore ... He’s your Father, the only one you’ve ever really known, and he’s still alive ... Don’t walk away from that, from him ... He doesn’t deserve that, not right now ... And not from the kid he worked his butt off for, to support, feed and clothe, for over twenty years ... In my opinion, I think you’re setting yourself up for another regretful moment, blardy years down the line, when you lose him too ...’
Once my little speech was done I fell silent yet again, my mug nestled between my hands. It didn’t last long, of course.
‘So ... You’re gonna think about it then? ... About going back?’ I asked him, smiling. ‘Sweetie, if you don’t go, you’ll be making another of those missed moments ... Now, what you have to promise me here is that you don’t walk away without thinking about it first ...  Sometimes going back isn’t all that bad, not when it’s in a good cause and, let’s face it, this is a real good cause ... Don’t forget, I have my pilgrimage every year so I know where you’re coming from ... It is hard, but we learn to deal with it because we’re adults now, and that’s what we do ...’
‘... Yeah ... Okay,’ I heard him quietly say, almost to himself, the volume suddenly increasing with his next sentence. ‘... I’ll go ... But only if you come with me,’ he suddenly babbled out, his eyes as bright as diamonds, the words said hurriedly, as if he meant to duck and cover after using them.
I laughed, ‘... Go with you ...?’
I stopped and looked at him.
‘Do the family over there know just how loaded you really are, Terri?’
My features were set, no smile, no twinkle, suddenly steely.
‘Urh, they might ... If the parents spread the good news ... But then, who bloody knows with them two ... Because she wanted it kept quiet maybe they haven’t mentioned it to anyone ... I’ll soon see if I go over ... Their reactions towards me will probably answer that question ...’
His eyes skipped over my face. He was starting to wonder.
‘... Why’d ya ask?’
Turning away, I started constructing with more papers, rolling us another smoke each. I talked as he listened. The subject needed close consideration. It was time to get busy.
‘... Well, sometimes, fame changes more than just us and who we are. It can also change those we once thought were our nearest and dearest ...’
I paused, licked my two sets of papers and looked at him sideways.
‘This is gonna be one of those lessons in your Life of Fame I said you would come across ... Just remember, you haven’t been back since your life turned into the muso world you’re now making shit loads of money from ... When you left England you were piss poor and unknown to the Canadians. Look where you sit, right now ... On a career that will just keep growing, for as long as you want it to, with so much money your grandkids will be millionaires, and a lifetime of people seeing you in the magazines they read trying to escape ...’
With the papers done, the tobacco was added and two small, cardboard roaches rolled and placed to one side. Still my fingers worked, adding the crumbly, green herb and neatly rolling. As I did this, I thought about the crap he could be hit with by going back alone.
I remembered that, the having no back-up, the nowhere to hide, and it would be awful for him, hell even, with them coming at him from all sides. The questions, the ailments, the holidays needed, the bills not being met, I’d heard them all, from most of the people whom I thought were my nearest and dearest.
My joint was placed between smiling lips, as the other was handed to Terri, and lit.
‘Look, I’ll make you a deal, a promise even, depends how you wanna take it ... I’ll come with you on one account ... That I stay in the background and don’t get dragged into any stupid family politics that has nothing, whatsoever, to do with me ... Okay?’
My eyes never moved from his face as I explained my proposal.
‘Okay ... So you’ll come with me, but stay out the way. Yeah,’ he decided, ‘that works for me ...’
Twisting on my stool, spliff between my lips, I switched on my tablet, the internet instantly connecting.
‘Right, let me quickly check my diary to find a day we both agree on ... We can then look at flights and accommodation. Is that good with you?’ I smiled, my eyes looking tired and stoned.
‘Yep, that’s good with me ... First class, B. A., please ... No stops, night flight, leaving from, and arriving at, the VIP lounge, if we can, that would be great. Do we rent a car or shall we have a driver? I’m not fussy, of course, either, or ... Whatever ...’
Terri fell quiet, his eyes shifting to the joint in his fingers.
‘I think we’ll rent a car, it sets us free if it gets too crappy ... And what accommodation do you prefer, hotel or inn ... I don’t care as long as I get a kick-ass breakfast,’ I grinned, the thought of eggs and bacon skipping together, hand in hand, lingered through my suddenly hungry mind. ‘Oh, that was the other thing,’ the image dissipated, ‘... What area should we be looking at? Ya Father still lives in Uxbridge, doesn’t he?’
‘He lives in a place called Iver Heath, big house on the Uxbridge Road ... Ya can’t miss it, it looks like a listed building but was thrown up about twenty-five years ago ...’
‘Could we stay there, with your Father?’ I asked, ‘We can if you want ... Would you rather do that, if there’s room? There could be other family filling it at the time of the funeral, that’s usually what happens, it did with my Pops.’
My face had a touch of knowing about such things. Terri didn’t want to press the subject, he knew what I meant.
‘Actually, I’d prefer my own space away from all that ... I’m not sure I can wake up knowing I have to face him, without her, every morning for as long as we’re there ... Which won’t be for too long ... I have stuff happening that my career can’t afford to miss,’ he grimaced. ‘Look, I’m only planning on staying two, maybe three days, at the most ... I don’t want to hang around, Tee, there’s not much there for me anyway, not anymore ... My life is here now, and I have commitments that are important to me, and that’s just the way it is ... Plus, Ea$y has its first round of gigs coming up soon, and we haven’t even started rehearsing for those buggers yet,’ he sighed, flicking the ash from his spliff, the weight of it all back on those broad shoulders of his again.
‘Okay, leave it to me,’ I smiled, ‘I’ll sort our flights out and find a decent hotel ... When will we be leaving, next week?’ I queried.
He confirmed with a nod of his head.
‘... The funeral is a week tomorrow ...’
‘Right, well then, you let your diary know you’re going to be Blighty side for a few days, and I’ll do mine ... I’ll ring you, or text, when it’s all sorted, then meet you back here in time to get to the airport, okay?’ I advised him, the details to be filled in as soon as I could see the nine inch screen, held in my weary hands, through less bleary eyes.
Another nod came from the waning, young man, his need for sleep creeping up and taking over. This I saw, and felt myself.
‘Right, young man ... Sorted ... Bed ... And we can finalise all this in the morning, before I scoot back to Silver Spring,’ was said as I gathered up stuff and tidied a little.
Terri and I, and Ziggy, padded a slow walk to our waiting beds, all as exhausted as the next. With exchanged kisses and words of good night we parted at my bedroom door, the dog crashing on his cushion as soon as he reached it.
And as one slept, the other thought and recalled, remembered and relived. How would it be back there, did they know about the wealth he’d found and inherited? Would his Father make them both feel welcome, or, would it be a real pain in the arse?
Terri turned and rolled, then rolled and turned, his sleep not as forthcoming as mine. With his eyes open and his mind whirring, he saw the dawn creep in from the east. When they finally shut, and he lost himself to the darkness behind his lids, those that surrounded him were just about starting another day.
~
On a cold and fresh, late September morning, when water dripped and the sun tried its damndest to break through, Terri made the last call, before leaving, to his Father in England, just to confirm our landing time and where we’d be staying. I was right, the house was packed to the gills, and my choice of five star suites was the best money could find in his Father’s local area.
Although the service was being held in the Parish where they’d lived for the last thirty something years, Patricia Clare Daley, nee Harper, was to be buried with her parents in the small village of Curry Rivel in Somerset. Once the first part was completed, the other came a day later when they were to transfer her casket, by blacked-out limo, all the way to her final resting place, three and a half hours drive away.
Within five hours of Terri making that call he, and I, were sat on the flight taking us back to the last place on earth he really wanted to be, his birthplace. He was quiet, which I noticed. He didn’t drink much, which surprised me a little because I did. Movies took up most of his flight time, plugged in and zoned out. Then he slept after his only Jack. Five hours he managed in his first class pod, earplugs in, eye mask down, blanket in place.
Through VIP security we whipped, and out to the waiting hire car, my name on the handheld board, seen from an airstrip away. A beautiful new, black, shiny Merc sat, calling my name. The keys were taken, the luggage loaded, and the beauty started and gone before the next plane landed.
We cruised west from Gatwick, the traffic a bitch as soon as we hit the M25. With the next exit we were gone, the Satnav already adjusting to the sudden change of plan, the hotel’s postcode being recalculated.
With our destination dead ahead, and after a two hour drive through hell and high water, plus the flight and time zones crossed, the sighs were at our loudest possible. Beds called and sleep battled defiant eyelids. Just a few minutes more. The end was nigh, not long now.
And, as we crashed in darkened rooms, in darkened suites, there was no thought of funerals and the days to come. There was just silence. It was a warm and comfortable silence, needed and required, before it all turned crazy again.

‘Dad, this is Tee, the lady I told you about ... Tee, this is my Dad, Jonathon,’ Terri smiled, as he wedged his butt on the corner of the large walnut desk, the one with beautiful aged wood holding a spotlight of sun at its command.
‘Please, just call me Jon ... And it’s very nice to meet you too, after all this time ... Terrick, or Terri as he calls himself now,  mentions you often, in a nice way, of course,’ he smiled, shaking my hand. ‘I hope he’s behaving himself over there ... You seem to keep him in check though, if I hear correctly,’ he chuckled, his green eyes slowly blinking in the sun behind his tinted, designer lenses.
I noticed that, at the age of fifty, he hadn’t lost his waistline as with so many. He was trim, well kept, fit. His grip gently held my hand still. After a pause I withdrew it.
‘Well, Jon, it’s very nice to meet you too ... But I’m so sorry it’s under such sad circumstances.’
I looked over at Terri then back to his Father, nodding as I spoke.
‘You’re in my thoughts, both of you,’ I continued, smiling a watery smile, the action returned by the gentlemen in the room. ‘I somehow feel this should have happened earlier too, but, as you probably know, before you see it coming a whole year has happened and passed you by ...’
The shared glances between Father and Son were those of lost souls, needing but not asking, wanting but not seeking. I saw them in their silence, the invisible wall slowly coming down, chunk by chunk, felt, but not shown.
‘And, yeah, he’s just about behaving himself, so far,’ I continued over the cooling silence, throwing a quick grin in Terri’s direction. ‘He works very hard, Jon, or should I say, the band works him very hard,’ I chuckled, my eyes returning to the young man sat beside me.
I had no option than to keep talking. Somehow it seemed to take the chill off.
‘I’m very proud of him, and you should be too ... It took a lot of courage jumping in and staying afloat ... It takes some guts to even want to attempt that but, then again, he does have some of the best guys in the business backing him ... Sometimes, Jon, it’s not always about the what you know, it’s more about the who you know, and in the business we’re in, I believe that more each day ...’ 
We were in the only quiet part of the house, the library of the magnificent mock Tudor mansion, with its exposed beams and open fires in abundance. Though the room paraded rather dark jewel colours, the large French doors let the light flood in, the height of the ceiling helping, of course, the bookcases butting to the limit of twelve feet high or so. And, yes, it had those really cool ladders running along each wall. I wanted to jump on one and take it for a spin, but it didn’t seem to be the appropriate actions of a woman attending a house of loss. Well, not at that moment, anyway.
The usual pleasantries were performed before we were exposed to the mix of Daley and Harper families. Cousins and aunts, uncles and friends wandered the halls, sat in the lounge, reclined over the kitchen island. There was low talking, quiet chatter, and stifled laughter all within paces of each other, right through the three wings of the huge house, top and bottom it seemed.
As always, the kitchen held the biggest collection of bodies. Cousins, mainly, and the aunts who were prepping the food for the gathering later, their banter stopping as our three faces entered the room.
‘Oh, my, God ... Terrick,’ rang a chorus around the space before us. Instantly he was deluged by the forms of folk he knew.
Watching and waiting, I was soon introduced and welcomed into the fold. Glasses were passed, food offered up, the banter resuming and the stories to be told, the oldies the best.
Tales of Terri and the cousins building tree houses in the small wood located at the far end of the garden were entertaining. There were summers under canvas on the huge lawn and hot-dog parties by the pool. His first guitar arrived on his twelfth birthday, a drum kit for his fourteenth.
And so they flew, thick and fast. I was lost to the laughs of childhood escapades and Christmases that sounded full of light and love. With that in mind, I looked over at Jon stood talking to a rather plump woman in a well-fitting suit of a navy colour. He was trying to smile as he patted the woman’s well rounded hand. She held a sad expression, one of loss. It somehow touched a chord in me.
Asking the way to the bathroom I had the path explained. I slowly walked the art covered corridor back to the main hallway where the stairs were located. Terri and I had arrived via a side room, a half wing away from the cavern I was stood in, because I’d not seen my current location before.
The vaulted ceiling towered above me, a cathedral of naked wood the colour of pitch and pale plaster, its umber tones pooling in tight corners. The huge oak doors arched before me, the wrought iron rings hanging from riveted plates an inch thick. All around, and reaching high above, the light cast a glow onto my side of the glass, the wood was warm, the carpet was warm. Here, the sun had once again broken into the world of sad faces and emotional eyes.
I lingered there, closing mine, holding my breath, and then lifting my hands a little. Loss, it gets everywhere, it gets everyone, sooner or later.
‘Oh, sorry,’ the male voice came from behind me, ‘I didn’t mean to disturb you. Are you okay there?’
My eyes opened as I turned towards the intruder.
‘You didn’t disturb me, I heard you coming ... And I’m fine ... I’m just thinking,’ I replied.
Jon’s hands slowly lifted to his armpits.
‘So that’s where Terri got it from then,’ I thought to myself.
‘Do you mind me asking what it is you’re thinking about ... The lovely sunshine this time of the year, I hope,’ he smiled.
I turned away again with my arms still lifted a little, palms up. I’d worn my long floaty tunic, its turquoises and blues suiting me, my long skirt held a repeated Aztec design, my heeled boots helping to make me look taller, slimmer. I smiled, my eyes closing again.
‘Well, actually, I was on my way to the bathroom, but got waylaid by your awesome hallway here ... And then I got to thinking about you and Terri, and about where you guys go from here.’
I fell silent, I didn’t know if I’d hit a nerve, the last thing I wanted to do was piss him off in any way.
He didn’t reply. He walked towards me and mimicked my actions, arms out, eyes closed. One of mine opened as I looked at him sideways, in the same stance, the same sunlight.
‘What ya doing?’ I asked.
He opened an eye to look over at me, then closed it again as he turned his face back to the sun.
‘Well, if standing here, like this, helped you find that question ... Maybe me doing the same thing will give me the answer because, at this stage, any answer at all would be fantastic,’ he smiled.

By the time the day of service came the atmosphere was as calm as it was going to be. Terri managed to spend some time with his Father going over the eulogy and paperwork, plus the order of the day, and other crap I’d already dealt with twice already. I didn’t want to hear it all again and so visited Amersham Crematorium to spend a little time with my Pops. While I was out I dropped in on Gazza, my visit brief but well received all the same. In the end, I was glad I went, it was a lovely day, chilly but the sun was kind, and it was great to see my old friend looking rather content and well fed.
The funeral went without any hitches. Terri and I travelled in the car with Jon. Pat’s sisters, Adele and Sue, joined us and were very quiet throughout the journey. The brother, Will, sat next in line, his Limo holding his whole family and an old aunt and uncle. Those that tailed along were a mix of friends and family, a few Terri didn’t even know.
The words said were heart-warming, the sentiments felt across the sea of faces that filled the little church. Jon spoke, Will spoke, we all sang hymns and said prayers, and slowly let go a little with tears and sobs of farewell.
Neither Jon nor Terri shed a tear. That action seemed kept for the women attending, hankies at the ready, eyes turned low, sniffs and sighs. It was a good day, everyone admitted that, and the service and flowers were beautiful, and very well done.
The Wake passed smoothly, the same emotions on display, the old times and good memories brought to the foreground yet again. It didn’t help pass the time quickly enough for poor Terri. He was almost straining at the bit after hearing it, nonstop, for the last twenty-four hours.
After dragging himself away from some old fogy, who insisted on calling him boy because the ancient gentlemen couldn’t remember his name, he finally escaped to the part of the garden he always called his.
Found there, and only if you squeezed through the gap in the hedge, was a small clearing where an old house had decayed and collapsed after years of neglect and weather. Terri had come across it by chance as a kid, exploring or hiding, and there it was, two up and two down, a proper little house.
His old clubhouse was called Oscar One. He and the gang heard the expression used in a war film once. The Yanks were screaming it down a crackly radio connection as jets screamed overhead. In the end the hero saved the day and the Marines made it home all in one piece, medals included.
Ten years on from those summers Mother Nature had redecorated in vine green to walls, ceiling and floor. Grasses grew from the open fireplaces and windowsills, the bricks crumbling and corroding as he stood and ran a finger down one. He smiled. It smelt just like the old days.
The overgrown path led a line through tall weeds to the front of the abandoned hovel. Looking into the door-less passage reminded him of laughter over jokes, the silly sounds that farts make, and all those young lads playing boyish games.
Entering, the echoes grew louder, the calls turning his head from one space to another, the smile not leaving his lips as he looked. There on the wall, in what would have been the parlour, was their rogue’s gallery, the photos of them all, and they’d survived how many years?
Stepping carefully towards it, he chuckled as his eyes scanned the old gang of mates and those that were once thought of as cousins. Wow, how things had changed. He wondered where they all were at that moment. Where they rich or poor, well or ailing, married yet or still single? Anything was possible, that he did know.
A noise behind him made him turn.
‘... You had to get away too, huh?’
‘Yeah,’ he smiled, ‘yeah, I did ... You too, by the looks of it ... Did you find it by mistake?’ he asked, his eyes indicating the building we stood in.
‘What, this place? No,’ I replied, ‘I followed you through the hedge over there ... I needed somewhere, let’s say, private,’ I grinned, my eyes blinking as they adjusted to the gloom. ‘And, my, it doesn’t get much more private than this,’ I concluded, taking the joint from my pocket and lighting it. ‘This is amazing, Terri ... Is this where you were born or something?’
My interest grew with every step I took into the delightful little worker’s cottage.
‘... You could do things with this ... There are possibilities here ... You just have to see them ...’
Terri walked to an old stool laid on its side. He righted it and sat down.
‘No, I wasn’t born here, it’s where the Head Groom lived, years ago, about the start of last century ... I did some digging around at the library in Uxbridge ... It was a huge equestrian site back then, a holding place for all the horses going off to the First World War. This cottage was already overgrown by the time I can even remember a hedge being there. I was nearly a teenager when I found it by accident. I never told the old man, just in case we were all trespassing ... None of us wanted the stress and we loved having the secrecy of it ...’
It smelt of old times and musty memories, its dank walls holding two hundred years of cradle to grave. Their photo caught my eye as I ambled over and passed him the joint.
‘Where the hell did you get that from?’ he questioned. ‘You didn’t bring it with you, did you, my God?’
He sounded traumatised by the sound of his own words.
‘No, of course I didn’t, you silly sod ... I got it off Gazza this morning, knowing we’d probably need some for now ... He had loads, and was happy to supply me exactly what we needed for such an occasion as this,’ I smiled down at him.
He took a long, satisfying pull, held it, then exhaled slowly, the flavour hanging on his tongue for as long as it hung in the air before him, and he was calm.
‘We used to come here to smoke pot and rollies when we were hanging out over the summer holidays ... Had some good parties here, back then. If the old man knew he never said anything ... But then, we weren’t causing any damage and we looked after the place ... What more could he ask for?’
He looked from the photo over to me.
‘... How we never burnt the bloody place down, I’ll never know,’ he chuckled.
A few more tokes were taken before it was returned to the roller.
‘... Look, I better get back, he’ll be wondering where the hell I am ... Stick around for a while, if you want, you don’t have to rush back ... I know where you are if I need you,’ he smiled, standing to make a move for the door.
Taking a perch on his vacated stool I watched him leave.
‘Hey, come get me when you want to bugger off,’ I called, ‘and don’t forget, we have a long drive tomorrow and, well, you know what’s coming next.’
He smiled, ‘Yeah ... Catch ya later,’ and was then gone from sight, through the hedge, and back to the arms of his remaining family.

Terri and I checked out the next morning and drove the short distance to meet those that would be joining us in the drive to Somerset. He knew little of that side of his adopted Mother’s family, he was learning as he went along.
We travelled separately from his Father, Jon wishing to do the miles, there and back, driving with his own thoughts and memories, the chatter left in the cars that followed. William wanted to go down to see his sister laid next to his parents, so did the youngest sister, Adele.
Susan, the eldest, couldn’t face going, her sister’s service, alone, having taken its toll on her. She left early in the morning, her drive to York a long journey in a different direction. Her siblings went in her place, something she was glad of, though they didn’t have much of a choice about it at the time.
We arrived at the little chapel an hour early and so parked to stretch legs and have a smoke. It was beautiful there. The churchyard looked out over open countryside, off towards Taunton and beyond. The trees were changing colour, their reds and oranges a natural bunting dancing in the breeze. The lowering sun cast its long shadows across the grass and the headstones, their angles adjusted by time.
Jon didn’t seem to be expecting to see the three people, waiting nearby, wishing to join in with the mourners. I watched as he walked away to meet them. There was an exchange of words, their features not seeming too happy about having to face one another.
Patricia appeared soon after, her Limo gliding to a halt as the Vicar appeared from the pretty little doorway, there to meet the procession approaching. She was lifted from her first class transport and escorted to the waiting supports, sat before the pretty alter, her beautiful flowers adding a dainty fragrance to the surrounding area.
Terri followed as expected, beside his Father, the rest of the attendees ambling along behind.
Unable to take any more of that God stuff, I decided to stay outside, looking at the view, having a smoke. It was peaceful out there, the pigeons cooing across the tranquil space, the smell of earth, the fresh air and country sounds. That I did miss. That sound of the English countryside. Somehow you just don’t get that in Canada.
‘Sorry to disturb you,’ came a voice from behind me, ‘but aren’t you Tee Manley?’ I was asked politely.
Turning, I wasn’t expecting to see anyone else about.
‘Oh, sorry, didn’t see you there ... And, I don’t like advertising it but, yeah, I am,’ I smiled at the pretty lady beside me, her looks somehow familiar.
‘Hi, my name’s Vicky,’ she smiled, offering her hand. ‘I’ve read some of your stuff ... I especially liked your piece on the Woman’s Globe site about how you coped with the loss of your husband ... Max, wasn’t it?’
The eyes gave it away, somehow. It was how they wrinkled when she smiled.
‘Hi, Vicky ... Nice to meet you,’ I replied, shaking the hand that hung between us. ‘And, wow, that was a while ago now and, yes, it was Max, thank you for being so kind,’ I added, my eyes taking in the information that sat before me.
Vicky turned to look over the view the same as I.
‘My Mum’s at the funeral in the chapel ... The lady that died was Mum’s youngest cousin ...’
‘I’m so sorry to hear that, my condolences,’ I crooned, the hurt heard in my voice.
‘Oh, don’t worry, there was no love between them two ... Mum hasn’t liked her for years,’ Vicky chirped as though I should have known that already.
I was surprised by how the words were said without a care.
‘Well, even though there was a little bad blood between them, it’s still nice she came to say goodbye,’ I bubbled back.
Vicky laughed, ‘She hasn’t come to say goodbye to that snooty cow ... Nah, she’s here to see how her eldest grandson is doing ...’
There was a pause, just for a moment, as I digested the woman’s last few words.
‘You say her eldest grandson?’ I questioned.
‘Urh, yeah ... Oh, sorry, I’m Vicky, Kim Ross’s sister ... And those people, in there, are Kim’s Mum and brother,’ she smiled, her eyes not leaving mine as she spoke. ‘Terrick’s my nephew, and we think it’s time he knew that ...’
And, so, with me asking the right questions, to get the right answers, everything plopped into place. It was good to hear a different side with a fraction of the truth in there somewhere, just for good measure. Ultimately, the truth would never be known. Kim was gone, and the truth with her.
By the time everybody had been introduced Terri’s head was swimming. He found he had another Grandmother, Kim’s Mum, Sheila, he had an aunt, Vicky, and an uncle, Sam, in fact, a whole family he didn’t even know existed, and there they were.

‘Do you think you’ll go back again and see everyone?’ I asked, as we readied for our flight home, the cabin slowly filling, our window seats waiting.
‘Yeah, probably ... I can’t abandon the old man, can I?’ he smiled. ‘Plus, there’s Kim’s lot on the scene now ... There’s a load more bloody Christmas cards to write,’ he chuckled.
I slid into my comfortably wide leather recliner.
‘So, did ya get any enquiries about what money you inherited?’ I casually threw in, saying it in a way that it wouldn’t sting.
‘Nah ... But they did like talking about how much they all have ... Funny that!’ he grinned, looking out of his window before pulling down the shade.
And that’s all he said on the matter. Throughout the entire journey home he didn’t raise the subject again, not once, but then, neither did I.
~
Dan found me on the balcony. I was stood in the snow watching an eagle circle above me, caught on the wind, climbing higher and higher. I had a strange look on my face as though I were in some sort of pain. My eyes seemed misty, almost sad, my knuckles white as they clenched the rail before me.
‘Hey, you ... Ya still suffering? I don’t think it’s right ... In fact, this ain’t right at all ... Ya gotta go see ya Doc ... Promise me you’ll go this time?’
His voice was soft but trying to be stern, just the same as when he dealt with his baby sister.
Turning towards him, I was no longer caught on the wings of the bird growing smaller.
‘I’m fine, honest, just tired ... But I’ll go, just to keep you happy, okay?’
Smiling, I draw my jacket collar up to my chin and cheeks before leaning against him.
‘So, ya gonna buy it then? Could you see yourself living here?’ I smiled.
‘Nice change of subject, nicely done,’ he mumbled, hugging me to him. ‘This could be a struck deal, if ya promise me you’ll go ... I really like the house and the grounds, and this could be a great place to chill and write, if ya promise to go see Doc Rogers ... But only if ...’
He kissed my forehead before it came to rest against his shoulder.
‘Okay, okay, you sod ... I promise,’ I bit back, my eyes coming up to his. ‘Now, buy the bloody house because, yeah, you need another crash pad that’s costing you over five million bucks, Dan Foster ...’
Suddenly I was back to my usual self, as quick as that.
‘Okay, there ya go, that’s all ya had to say ... See, it wasn’t that hard, was it?’ he chuckled, quickly kissing the tip of the nose only inches from his lips.
My hand dropped so I could pinch his butt. He let out a soft yelp as I turned to walk off. A naughty grin was shot over my shoulder as I ambled back into the master bedroom out of the cold.
‘Arh, what’s wrong with ya,’ I bounced back. ‘It wasn’t that hard ... Was it?’ I smiled back at him through the open doors.
~
Max’s memorial was held on a crispy cold, sunny day, with a sapphire sky above and a sprinkling of new snow under each footstep. The little party of bundled up babies and adults made their way to the clearing where I’d scattered the ashes, months before. There was chatter and banter, a light laugh and quiet giggles, the family together again, another day to remember losing so much.
Each had their own little offering, a part of them to leave behind for Max. Beth had found her old headscarf Max once used as a bandana. He’d said it smelt of her and, somehow, that helped when he played his first live gigs in the old bowling alley. When she finished her little speech full of recalling and smiles she stepped forward and hung it over the neck of the carved tree stump.
Then came Stevie and the t-shirt he’d found with Max’s portrait on the front. This was hooked over two spurs in the old tree behind. It flapped as if a flag, the breeze lifting its hems.
‘Well, bro, here we are again,’ he chuckled. ‘Hey, man, we gotta stop meeting like this ... People’ll start thinking we got something going on here,’ he smiled, walking to a clear patch of ground laying just below the surface of the snow.
Silence once more, just the gentle breeze in the trees rustling the fir branches above, the birds, and the baby giggling with JR.
‘Ya know about me and Chels getting hitched ... I told ya about that already. And ya know about mini Max over there, right?’
His eyes turned to look at Chels holding the small bundle of baby in his red snow suit.
‘Ya must do, he’s the spitting image of ya,’ he smiled.
Max giggled again, his little mitted hands coming up to his face to play peek-a-boo with Daddy.
‘Well, we’re all doing just fine here, as you can see ... And, yeah, I still miss the hell outta ya ... Somehow it’s still too quiet for my liking, but, ya know that too, don’t ya?’ he chuckled, looking at the decorated guitar shaped tree beside him. ‘So, there ya have it ... Me saying what I say every day. Only, today is a bit different ... Today, I get to say it out loud ...’
There was a fragment of a smile. It was more just a quick grin really. His hands were pushed into his sheepskin coat pockets as he returned to join his wife and boys.
‘Oh, and one last thing, while I remember,’ he said to the branches above, ‘we decided to take the new look Ea$y on the road, see where it leads us ... Wish ya could be here to see and hear what we’re doing ... But, I think it’s gonna be okay, bro ... I think we’ll be okay,’ he finished, glancing at Dan, Jake and Terri, one at a time.
As he took JR back into his left arm clutch, a gloved mitt of another slipped into his free hand. It was his Mom’s, Beth’s, the little squeeze and her misty eyed smile enough to make Stevie almost shed a tear.
From Chels and the boys came a painting of heaven and its angel with a guitar, this was Uncle Max the Music Man. Then Dan moved forward, mumbled some stuff, and then placed a Mexico paperweight on the body of the V shaped carving. Jake was to follower his friend, from his pocket came a little book of lyrics just for Max. He smiled before walking back to those he knew and loved like his own family. This left just two of us to say our piece and leave our token in memory.
Terri lifted his hand to offer me my chance. I carried a posy of bright yellow carnations and blue daisies dyed from white by placing coloured ink in their water. As soon as my feet moved, and my eyes came up to look at the image before me, the lump was there the second I tried to swallow. For some reason, although my vision went a bit misty, I still smiled at the group, at the day, and at the reason for being there.
‘Funny, isn’t it? ... It doesn’t matter how many times I come down here, it’s always as if I see it for the first time? And I remember that ... The first time I saw this area, here, with the trees and the stream just there ... And that view, over my meadow and beyond ... Isn’t it amazing?’ I enthused, my eyes travelling the vicinity, much the same as the others.
‘... This was Max’s favourite place, this spot, right here ... He would run to this when he was lost, misplaced, angry, happy ... Sad ...’
My eyes came back to the group, the corners of my lips still curled up.
‘... That’s why we keep this here, and it’s why he’s here ... So he always has a home to return to.’
Grey eyes misted again, though I didn’t mean them to.
‘... It’s his birthday soon, as you know, and I couldn’t think of a thing to get him,’ I laughed, a tear hanging from my chin. I brushed it away, still smiling.
The chuckle rippled through the clan. It was a nice sound, that and the babies chatting between themselves. It’s always a lovely thing to hear. It sounds like home.
‘Well, I have flowers, as usual,’ I continued, placing them in their vase just below the guitar’s neck, the patch of cleared earth awaiting their arrival. ‘There’s not much I can leave here that I haven’t already, on a daily basis,’ I giggled, more to myself than anyone else.
Taking a moment I looked at Terri, my face was alight with a look only a mother might know.
‘... But there is someone I would like to add to our little circle ... Terri, welcome home, son ... If you choose, you can remain here, at the lodge, or, with my blessing, you can have the house at Silver Spring ... I would like it very much if you said yes ...’
Terri was speechless, he gaped and chuckled. He looked at his family and uncles then laughed aloud. Eventually his eyes came back to rest on me and my still smiling fizzog.
‘Ya mean it?’ he asked, still not sure if he’d heard me correctly. ‘You’re offering me your house ... The one my Dad gave you as a wedding present? The one you love with all your heart and soul, the one you call home? ... You want to give me that?’
I was still smiling, but now I was also nodding to the statement he’d just made.
‘Okay,’ he chuckled, ‘what’s the catch? There’s gotta be a catch ... Come on ... Spill the beans, Tee?’
I was still grinning when I walked towards him, reached up my hands and placed them on his rosy cheeks. Slowly I pulled his face down and towards mine. After gently kissing his forehead I spoke again, the silence around me the only path I needed, my hands remaining in place.
‘My dear, lovely boy, life has many turns and curves yet to come your way. Your space will be important to you soon. You’re a young man, it’s something you need, space ... And I can give you that, with all my love, and ya Dad’s,’ I grinned, my hands finally dropping, my smile a beam of sunshine on a chilly day. ‘I know ya love it there, you have since the day ya clapped eyes on it ... And don’t deny it, you so love it,’ the so being elongated to be heard.
Terri went to speak but my index finger to his lips rendered him silent.
‘No ...’ it then moved to mine, ‘Shush ...’ the sound made, that of a train rushing a tunnel, the air whooshing through. I gained my chance to continue. ‘Okay, now, as it happens, I can’t keep traipsing all the miles to work and to do the horses, it’s killing me, Terri ... And I miss being here ... I belong here ... This is where it ends for me, on the mountain with your Dad, like I knew it would,’ I chuckled. ‘I’ll come and visit, often, as I’m sure we all will, but it has to be yours now ... I need to be here, sweetheart,’ I nodded, my way of making him see my point of view.
Those words had touched them all, Terri more than any. His eyes filled to bursting, his smile broke, and his head hit my shoulder as his emotional tide washed across our little clearing.
When the flood finally receded to a few loud sobs, and the concern had been metered out enough, Terri gathered himself together, his head lifting from my shoulder.
‘I can’t think of anywhere else I’d rather live, this is amazing ... I’ll look after it, it’s safe in my hands, I’ll love it like I built it, you know that, don’t ya?’
His watery eyes never left mine as he spoke, his nodding head confirming his oath.
‘That’s all I ask, sweetheart ... That you look after it, and love it, and make it the home it should be ... Fill it with love and dirty laughing kids and you will never be alone, remember that ... Family can be a wonderful thing when you get the chemistry right,’ I grinned up at him. ‘Jeez, you only have to look at this little lot, stood with us now, to see where it all starts ... You, my dear, are the start of the next generation ... Make me proud,’ I beamed, my eyes alight with the love of a Mother being made.
‘I will,’ he replied, the tears making his eyes sparkle. ‘I won’t let ya down, Tee, I promise ... You can come and check it whenever you want ... I’ll make dinner and we can chill on the swinging seat in the backyard ... It’ll be great ...’
My gaze drifted, while Terri spoke, as if I heard a voice call my name in the distance. Turning towards the meadow, the view was no different than before. Without knowing it, I slipped into a daydream. Max was walking the path to tell me of their European tour, his face animated and alive with the prospect of Russia and Italy. That occasion, it held my memory and mind to ransom. I was so lost to it Terri stopped talking and stared at me, his eyebrows knitting together.
‘... Tee ... Tee, honey ... You okay?’
The words slid into my brain and engaged after a few seconds. Slowly my eyes cast back to the one stood beside me, the one that sounded a little concerned.
‘Where ya go, little sister? Thought we’d lost ya there ... But, nah, there she is.’
Stevie was speaking, his voice softly coaxing me back to the clearing in the trees.
There was a very odd look on my face. My features seemed ready to crumble, the hurt of loss seen as if a pyre in the night.
‘Stevie, how strange ... You sounded just like your brother then ... Ha,’ I chuckled, my pause a little too long for a few of those stood watching.
‘You okay, hon? Ya need to sit down or something ... Ya ain’t looking too good right now ... I’m a bit worried about ya,’ came as words said into an echo chamber, the volume turned down but the features remained as sharp as HD.
‘Nah, I’m good, really, Stevie,’ I lied, my shoulders squaring up a little more, my spirit coming back to endure its destiny. ‘Arh, don’t worry about me, I’m fine, just tired ... Could do with a holiday, that’s all ... Mexico, maybe, or Hawaii ... Either, or, I don’t mind,’ I waffled, not really taking notice of the other people’s concern for me. In my mind I was A-Okay.
‘Look,’ I grinned, ‘Terri hasn’t done his bit yet ... Let’s do that then go get some hot chocolate ... If I’m starting to get cold then the babies will be feeling it too, sweetie, don’t forget ...’
With my vision back to normal, I glanced at the little people still jabbering to each other, their giggles as warming as a hot beverage, their little faces rosy from the chill coming down.
Stevie looked at Beth and Chels. Beth nodded, Chels following.
‘Okay,’ Stevie smiled, looking a little unhappy about my decision, ‘... Terri, take it away, kid ... The light’s fading fast and it’ll be dark before we know it ...’
The young man looked at me, then at his Uncle, and then at his Granma, his eyes closing as if taking a long blink. Silence held a cold hand that day, the freeze starting in the shadows and raking cruel fingers across the land. Slowly his baby-blues came back to rest on me.
‘What should I say? I don’t know where to start,’ he slowly smiled, his want to get it right, first time, evident in his words and tone of voice.
He spoke as if nervous. This was a first in many ways. He had my full attention by the time he finished speaking, no dreamy eyes graced his face then.
My left hand lifted and gently landed in the centre of his chest, about his heart, the twinkle jumping back into my eyes.
‘What you say comes from here ... Where you start is at the beginning ... It’s that simple, Terri, believe me ... It doesn’t have to be an essay, just a few words, that’s all ...’
‘Okay, just a few words, not an essay, cool ...’
He fell silent for a moment as those around him watched on, occasionally throwing a checking glance my way.
‘... So, okay ... Here we go ...’
He walked away from me and towards the guitar shaped tree stump we all knew so well. Looking at the various trinkets already placed there he suddenly felt as though he should produce some sort of offering. Rifling through coat and trousers he came across a little booklet of matches, the case having a Union Jack printed on it. He placed them in a crack of the bark, slotting them in as if a secret message to be found at a later date by another. As he stepped back he spoke his words.
‘Hey, Dad, it’s me, how’s it going? Hope the gig in the sky’s rocking the clouds somewhere today,’ he chuckled. ‘Well, I’ve never done anything like this before, but I’m sure I’ll get the hang of it ...’
Turning, he looked at me and smiled.
‘... From the heart ... I wish you were here so I could get to know you, and be the son I hoped I could be ... And this is the start, with me standing here, doing this, I guess ... But now I know everyone does it, and on a regular basis, I won’t feel so crazy when I come down to have a chat with you on my own ...’
Terri’s pretty eyes lifted to the boughs above, his smile a fresh bloom across his lips, his last words spoken up to the heavens.
‘... I miss not knowing you, if we could only have that time back, right? ... But, I still think about you every day anyway ... Just so you know ...’
His gaze swung round to be cast across those standing, smiling back at him. Watching, as his newfound Granma brushed a tear away, he grinned at his Uncle and Aunt looking down at his baby cousins, then at his band members that were almost uncles. Lastly, his eyes came back to rest on me, his guiding light, and my smiling face, rosy from the cold that came with an early setting sun.
‘Ya reckon that’ll do? ... Not an essay, and from the heart,’ he asked me across the narrow divide.
Taking the few steps between us, I raised my hand to his cold cheek.
‘Sweetie, I think that’ll do very well ... Very well, indeed,’ I warmly smiled, my maternal love for the young man growing, day by day.
The outcome of Terri’s offering was, of course, Terri himself. He was the gift, and a finer gift would not be found, not anywhere else in this big old world.
~
Handsome Dan Foster, drummer, vocalist and all round clever bast’d, was, is, and has always been a very shrewd businessman. If he saw something he liked, he’d bid for it. If he saw something he loved, he’d fight for it. Sometimes it was a good outcome, sometimes he just simply had enough and walked away. It all depended on what was at stake at the time.
The three storey house, located in Canmore, with its hot-tub on the roof, was a must have. He’d already sold the apartments in Vancouver and Florida to pool a wedge of spare money, along with the royalties from HeadWay, to pay, cash, for a property with a view to die for. And that house, in Canmore, that house had that view.
The day after we viewed it, he paid the Agent a little visit, and a large sum of money, to divulge to him those that had put it up for sale. Once the information was acquired, Dan then arranged to collect a certain amount of money from the bank, and then went to pay the seller’s a quick visit.
Anyone confronted with two large briefcases holding nearly five million Canadian dollars might think twice, this gentleman, he nearly slammed Dan’s fingers shut in the lids. He was more than happy and, via the Agent, whom Dan had already paid off, the property was withdrawn as sold and the transaction made, one Solicitor to another, direct, deeds done.
Then came the moving of stuff, of a life, of a studio, everything but the kitchen sink, mainly because he had a new one, and everything besides. We spent a whole day feeding boxes into the rooms that weren’t needed initially, with as much space being kept free as possible. I was put in charge of this, along with Terri. Stevie stuck to the kitchen, rolled smokes and made coffee on demand, he was good at that bit. He didn’t do chaos, apparently, unless he caused it, of course.
When the couches were downstairs and the beds, upstairs, all fell quiet across the gorgeous space with its views to die for. Yeah, okay, the lodge has some fantastic views of its own but, Dan’s place, that had fantastic views across the mountain, down onto the lake below, and into the valley beyond. 
Built into the side of a steep climb, the three storey palace spreads a couple of thousand square feet plus some, side to side, on each floor. The balconies are everywhere and make you want to step outside and breathe in that amazing mountain air. It was as if you drank clear, spring water, it was refreshing, hydrating, the best ever.
Two weeks later, and with the help of everyone, me mostly, everything was in place, and what Dan didn’t have was purchased and then put in place. It all worked out perfectly, unlike his moving in party. Now, there’s a tale to tell.
Bet you’re all thinking which one kicked off this time? Well, you’ll be surprised to learn it was Stevie, of all people.
See what happens when you know a whole rainbow of different kinds of folk, and all in different areas of music. Eventually you will meet someone you simply can’t stand. Unfortunately for Carlos Van Hanson the moment he opened his gob in Stevie’s vicinity, Stevie hated the guy’s guts. It was the voice that did it. That not English/not American accent nearly drove a fist into the face of the mouth that projected it. Be one, or the other, but don’t try to be both, not in front of a pissed and stoned Stevie, anyway.
‘You gotta slow him down, Jake ... Look at him, he’s nearly diving into that girl’s cleavage ... Thank God Chels isn’t here to see this ... Go and rescue him, please, before someone starts taking photos ... I don’t want that in the bloody press tomorrow, by Christ,’ I commented, my face turning away from the game being played.
Jake had a way of enticing Stevie onto pastures new. No one knew quite how he did it, but it worked, since Max left, it worked. I was glad to see it take effect. Jake smiled my way as they went in search of cold pizza and Tequila shots, anything to break the chain.
Dan suddenly appeared. He landed in the squishy couch next to me, his hands instantly in his armpits, knees apart.
‘Ya okay?’ he asked, the drink and pot putting a cheeky grin on his face. ‘Stevie Boy getting feisty, is he? 
I finished my Tequila beer and poured myself another one.
‘He’s a Manley, what do you expect? Thank God Terri’s a smoker and not a drinker, aye? Maybe he takes after his Mother in that respect ... We can but hope, can’t we?’ I chuckled, my refreshed drink being lifted to my lips.
Dan laughed aloud, ‘Please, God, not another drinker, smokers we can handle, they just fall asleep after midnight ... It’s the drinkers that keep me up all night with their damn silly pranks,’ he chuckled.
I turned on him, the surprise showing in my voice.
‘Why, Dan Foster, you big pisshead ... You usually start the bloody pranks, as I remember ... Which reminds me,’ I grinned, an evil edge to it, ‘which poor sod have you got targeted tonight?’
‘Well, I would protest, but I’m not gonna,’ he chuckled, his dark eyes scanning the vicinity quickly before he spoke again. ‘So, I was thinking ole Carlos Van Douchebag ... If we get him real wasted, maybe we can get him eating toenail sandwiches or something,’ he smiled. ‘And, yeah,’ he continued, looking at me, his eyebrows slowly coming together to nearly meet, ‘as I remember, ain’t ya usually right there, with me, giving it some? ... So, don’t make out like ya all innocent, Tee Manley, cuz ya ain’t,’ he grinned, the drink making him not care about anything at that moment in time.
Smirking at him I laughed, he was pissed, again.
‘... Oh, shut up and skin up,’ I chuckled.
His right hand rose to his eye line, as he snapped out a perfectly saluted reply, fingers straight and thumb in.
‘Yes, Mam ...’
His hand dropped, he scooped himself to his feet, turned, and was gone with a nod and a smile. I never did see my spliff.
When Stevie started giving it large to Carlos, again, he really did lose it. Then I found out why. Carlos had made some stupid comment about The Max Manley Young Musicians Award, referring to it as good money wasted on a dead man’s cause. This was then relayed back to a very pissed and stoned Stevie who, by that time, had pretty much lost an hour of his life to Tequila.
Now, when a Manley is at a certain point of pissdom, and can’t see straight, let alone hear properly, a strange thing happens. There seems to be another kind of super-sense that kicks in. This gets a whiff of the toe-rag who’s dragging the deceased baby brother over the coals. Well, pour fuel into the embers and sparks will fly, won’t they? And rightly so, in Stevie’s mind.
The first I knew of the incident was someone screaming my name from the room beyond. Leaving Dan, and a group of people behind, I laughed as I moved to the den balcony doors open to the freezing night. I knew people were out there smoking, taking in the fabulously clear sky, so why the panicked tones? Only when I approached them and heard my name shouted, yet again, did I see the horror of the moment.
What I was faced with was watching a murder come to pass. I ran towards Stevie, grabbing his hands, his arms, in fact, whatever I could prise from Carlos’s throat.
Stevie had him choking with the guy’s back arching over the balustrade, that saved you from the five hundred feet drop into the thirty feet Douglas Firs. One mad fuck went to take a photo, until the phone was snatched away by me, and cast into the valley below, my action an instinct.
Dan and the others watched in complete dismay, the next move critical in the saving of that asshole’s life. If only they learnt to keep their stupid comments to themselves they wouldn’t find their lives ebbing away above a stunning valley, a Rock Star’s hands clamped to their windpipe.
I did what I always did. I put myself between him and them, just like I used to do with Max and the guy he was about to beat to a pulp.
Appearing from nowhere, I’d place my face where the freaks face was, my smile where the freaks mouth was. I used the right tone at just the right time.
‘Stevie, bruv, I know you can hear me, your eyes are focused on me,’ I calmly said. ‘You need to let go now ... He’s turning blue and doesn’t look too healthy, and his tan has faded, for sure ... But, we can change that ... If you let go of his throat, that is,’ I slowly smiled. ‘Stevie, this isn’t what tonight’s about ... Tonight’s about Dan moving in and us partying on down ... It isn’t about this,’ I crooned, indicating the hand that remained at Carlos’s throat, the other having been removed by me peeling a finger away, one by one.
My eyes burnt into his, searching for the man I knew so well, seeking my brother-in-law out and my crazy lifeguard.
‘... I know what he said and, yeah, he’s an asshole that knows nothing about Max and what he was, or stood for ... This article doesn’t know how much good Max did in this world, not many do ... Only we know that, Stevie, us and the guys stood looking at you now, wondering what the hell ya doing wasting valuable drinking time on a shit like him ...’
I nodded to the grunt behind me, the one whose life I was slowly saving. Finally his fingers relaxed a little while I stretched. Carlos’s air supply slowly resumed, but it wasn’t over yet, not quite.
Just as I grabbed Stevie’s t-shirt to move away, Stevie made one final action. He simply pushed the guy away with all his strength, his idea of being rid of the slimy cretin. Only, he didn’t know his own strength, did he? He nearly sent the flyweight to his well-deserved doom, legs flicking him over the edge, gone forever, farewell you tosser.
Luckily, for him, a big bloke called Grim grabbed him just before the balance was tipped. Righting himself he felt he just had to have the last word.
‘... Well, that does it,’ he croaked, one hand to his throat, the other gripping the balustrade as he composed himself. ‘YOU are finished, Manley ... FINISHED... Don’t think you’re gonna get away with this,’ he spat, the look on his face, that of the total arse-wipe he really was, ‘because you’re not, and I’ll be going to my...’
‘Oh ... Just shut the FUCK UP, will ya ....’
The voice was mine and not a happy one at that. They all watched as I spun with my words, my blinding fist coming up to catch Tossa Van Douchebag a lovely right hook in the kisser. He sailed across the decking towards the house, ending with a crash of chairs as he landed to the side of the one occupied by Joey. The round of applause was started by him.
‘Nice one, chick ... That shut the fucker up, didn’t it?’ Joey bellowed with laughter.
He looked at the guy sat on the next lounger along.
‘Great, ain’t she?’ he laughed, a thumb lifting to point in my direction.
I led Stevie away, back inside, to the kitchen, to the heart of the guys and those that cared most. Dan’s house was christened in more ways than one, it’s amazing where he found vomit the next morning. And, all in all, everybody had a fabulous night, even me.
Terri was very quiet, but then he was very stoned. He smiled a lot and played the acoustic that was found in the bathroom, of all places. He was happy doing his thing, watching how the true Manley men did it. He had to admit, he was impressed with me, I could swing one when need be.
Taking him to one side, I explained that his Uncle Stevie wasn’t always like that. Terri wanted to know if it was only when he was defending his Dad, Max. My reply had been that Stevie was only like it when his family was being threatened. Terri’s reply was that he knew, from watching his Uncle Stevie, where he, himself, got if from. Agreeing with him, I vocalised my joy of him not being the same stage drunkard as the Manley boys were known to be.
He’d found that funny. Of all of us, he and his Granma, Beth, were the only two that didn’t drink to excess. He wasn’t sure if that was a good or a bad thing. His thinking finally made him chuckle.
It was heard that Carlos Van Douchebag was rather rapidly escorted to his awaiting car that night. Seems it wasn’t long after his little collision with my fist that he sold up and moved to Italy. Sadly, no one knew for several months and, had we known, we would have appeared, at the airport, so as to wave the horrible little shit goodbye.
~
With the year that had passed, and his time in Canada, a lot of things had changed for Terri. Family had been gained, family had been lost, and all that time life had turned him around and bit him pretty bloody hard on the arse. But, this didn’t faze him, it didn’t make him want to give up and go running back to England. No, this made him take it on, stand a little firmer, fight a little harder, stay awake a few tracks longer.
A couple of the things that had changed his life, thus far, in a way he never thought possible, were AJ and music. Somehow his dream of being a musician, a serious musician, had come to fruition, and those that believed he could do it were the driving force behind him all the way. AJ was the last thing to make everything right. Once that step was taken everything would fall into place.
The decision to make the change, and not tell a soul, was something that didn’t really cross his mind. If the truth be known, it seemed the natural next step at the time, even more so after the resurrection of Ea$y from the embers as if an amazing arse kicking Phoenix.
The day it came through there was one person he needed to tell first, his Granma, Beth. She was top of the list, as the Matriarch of the Manley family. He thought it right she didn’t hear it from anyone else.
The drive to her place was pretty non eventful. The radio played a hundred songs that made him envision AJ dancing through his mind. The following track explained how that empty seat next to him should be filled by her. Every line of those lyrics came with a message and how much he really needed her in his life.
The next one called for cool mint kisses and county lines, still the thread of a connection seemed to be forged. When he couldn’t stand it anymore, he switched to CD, the tune blaring out the latest HeadWay beat, the whining guitar cranking up with the volume, the percussion taking away the taste of AJ in his mouth.
Once he’d parked out the back of his Granma’s place, where I had shown him, he walked the rear drive to the backyard. Knowing the time of day and his Granma, she’d be listening to the local Gospel Choir on the radio, singing songs and being all happy-clappy. This, he really did love to hear, the voices always so alive and rejoicing in the Lord’s name.
When he entered her deliciously aromatic kitchen he had to stop, in silence, and watch. Granma didn’t have the Gospel Choir blaring as usual. No, she was listening to something totally different. If Terri wasn’t mistaken, and he wasn’t, it was some upbeat, retro Blue Grass, and she was swinging her skirt hem, and loving every minute of it.
He didn’t have the heart to stop her, not when she was enjoying herself so much. He was half tempted to join in but retracted that thought. She was lost in her music, so, let her have those moments to herself.
As the box-bass bashed out the last of the tempo, she turned and nearly died on the spot. Someone was stood behind her. Once her failing eyesight caught up, she was able to ascertain it was young Terri, and so she ended her stunned silence.
‘... Sweet Jesus in a holy apple tree ... Ya nearly stopped my poor heart, boy,’ she chuckled, one hand to her chest, the other supporting her weight on the counter top.
She was laughing at the same time, making it even harder to get her words out.
‘Sorry, Granma, I didn’t mean to surprise you in such a monumental way, but you seemed to be having such a great time I didn’t want to disturb ya ... You okay?’ he asked, moving towards her and guiding her to a seat, the least he could do, having nearly finished her off in such an epic way.
‘Yeah,’ she grinned, ‘I’m fine, just fine ... Maybe I’m getting old, son, or maybe I’m getting a little deaf ... Either way, you turning up, outta the blue like this, it’s always a blessed sight, you an ya darling face ...’
She sat down as her gorgeous grandson took the seat on the corner, next to her, still holding her hand.
‘I just made some almond cookies,’ she smiled. ‘They’re still cooling in the oven ... And there’s your favourite jam tarts in the larder ... You decide and get what ya want ... And while ya at it, make some coffee, child ... Ya poor Granma is dehydrating as she speaks,’ was said as Terri moved to the most used machine in her household, his actions the same as if being at home.
‘Granma, I need to tell you something ... Well, lots of things really, but one thing is more important than all the others,’ Terri said from the counter behind Beth.
Her eyes dropped to her hands as the worst case scenarios rushed through her mind. Those that tumbled through, she hated every one.
‘Tell me something good, son, that’s all I ask. We all seen a mess a miles together now, and it hasn’t all turned out that bad, has it?’ she asked, her voice slow and steady.
‘No, Granma,’ he smiled to himself, ‘it turned out the best ever ... So, without telling anyone, and via the Government in England ... I changed my name from Daley to Manley ...’
He paused for a moment.
‘... I hope you don’t mind ...’
The coffee was made over her silence. It wasn’t until he took his seat once more did he realise the reason for her having nothing to say on the subject. As she looked up at him, her smile beamed and her tears ran. There are many moments of happiness in Beth’s life, this being one of them.
‘... You’re a Manley, on paper, officially, with a passport that states it too?’ she questioned, her need for the answers enough to bring her arms onto the table top, crossed and drawing her in.
Terri was nodding as she spoke. He didn’t need to use words, as his smile said it all.
‘Son, there’s some Champagne ya Daddy got me, it’s in the lower part of the cooler ... It’s time it got cracked open ... You go get that and I’ll get the glasses, cuz we are gonna drink to that, yes, we are,’ she smiled, her eyes as bright as diamonds.
And before anyone knew it, Terri was indeed a Manley, by name and by nature. Musically born and bred, he was reaping everything his Dad, Max, had ever sown. The legacy Max left behind was about to make Terri a very wealthy man. The next question was, when he got there, would he be able to handle it?
~
The fact that AJ Tate had gone quiet didn’t really register with that many people. She’d already told her record company, and Reedy, that after her Canadian Tour she’d be talking a year off to chill and start writing again. And that she did.
Before anyone even noticed, months had gone by since AJ’s last night in Montreal. I’d spoken to her, on several occasions, but we’d both been so busy time had slipped into another season. Then the rumours started to fly. Was she suffering some horrible illness? The red carpet ceremony for that year’s CNM (Canadian National Music) Awards was alive with reasons for her not being there. The world noticed her absence too. Her award, for Best Female Artist, third year running, was accepted by Reedy on her behalf.
She’d been at home on her own all day and evening. It was peaceful, the house quiet, the dogs, Bodean and Cooter, crashed on their couches at opposite ends of the long room, snoring quietly. The fire was lit, the heat feeding lovely warmth throughout, the cold outside harsh enough to make you stay inside.
Some of her time had been spent in the studio she’d had built on the back of her huge, new home. There was always something brewing in her head, a quirkier beat, a jazzier lyric, she worked it all out, and all on her own.
Though she rattled around in the massive complex of ornate rooms with her mutts, she liked it, it was big, grand and all her’s. Apart from the library, where she was presently sat, she loved her kitchen and the way the den curved off it, the balcony being a half moon.
See, AJ’s house was a bit different to those built around her. AJ had her house built to her requirements. This meant that all the living space was upstairs, where you could view and admire the amazing mountains in the distance. Large and airy, the open space was a pleasure to relax in. Cool colours graced walls hung with art, large framed photos, and most of her Platinum Disks. One end had a wonderful tapestry on a rail, the image depicting a rose lined walkway leading to a garden gate which stood slightly ajar.
Four bedrooms and a games/film room were on the ground (or first floor in Canada), where it was also cooler to sleep in the baking hot summers. The entrance to the studio was next to the master suite, down the corridor, turn left.
A huge inside pool, with Jacuzzi, took up most of the basement. This also housed the sauna, a gym, two large storage rooms and the control room for the solar panels on the roof. On the first floor (or second floor to the Canadians) were the kitchen, den, library, and all the other great places to hang out when alone or in good company. It was one of the best party pads going, apart from the lodge, but then the two dwellings almost shared the same layout.
AJ had thought about going to the awards. She had thought about it, long and hard. For weeks she pondered the idea of going. Then it came to a grinding halt, and she didn’t want to go, but then again, she didn’t want to go anywhere, at all.
Her doorbell going just before 8 p.m. made her check her phone. She’d been reading and had nodded off. Her eyes turned to the darkness beyond her windows, the darkness that wasn’t there the last time she looked.
Putting her phone down, she lifted from her comfortable spot and made for the stunning staircase that took her to her hall. The Italian marble floor echoed her arrival as leather soled flip-flops slapped a path to the solid wood front doors.
She checked the spy hole. All she saw were flowers. She pushed the button on the intercom.
‘Ha, ha, very funny ... No face, no entry ...’
A female voice replied, ‘Sweetie, these poor flowers are bloody freezing to death in this cold ... And come to mention it, so am I ...’
AJ swung the door open to the cold night air, the rush enough to make her face tingle after being in front of the lovely fire upstairs.
‘Tee, what the hell ya doing here, ya damn crazy woman? Not even the cops are out in this ... Come in, come in ...’
AJ cleared the way for me and her beautiful flowers to enter.
‘And I was worried about you ... You didn’t return any of my calls about tonight. When I didn’t hear from you, after three days, I thought I’d pop in on my way back from my meeting with Craig, you know, make sure you were okay,’ I smiled at her, handing her the bouquet, the scent hanging between us.
Hugging my little friend I kissed her cheek the same as ever. I looked AJ up and down as I passed over the flowers, she was breathing in their perfume as she smiled.
‘Actually, now I’ve seen you, I don’t think I have anything to worry about ... I must say, you’re looking rather well with your hair up like that and the baggy dungarees ... Have you been away because you look ...?’
I stopped talking and stared at AJ. Her eyes came up to meet mine as she turned and walked towards the stairs. She paused, turning back to see where I was.
‘Are ya coming? ... Or ya gonna stand there, all night, with that silly look on ya face? Thought you’d need a drink to thaw ya frozen hide out ... I still got some Jack, if ya want me to do ya a hot toddy ...’
Still I remained silent, the look on my face changing slightly, my eyes taking in the form of the woman at the bottom of her grand staircase. I smiled, a big smile, a smile that said it knew something, a smile that showed teeth and made eyes twinkle.
AJ swallowed and stood to face the truth coming out because, she thought, I had finally seen the reason of her absence.
‘Oh, my, God,’ I chuckled as I walked towards her. ‘You got it going on, haven’t you? Come on ... What gives, tell me?’
AJ was the one to pull a funny face, when she turned and ascended to the upper floor.
‘I don’t know what you’re talking about ... Has the cold finally frozen ya brain? ... But, it’ll be okay, honey, the Jack’ll defrost it for ya,’ she chuckled as she made her climb.
AJ was already in the kitchen when I finally appeared behind her. The flowers were put in a large vase of water, food pouch added, and placed on the counter from kitchen to den. That way they could be seen from both rooms.
‘Tee, why the hell ya stood there looking at me that way?’ AJ questioned, moving to the kettle to start the process of hot toddies.
Standing across from her, my back rested against the counter, my arms and feet crossed. I just had to ask, I had to.
‘... Has Terri asked you to marry him?’ I grinned.
That’s how it was asked, straight forward, no messing. There was a sigh of relief, felt but not heard, AJ hoped. I had been on another thread all along. So, maybe her secret was safe for just a little while.
No sooner had we sat down in the den, and taken a sip of our fruit toddies, mine with Jack, AJ’s without, the doorbell went again. Lifting from her seat, she tried not to waddle for the door. All the walking, her legs were in agony and her back ached like a bitch, but she kept going, she kept it up.
‘Jesus, I’m popular tonight ... At this rate we’ll have a rave on our hands ... What ya reckon there, Tee?’ she laughed as she disappeared off down the stairs.
Once again the sound of slapping flip-flops, once again the cold rush of air. No looking, it was opened with a ‘What?’ bitten into the numbingly cold night.
She was confronted with more flowers held by, the last person she was expecting to see, Terri. He had battled snow piled highways, freezing temperatures, and the worse driving conditions ever known to man, to get to her. She didn’t know whether to laugh or cry, either being possible, and just then it could have been both.
‘I saw Tee’s motor out front, she here too, honey?’ he asked, stepping onto the warmth and luxury of under floor heating to kiss her on the lips.
The flowers were then passed over in a mannish sort of way. He looked down at her after quickly glancing to the floor above.
‘... Yep, she sure is ...’ she replied, taking the big bunch of perfect blooms.
‘... Time we tell her then ...’
He lead her back the way she’d just come, hand in hand. They entered the den that way, Terri grinning and first through the door.
‘Oh, Lordy, mamma ... Well, well, Master Manley ... To what do we owe this pleasure?’ I grinned, as I clocked the hand holding, the young man’s hug as loving as ever.
‘Well,’ he chuckled, ‘I was passing and hadn’t seen my girl in ages, so thought I’d drop by and say hi ... Anyway, what you doing here? Thought you had a meeting in Vancouver with Craig ...’
I glanced from one to the other, my smile appearing at the sight of more flowers, along with my words.
‘All done ... We finished there yesterday so I got a flight back to Edmonton this morning ... I was a little concerned about this one,’ I nodded in AJ’s direction, ‘so, thought I’d pop in on my way home, make sure she was okay, you know, that friend stuff,’ I grinned, my smile matching his. ‘So, you guys ... What’s going on? You gonna inform ya families before it hits the morning papers?’
They both looked at me, my arms still crossed, hot toddy finished and my empty mug awaiting its refill.
AJ was the one to answer. It was said as she placed Terri’s bouquet on the counter, next to the sink, and it was the last answer either of us was expecting her to come out with, ever.
‘... Well, I reckon our families first, then we should go global with it ... Let’s see how that works out for us, honey ... I suppose we better ... And while we’re at it ... I can tell the story on how I been keeping the fact I’m nearly six months pregnant quiet from you and them,’ she grinned, one hand still in Terri’s, the other lifting to the back of her dungarees.
With her fingers scrunching up the loose fabric, suddenly it was obvious. She was, indeed, well on her way to bringing another Manley into the world.
~
The contractions were coming pretty thick and fast as the female form showed all the signs of a woman about to explode. Snow fluttered passed opened windows yet she still dripped sweat, how was that even possible?
Sat forward in bed, knees apart, I was one side rubbing her back as Terri stood with her head leant against his side. AJ moaned every so often, the gaps getting shorter as the time rolled by. The volume turned up a little when a big one trawled through her body, bum and brain. The tide came again, harder this time.
‘... Oh, sweet Jesus ... Here we go ... Get this damn thing outta me ... NOW ...’
AJ’s face went a funny colour as an almighty roar broke from her. The pants cut in on cue, with help from me and the gas and air mask. That thing was temporarily welded to her face. Great big gulps she took, and a fight, it was, to get it away from her.
Terri wasn’t quite at panic mode, but he was well on his way to reaching it. He stroked her hair and crooned words of sympathy, his heart aching for her. He looked for his mobile, and then looked again, the camera being what he was after.
AJ clocked his turning motion.
‘... Terrick Asshole Manley, if you so much as pick up that phone, and point it anywhere near my gaping girly bits, I will rip it from your hands and personally shove it into a place, I know, has never seen the light ... Do you hear me?’ AJ barked at him, her patience as depleted as it was ever going to be by that stage.
He reconsidered the idea, seeing his error. It probably wasn’t a good time to take photos of Mommy, not in her current position or state of mind anyway.
Again with the pain, the barrier being hit and leapt over, AJ’s voice nowhere near hitting its full potential. Still the controlled breathing with my help, still the hand clamping, still the cursing.
‘Honey, I think you’re near your time now ... Maybe I should wait outside ... It’s all gonna kick off, any minute, and I don’t want to see what I’ve never been through,’ I grinned painfully, my hand clamping AJ’s sweaty one as the back rubbing continued.
Two faces snapped towards me, their pleading voices almost at the same pitch.
‘... Please ... Don’t leave me ...’ they both replied in unison.
I looked from AJ to Terri as their eyes went back to the other’s face, their smiles there somehow. Turning to me in her bed, whilst clamping my hand tightly, she was still being hugged by her better half.
‘Ya can’t leave me now, Tee, I need you ... Ya can’t go ... I’ll never speak to ya again, never again, I ...’
As the pain started to ascend, so did AJ’s voice, it climbed higher and higher, her wail almost a string of shouted insults.
A nurse appeared, checked under the sheet and then smiled up at her.
‘... Fully dilated ... That’s what we like to see ... When ya ready, AJ, the floor’s all yours ...’
I stayed, I had to. AJ wouldn’t let my hand go. I was glad I did in the end, seeing that side of the pain, joy and happiness, watching life come into the world but not having to be the barer. The laughter and amount of tears that can come from three adults and a new-born babe, it’s amazing, all of it is.
Terri had the wrapped bundle in his hands when he turned to me.
‘... Mum ... Would you like a hold?’ he smiled.
I looked at him, at AJ sat in her bed, then smiled with tears in my eyes.
‘Wow, Mum, huh ... That’s quite a gift to get on such an amazing Christmas Eve ...’
‘Actually,’ AJ smiled, ‘that should be Granma and, if ya wanna get it right, and that clock up there hasn’t stopped, then it’s quite a gift to get on Christmas Day ...’
‘It’s Christmas Day already? Wow, being a Granma, on Christmas Day ... Suddenly I feel really old,’ I laughed, my eyes brimming with the onslaught of tears. ‘Maybe I can think about that one, huh ... But, Mum, from you,’ I smiled, looking at Terri, ‘that, I like ... Merry Christmas, sweetheart.’
After cuddles and kisses, all-round, I was given the privilege of taking the good news to those in the waiting room. There were more kisses before I left. Five times I went back.

The two groups of family had taken over one side of the private space set at the end of the hall. AJ’s parents, Bess and Bobby, were sat with their youngest, Dara, their faces as rung out as their hands.
Beth was sat talking to AJ’s oldest sister, Sophie, and was the first to rise. Stevie and Chelsea followed, holding the boys. As soon as Beth saw me walking towards them, big smile and clapping hands, she knew it was going to be an amazing Christmas. They all stood, they all wanted to know the verdict.
Slowly coming to a halt before them, I was light on my toes, my hands gently clasping together, my chin coming to rest on the tips of my fingers.
I almost burst with the words, ‘... It’s a gorgeous girl ...’
The room erupted with cheers and claps, everyone hugging and kissing, the joy an explosion. Questions were blurred over the noise. Someone called for quiet, the hush calming them down.
‘Well ... Merry Christmas, one and all,’ I smiled, my face radiating a heartfelt pride. ‘So, Mommy and baby are doing just fine ... Not sure about Daddy though, he looks a little green, but he’ll get over it ... Anyway, she weighed in at a massive three and a half kilos, that’s eight pound six ounces’ish in old money,’ I laughed, looking around the group of people before me. ‘Daddy is gonna bring her out to say hello in a bit ... AJ’s just feeding her and they’re all bonding, it’s lovely ... So, have a coffee, get me one too, please, and I’ll be back shortly ...’
As I walked away the chatter started again. It fell quiet. Stevie asked the question down the hall, his voice audible to any ear.
‘... Hey, Tee ... They got a name for the little mite yet?’
Faces turned towards me as my words were deployed. Looking back at the little group from the corner, my smile blazed across my face, my tears a sparkle in my eyes.
‘Ooh, jeez, yeah,’ I chuckled, my voice light and full of excitement, ‘they’ve named her ... Bella, Bo, Manley ... Isn’t it beautiful? And she’s gorgeous ... Wait till you guys see her, she’s definitely a beauty to match that name ... She’ll put dimples in all your cheeks, and that’s the truth,’ I smiled before disappearing again.

Terri waddled from their side room in control of his precious cargo, with me to guide and watch he didn’t feel so helpless. The faces that greeted him were alight with the thoughts of a brand new life in their midst’s, the moist eyes and beaming smiles their testament to that fact. Pleasure and possessiveness oozed from the Tate grandparents, this was a first for them.
Baby Bella was indeed a very precious Christmas gift, and there she was, sleeping in her Daddy’s arms, fed and happy. Born to a white world beyond, her mass of fair hair was a golden frizz to her tiny crown. It curled at her ears in exactly the same way Terri’s does still, everyone saw, everyone smiled. Baby Bella brought us alive, all of us.
The fold closed around her, the Tate grandparents getting their few minutes with her before shooting off to see how their own baby girl was for a few moments. The extended family, myself first, then swept in to take a hold, everyone as in love as the next.
Daddy watched on, his pride boiling, lips smiling, eye wiping, back patted. It was lovely to see, to feel, to have and to hold. It was Daddy/Daughter Love, and it was good.

And, now, for one night only, the awesome, the atomic ... The one and only...
EA$Y...

Your Time Is Up
I see you looking at my girlfriend. What do you hope to gain? The only path you’re heading down is clearly lined with pain. So go back to the bar and buy a beer for all the guys. And if you’re really lucky, you’ll be leaving with your eyes. Your time is up. Your time is done. I see you sweating cuz there’s nowhere left to run. I got the time. We got the space. It won’t be long before I’m dancing on your face. Just take a step. Just take one more. It’s time you finally get to know the score. Your time is up. Your time is done. So get in line. There’s nowhere left to run. I’ve been watching you all evening. You can’t tear your eyes away. And I been waiting on the moment, you and me might get to play. I’d like to show you something, you’ve probably never seen before. And if you’re really lucky, you’ll be leaving through that door. Your time is up. Your time is done. I see you sweating cuz there’s nowhere left to run. I got the time. We got the space. It won’t be long before I’m dancing on your face. Just make a move. Just cross that line. And when you do, your fucking ass is mine. Your time is up. Your time is done. So get in line. There’s nowhere left to run.
So you think you’re cool. So you think you’ll take me on. But you ain’t that brave. So just move your ass along. I’ll take my time. You’ll wind up feeling pain. But I don’t mind. To me it’s all the same.
Your time is up, your time is done, I see you sweating cuz there’s nowhere left to run. We got the time, we got the space. It won’t be long before I’m dancing on your face. You call it hard. I call it loser. So walk away, before I take away your pride. You need to leave, you’ll wind up bleeding. Your time is up. Your time is done. So get in line ... There’s nowhere left to run.

Baby of Mine
That baby of mine she can drive me wild, she can drive me wild, and I love her style. That baby of mine she can take me down, she can turn me around, and I’m lost for a while. With her long brown legs and her long dark hair, that baby of mine, she just don’t care. That baby of mine, she’s so damn fine, so damn fine, yeah, so damn fine. I say that baby of mine is so damn fine, she’s so damn fine, she’s mine. That baby of mine she can make me smile, she can make me smile, and I love her style. That baby of mine she can take her time, cuz I know she’s mine, at least for a while. With her long brown legs and her long dark hair, hat baby of mine, she just don’t care.  That baby of mine, she’s so damn fine, so damn fine, yeah, so damn fine. I say that baby of mine is so damn fine, she’s so damn fine, she’s mine.
To feel her touch, to taste her kiss, she’s somehow always on my mind. I try my best, to make it through, but without her I seem so blind.
I say, that baby of mine is so damn fine, she’s so damn fine, well, she’s all mine. With her long brown legs, and her long dark hair, that baby of mine, she just don’t care. That baby of mine, she’s so damn fine, so damn fine, and she’s all mine. That baby of mine is so damn fine, she’s so damn fine, she’s mine.

Can’t Stay Away
They said we wouldn’t last the summer, our lives so far apart it caused a tide. But even with all those miles that lay between us, we somehow love across that ocean wide. This dream we have, we gotta try, to make it work before we see it die. We searched so long, what can we do? All I know is I can’t stay away from you.
They said we wouldn’t last the season; a year has passed since someone used that line. So I’ll be waiting, living on the moment, I can pull you close and know you’re really mine. This dream we have, we gotta try, to make it work before we see it die. We searched so long, what can we do? All I know is I can’t stay away from you.
And I tried to stay gone, and I tried for so long, but then I see you standing at your door. So if you feel the same, then just call my name. This is what we’ve been waiting for.
This dream we have, we gotta try, to make it work before we see it die. We searched so long, what can we do? All I know is I can’t stay away from you. We searched so long, what can we do? All I know is ... I can’t stay away from you.

Take Me Home
I can feel it through the night, a thousand miles away. The road is always ripping up my dreams. But I keep going cuz there’s only one way back to you. The path I take not always as it seems. You’re the highway to take me home, the highway to take me home. High and low, wherever I may roam, you’re the highway to take me home. You’re the highway to take me home, the highway to take me home. You’re voice on the phone, when I’m all alone. You’re the highway to take me home.
I hurry through my life just to be with you, I’m waiting on the day I pull you near
So I keep going cuz there’s only one way back to you, say my name, that’s all I need to hear
You’re the highway to take me home, the highway to take me home. High and low, wherever I may roam, you’re the highway to take me home. You’re the highway to take me home, the highway to take me home. You’re voice on the phone, when I’m all alone. You’re the highway to take me home.
And far and wide the miles below me grind, the sun is to my back, and I remember. When the hour’s growing late, it gets harder for me to wait. Then there you are again, erasing all the pain.
You’re the highway to take me home, the highway to take me home. High and low, wherever I may roam, you’re the highway to take me home. You’re the highway to take me home, the highway to take me home. With your voice down the line, I miss you every time. You’re the highway to take me home. You’re the highway to take me home. You’re the highway to take me home. Take me home ... Again.

Backstabber
You think you’re so smart but you don’t really know a thing, when you’re kissing up to me for a diamond ring. But I know better than to trust your little lies. I can see the deceit in your backstabber eyes. You rip me up. You tear me down. The way you play with every guy I know in town. This ain’t a game. This shit’s for real. When I signed up I know, for sure, this weren’t the deal.
I don’t know what you’re doing when you say that you’re at home. I always seem to pick up on your answerphone. So now I’m just wondering what really underlies. As I look into your pretty blue backstabber eyes. You rip me up. You tear me down. The way you play with every guy I know in town. This ain’t a game. This shit’s for real. When I signed up I know, for sure, this weren’t the deal.
You’re lying; I see it, time I walk away. That feeling, I loved it, I craved it every day
You’re lying; I see it, time I walk away. That feeling, I loved it, I craved it every day
You’re lying; I see it, time I walk away. That feeling, I loved it, I craved it every day
All these moves you make on me won’t ever mean a thing, there’s nothing you can say or do to earn your diamond ring. See, now I know better than to trust your little lies, cuz I can see what’s hiding in your backstabber eyes. Yeah, I can see what’s hiding in your backstabber eyes. It’s all right there in your backstabber eyes.
You rip me up. You tear me down. The way you play with every guy I know in tow. This ain’t a game. This shit’s for real. When I signed up I know, for sure, this weren’t the deal. You rip me up. You tear me down. The way you play with every guy I know in town. This ain’t a game. This shit’s for real. When I signed up I know, for sure, this weren’t the deal. When I signed up I know, for sure, this weren’t the deal. When I signed up I know, for sure ... This weren’t the deal.

Out Of The Fire
And where are we now? Your silence makes me cold somehow. No mention of the tears I’ve cried. So I just carry on, carry on.
If this is it, then this is shit, running round like a lunatic. Hearing lies from prying eyes, wondering why the loving dies. You took the piss, no final kiss. It’s time I walked away from this. Just one last smile to last a while. Just one more heart to add to the pile.
And where are you now? The silence makes me cold somehow. No mention of the tears I’ve cried. So I just carry on, carry on.
Easy to share, but not to care, when you’re stood looking back from over there. It’s another lost phone, a long walk home, the sweetest kiss that you’ve never known. A sleepless night, no hope in sight, no hand to hold when you take on the fight. So, wave goodbye, try not to cry. I’m walking away with my head held high. But don’t be sad, it ain’t that bad. I was just the best that you never had.
So where are we now? Our silence made us cold somehow. No mention of the tears we cry. So we just carry on, carry on. So where are we now? The silence made us cold somehow. No mention of the tears we cried. So we just carry on, carry on. We just carry on, carry on. We just carry on.

Give You Shelter
When there’s nothing else and nowhere left, I’ll give you shelter. Face to the world, a lonely place, I’ll give you shelter. When you’re on the floor nearing surrender, I’ll give you shelter. If you’re all alone and in need of home, I’ll give you shelter.
Look out for me, cuz I’m stood here at the window. Looking out for you, wishing you’d come home. And I hope, all the time, that you’ll always remember. I love you, and miss you, and I really hate being here alone.
The fight of your life, the last man standing, I’ll give you shelter. As you grieve inside and don’t know why, I’ll give you shelter. If you let it go and it don’t come back, I’ll give you shelter. Should a photograph rip you in half, I’ll give you shelter.
Look out for me, cuz I’m stood here at the window. Looking out for you, wishing you’d come home. And I hope, all the time, that you’ll always remember. I love you, and miss you, and I really hate being here alone.
On a rainy day when your soul won’t rest, I’ll give you shelter. In the coldest nights, when love is lost, I’ll give you shelter. If you call my name and need my help, I’ll give you shelter. If it all goes wrong or lets you down, I’ll give you shelter.
Look out for me, cuz I’m still standing at my window. Looking out for you, wishing you’d come home. And I hope, every day, that you’ll always remember. I love you, and miss you ... And I always hate being here ... Alone.

Dead End
How long before the hammer falls, before words are said then meant. Before the hurt is tasted and made real. Before what there is doesn't matter anymore. What makes us change our minds, the roles reversing? The pain burns under ribs, the hurt seen in our eyes.
Lost in a mind not reached by you, cold hands have sealed your fate. No warm heart left to rest them on, don't touch what you can’t respect.
The best was seen an age ago, you left it alone and now it's gone. Collecting dust like a shelf in life, don’t go near it now. No point in making it worse, no hope of shaking more. There's no reason, it stopped breathing. It died for a reason, and that reason is you.
Lost in a mind not reached by you, cold hands have sealed your fate. No warm heart left to rest them on, don't touch what you won’t respect.
Send it on its way. You can't mend it now. Why bother trying? It’s obvious we’re done.
Lost in a mind not reached by you, cold hands have sealed your fate. No warm heart left to rest them on, don't touch what you don’t respect. Lost in a mind not reached by you, cold hands have sealed your fate. No warm heart left to rest them on, don't touch what you don’t respect.

Before The Fall
Open the door and walk into the mist. Let it pull you in and take you over. In this space we find, just beyond the veil. We are the one thing we both require. It draws us higher, the gasps at a pace. That burning rush, it’s just below the skin. Whispered sighs, that all end in a smile. These new emotions, they all end in a win.
That silken trail, our beacon in the dark, we touch the edge, melting into one. As cores ignite, a tide before the fall, we can’t turn back, the fire has been lit.
Swallow diving from the greatest height, the nearness that only comes this way. So give to get, and then give a little more. Lap it up and let me in a while. My heart, well formed, has strength enough for two. This passion a storm not felt before. Your eyes, your mouth, I touch you there, we are lost and we don’t really care.
This silken trail, my beacon in the dark, I touched its edge, melting into one. Our cores ignite, a tide before the fall, you can’t turn back, your fire has been lit. Our silken trail, the beacon in the dark, we touched its edge, melting into one. Our cores ignite, high tide before the fall, we won’t turn back, our fire has been lit
Open the door and walk into the mist. Let it pull you in and take you over. In this space we find, just beyond the veil. We are the one thing we both require.

Damaged Goods
She was going crazy. So I made her sane. And now the glowing ember has become a flame. The letting in, the letting go, to drop the wall, she’ll never show. A lie released, a lie undone, is still a lie, from anyone. But when it’s said, there’s no return. Then that there flame, can start to burn.
To make it real, this maelstrom, is to tell the tale, where she came from. To drop her guard, and let me in; is a hefty process, to begin. Arh, but damage done, cannot rewind, what kind of Angel, did I find? As if by magic, her dream contorts, to leave her sinking, in her thoughts.

Her sadness flows, with her one defence, in changing lives, with loud pretence. To carry on, to risk a fall, now looking back, makes no sense at all. Her gloves are on, and her eyes are cast, fighting on, and fading fast. She’s come to know, the truth is told. As her feelings are getting cold.
To make it real, this maelstrom, is to tell the tale, where we come from. To drop the guard, and let them in; is a hefty process, to begin. Arh, but damage done, cannot rewind, what kind of Angel, will we find? As if by magic, our dream contorts, to leave us sinking, in our thoughts.

If she could be like me, she would come to see, that love can, set you free. In a blink of an eye, life will pass her by. There has to be a way, to get the best from every day. There has to be a way, to get the best from every day.
To make it real, this maelstrom, is to tell the tale, where she came from. To drop her guard, and let me in; is a hefty process, to begin. Arh, but damage done, cannot rewind, what kind of Angel, did I find? As if by magic, my dream contorts, to leave me sinking, in my thoughts.

A lie released, a lie undone, is still a lie, from anyone. But when it’s said, there’s no return. And that there flame, will start to burn.

On the Bridge
You wanna know what I’m like without you. I’m in scattered pieces on the floor. And just when I think I might be nearer. Well, I realise, I am no closer than before. When I wish it, you know where I’ll be standing. Close enough to hold you every day. I swear I’d give you every single moment.
I’m being the sunshine to keep those darkening skies far away. I’ll take your hand. We’ll make it right. It’s kinda scary. I’ll admit this, and you should too. Like I told you, I’ll take your hand. I won’t leave you lonely. This love’s a crazy free-fall, a downhill snowball, we’re holding on tonight.

Is there a part of you that’s always pretending? Find some courage in your battered heart. We’ll have it all if we just keep trying. And all those dreams we have will no longer be so far apart. I’ll take your hand. We’ll make it right, it’s kinda scary. I’ll admit this, and you would too. Like I told you, I’ll take your hand. I won’t leave you lonely. This love’s a crazy free-fall, a downhill snowball, I’m holding on tonight.
We’ll find a way to bridge this gulf between us. We’ll find a way, no matter what they say. And if you doubt me just recall the path we take. I so hope that you feel this, you’re so far away. I’ll take your hand. I’ll make it right. It’s kinda scary. I’ll admit that, and you should too. Like I told you, I’ll take your hand. I won’t leave you lonely. This love’s a crazy free-fall, a downhill snowball, we’re holding on tonight.

UK Only Track
D.U.I. Blues
Seems the Angel on my shoulder is about to lose the fight, cuz I’m hanging with the Devil who’s nice and cosy on my right. I’m gonna get myself real wasted, smoke and drink the night away and, if I’m sober in the morning, I know how I’ll spend my day. Gonna take the Chevy southbound, gonna drink my woes away. I’m gonna party with old Satan, each and every day.
Cuz I got the D.U.I. blues, baby, and they’re chasing me on down that lonely road. Yeah, I got the D.U.I. blues, baby, and they’re chasing me on down that lonely road. If I thought that I could outrun them, well, I’d be the first to shed my heavy load.
So, I been trying to be a good guy, but good just isn’t me. Cruising while I’m boozing is a crazy place to be. Well, I hope I don’t get busted. I got a million miles to drive. Before I reach my limit, before I feel alive. Gonna take the Chevy southbound. Gonna drink the next town dry, and if ole Satan’s still a standing. I’m gonna get that sucker high.
Cuz I got the D.U.I. blues, baby, and they’re chasing me on down that lonely road. Yeah, I got the D.U.I. blues, baby, and they’re chasing me on down that lonely road. Well, if I thought that I could outrun them, I’d be the first to shed my heavy load ... Yeah, I said, well, if I thought that I could outrun them ... I’d be the first to shed my heavy load...

Ladies and gentlemen ... We are...
... EA$Y...
... Goodnight...
~~~~~~

Ea$y: Max Manley - lead vocals and guitars - Jake Morgan - guitars and vocals - Stevie Manley - bass - Dan Foster - drums and vocals

Produced by: Ea$y and Mickey Markwell. Engineered by: Mickey Markwell; Assisted by Tyler “This one’s mine” Martyn; Digital Editing by Andy Ryan and Mickey Markwell.
Recorded at Carouse Studios, Vancouver, B.C. & BassMetal Studios Canmore, Alberta.
Mixed by Mikael Taylor and Max Manley; Assisted by Norris O’Neil; Mixed at Sativa Beaver Studios, Vancouver, B.C.

All lyrics by Max Manley, except Damaged Goods, Backstabber and Give You Shelter lyrics by Stevie Manley and Max Manley; Out Of The Fire and Dead End, lyrics by Max Manley, Stevie Manley, Dan Foster and Jake Morgan; On The Bridge and D.U.I. Blues, lyrics by Max Manley and Tee Manley.
All music by Max Manley, except On the Bridge and Can’t Stay Away, music by Max Manley and Jake Morgan; Take Me Home and Baby of Mine, music by Max Manley, Jake Morgan and Stevie Manley; Dead End and Before The Fall, music by Stevie Manley, Jake Morgan and Dan Foster.

Max Thanks: Tee, my inspiration, nobody loves me better, baby, and Ma, my No1 fan; Pam, Charley and Mattie at Gold Style Guitars, Vancouver; Bella and Dave at Perrier Racks and Stacks, Edmonton; Joey, Hatch, Parker, and all the crew, always nice doing business with ya, boyz; Eva, Skip, Lealea, Dave P, and all the guys at Carouse and Sativa Beaver; My technician Bailey Jay and, not forgetting, the crazy kids I live my life with, Stevie, Dan and Jake, thanks guys, you kick ass.

Stevie Thanks: Chelsea and JR, together we are awesome, and Ma, my guiding light and guiding hand; Tony and Jacko at The Bass Basement; my technician Rudy, damn you play good; Cody and Ronson at Citizen Sounds - How loud?; Paulette, Chris and Benson for their help at The MykeStand, Calgary, and lastly, those other guys too, Max, Dan and Jake, let’s do it again sometime.

Dan Thanks: Mom and Dad, Chrissie, Ben, Petie and Cal, and everyone else at home; the guys in the band; Ross and Maddock at The Drum Tech, Vancouver; Trudy and Brandon at Sticks n Stuff; Trev my tech; and, finally, The JD Club, what would I be without you?

Jake Thanks: Dad, Tanya and Cliff; the Bomber Twins and Curtis, as ever, cheers guys, the next round’s on you; all the guys at Carouse and Sativa Beaver; Citizen Sounds; Max, Stevie and Dan, this life rocks, dudes; Joey, Grim and the guys the keep me sane on the road; and Bricky, my tech, hold it the other way, Boston, you’ll strangle it.
For Mom, miss you x.
And, finally, an extra special shout out to all our families and friends for your never-ending love and support. You rock, we love you guys ☺♥

The End
In Loving Memory of my Pops, A. E. Sturgeon: A legend in his own right.
