

Divinity:
The Gathering:
Book One


Susan Reid






Copyright ©2013 Susan Reid
Published by Susan Reid at Smashwords


Smashwords Edition License Notes
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

CONTENTS

Advent: Starling  
I:  Starling   
II:  Starling  
III: Starling  
IV: Cam`ael 
V: Cam`ael   
VI: Starling
VII: Cam`ael
VIII: Starling
IX: Cam`ael
X: Starling
XI: Cam`ael
XII: Starling
XIII: Cam`ael
XIV: Starling
XV: Cam`ael
XVI: Starling
XVII: Cam`ael
XVIII: Starling
XVIV: Cam`ael
XX: Starling
XXI: Cam`ael
XXII: Starling
Exodus: Cam`ael
DEDICATIONS

I dedicate the many sleepless nights, cups of coffee, massive migraines, indecisiveness, anxiety dreams and nightmares that went into bringing this saga to life to the two people that I live each day for — I love you La’Bria and Andrew Jr. Thank you son for your creative vision, talent and assistance.

This book is purely fiction, any and all events, persons, places or names mentioned in this book relating to or resembling anything, place, event or person existing or dead is purely for fictional purposes and strictly coincidental.

“. . . And he said unto them, "I beheld Sa'tan as lightning fall from heaven. Behold, I give unto you power to tread on serpents and scorpions and over all the power of the enemy: and nothing shall by any means hurt you.” (Luke: 10, 18, & 19) 

“From the spirit realm, know that they are always watching. 
As you read this text right now, you are being watched.
They see you. We all do.
Darkness and the beings within are perceptive to emotions. 
They pick up on anger, hate, doubt, and loss of faith very well. 
We all can hear every breath and whisper, right down to each swallow; and we’re experts on distinguishing the beating of a heart in love, lust, and fear. Human frailty can be both an advantage and a disadvantage. 
Unless you are a divine chosen, know that they see you but you will never see them — they are everywhere — always.”
 -- Cam`ael, Former Chief Angel of all Powers-

ADVENT: Starling

The time was nine fifteen p.m., according to the scrolling LED at the bank across the street. I hurried across the parking lot from the Barnes and Noble, where I apparently hadn’t bought anything let alone remembered how, when, and why I had gone there in the first place. Wait, why I was walking anyway? I had a car but as I scanned up and down the curb amid the other parallel parked cars for my black Honda Civic, I didn’t see it anywhere. 
I should be panicking because I think I parked it here, but its absence strangely didn’t seem to bother me. The sidewalks were busy and the stores continued to carry on with business as usual; alive with the sounds of mostly laughter, the chatter of conversations, and the blaring of a car horn every now and then. Exhaust, cinnamon rolls, Chinese, and Italian food all intermingled together to create a unique, nostalgic aroma that rode in with the breeze of the cool night air. This district was deemed the college student Mecca but tonight —I didn’t recognize any of the people that I typically saw out and about.
I didn’t give the scenario much thought. In fact, I wasn’t really sure where I was going now. I glanced around at all the unfamiliar faces that paid me no special attention but there were definitely things that abruptly caught mine. There was only one other time that I had seen so many of them prowling in hordes like this.
I froze and gaped in shock, not so much in fear but uncertainty because I knew the reason they were here. They were searching and they were coming…for me.
Among the clueless, nameless faces of people I saw dark shadows snaking in and out on the hunt. They were Soul predators. Lots and lots of twisted shadows moving like some covert malevolent army, liberally spreading what they brought best—disaster, violence, death, and destruction.
There was a sudden flash of bright red that bathed the entire scene in a hellish, flickering glow. Within a split second of time immediately after that, the familiar college town scene of deli’s, store lights, and pedestrians out for a bite to eat, heading to classes or walking their dogs, were left awed and in complete stunned stupors.
I remained paralyzed, my backpack sliding off of my shoulder and hitting the ground without a sound as ice needles stabbed at the surface of my skin all over. I dreaded that I knew exactly what was happening and it was as if time, sound, and all movements slowed to a crawl and then ceased altogether.
Suddenly, nearly all traces of artificial man-made light failed and plunged us into darkness, save for the moon and its freakish red glow. That was when chaos, confusion, and fear broke out like a plague.
Blinded, people were screaming, panicking, praying, and hurting themselves in futile attempts to escape or hide. There would be no point. I knew better.
Confirmation came when the last natural remaining sources of light fell from the sky in glittery trails and the moon began to bleed. Beneath my feet, the earth rumbled violently, angrily splitting into one enormous rift that pulled everything in its path into its smoldering, yawning mouth, and adding tangible, fierce heat to the already eerie and fiery red illumination.
The cacophonous beating of what sounded like a million wings, followed by shrill, unearthly growling, howling, and shrieking pierced the darkness —coming from inside of the rift and everywhere at once it seemed.   Bats? Birds?
I lost my balance, fell and was stepped on more times than I could count until I spied a nearby car parked along the curb. The red illumination of doom radiating from the new moon would have to be my guide. People were crying and screaming as I maneuvered my way through the mayhem of legs, feet, falling glass, and debris in the darkness. I felt my way and crawled along as swiftly as I could pull myself on my elbows against the burning rough pavement, which left my forearms raw. I ignored the pain, pushing my way towards the shadow of the Cadillac and hurriedly rolling beneath it as if it would really offer protection and safety from what was happening and about to come.
It was dark under here but I could clearly see around the outer edges of the Cadillac through the glimmer of the raging fires in the distance. My heart continued to hammer wildly, being fueled by fear and adrenaline. The asphalt was hot beneath me and the thunderous rumbling, which was growing louder, continued from within the earth and reverberated throughout my body.
I cocked my head to the right. Someone was praying but I could only make out a few words. It was a man’s voice. His words were choppy, “. . . forgiveness of my sins . . . faith. . .” He was abruptly cut off followed by diabolical, mocking laughter, and after his short scream of terror, I heard something wet like flesh being ripped, bones breaking, and then…suckling. Bile burned my esophagus. I wanted to scream as my body went numb with terror. It was too dark to see what had happened to him, thank God, but I did see dark silhouettes morphing and dancing over his lifeless form— laughing in triumph. I wanted to pray myself but would it even matter? It hadn’t for him.
Mewling or what sounded like crying turned my attention upwards above me towards the front of the Cadillac. Though I didn’t want to see, didn’t want to know what was making that sound, I looked anyway because I had to help if I could manage to this time. A stroller had been tipped over and a baby screamed. It was wrapped up inside the bundle of blankets that had tumbled out.
My gut wrenched but I didn’t even pause to let my fear paralyze me. I turned over onto my belly to crawl towards the baby in order to grab and pull it towards me quickly. I was willing to offer my own body as a shield but I was too late.
To my frozen horror, something dark and wicked, resembling a mutant vulture with glowing green eyes, swooped down swiftly and snatched up the bundle just as my fingertips grazed the blanket. I couldn’t even make a sound to scream or cry out myself.  Terror and heartbreak were an understatement.
I felt both guilt of failure and hopeless —now awaiting my own death. Would I be snatched like that too? Would I be crushed under the Cadillac? Torn apart? Torn apart by what? What had that thing been? The sudden, rancid combination of wet feathers, feces, rotten flesh, and fur mixed with burnt earth made me retch and I could taste it in the back of my throat. It was tortuous since I already had a hard time breathing amid the acrid smell of smoke, the reek of the dirty engine, and old gasoline above me.
A whoosh of fire brought on the sickly smell of burning flesh this time. Hearing all the tortured screams around me made me believe this was truly Hell. The Earth had literally turned inside out. This nightmare was nesting the horrors of what lie waiting for us in its core since the dawn of time. I didn’t want to see or hear anymore as I shut my eyes and pressed my hands over my ears. Blinking the wetness and irritating dust from my eyes, I turned my head to the left, barely able to make out silhouettes of movement outlined by the distant flaming fires and thick smoke.
What I did see stilled my breath and my blood turned to ice.
Against the background of more bloodcurdling screams, a pair of bare feet and calves stepped slowly, unblemished but streaked with a black substance. Trailing behind— were the tips of what looked like a shadowy cape. No…I heard birds screeching and I smelled wet feathers…black feathers…Wings?
I tried to force my legs to move but they betrayed me with a mind of their own, feeling like cold, dead, and useless stumps. I was shaking and my heart thundered erratically, practically in my throat.
If I thought fighting to stay alive would be an option I’d at least try but I don’t think I would have lasted long. I then began to ruminate over my lackluster life and all the accomplishments that would never be realized just as the Cadillac was flipped over in one swift motion— completely exposing me. My eyes widened in both horror and awe at what towered above me. Seven feet of chiseled muscle, nearly naked. Grand, immense, white wings spread wide open but were ruined with black plumes of feathers and marked with sinister streaks of blood.
He wore a dark loincloth against his copper-colored skin. The wicked-fanged smile on his animalistic, contorted, inhuman face stared down at me, threatening malevolent intent as if already victorious.
The odor of sulphur, burnt earth, decaying flesh, and moldy, wet feathers became more defined now and it made me cringe and gag.
His voice was ethereal yet wickedly grave and resonating. He said something in a strange language that I had never heard before, but he clearly said my full name at the end as he reached out a large hand for me. 
“Staaarrrlliiing?” He lingered the sound of my name in more of a question. 
Though it was hard to understand him through his vicious, shark like teeth, my name had been pretty damned clear. He lifted me up by the front of my shirt as if I were a broken doll.
The rough, putrid smell of his flesh right beneath my nose as his knuckles rested just beneath my chin was sickening. His large fisted hand made my head tilt back, forcing me to look up into his terrifying face.
Though I didn’t even try to fight or attempt to wriggle free of his grip, simply because I couldn’t bring myself to touch his flesh willingly, I refused to verify or give away who I was, show fear, or scream. Screaming was pointless once he raised me up high enough to level my face with his. He was huge. Nausea gripped my stomach like a vise. The fear and the stink of him was so real and strong I nearly projectile vomited right into his face—then again, he may just enjoy that.
He was a giant. Every detail of his monstrous features were real enough that all I could do was stare at the dark angel in silence; the sound of my heart hammering its own death March song.
“Why do you cower Starling? You will never be able to hide from any of us even in darkness. Remember that!” the dark angel chortled. His face then grew enraged with impatience and he shook me hard this time. His breath was like the odor of a thousand rotting dead animals, all crammed into an old heating vent.
I was going to puke. I felt it rising slowly into my esophagus.   I purposefully rendered myself catatonic and closed my eyes, not wanting to look at the hideous angel this close up any longer. I didn’t want to give him a reason to continue to threaten me. Then he shook me harder. I couldn’t keep my eyes from snapping open on their own. I was forced to peer into the evil, rictus smile that split his ugly face.
“You wanted to save the baby?” He asked in a mocking way with a lecherous smirk. Then he laughed, “Don’t worry, you will soon make many of your own with him…or maybe all of us.” He grinned even bigger, showcasing his uneven shark-like teeth.
I swallowed. My mouth was still as dry as cotton once another powerful wave of nausea hit me. It made me over salivate, dragging a feeling of dread behind to warm and churn in my stomach.
I finally found my voice, and even as it trembled softly from my throat, I managed to speak. “Just kill me, please!” I managed to spit back in a defiant whisper. I forcefully shut my eyes once again, turning my head away from him. 
He laughed maniacally. “Kill you? No, not you. Death is final…torture is eternal. We would never kill you.”
He growled and grinned, shaking me one last time to force me to look at him but I refused. A sudden, surging heat began to sear and course through my veins, followed by a burst of some strange energy deep within me. It forced me to snap my head up and open my eyes. Purposefully, I locked my gaze onto the flat, onyx orbs that were his eyes, which began to glow like bright, nuclear embers.
I felt instant hatred as a powerful, defiant will begin to morph my fear into rage; the rage to attack—and the attack to destroy this dark being . . . all sinister beings and the shadows alike. What guided my sudden action was something that didn’t feel quite a part of me though it compelled me like a second nature, something I’ve always known.
“You’re right. Torture is eternal.” I said flatly with determination.
Instantaneously, the dark angel’s entire face was bathed in a dazzling flash of light that completely whited out his features, and then he began to shriek. Before that moment, I managed to catch a brief satisfactory glimpse of the wicked and gleeful expression on the dark angel’s face completely transform—into complete shock and terror.

I: Starling

The dark angel attempted to toss me away from him in reaction to whatever terrified him about me but I refused to let him. I held onto his wrists with all of my strength as he cursed in his strange language; trying to drop me as if I became some vile thing myself. I braced myself, unwavering and never taking my eyes off of him. The burst of my spontaneous strength, bravery, and ferocity in attempting to kill this dark being stunned me. The deep hiss of his voice began to gradually escalate into a higher, more female sounding pitch; calling me Starling and then finally, Star. 
My heart was racing, and my adrenaline was surging. My breathing continued to quicken and then . . . a sharp sting of pain burned my cheek. I sucked in a gasp of air and instantly my eyes snapped open. Things around me appeared like odd silhouettes at first but then little by little, everything began to take shape. Soon the familiar surroundings of my apartment living area, furniture, and kitchenette began to transform into solid recognition and clarity.
The images and scent of fires, death, monsters, darkness, chaos, the red moon, and thr Cadillac…were all completely gone.
Someone was standing above me, shaking me. I caught sight of the long, thin arm pull back with an open palmed hand, apparently about to strike me. That realization swiftly sharpened my vision and allowed me to refocus instantly.
I recognized my best friend and roommate China’s pale face looming over me with brows knitted together in worry. China was lean and being taller than me made her appear giant and threatening to me in my still lingering, hyped and confused dream state.
Her hair was a tangled mess, hanging in her eyes as she brought her hand down once more, but I caught it and stopped her inches before she struck me again.
“Hey!” I exclaimed as I shoved her away from me. I was still shaken, my brain and my muscles continued to protract with a mixture of both fear and adrenaline. She stumbled backwards into the armchair and fell into it with a startled look on her face. Her mouth formed an ‘O’ as she watched me carefully.
The thin material of my tank top clung to me uncomfortably both damp and cool with sweat. My chest was still heaving from the remnants of the extremely vivid and action-packed dream that left me breathless with my heart continuing to pound wildly. I could conversely sort of feel the heat of the fires and hot asphalt on my skin and faintly smell the scent of burning metal, gas, and pungent wet feathers in the back of my throat. I swallowed and took a moment to comprehend the fact that it had all been a dream. Right?
My eyes subsequently darted frantically around and then I glanced down at myself. I was still in my tank top and boxer shorts, which was what I usually wore to bed. Now, I was standing in the middle of the living area with a burning cheek. 
I was okay.
I’m alive and okay, I thought as I examined my forearms and skin for marks.
There were no burns or scrapes of any kind that I could see. I rubbed them absently anyway, remembering all of the other vivid sensations that I felt in the dream, too.
“Jesus Star, you had me scared to death. Are you okay?” She asked as she stood up again.
“Why were you slapping me?” I whispered as I rubbed my still tingling cheek in confusion.
“You were fighting me, so I had to. I’m sorry— I didn’t know what else to do and you were really freaking the hell out of me.” China ran a hand through her hair and then gestured with a sweep of her arm toward the kitchen, “I came out to get something to drink and you were lying under the coffee table. I’m like, w-t-f? I wasn’t sure what you were doing there and your eyes were open. You seemed to be looking right at me but you weren’t responding to anything I was saying. Shit, I thought you were seizing or something so I shoved the table over, picked you up and tried to slap you out of it. Then you grabbed onto me and wouldn’t let go.” She explained.
I paused to ruminate over what she just told me and her story made sense. “Well I think you took a little extra pleasure in that personally though. That hurt.” I then said irritably.
She grinned and shrugged her shoulders innocently. “Sorry.”
I pressed my lips with a sigh and turned around to look at the floor behind me in brief confusion. Sure enough, the coffee table had been tipped over askew and I apparently had been under it…under the Cadillac.
I should have known it was just a dream. It was one of many with the same themes, and though the dreams have been escalating for a while now, this one had been completely different— aside from the fact that I’ve never had any kind of interaction or dialogue in any of my dreams before. I had always been the observer and lost amid the chaos.
Accompanied by all the other horrific images, this time . . . I had been hunted down and the dark angel had known exactly where to find me. Worst of all, he knew my full name and not just him, he said ‘We’ as if they all knew my name and were going to torture me eternally.
That threat could have meant anything symbolically but for some reason, I took it literally.
The thought provoked a feeling of fear, dread, and hopelessness in me; especially when I thought back to the baby I couldn’t save and what the dark angel had said to me about having many of my own with ‘Him’. Who was him or them for that matter?
“So, are you okay?” China asked me softly. Her jade green eyes searched my face with concern after I snapped out of my own thoughts and looked at her.
I sighed and nodded, wiping the sweat from my forehead and feeling matted wisps of curls stuck against my damp skin. I inhaled a deep, cleansing breath and swallowed again to calm myself. I attempted to block the last images of the realistically charged dream from my brain completely but it was no use. 
China retreated into the kitchen. “I’m gonna get you some water. I mean, I know you’re never supposed to wake a sleepwalker and now I know why, but I figured I was doing you a favor. This is the first time I’ve seen you do something like this. Was it another end of the world nightmare?” She then asked.
Physically moving in my sleep was the first time for me.
I’d never slept walked before in my life but this particular dream had been just that real.
“Yeah, pretty much.” I said rubbing my eyes into more focus.
“Do you want to talk about it?” 
I took one last look at the coffee table before turning it onto its legs and setting it straight again and then headed into the kitchenette, pulling out a barstool. I plunked down on it and rubbed my face with both hands, elbows resting on the bar counter top as she slid a cold bottle of Dasani in front of me. I eyed it for a moment in deep thought, inhaling and exhaling slowly once again, and then rolling my head in a circular motion to work out the stiffness in my neck.
“Not really. There’s nothing much to talk about. It’s the same stuff.” I told her taking the cold plastic bottle and unscrewing the cap.
She paused for a moment and watched me, taking a long drink of her own water.
I took my own long sip, feeling grateful for the cold fluid as it flowed through me instantly. It quelled the residual heat of dying adrenaline still coursing throughout my body.
“You’re starting to look more and more like Uncle Fester’s love child, girl. Nothing that night cream and a few cucumber slices won’t cure though.” She then chuckled.
I frowned, “Thanks. What time is it?” 
“A quarter past three in the morning. You seriously need more rest and you’re obviously not getting it when you dream like that.”
“No, but I’m certainly burning a hell of a lot of calories that’s for sure.” I smiled while rubbing my eyes.
China pressed her lips in a thin smile and looked at me wanly.
“Funny. You know stress is the main cause of nightmares. I mean, maybe…maybe…you should consider sleeping pills or talking to someone.” She then said carefully.
I looked up at her almost accusingly.
She put her bottle of water down and held up her both of hands in a placatory manner.
“No, no I know what you’re thinking but that’s not what I’m meaning at all. I just think that maybe these nightmares may be linked to something you’ve been repressing.” She then said.
I eyed her.
“Something like what?” I asked her.
She licked her lips in hesitation, her eyes averting from mine for a few seconds as she took another long gulp of her water.
I knew where she was about to go with this again. It’s what I had thought at one point myself but I was over the grief… or at least I had moved past it. I learned to deal with it on my own a long time ago.
She took her time and continued, “It may help you. I don’t like seeing you like this and lately it seems to be getting worse. It makes you boring and bitchy. I care about you Star, you’re my best friend.” She then soothed.
My mouth fell slightly. “Boring and bitchy? Katrina was seven years ago, China, and these dreams have nothing to do with hurricanes.” I defended her, still trying to figure out what she meant by boring and bitchy.
Boring maybe, I’ll give her that but I was not a bitch.
She went on, “No, but honestly— from what you’ve told me, and that fact that you see things like shadows and stuff all the time, which could be representations or manifestations of other things deep within your subconscious, it may be a possibility. I just think that the themes centered around the end of the world, being that you lived through and survived the horrors and devastations of what may have seemed like the end of the world to you directly as a child. It may be something that you haven’t addressed or gotten past yet and it’s trying to resurface itself.” China explained like a seasoned psych major giving a graded dissertation on tragedy and the subconscious mind.
“I’ve been seeing shadows and other weird phenomena practically since I was born. So how do you explain that Professor Braswell?” I reminded her.
She appeared thoughtful. “I know but what I meant is…maybe since you are afraid of the dark, it could be a coping mechanism that shows up as shadows or in your nightmares whenever you’re stressed. You might have something going on your subconscious that you might not be aware of.” She went on to explain.
I looked at her inquisitively, wondering if there had been a recent Dr. Phil marathon on television that China may have been watching and then I smirked.
“That was deep and profound Dr. May I ask when you switched your major to psychology? I thought you were a public media affairs geek?” I then teased.
She burst into a giggle and even I had to laugh at that one.
“Well, I’ve got my diverse psychology hat on right now and all joking aside, I’m serious. At least let me get you some Ambien’s or something. What with finals coming up,” She rolled her eyes and sighed, “And I know you’re not going to cut back your time at the hospice or the Y; you’re gonna need all the rest you can get.” She then said.
I shook my head no. “I’ll figure something out. You know I don’t like taking pills like that.” I told her.
“Well, you’ve never done this sleep walking stuff before either. I’m only trying to help in case I’m not here one night.” She then said.
“I’ll be okay. Maybe I shouldn’t have finished the rest of my spicy lo mein so late last night.”
“What?” China chuckled with a quirked brow. 
I smiled weakly. “My grandmother always told me, never eat spicy food before bedtime because it causes nightmares.” I then told her.
Her eyes widened, and she nodded in thought with a fist on her cocked hip.
 “You know, I’ve read about that too from some medical website before. It’s a possibility but with you, I sincerely doubt it. Anyway, it won’t hurt to take some just for a few days to catch up on your sleep at least. I think we need either some retail or club therapy while we have the time. Midnight’s blues is having a happy hour tomorrow night from four to eight.” She grinned.
I looked at her wryly. “Yeah, that’s helpful considering that neither of us is twenty-one and college town is cop central.” I replied as I took another long swig of water.
“Star, you are such a cube. You seem to be forgetting that we have connections. How about Zen to Five then? Not in college town and happy hour is the same time there too.” She persuaded with a grin.
“I’m not gonna risk Joel getting into trouble for us.” I replied.
Zen to Five is a popular sushi karaoke bar on the outskirts of college town owned by my other best friend, Joel Carson’s aunt and uncle. 
China rolled her green eyes at my negativity. “You preach about that every single time. Don’t worry, he won’t. I’ll talk to him. So if I can get it all set up will you go? I mean if anything— killer sushi, come on.” She added and nudged me to consider it. I shrugged a shoulder and sighed.
“I don’t know. Maybe.” I answered; finally giving in and closing my eyes, momentarily thinking about the dream again.
“Well, I’ll round up the posse anyway so we can make this happen.” She smiled excitedly.
Personally, I think I needed something stronger than getting wasted to get a break from all the haunting visions and nightmares—like a lobotomy or something.
“Guess I’ll catch up on some homework then. I don’t wanna go back to sleep.” I sighed as I slid off the barstool and headed towards my room. 
“Are you sure you don’t want to talk about it? Were there demons in this one, too?” She called out to me.
I turned to face her as I stepped into my room, about to close the door. “Not just demons and if there’s any significance to it then believe me— you won’t wanna know anyway. See ya this afternoon.”  I said closing my door.

II: Starling

I actually arrived to my first morning class early after stopping for a quick breakfast of an overripe banana, strong, sludge-like espresso, and chasing it all down with a five-hour energy drink.
Not smart.
The caffeine high was cooking my brain now; assembling and carrying out both thoughts and actions before I could even physically act on them, so I hoped no one mistook me for being some sort of speed or meth addict. I thought I’d have hours before the ugly crash and burn but no— I was paying the price now…during the most mind-numbing class on my schedule.
China was right.
This lack of sleep was killing me physically. Maybe I was so far under with fatigue that I have been hallucinating.
No, I knew better. 
The things I see and dream about have been with me since childhood, but this was the first time I had actually physically moved from one room to the other without realizing it though. It worried me because who was to say next time I wouldn’t end up outside somewhere on the campus lawn, in the parking lot, or possibly half naked in the middle of the corridor and get locked out?
I tried to stave off an oncoming yawn as I glanced at the time on the display of my cell phone. Eight fifty two in the a.m. and I was aching with exhaustion. My eyes burned and watered as my mouth opened of its own volition. I took in a suction of breath that morphed into a long, obnoxious yawn, taking my body temperature down a few more notches to prepare for sleep or a coma. 
I’ve survived being in comas before as a child. Being ill to the point of death and wishing I would just die to end several times in my life before, and of course, surviving one of the most major, devastating natural disasters of all time.
Hurricane Katrina. 
Even the emotional loss of my parents and my Grandmother couldn’t equal the fear and devastation that I both felt and witnessed in these recurring nightmares. My experiences have all been really, really bad but the events in my dreams would make all of that seem like simple annoying obstacles at best. 
If I could describe just a few of my dreams to anyone, it would sound like the ranting of a person one step away from being committed to an insane asylum. 
Thousands of space ship looking things in the skies; massive tidal waves and walls of water all over the world; huge mutant scavenger birds; the earth opening up and thousands upon thousands of demons, angels, warriors, and armies of both light and dark all coming from the deep depths of the earth and the sky. Yeah, that would about sum up my history of nightmares in one paragraph. 
I had no gifts. I was no psychic or clairvoyant and I certainly don’t claim to be the religious type, but if what I had witnessed in my dreams were actually going to happen in some way, shape, or form—it would shut everyone up no matter how much money you had, what you chose to believe or not believe in, or what religion you were.
It was all draining and maddening because having the dreams alone didn’t count being constantly stalked and occasionally taunted by those black shadows and spirits for years, ever since I can remember. I only trusted my grandmother, China, and Joel with the details of my experiences and what I could see. Joel used to tell me that he could see things too, but he never paid them any attention … almost as if he didn’t acknowledge them, then they didn’t exist. I believe in all of it though. Good and evil do exist and they have to be represented by something. 
The darkness for one, is something that I’ve been afraid of since my childhood. 
My grandmother had told me that she’s already known of my ability, or curse, in seeing them. She said that she knew why but she wouldn’t tell me those reasons until the time was right for me to be able to understand it as a gift. That time never came or maybe she just forgot about it, I suppose. 
She got really sick five years ago and passed away in a hospice while in a coma. Her health had deteriorated when she caught severe pneumonia and an aggressive tumor growth in her brain had been discovered.
Though I perpetually wondered what she wanted to tell me, I never pressed her for it. Even when my parents were alive, she had always been the one to take care of me when they worked and traveled. We had been very close. 
My grandmother was a wise, beautiful, strong, and deeply religious woman. Her take on that issue was that religion was in the heart of the beholder and that each one of us has our own unique relationship with God or whatever the person believed in as their God. 
I missed her so much.
Even though China and Joel kept what I told them to themselves, which is why we were all such good friends, I knew that hearing about it freaked them out underneath the surface of their thoughts and I couldn’t blame them. Joel seems more accepting and understanding than China does about certain things, and that in itself was a unique connection we had established and maintained as friends. I think that’s why we hit it off so easily right off the bat when we first met.
After so long, seeing shifting shadows or faceless masses of dark movement out of the corner of my eye has become as normal as seeing clouds and birds in the sky. I’m no longer as frightened as I used to be, knowing that they’re always around. Shadows are just the elemental parts of despair and evil. 
It was the physical demons that terrified me the most.
I typically saw shadow beings and faces roiling menacingly among large masses of people. They usually look for potential victims to influence or someone to siphon negative energy from, and they were more prevalent in the dark, for some reason. That’s why I never slept in complete, total darkness.
 I had to leave some source of light burning, whether it be the television, dim lamp, or a night-light. It’s silly and juvenile I know but if anyone could get a glimpse of the things that I’ve seen both in real life and in my dreams— they’d completely understand why.
I never stuck around when I saw any kind of frenzied dark shadow activity because I knew better. Every time, both the outcome and the results have always been the same. Destructive and tragic.
 I felt guilty though because I had this sort of visual advantage but there was nothing I could do to stop, warn, or prevent something from happening without looking insane or crazy. I did in the past but it didn’t go very well.

I was new here to Indiana when I got accepted and started my freshman year at the University of Indiana at Bloomington last year. I had gone back to Key West Florida with my grandmother after the disappearance and supposed deaths of my parents in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. During my senior year there, I had begun applying for colleges anywhere that there was no ocean— so I wasn’t really picky on which college I chose.
I don’t even know why I was here. I only decided to go to college because it was the one thing I promised my grandmother that I’d do. She encouraged me to go out and see the world on my own, that the world held far too much beauty and experiences to stay stuck in one place. She had hope and faith in the bigger scheme of things regarding humanity, and maybe that was where I got some of my personal ideologies from. 
That’s all changed for me since then.
 What with everything going on these days and news stories about people going on killing rampages…I couldn't care less about ‘seeing’ this self-destructive world that would meet its cataclysmic and horrific end soon, according to my dreams.
So anyway, I go by Star but my full name is Starling. I’m sure it was cute to my mother when I was two but as I got older, I found Star more mature sounding. When I started junior high that’s what I started to go by. 
My mother and Grandmother, both of native Jamaican and Spanish descent, were the only ones who had ever been allowed to continue to call me Starling. 
My father was white. More specifically of French and Canadian roots and he had been a Master Sergeant in the Army. He had been on vacation in the Caribbean Islands when he met my mother in Jamaica and within ten months, they got married—coincidentally, a month after I was born.
That makes me what some would consider, mulatto or Creole. I do get mistaken for either Spanish or Caucasian at times, especially in the winter when I can get pretty pale and because of my hair texture, but I pretty much maintain my light beige skin color all year long. 

Well, my personal reverie over the past, along with the endless droning of Professor Phillips monotone voice wasn’t helping me at all, and it certainly wasn’t killing any time. I sighed glancing at the time again.
 Only eight minutes had passed since my initial yawn.   
How could I be crashing after only an hour since my caffeine binge?
I felt my lids begin to droop yet again and my head commenced to fall forward, making me jerk involuntarily. That woke me up and now I was feeling somewhat like an idiot and embarrassed knowing that someone— especially Joel who was sitting beside me, had just seen that.
If I had known that philosophy was this damned philosophical, I would have chosen to take it after lunch instead of eight a.m. in the morning. Don’t get me wrong, I love a good debate and discussion on plausible theories and issues but today was not one of those days. 
Why had I taken Philosophy anyway? Oh that’s right. I thought it would be an easy A even though it held no benefit for me career wise … to which, I still had no idea what I wanted to do let alone what degree path I wanted to pursue either. 
I’ve already changed it twice.
Professor Phillips’ sudden, rigid, sharp voice startled me. “Miss Roberts, would you care to read the notes that we took yesterday on Lombroso’s theories and beliefs?”

My eyes widened fully with false attention and I stiffened like a child who had been caught picking their nose. I sat up, confused for a moment. I attempted to stall by sifting through the incomplete notes that I had scattered in front of me, of no relation to the context of the discussion apparently, and then cleared my throat.
“Um,” I began.
The immediate shuffle of papers whispered all around me and heads turned in my direction, followed by sighs of annoyance from behind. Out of a group of sixty people he’s able to single me out? Was I day snoring too? You know, that moment where you haven’t quite fallen asleep but all the sounds around you fade out, and the only one that finally shocks you back to focus just as you fall asleep is the sound of your own snoring?
I knew he was doing this on purpose. I’m an adult, if I wanted to sleep it was my own decision and fault if I missed anything, wasn’t it? This isn’t high school. My mind wanted to scream at him.
Professor Phillips was a broad man with an extensive, yet doughy torso, small paunch, and sticks for legs. He looked to be in his late fifties and always seemed so damned serious, miserable, and annoyed. I find it sad for anyone to walk through life like that and it made me wonder if he ever laughed, told a joke, or just did something corny for the hell of it. Making practical jokes by virtue of picking on me of all people right now— didn’t count.
Maybe that was why that large shadow over his head was swirling above him, dipping in and out of the corners, sliding down the walls like ooze, and lingering just above his head. It had distracted me and I watched it with intensity as it formed faces in the roiling smut of itself, leering at me, as if giving me a raspberry and then baring its sharp teeth would either scare me or hurt my feelings.
The shadows were nothing more than extremely ugly, juvenile, immature, conniving, evil, and malicious entities that fed off of anger, fear, pain, hate, and sorrow. The fact that here at all made it known that in this very room at this particular moment, there was much of that going on right now and it was sucking it all up. My guess, as it hovered above Professor Phillips, was that he was the one inviting it in the first place and I wondered what his issues were.
He eyed me patiently, loving every moment of the fool he was making of me with that dead serious look on his miserable little face. Crap, where were my notes? Hadn’t I written anything down?
Damn. Maybe I could try and BS my answer by memory and pretend to read something from one of the papers that I did have.
I felt a light tap on my left thigh along with the crinkling of paper. I glanced over, using just my eyes, and saw Joel inconspicuously holding a sheet of paper with something he had written just now. He remained cool and casual, leaning on his right hand while keeping his expression blank. 
I read the dark pen he scrawled in big letters in the middle of the page: ‘He’s setting you up… comment on being programmed to conform to society,’ it read. I glanced at Joel with a quirked brow. It was hard to see his eyes past his thin framed silver glasses but I didn’t need to. 
“I’m waiting, Miss Roberts.” Professor Phillips spoke again.
His voice echoed throughout the auditorium as if making sure to get every single person's attention if he hadn’t already. Then he began pacing next to his podium with hands in his pockets, his eyes never leaving me.
I heard more sighs of impatience and whispers. Another moment passed while I put together my thoughts.
 “Um, society’s basis for what’s normal has always been based on beliefs that come from religion and spirituality, like right and wrong,” I began and trailed off amid the groans and suction of teeth.
I was used to this sort of thing, never having really been the popular type let alone a genius, and not quite an honor roll student. My only claim to fame was having been captain of the girls’ gymnastics team throughout junior high and high school.
I ignored the annoying, underhanded ridicule. Joel straightened in his seat, about to come to my rescue and aid by making an initial comment but Professor Phillips beat him to the punch.
 “Ah, so you are paying attention. Alright then, and what if there were no religion to gauge right and wrong? What if society had no basis to judge it, other than the simple behavior and mental capacity of man alone based on scientific studies? Should those behavioral theories and conclusions be disregarded even if they have merit? Is that what you mean?” He said, meaning to sound sarcastic, snarky, and humorless. 
It angered me that he was mocking and twisting what I was trying to say.
“No, I meant that people tend to do things because everyone expects them to, whether it's right or wrong because they want acceptance.” I licked my lips, shifted into a more confident posture, and continued on, “It’s human nature but it doesn’t always mean their actions are the right or moral thing to do. Without religion, God, or the Devil…what is true, wrong or good, and evil based on and who or what else could possibly define it?” I came back with a raised brow to challenge his snarky ridicule of me. I think I may have succeeded based on the expression that morphed his face.
Well, it was either that or the fact that the dark shadow looming over his head a few moments ago, had slowly entered him through the side of his neck. At that moment, I held my breath and watched as his whole demeanor, composure, and focus on me— instantly changed.
He pursed his lips into a tight frown and then he briefly glared at me. Snorting impatiently he said, “Quite profound but since this isn’t World Religions, none of it applies to the current discussion, Miss Roberts. As a matter of fact, I’d like for you to see me in my office after class, if you please.” 
His tone had changed. I detected a bit of . . . anger.
Was I the only one?
My pulse raced. 
More snickers and whispers.
“Why?” I asked with furrowed brows.
He gave me a matter-of-fact expression that hinted sarcasm.
 “I’d like to finish this conversation for more of your viewpoints. I find them quite fascinating and I’d like to go over your last paper with you, too.” He simply said and then continued on with the lecture.
Joel gave me a sympathetic look and then leaned over to whisper with a grin.
“That was a good one. He’s a staunch ass hole. Your answer and your paper were perfect, so don’t sweat it. You want me to wait and go with you?” He asked.
What about my last paper? I thought I had done an immaculate job or was I just assuming his request to go over my paper entailed something bad?
Then again, seeing his demeanor and knowing the dark shadow never made an exit, I was freaking out.
I smiled at Joel. “Thanks but unfortunately, he’s in command of my grade. I can handle Phillips.” I whispered back.
Throughout the rest of class, I could see Joel glance at me out of his periphery. The glint of his glasses whenever he shifted or moved his head was a dead giveaway, but I remained facing forward as if I cared about Professor Phillips’ lecture. I was hearing nothing while still desperately trying to fight the urge to lie across both my and Joel’s desk and just sleep.

When class was over, and everyone began to gather their things amid conversations that were picking up in volume; both Joel and I followed suit in relief. I noticed him pause to look at me for a moment while gathering his notes.
“Have you been feeling okay?” He asked sincerely. 
Oh great, I guess my transformation into Uncle Fester’s love child, as China had said this morning, was more evident than I thought. I don’t do make up that often unless I went out and things like that, but I guess I should have this morning just to cover them up.
I smiled and tried to appear as bright and cheery as possible.
“Yeah, just pulling all-nighters lately. I’ve got a few tests and thesis papers coming up due.” I partially lied.
“Are you sure?” he asked again, trying to read past my fake smile. 
I must really look like crap. Now, I was beginning to feel self-conscious although I know that he was just being a good friend. I appreciated it.
“Uh-huh.” I nodded to assure him.
“Ok. Well, hey, don’t burn yourself out though and I mean that. I think we could both use some r and r. How is breakfast to start?” He said but I could tell that he didn’t entirely buy my explanation.
My stomach growled at the mention of food and I breathed a sigh of relief. 
“Magic words. Breakfast sounds so good and I am starving so I’ll try not to keep you waiting.”  
“Sweet. Text the code word and I’ll come save you, seriously.” He smiled.
“I just may need to do that.” I replied.

~~~***~~~

I took my time on purpose. 
Professor Phillips certainly wasted no time gathering his briefcase and laptop before casting one last fixed glare at me, and then exiting through the side entrance of the auditorium. I blew out a short sigh and licked my lips. Something told me not to bother meeting with him, other than the obvious for me since seeing the dark shadow slither into him. He didn’t appear positive, which made me doubt that the discussion over Religion or my paper would be an enjoyable one.
“I caught that glare. What the hell is his problem? It’s like he just sat on a cushion of thorns and blames you for putting it there,” Joel kidded.
I shook my head and readjusted my pony tail holder. “Looks that way. I don’t know, I guess he just woke up with his BVD’s wedged up his ass this morning and I hit a raw nerve.” 
I could relate right about now. 
Joel laughed and nodded in agreement. “He’s an egomaniac when it comes to Philosophy and apparently only his interpretations count. I think what you said made every bit of sense and it’s true. You know I believe in all of that, too. I was about to jump in there for you but you beat me to it. People are puppets of their own free will but are driven by their own desires and need for acceptance, no matter the consequences. I agree with you a hundred percent.” Joel added. 
I stood up and slung my backpack over my shoulder when I finished putting up my books and notes.
I shrugged, “Yeah but maybe he’s an Atheist or something. I appreciate the well-meaning save but I never let people intimidate me on the subject of good and evil. Maybe I’ll just use your statement and give you the proper citation on my next paper in World Religions then, if you don’t mind?”
That had been an inside joke between us.
For Professor Phillips’ information, I wasn’t even taking World Religions or any religious courses for that matter. What a jerk!
“Sure, you have my permission. Well, since it is my treat I’ll let you pick… just please don’t say the café. I’d like real scrambled eggs for a change.” Joel said as he hoisted his backpack over his shoulder.
I opened my mouth to say something and ended up yawning instead as I shrugged my shoulders,
“You know me I’m not picky. It doesn’t matter to me, so long as they have a good, strong cappuccino.” I told him as we both began to walk out of the auditorium.
“Works for me. I have a great place in mind then.” 
We milled in a slow but orderly succession out of the small, shared auditorium that served as our Philosophy classroom and ended up in a bottle-necked jam at the double wooden exit doors. I audibly groaned with irritation while Joel patiently worked to guide us out with the least amount of body contact possible, his hand on the small of my back. 
I normally wouldn’t have gotten irked about something so meaningless that easily, because I certainly wasn’t in any hurry but I guess China was right…being tired was indeed making me bitchy. 
Once free of the slow-moving crowd, both Joel and I took our time walking the busy, wide corridor on purpose, looking at all the colorful advertisements and signs tacked up along the various message corkboards. I pulled out my cell phone to check my messages and texts, immediately seeing that I had one from China: 
‘Steve’s coming over, making chow. Can u pick up milk? Need it 4 tuna casserole.’ The message read. I grimaced. Tuna casserole? Steve was coming over?
I hated being the third wheel.
 ‘Sure. Be home by 2 at latest’ I texted back.
 "Hey, how about lunch instead?” I turned to Joel and asked. 
“Lunch? Ok, uh…twelve?” Joel suggested. 
“Eleven. I think I may play hooky and sneak out of Lit Interp early if I go at all. Quite frankly, I can’t do another lecture.” I said glancing at the time on my phone. It was just now twenty past nine.
“Don’t skip too much, I don’t want you to struggle and get really far behind. I don’t know anyone taking that class, so I wouldn’t be able to make copies of any notes for you.” Joel joked. 
I laughed and shrugged nonchalantly. “I don’t even really care anymore.”
Joel smiled with an understanding nod. “Come on, don’t say that. You just need a break and rest is all. Actually, we could all use some for real. Well, I’ll meet you in the south commons atrium at eleven then. I gotta stop by the library first, so I better book if I’m gonna make it on time.” Joel announced, giving my forearm a squeeze. He winked once he began walking backwards away from me. 
“Yeah, sounds good.” I nodded confirmation. 
I watched him as he turned left to cut across the main courtyard with hands tucked in his front jean pockets.  My phone vibrated in my hand. China texted me back:
 ‘2? Well, I’ll have Steve pick sum up; u like Caesar salad right?’ 
I returned the text: ‘Yeah but I’ll pick sumthing up, so don’t make any 4 me.’
With that I put my phone into its holster on my purse and made the dreaded trek to Professor Phillips office. I made sure to take my time, letting my thoughts wander trying to guess what exactly it was that he really wanted with me.

I passed several groups of sororities who had set up booths and were putting up all sorts of flyers around the commons atrium, or what was known as the ‘Quad’, since it was the hub of the main building. All throughout the courtyard, more announcement boards were littered with advertisements for rush week, community events, and contests themed around Halloween, and what looked like some sort of rock concert venue or something. I really didn’t pay much attention to most of them.
It was also football season and nearing homecoming, which meant a hell of a lot of fraternity and sorority parties. I hated the blatant guilt trips of ‘not supporting your school’ with attempts to recruit students into helping out with specific committees, being draped in your face everywhere you turned.
 However, the one person in command of many of those events, who caused me to make a wide berth in order to avoid her completely—was Logan Brooks.
I don’t know how Logan’s eyes managed to zone in on mine every single time, no matter what the circumstance. Her glance in my direction was always followed up by her entourage of fake sorority sisters and buddies. I refused to continue eye contact with her and just kept moving. Unfortunately, I’d see her later…we lived in the same apartment hall.
It wasn’t that I didn’t enjoy college and campus life to an extent, it’s just that I wasn’t into all of that kind of stuff. I really wasn’t into punk rock and the whole rave and frat party scene like China was, either. I swear, sometimes I wonder how it was that we even became friends in the first place. We initially couldn’t stand one another when we first met as assigned roommates back in our freshman year. Nevertheless, we grew on each other and strange enough, all of our quirky differences actually bonded us into BFF status.
This year as sophomores, we vowed for more space and privacy. We joined finances to snag a two-bedroom apartment separate from the dorms. It was still considered ‘on campus living’ because it wasn’t far from the University. 
China was like a mother hen to me, self-proclaimed actually, given my life circumstances. Though it drove me crazy, I wouldn’t change a thing between us.

III: Starling

Professor Phillips’ office wasn’t that far from the auditorium where he taught. I took the scenic route and made sure to take my time on purpose.
This corridor wasn’t as busy here but it did maintain a steady flow of traffic since the student store slash textbook and supply store was a part of the cul-de-sac. It was sandwiched in between a row of small franchise eateries; Pizza hut, Subway, and several coffee and bagel shops, which formed a diminutive food court. It was all set before a small flight of steps that led up into an extensive corridor that housed a lengthy line of administration offices. 
The smell of fresh roasted coffee beans was inviting and comforting. It was chilly this morning now that fall was settling in. The aroma made me debate stopping for a cup and taking even more time to finish it before knocking on his door. 
I would have if I didn’t want to get this meeting over with.
 Why did I care anyway? If he didn’t like my paper, it was his opinion. I thought it was good. I put three weeks of research into it. Okay, maybe technically just a week.
I stopped in front of his closed office door, seeing him through the small rectangle of semi-obscure glass set above the door knob. He was sitting at his desk on the phone when he saw me, beckoning me to come in with the pen he held in his hand. 
I hesitated at first, eyeing him to see if I could sense anything peculiar about his expression. I couldn’t, not outright anyway.
I sighed and slowly turned the knob. He was ending his conversation once I stepped inside the warmth of his office. 
It was a typical neat and orderly box of a room.
Definitely nothing fancy but many of his degrees, certifications, and pictures of his dog were tacked up on one wall that housed a waist high, bookshelf lined with large bound volumes of encyclopedias, other miscellaneous textbooks, and literature. There were two dark-brown standard vinyl chairs placed in front of his plain cherry wood, school-issued desk, which was equally as tidy as the rest of the office. His orderly desk housed a computer, office phone, short stack of papers and clear report binders, a desk lamp, and a small Styrofoam cup of coffee that was still steaming. 
I recognized my ten-page essay beneath his elbow…and the several red notations on the first page alone. There was no grade on it yet, so maybe he really did want to discuss my paper. I guess I was just being paranoid. 
I relaxed a bit, still watching his face as he said good-bye to whoever was on the phone and then placed the receiver in its cradle. 
“Miss Roberts, sit down, please. Would you like some coffee?” he then offered.
I didn’t trust his tone even if it were slightly more pleasant than it had been during class. I shook my head no while slowly letting my backpack slide down my arm and catching it in my hand, I lowered myself into one of the chairs across from him.
He gave a wide smile that gave me a slight shiver for some reason. “I’m glad you came, it shows that you do have hope.” He said as he picked up my paper, opened the clear report cover, and glazed over it for a moment.
I took that opportunity to carefully study him. I was trying to see if I could pick up anything that could be deemed strange other than his usual façade. 
So far, he was being decent so maybe that shadow had left him alone after all.
“I find your thoughts and ideas fascinatingly unique, which makes me wonder why in the world you’re wasting your time and money with college.” He stated as he set my paper down. He leaned back in his chair and it groaned, then pierced me with that notorious, perfunctory ‘professor gaze’; head tilted to the side with his index finger poised under his chin. 
I did a quick survey out of my periphery around the entire office, in case his shadow was still lingering in a corner or something.
I then looked at him quizzically, a bit taken aback by his accurate assessment of how I truly felt about being in college, in contrast to the efforts and grades that I actually made in his class. 
Did my paper suck that badly or was he giving me a compliment?
“I don’t know what you mean. I thought I did well on my paper. I covered all the questions you posted…” I began to explain.
“No, your paper was fine. I gave you an A minus for a few sentence fragments. In fact, you write quite well.” He cut me off with a wave, and then he leaned forward and pulled a red pen from his pen holder. He opened the clear plastic report cover again, quickly scribbling an A with an abrupt slash next to it at the very top of the page, and then slid my paper back over to me.
I was speechless. I glimpsed it and then slowly reached to take it, not really caring about the notes he had written in the margins.
“Oh, thanks.” I said unsurely.
He leaned forward and clasped his hands together. “You seem like a very intelligent young woman without a doubt. It’s reflected in your work but I have to ask… is everything alright with you?” he then asked.
Again, I was taken off guard.
“Excuse me?” I furrowed my brows in question.
He leaned back in his chair again.
“You look a bit…overextended, and lately you haven’t shown much interest or participation in active discussions. That counts as thirty percent of your overall grade, it was clear in the syllabus.” He then said.
I paused for a moment. 
“There’s not much to add once several others have already covered what I would have said if that’s what you mean.” 
“That’s not what I meant. For the past few weeks, it seems as if my lecturing has been keeping you awake. Normally, I wouldn’t even care whether you manage to take advantage and take notes or catch up on your beauty sleep during my class; it’s your own responsibility. After all, it’s your money and time wasted, not mine.” He began with a chastising flat grin.
“Okay, I get that. So, am I passing?” I asked nonchalantly, quelling the irritation that I’m sure he could detect in my tone.
This time he seemed affronted and he instantly frowned as he leaned forward, elbows folded on the desk.
At first, I figured that he was just offended at my response, taking it as me being a smart-ass. I admit that I was being one. 
He had already taken his pot shot at making a fool of me in front of an audience and I wasn’t about to let him do it again, even if we were alone. 
Suddenly, I instantly tensed, seeing a flicker of shadow pass in the whites of his eyes and then …there was no light in either of them anymore. They looked flat, like two light brown discs devoid of any kind of reflection. It was then that my skin began to crawl with the feeling of a thousand ant legs. My insides clenched with dread and my pulse quickened. 
He slowly grinned. “Passing yes —surviving, well that leaves much to question…” he hissed in a low whisper. His eerie eyes were intensely boring into mine as if trying to read my thoughts.

Though Professor Phillips was as charming as a three bean salad, he had never spoken disrespectfully to me like this before and I knew why, now.
“Surviving college?” I asked slowly, careful not to show any kind of nervous reaction or fear to what I was seeing and hearing. Professor Phillips may be oblivious to the shadow that had taken up residence within and was now using him as a mouthpiece, but I wasn’t.
“College?” He bellowed with a short quipped laugh, “Not even close! We both know this is all irrelevant. There’s no need for you or anyone else to be here at all for that matter.” He rasped.
Now this was getting creepy and serious, I thought as I braced myself, feet planted firmly, and backpack ready to hitch back up onto my shoulder. I scooted forward in the chair, about to stand.
“No you’re right actually…” I began as I slung my backpack over my shoulder and stood up with my paper in hand. “But I made a promise to someone special and I don’t plan on giving up regardless, even if it is all for nothing.” I finished and then turned to leave.
I heard the wheels of his chair roll backwards abruptly and it made me jump in surprise. I spun around to face him, stunned to see him leaning over the desk on his hands, palms flat and glaring at me. 
“We agree but college isn’t the kind of survival we meant. It’s nothing compared to what comes. He wants you alive and we won’t stop until he has you…Star-ling.” He said in a voice no longer his own. It was an ominous and malevolent tone. He sing-songed the pronunciation of my name in a teasing way, almost the same way that dark angel in my dream had done. That made the tiny fine hairs on my arms stand on end.
	This was really scaring me now.  I swallowed hard, wincing because my mouth and throat had gone nearly bone dry but I refused to show fear on my face. Not only was it the sound of his voice and what he said, he called me by my full name, too. He wants me alive? Who was ‘He’? 
The dark angel?
Fear had me backing up to the door briskly while keeping my eyes on him. I reached a hand out behind me to feel for the door knob. 
“No point in running. You will never be able to escape or hide from us. It will benefit you to come willingly, for he has no patience nor does he know any mercy!” He hissed, displaying nearly all of his teeth in an eerie grin like some rabid Jack-o-lantern. This couldn’t be real. That’s what my brain kept assuring me over and over but I knew it was. I felt the slick cool metal of the doorknob hit my palm and I closed my fingers around it tightly and turned. It didn’t move. 
It was apparently locked but I hadn’t locked it…had I?
I turned harder, keeping my eyes on him, trying to maintain my calm as he continued to nail me with a vile, creepy gaze. A flicker of shadow passed behind both of his eyes again. My breath stilled. It was still in him. 
The air in the office suddenly became heavy and oppressive with an invisible energy that weighed me down, seeming to be literally draining energy from me. I felt hot, dizzy, and nauseous as if I’d throw up at any moment. I thought of my parents, my grandmother, and the disaster that took place back in Louisiana.
I’ve witnessed in helpless horror and all the masses of shadows provoking, teasing, and overtaking so many so easily. Yet, they had oddly been unable to get even remotely close to my grandmother and I. Alligators swarmed around our nearly sunken home, perching nearby for hours; someone tried to shoot at us for God knows what or why— only to be attacked by one of those alligators; and rocks were thrown but nothing ever hit us directly. None of it had worked then and I’d be damned if I let any of those tactics work now.
I squared my shoulders, sucked in a breath and stood straighter, chunking my backpack and paper. I marched back over and slammed my own hands, palms down, on the top of his desk. He stayed firm in his position when I leaned forward and looked up at him, looking directly into his lightless eyes with resolution and anger—looking to address the shadow personally.
Just then, the expression on his face changed. He appeared surprised though the malevolence still remained swirling and coiling in him.
“I’ve been waiting for the last fifteen years for you guys to do something and if you could have, you would have by now. I’m not afraid of you, so if you know when I’m going to die or you guys are going to be the ones to do it—then bring it on because I’m not going anywhere with you, got it?” I stated firmly. I didn’t blink or waver as we stood, staring each other down.
Professor Phillips snarled and in the next instance, his eyes rolled back so far in his head that only the whites shown. I jumped backwards and took a few steps towards the door, watching him. His large body trembled and he forcefully threw himself back into his chair. It slid backwards and hit the wall behind him with a hard thunk that rattled the framed degrees and certificates and then he was still.
He looked as if he were sound asleep. I watched in both awe and guarded fascination as a haze of dark shadow began to pour out from his nostril, forming a cloud of churning shapes that slid up the wall above him, and then slithered into the corner where the wall met ceiling. I waited to see what it would do next. It seemed to just sit there, watching and waiting for me to move or say something else. 
“Nice try.” I said, flipping the bird at it with a stern look of indignation while reaching down to pick up my back pack and my paper. 
I was still trembling on the inside at the unexpected, frightening scenario. Professor Phillips’ chest was rising and falling in a steady rhythm but since he looked like he could be dead, I figured that I should at least check on him to make sure.
Keeping my eyes on the shadow mass that still hovered, I moved around his desk and gently grasped his shoulder giving him a slight shake.
“Professor Phillips?” I asked gently.
His head lolled and he groaned.
“Professor Phillips, are you okay? Do you want me to get the nurse?” I asked louder close to his ear.
He remained unresponsive with eyes closed but he was breathing steadily.
I’d get the nurse anyway. I headed back to the door.
The next instant was a blur and it happened so incredibly fast, that I barely had time to turn around when an enraged. The low inhuman growl took me off guard and made my skin crawl. I have no idea how I managed to move that quickly. 
Gasping, I partially dove and half fell backwards against the wall beside the door as something solid came flying at me with such intense speed, it embedded itself in the wall just where my head had been with a sharp thud.
It took me a moment to regain my thoughts and senses as to what just happened. My eyes immediately flicked to Professor Phillips, who was standing again. His rage was reddening his normally pale face and his whole body heaved with anger. He was staring me down with a scowl, a mad and wild look in his eyes.
I shivered, swallowing hard as I quickly scrambled back up to my feet, adrenaline pumping and heart hammering in my throat.
“That was simply a warning! I could kill you easily if I were allowed to…” The dark, malevolent entity half hissed, half growled through Professor Phillips tightened lips and coffee-stained teeth.
I did the only thing I could think to do at the moment. Something that I believed would have some kind of remote effect on this being as a defense.
I began to recite an old prayer my Grandmother used to say when we were sitting atop our roof in the hot, mosquito infested rain that third night after the hurricane.
“There is only one true God and he is almighty. Led by faith I am in your hands; Give me the strength and the will to fight against the darkness as I walk…” I began to whisper and with each word Professor Phillips seemed to get angrier. His body jerked in awkward spasms like some sort of a crazed marionette. It was almost as if he were finally trying to fight against whatever took possession of him all of a sudden.
I continued on and spoke even louder this time, “You are the only God of this world. Use me to fend off the darkness and the dark ones during the final hours of this earth…” I said, rising to my full height in defiance against the heavy, pressing energy that was overtaking the office. I challenged the thing in Professor Phillips despite my fears.
Instantly, I felt a peculiar and different energy begin to rise all around me. The air grew warmer, feeling charged with static and laced with the distinct scent of ozone electricity. It was like the sensation that hits you in the face when you first open the dryer without having used fabric softener right after the dry cycle. 
I could sense there was something else supernatural in the room with us now but of what source, I didn’t know. I couldn’t tell if it was evil or not either. Though I couldn’t see it, it seemed to have a dramatic...opposing effect on the current draining energy that began to dominate the air moments ago.
 The dizzying feeling I’d been having also begun to subside slowly but gradually. The shadow screeched, flying out of Professor Phillips like a gunshot, directly out of the window to the right behind his desk, and then disappearing altogether.
Had God answered my prayer?
Slowly, the room regained its normal pressure and both the biliousness and fatiguing feeling ceased miraculously. Professor Phillips collapsed again into his chair with a coughing fit.
I watched and waited for a moment, holding my breath for a beat before slowly moving back over to him.
The cold pin pricks along my skin had turned into chilled beads of sweat and I felt icky and damp all over beneath my red IU sweatshirt. The camisole tank top I wore underneath practically melded uncomfortably to my body.
“Professor, are you okay?” I asked, studying him carefully.
He cleared his throat, sweat beading over his wide forehead and upper lip when he looked up at me with a confused expression. His eyes were bloodshot and glazed over and his brow furrowed. His eyes roved around his office as if he couldn’t remember where he was much less how he had gotten here himself.
I searched the office too for good measure, still sensing something in the room. Though it was really powerful, it didn’t feel like a negative presence. 
Was it an angel standing guard? The one who intervened just now? I wondered and then assumed that to be the case.
“I’m…fine… I think. What…” he breathlessly began and then trailed off, rubbing a hand over his face and forehead.
“I’m gonna get the nurse for you.” I told him as I turned to grab my things and then stopped short. My mouth fell open when I caught sight of what the object that had been aiming for my head had actually been. Something long and shiny was jutting from the wall— as a reminder that what happened really did just take place.
It was a metal ruler.
I was stunned at the tremendous amount of force it took to embed it eight inches into the wall. That would have really hurt if it didn’t kill me instantly. Then again, that or scaring me had been the sole purpose. 
It worked.
I inhaled, my breath broken and uneven, unable to believe what just happened and still trembling inside.
I turned to look back at Professor Phillips, wondering if he had seen it yet.
He had and an even bigger look of alarm and confusion came over his face.
“How in the world?” he asked. His expression turned to puzzled shock as he stood up and rounded his desk in order to investigate the reasoning behind why his ruler was sticking out of the wall.
“I got it.” I said as I reached up and grabbed the end of it. I grunted in my attempt at trying to pull and wriggle it free. It was in there good. I twisted and pulled backwards, all the way up on my tip-toes with all my strength but it wouldn’t even budge.
“No I’ve got it, you’ll hurt yourself. How bizarre.” He said as he came over to stand beside me. I moved aside to let him take it, rubbing the pinched indentations in my palms that had been imprinted by my grip on the ruler.
It took him a small amount of effort and once he removed it, he stood and turned it over in his hands as if it were some foreign object. Then he gaped at the gash in the wall, stupefied. I wasn’t about to offer any explanation unless he thought I did it.
I hoped he didn’t think that I did it. I couldn’t have.
He finally snapped out of his silent wonder. “Why are you here, Miss Roberts?” he asked me then as if he had even forgotten that I had been standing next to him.
Huh? He didn’t remember anything? 
“You said you wanted to talk to me about what we discussed in class and my paper.” I replied with a raised brow.
He was perplexed as he examined the deep gash in the wall, running a finger over the slit once again.
“Um, yes but perhaps you can come back by tomorrow. I’m feeling a little tired right now.” He sounded winded as he pinched the bridge of his nose again and sniffed.
 “Do you want me to get or call someone for you?” I asked.
“No, no, I’ll be alright. It’s just a sudden migraine, that’s all.” He waved off with a sigh. He moved awkwardly back over to his desk looking lost and distraught. He sucked in a ragged breath and sat back down in his chair.
“Okay, well rest and take care then.” I finally said. I wasted no time gathering my things again and making for the door.
“Miss Roberts...” Professor Phillips blurted out as if he suddenly remembered something.
I tensed and turned my head around to face him with wide eyes, my hand firmly gripping on the knob.
He was smiling, a genuine, real expression of gratitude, I think. I wasn’t sure if I should go ahead and bolt or grab something for a makeshift weapon right now. 
“Yes?” I replied.
“Thank you for asking.” He then said with a curt nod.
That was both weird and unexpected but his face held sincerity to match his words.
“Sure.” I quickly said and turned the doorknob once again…taking note that it turned with ease this time.
 Apparently, it had never been locked in the first place. 


I found an empty concrete bench and sat, still in shock. I waited for Joel in the smaller courtyard facing the parking lot next to an oversized street clock. 
I was early but that was fine because it allowed me more time to digest and ruminate over what had just happened. I was still in disbelief and encumbered by what felt like the heavy weight of fear and depression settling over me. In some ways, I felt like it was closely connected to my dream last night, which further had me spooked and terrified. 
This incident hadn’t been a dream though.
I had actually been attacked— physically by a dark shadow and it could have easily hurt me or worse. I wondered why the shadow didn’t tried to possess me though. Instead, it spoke to me.
I never thought they could do that either until now. What had it been talking about in regard to ‘Him having no patience or mercy'? Why did the shadows want me? How come they were never this bold before? Was it because all of my dreams have really been trying to tell me something after all? Maybe they were just trying to put fear in me since nothing else had worked up to this point in my life. I’ve managed to survive, endure, and escape all of their attempts in the past, so they were trying a different more direct tactic … and so far, it was working.
The notification melody beeped on my phone. I glanced at it not even realizing when I looked at it earlier, that there had been an apparent missed call and a voicemail left from the Hospice, too. 
It was Joel, texting me that he was on his way. There were several other notifications, that friends had posted statuses on their Facebook pages. I hadn’t logged on in ages, let alone wondered why I even signed up for a page anyway. 
I didn’t have much family left and what little I did have, never bothered to keep in touch after the death of my grandmother.
I tapped the voicemail icon on my screen and it dialed into my voicemail box. I waited for the automated voice to prompt me to enter my password.
Lenell from the Hospice left me a message. She was the head of administration at the Hospice where I volunteered three days a week. It was located about ten miles outside of the city limits.
I had started doing volunteer work after spending my grandmothers last few weeks with her at a Hospice back in Florida. It was an amazing and humbling experience to know that even simply sitting with someone, reading a book, or simply talking, brought them the peace and comfort they needed in their final days or hours.
No one should ever have to die alone. 
I know that it was my own biggest fear.
It meant so much, not just to the people who were dying, it gave solace to me as well. So once I moved to Indiana and started college, I sought out the closest Hospice I could find and signed up to volunteer.
Between the hospice and spending weekends as an assistant gymnastics coach at the local YMCA, my schedule remained pretty full and busy and it was just the way I liked it. It prevented me from dwelling too much on myself and kept me from picking up the pity pot filled with my own worries and fears. 
Lenell asked if I could call her back. She wanted to know if I could come in an hour early this evening at four instead of five because two of the regular staff nurses were out sick today.   
I called her back. With the phone to my ear, I listened to it ring twice before someone other than Lenell picked up. That’s when I got an eerie static electric sensation prickling across my skin again. I instantly stiffened and looked up, scanning the area around me. There was no one and nothing pertinent that I could see next to or even near me. A handful of students were passing back and forth but that was it.
 “Serenity Lake Hospice, this is Terrie. May I help you?” A voice came through— sounding distant to me at first.
“Uh…hi Terrie, is Lenell there?” I asked, panning the entire courtyard and the vicinity around me again.
The sensation was growing more prominent. I could even feel the soft charge of static near my ears now, and it had my hair standing and floating on end.
“She’s away from the desk at the moment, may I take a message?”
“It’s Star. I got her message and I wanted to let her know that I’ll be there at four.” I told her.
“Star? Hi honey, I didn’t recognize your voice for a minute there. I sure will let her know, and we’ll see you tonight. Thank you for helping out.” Terrie replied.
“Sure no problem, see you then. Bye.” 
I didn’t even hear Terrie say good-bye before tapping the call end icon.
The static in the air was strongest to my right, so I turned to search for the source or cause near the set of curving stone steps that led up to the entrance to the Eastern Hall’s metal double doors —and it was then that I could see…something. 
It was a definite form, a human shape, I think but I wasn’t so sure because it was big, meaning taller than a normal person. There was a peculiar outline around it, like some sort of a shimmery, gossamer lining.
My mouth fell open slightly. I stood up and squinted, trying to make out exactly what I was seeing. The outline shifted just as I took a step towards it. I raised a brow and glanced around, wondering if anyone else was seeing this, or if it were a possible trick of sunlight or something like a mirage. No one noticed it but they did steal glances at me as if I was some sort of weirdo or simply crazy…the usual looks I got at times.
Though it was a chilly morning, the sun still shone brightly in a cloudless sky, creating prisms of light when it hit the windows and the glistening bushes and patches of wet areas along the pavement from the overnight lingering dew. 
I held the gossamer-outlined figure with my eyes for a long time where it stood until it finally began to move again. It did. 
This time towards the left and I followed it with my eyes.
“Hey, sorry I’m running late. I’m starving, are you ready?” Joel’s voice pulled me away from my entranced gaze.
I didn’t even hear him walk up.
I reluctantly tore my gaze from the mysterious anomaly to look at him and then smiled with relief. Seeing his handsome face made me feel normal again, despite my momentary perplexing vision and what happened not long ago in Professor Phillips office.

Joel wasn’t wearing his glasses now, and though he was always cute to me, he was even more of a hottie without them on. I often wondered why he didn’t bother putting his contacts in all the time. He was average in build and not that tall, though taller than me, and he had smooth skin, the perfect tanned color of light caramel. He was mixed race like me but he was both Asian and black, Korean to be more exact. His exotic look, along with his silky black, curly hair, and dark-brown almond-shaped eyes under his dark brows and lashes— made him absolutely gorgeous.
We met during our freshman year at the new student orientation tour last year. Being unknown to this city without any friends was bad enough, then I had gotten myself lost not long after the tour ended. He had been part of the tour and when he found me, he immediately volunteered to be my guide. I thought he was just hitting on me at the time, as several guys had already tried earlier, but there was something personable about Joel that I gravitated towards without question. We went out for lunch later that afternoon, ended up exchanging numbers, and then discovered that we would both be staying on campus. We established our friendship from the very beginning on that day. 
I was probably an idiot for not taking the friendship to the next level because being the intellectual type and so considerate and caring, he had a lot of friends who were female and girls asked him out all the time. Somehow we ended up in the friend range and I’m sure it was because of me, so that’s where we stayed. I mean, he never brought it up but sometimes in the back of my mind, I did wonder if he was content with just being friends too.
“You weren’t late, I was early and I’m ready to eat.” I nodded with a smile as I turned back to the where the gossamer outline had been. 
It was gone now. I scanned the parking lot and the immediate area around us but it was out of sight as if it had never been there to begin with.
I chalked it up to be nothing … at least nothing meaning me any harm.

IV: Cam’ael

Out of habit, I traced a finger where the recent cut that I had inflicted upon myself had been without much thought, even though it had long since healed over completely. The perfect flesh was once again smooth and brand new, just like it always remained. This time though, I added extra ferocity, cutting through layers of muscle in order to both receive and release the maximum amount of pain. Flesh, though perfect in the form that was given to me, had taken thousands upon thousands of centuries for me to get used to. 
I hadn’t done this to myself in a while but it was warranted this time. I was cold and calloused, giving into the darkest part of me that was steadily becoming reanimated within because it had been the only part I had been feeding for a while now. 
The four human women that I had finished having my way with all left spent, silent, bewildered, and emotionally empty. I had defiled them with every sexual deviance, image and sensation that they knew of, some of which they had no idea was even possible, except for actual physical intercourse. The experience had fused the black sin that was a permanent part of me from my being into theirs. As demons, we could still breed with humans and I was not about to allow that to happen. 
Sexual depravity was never by force. The women, both mortal and immortal, gave themselves willingly and I eagerly accepted them. They were drunk with their own desires, like addicts, not even aware of what was overtaking them beyond their personal carnal lust.
For me, it was simply the power of intimidation and conquest. I filtered out the dark lust into them and in return, I absorbed the resulting pleasure and passion into my being like a dry sponge to satisfy my own. In mortal street slang terminology— humans could classify me as a sophisticated Incubus, I supposed, but I was a lot more discerning than the majority of the other fallen and Incubus’ here. My anger, frustration and pain could only be vented in the very sin that attributed to my sentence and fate. It sounds ironic but past violence and fighting others of my kind, it was the only outlet that I’ve had the liberty of indulging in for many, many millennia.
Though there was never any reasoning against it, a hand to stop me, or even a stipulation that I had to punish myself afterwards, there were times that I did it anyway. It was simply because I could not destroy myself. 
It was not allowed as part of my condemnation. 
That was torture but it was nothing to mask or compare to the hurt that my spirit would forever endure having been banished and marked to suffer for eternity. I was ashamed, disgraced, indignant, and now— a demon.
After this last encounter and my own personal punishment, I had to leave Morning Star’s domain quickly. I had extract and rid myself of the vileness that my actions interwove into my soul, whenever I was there for too long. That is, until I could bathe in the Infinite waters, continuing to pray to a being that no longer knew or heard me, and then completely rinse it all away. 
There had been an open rift that still remained active since the last major catastrophe, which had claimed many human lives— and it had been a devastating one. I wasted no time venturing through it, especially when I saw the other shadows darting in and out en masse. That was never a good sign, so I had followed them and sure enough, it led me straight her, to this school. She was attending this college as a student to my own stunned shock and renewed interest.
This place, this mid-western city in what is called Indiana, was a place I hadn’t really been before. It was new to me and out of all of the other places I have been, this one was the last place I expected to track her down after having briefly been distracted and losing her signature altogether. 

I first took notice of her when she was a child of about maybe seven years of age. There was no masking or mistaking her aura, which confounded me as to why I’d never taken notice of her before. It was extremely bright, perplexing, and more powerful than all of the other divine chosen that we had ever seen from this realm. That observation automatically piqued my own curiosity in trying to understand why. Unfortunately, my attention hadn’t been the only one she had acquired from the spirit realm. There was no way any of us could deny or not notice the intensity of her light; not even Morning Star himself.
Whenever a divine warrior or chosen is born, it’s like a sparkling diamond just beneath the surface of shallow, murky water to us in comparison to regular mortals. Some sparkle brighter than others but hers…completely bewildered me. Even in the sea of many other divine chosen marked all over the world, she shimmers like a beacon on a pitch-black night. I don’t remember another with that type of aura in all the history of mankind outright.
For that reason and since then, she held my attention and intrigue, so I continued to monitor and keep watch over her, starting with the movement of her family from Florida to New Orleans Louisiana.  My purpose had been to protect her from countless, ruthless demons who were nothing more than sycophants of Morning Star until the time of the massive hurricane. But protect her for what purpose, I wasn’t completely sure. She would be a woman one day and I already knew what she was destined to be but I still wanted her for myself.
Thinking that she had perished in that devastating storm, I turned my attention back to my previous bad habits and sins in despair but I have never forgotten about her. That catastrophe alone was a group effort on the part of the dark ones, playing against and manipulating the state of the earth and nature itself in order to tear open a massive hole between the planes. It ended up affecting the natural elements of the oceans, temperatures and created massive plate shifting causing the Hurricane. Once the rift had been created, they passed through with ease in order to play, gather, recruit, and leech.
In the here and now— though years later, it didn’t take long to home in on that same unique, dominate aura again, so I immediately crossed over the planes without hesitation. 
Once I had entered the mortal realm, I was breathless. 
She was still alive, and she was even more beautiful as a young woman. The scent of her womanhood was still untouched and pure, that prospect alone was both alluring and intoxicating to me…possibly dangerous for her.
I vowed this time that I would never leave my watch over her no matter what the cost or circumstance. Though I wasn’t sure what I expected the outcome to be this time because I already knew her fate. I didn’t care though.
 My interest in her had nothing to do with her being a chosen. However, it was a major obstacle that I could see no way around and I was an expert at getting around most any rule, law, or restriction. 
Though I didn’t believe in fate, let alone Elohim’s assistance since I was shut out from his realm of heaven and all direct telepathic communication with him long ago, it was something short of a miracle that allowed me to get to her just in time. I ghosted into the room in my spirit form and remained cloaked. The shadow instantly recognized me and took off in fear. Though we were kin, it knew exactly who I was and what I would do to it if it didn’t flee.
I should have known that the shadows were up to something devious and malicious as they always were but circumstances were different for me when it came to her. 
Under Morning Star’s orders— his generals, servants, voids, imps, the shadowy ones, and dark fallen had become more emboldened with their threats and confrontations. I could only imagine what they planned to use this weak human male for, and as soon as I had taken the form of black energy in the office, her reaction surprised me.
 I knew there was a possibility that she might see me but I had no idea that she would actually be able to feel my presence. She was fearless in the face of the shadow but I know it meant that they would only escalate their attempts after this failure. Well, at least they knew she would not cower easily and that my sudden appearance would show them that I would always be in the vicinity, near her— watching too. Past Elohim and Morning Star, it was my presence that they feared most.
Morning Star was his own lord, and even though he already ruled to an extent as it was, Earth was going to become his for the taking permanently, soon. What he had come to surpass was beyond anything I imagined any level of hate, wrath, vengeance, jealousy, and anger could ever produce. I despised him with what was left of my original essence and being. If defying him would help relinquish my sins and allow me to re-enter the grace that I lost so long ago, then I along with the others who also chose the same as I have would, until that very moment came.
I would have liked to hang around longer in order to both simply marvel at her, but I quickly found myself re-entering the spirit realm through the same portal that I had come through once again. I immediately headed back to my dwelling to respond and to wait.
I had been summoned unexpectedly and though being summoned by any being angered me, there were very few that I would not ignore no matter what. This one was one of them, regardless of how I really felt about him personally.
Normally, I figured this was going to be a retribution or act of penance for this kind of intervention, which I would accept. Other than that, being summoned was rare in regard to any civil interaction between angels and demons, so when it happened— I knew it was important or possibly. . .yet another personal request. Maybe some minute part of me still held onto some sort of hope, I guess. 
I waited, perched high atop the roof of the cliff side ledge that led to an immense, deep cavern inside the mountain that I had long ago carved out and designed room by room myself, both by hand and with magick. The entrance was hard to see from afar, hidden among many indistinct crevices. The base of the entire mountain was fortified with both elements of light and the Eternal Lake and Infinite Waters from the Eastern quadrant.
This was one of the last places that I called my home in this realm. Outward towards the Northern Sphere, lies a vast carpet of dark, dense fog that forever blankets the black, petrified stone tree tops. The view from here is near complete darkness, which stretches out into the distant horizon like a ghostly, inky chasm.
It’s a veritable forest of evil spirits and a playground for imps, lesser demon servants, fallen, and the monstrous dark dwellers that Morning Star  has created— better known as the Dead lands. It’s named rightfully so because nothing that brought forth positive energy, and life could ever grow or survive there.  The land of the fallen ones are full of those unfortunate kidnapped or unsuspecting humans, who managed to get taken or possessed and became lost or had been lured through open portals to this realm.
In this realm, his domain was a mere prelude to what would become of the Earth when the end comes and Morning Star claims it. Humans are left and used as bait for whatever sick, cruel games and intentions the dark ones had in mind, especially if they managed to remain sane, which was rare once here in their mortal flesh anyway. 
Consecrated and sanctified land occupied nearly all the land behind the mountain ridges to my left, along with the Infinite waters of light, the Eternal Lake, and blossoming vegetation and forests. The water is infinite because there is no bottom or end and nothing of darkness could enter or survive contact. It was peace, serenity, and shielded with Elohim’s love, grace, and power. 
I dwelled in between the two divides. From here, I can see everything. This plane was not visible to mere mortal eyes with the exception of the divine chosen. They are able to catch glimpses of both darkness and the angels if they paid close attention. Since darkness follows no rules in remaining hidden and masking their signatures, they appeared more visible to all humans in the mortal world, not just the divine chosen. 
Though it is deadly to them, the shadows are drawn to light like curious moths to flames. It was all a game and one of the favorite past-times remains attempting to taint and ruin the auras of the divine chosen. Their downfall and choosing of darkness were the ultimate prizes and many times it was easy, but it was the more defiant and stronger ones that tended to be the most appealing. 
Sometimes you had to join them to beat them and that was the strategy that has thus been working so far. I would not let it fail this time either, especially since I knew that the end of humans and man’s rule on this earth was quickly coming to a close.
This spirit world is a reflection of the mortal world in its purest raw form. It is untouched, unmarred, and unblemished by the modernizations of man. Essentially, it is a reflection of the world when it was first new, almost like the veritable Eden as it was supposed to have remained since the beginning. Not that many of us didn’t create our own versions of some of those modern items via magick, except for most works of literature.
Magick exists but it is only meant for the hands of spirit beings—another thing that has gotten out of control and went against rules. Humans received the rites in exchange for their souls, courtesy of Morning Star and his arch-demons. Somehow, those worshiping humans were given access to some of the most sacred texts of summoning and even the first true names of certain fallen, which was completely forbidden as universal law among spirit beings. I had to admit; Morning Star was the master at recruiting and conversion by virtue of exploiting and playing upon every weakness that imperfect mortals had inherited. The evil energy transmitted back and forth between this plane and the human world has been never ending for as long as I can remember. Messages, influences, promises of wealth, power, sexual gratifications, and all that humans treasure and place so much importance upon, were traded and dealt back and forth with the payment of souls. 
The flapping of wings rustled loudly behind me, pushing forth a gust of cool wind that blew like a whisper across the stone ground. This wide, stone ledge fanned out like a grand proscenium stage over the hidden entrance to my dwelling. The brilliance of the white light that came with the wind permeated the inky indigo blue of evening that surrounding us, but quickly dimmed once I heard him touch down upon the ground. 
I didn’t turn around to face him right away. “Kill the light completely.” I said flatly.
 He knew exactly why I demanded it and I wasn’t kidding. Instantly, the white luminescence winked out without opposing comment. 
“I know how impatient you can be. I apologize for being a little late. I wasn’t sure if you had told me the truth about your dwelling.” He finally replied.
 He irked me. I hated him.
 I raised a brow and turned around, splaying my wings to their full extension. It was a defiant gesture to remind him just how grand they were and how many pure, snowy white feathers still remained among them. 
Though mine were a bit wider in span, they had been ruined with symbolic black marks of condemnation and were no longer the complete, blessed, shimmering white plumage as his were. I was jealous but I suppressed it. 
“You summoned me. Why would I have lied to you about my dwelling?” I replied with bitter irritation. 
He feigned a tight smile. “We could have met anywhere. Being where it lies and how reclusive you are makes it quite obvious. I do appreciate the extension of regard by inviting me here. Don’t you think it might be better to meet inside though?” He then asked with a flicker of his eyes towards the looming, dark dominion in the far-distant horizon.
In my annoyance of him my eyes began to glow and I returned the fake smile. “Are you sure you want to risk it? Once inside, there may be no way out.” I grinned. 
“I’m merely suggesting that it may be wise for the obvious reasons. Even though you are kin, do you really want him to know we are meeting?” Drakael then asked with a nod towards Morning Star’s dominion. 
I shot him a wry look of impatience. “Don’t flatter yourself, Drakael. Neither of you are a threat to me. I’ve already cleared the area beforehand so be honored you were even invited here at all. He and I are only kin by title, nothing more, so choose your words wisely.” I spat. 
He nodded. “Noted. I didn’t realize how sensitive you were. You’ve always had a sarcastic sense of humor. No doubt you’ve definitely been around humans for many millennia and most recently. You reek of their imperfect flesh.” He said shaking his head.
I glowered and watched him. He made no casual moves to get comfortable or sit, not that I offered a seat to him anyway. He always kept his distance, as if by mere proximity, past this conversation, that he would taint himself.
“And you reek of arrogance, which if I’m not mistaken— is also considered an imperfection. Humans aren’t the bad ones after all, and they remain my preference as opposed the present company here.” I replied giving him a contemptuous glare.
I watched as his pure white eyes began to glow, glazing over my wings with a look of rebuke. “I forget what you are at times. Your ounce of light is a lot stronger than I thought but you are still known throughout this realm as a demon, so there is no point in casting insults.” He grinned.
I narrowed my eyes at him. “You walk a fine line yourself, Drakael, so be careful. You may just find out how easy it is to fall one day soon. What was I summoned for this time or should I guess?” I finally asked, tiring of his presence already.
He began to pace, keeping a wide berth between us as he did.
“Curious to a few recent events and actions on your part, actually. Affirmation for you to know that we are aware of who it is you seem to favor now that you’ve realized that she still lives. However, I guess I don’t need to remind you that she as well as the other two near the same city are about to die soon as well. I wanted to restate some of the rules since you seem to be misbehaving and circumventing them already as it is. She is not yours to claim, have, or save no matter what you do.” He stated. 
I felt my face tighten and I clenched my teeth in anger. So this was penance of some sort. That irked me since Morning Star always gets to do whatever the hell he wants to without price or direct penalty. There was a pang of pain in my soul simply hearing those words though— ‘She was going to die soon’. 
I already knew that but I didn’t want to hear it spoken.
Her death would not be by natural causes but I still did not want her to have to go through it, even if it meant that she would be here in the spirit realm and become of immortal flesh, permanently. As a divine warrior, we would become automatic adversaries. I hated knowing that I would not be able to do anything to either stop it or help her because as a spirit being, fallen or not— I was not allowed to intervene.
I looked at him with incredulous aggravation.
“That’s it? This is what you summoned me for? As if I couldn’t stand you enough Drakael, let me remind you that I am free to favor whomever I choose now in case you’ve forgotten. Angelic rules do not apply to demons. Thanks to his shadow servants and the lines that your side allows him to cross time and again, she may know of her own fate soon! She’s already seen me though, so if that’s what you mean to make sure doesn’t happen, you’re ridiculously late.” I seethed.
This time he frowned though a bit surprised.
“They know nothing of how or when she dies, so it doesn’t matter. On the other hand, what was your intention in showing up there to begin with and allowing her to see you?” He accused.
“I didn’t allow, let alone expected her to see me at all. I was cloaked but she was aware of my presence and she saw my signature, naturally. Why wouldn’t she have? She would have seen you too if you had been there, so what’s your point?” I cut him off knowing what he was about to try and prove.
My status of being classified as a demon meant that I had been reduced to nothing more than an imperfect supernatural being, a skilled and perfect lover, but only to be worthy of nothing more than the physical pleasures of the flesh, nothing else.
For the majority, it meant the freedom to partake of and revel in every level of hatred and sin against Elohim, mankind, and forsake all the original commandments.
“Do not think for one moment that your intent with her is not known and clear. It won’t work no matter how much light you still possess.” He sternly stated.
I glared at him, and he watched me carefully with suspicion. I raised both brows. “My intentions? My intentions were to help her—or more so doing your job, apparently seeing as her prayer had meant nothing to anyone else on your side.” I stated.
He eyed me. “Her prayer was heard and acknowledged as it has always been.” He then defended.
I shook my head with an unbelieving half smile.
“I think you’re only concern and worry is if my intents include deviances of the flesh?” I then said as I began to circle around him, maintaining the wide berth.
Drakael actually smirked with that one. He turned his head slightly in reaction to my movements. He was still able to account for where I was, even with his back to me.
I was tempted but angering Elohim was the last thing I ever wanted to do right now.
“That is precisely what I meant so don’t play games, Cam`ael. You may still hold much influence and power here but not in the human realm.” He warned.
He knew how to push my buttons. My jaw worked.
“I am still Chief Angel of all powers no matter where I am.” I stated in clipped words.
“You were.” He declared.
The glow of my eyes intensified as I took a step towards him.
He didn’t move or tense at my approach. I believed he was more disappointed that he, along with many others, had not been able to take my place since my fall.
“There has never been a replacement for me, so I suppose Elohim feels as if there is no need. I still give him my allegiance and loyalty by controlling the demons and the limits of their powers here and in the mortal realm, just as I always have before.” I stated harshly, standing directly in front of him now.
Drakael paused for a moment, eyeing me as if I what I said were untrue…he knew better. He turned slightly to face me fully, taking a few steps back and watching me silently.
I thought that would shut him up.
“He no longer speaks to you directly. How would you even know what he wants of you, unless we convey those messages to you?” 
That remark cut me deep because he was right.
“He doesn’t have to. I have never forgotten my responsibilities or the rules, and I still hold them sacred. He speaks by virtue of his allowance of me to retain and tread both light and dark, as well as both wielding it and holding it within my being.  Have Elohim to explain that one to you if you dare to question it.” I pointed out.
I then turned to face the view I had been watching earlier before Drakael arrived, hearing the distant screams of torment echoing through the dense thick, stone forests. 
We all possess superior hearing range; able to hear a single pin drop or whisper both here and in the mortal realm from this plane. That was the only reason I tended to speak among those in my legion telepathically most of the time. It was necessary here— there were way too many hidden spies and scouts.
“Did you speak to or interact with her?” He then asked, cleverly dodging what I told him.
“No.” I stated with a blatant semi-glare, semi-eye roll.
However, I wanted to. I’ve always wanted to but I was afraid that her grandmother would be able to see and call me out easily. She had been gifted as well and I knew she would not allow me anywhere around her, especially when she was a child. I respected that, so I kept my distance.
Soon though, I would show myself to her regardless of the rules. She had looked directly at me, obviously sensing that I had been standing near her in the outdoor courtyard, even though I had been completely cloaked.
Her gorgeous, innocent, child-like, lushly-lashed, sapphire blue eyes followed my movements, unblinking in awe. 
I sighed softly as I watched the dark ones soar across the sky in the distance, dipping back and forth, diving into the trees and the distant blue-black horizon with a streak of violet from the reddish moon rising.
They were all hunting. 
It was more than likely for sport, to please or impress Morning Star with offerings and to suck up.
Drakael’s sudden harshness broke into my brief reverie. “You love testing the limits of the rules, Cam`ael. I’m pretty sure you did something to alert her of your presence, how else do you explain her ability to see your signature if you were cloaked?” 
Didn’t I just answer that? I was already growing weary with regret in spite of answering this summoning. I thought it might have actually been something important or even interesting for that matter. If I didn’t do or say something to get rid of him soon…I’d punch him in the face hard enough to send him flying into the mortal realm.
“If she can see the dark ones and the shadows, why wouldn’t she be able to see me or you?  Granted, since I was cloaked and she still saw me, I find that intriguing. Even so, I will make sure that she sees me in the flesh at least once before she dies though. There is no rule against taking on physical form and interaction with mortals as long as it is not to harm, so what difference do any of my actions make?” 
Drakael frowned, speechless because he hadn’t anticipated that I still remembered all the rules regarding both sides, let alone that I continued to hold any kind of regard for them contrary to the majority of other dark fallen.
“I cannot believe I am saying this to you but for once Cam`ael, can you not be so…caustic?
“Caustic? That would be boring and then I’d become you.” I smiled spitefully.
He pursed his lips. “You could never be me or like me again.” He stated.
Drakael and I used to be as close as Rahab and I still were now, that is until I was cast down. Since then we became and remained virtual strangers just short of enemies as if whatever kinship we had never existed in the first place. It was the way it was supposed to have been, so I couldn’t be angry with him— it was more with myself for the choices I had made. However, I hated his low-key arrogance and the way he managed to throw it in my face every chance he got.
I laughed. “I was never like you to begin with nor did I ever wish to have been, even then. You’re what mortals would call others in their realm…what is it?” I snapped my fingers to think for a minute, “Oh, a douche.” I then finished.
His mouth twitched with flaring ire briefly but he quickly suppressed it. He had no choice, he was an Angel and he had an example to set and maintain even in my presence as a fallen …unless I challenged him personally and physically.
I grinned satisfactorily because he knew that I knew that.
“You’ve seen her aura and you know why she could never be hidden. That is why I took it upon myself to watch her, especially since observing and learning of Morning Star’s extreme interest in her too, in case you haven’t realized that by now. Your side may not grant me the permission to guard over her specifically, but you cannot stop or hinder me from keeping Morning Star’s minions away from her either, which is all I am doing.” I then went on to say.
He paused and thought for a moment, a mask of confusion on his face. His demeanor and aura shifted and then dimmed. I knew who he had just communicated with and envy burned my face as I turned away.
“You are always toeing the line, Cam`ael. Nothing has changed with you I see, and now you have the gall to question Elohim’s purpose?” He dared me with a suspicious eye and a single raised brow as if he was indeed daring me to do just that.
I bit my tongue and didn’t answer.
He spoke again, “I didn’t think so. Since you along with others have noticed that her aura differs from all the other divine chosen, it means her value puts higher stakes on maintaining that every rule is strictly adhered to, regardless of how you desire to explain or classify your actions. You cannot interfere no matter what.” He pointed out.
I raised both brows and shook my head in disbelief. “Higher stakes? But only for me, right? I thought each and every one of the divine chosen are equally valued and important. Just why is her aura so much brighter than all the others throughout time?” I then asked.
Drakael said nothing to address that last question, typical of him, and as always it pissed me off.
“Not much to say now, huh?” I mocked Drakael with a side smirk.
“All divine chosen are special in their own rites, obviously.” Drakael finally answered.
I shook my head again with a sarcastic snort and laugh, hopping up onto an outcropping of rock to gaze out over the Eternal Waters this time. I reveled in all its pristine beauty. The reflection of the sun offered the illusion of dipping into the darkening pink and azure waterline at the horizon.
The beauty of the sky at dawn and dusk were merely one of Elohim’s finest, artistic creations.
I returned my hard gaze to Drakael. “Special but not enough to be protected while still mortal. How has Morning Star managed to snatch so many so easily before their time then? Why aren’t they being watched and protected better if at all?” I then asked. He moved to join my current view of the water, maintaining a distance of a few yards from me.
“Their protection is not what you believe it should be. You know Elohim has the power to do and control anything if he chooses. You also know how he works.” Drakael said softly and slowly.
Part of me knew that truth, yes, but the other half…the dark half— was angry and frustrated at the lop-sided leniency.
“By making him think he’s winning? Well, I hate to break it to you but personally, I think he is. Allowing him and all of his imps and servants the upper hand has always been a bad move, in my opinion. I don’t understand why he gets a longer leash in this realm too. Are you reminding him of the rules as well?” I waved an arm in anger to gesture back towards the opposite side in the dark distance.
“Our side and our plans are not for you to know any longer. You take actions upon yourself, Cam`ael, and Elohim has always allowed you that much. Do not think for one second that Morning Star has not stopped hating you or resented the fact that you are the only one who has ever fallen, yet are still in possession of a small portion of your grace and light.” Drakael noted.
He shut me up with that one. It was something that I had never considered. Drakael had a point though but I wasn’t going to admit that out loud. I always wondered why I had been allowed to keep my light too, but it was not something I was going to question aloud either for fear that it may be taken as ungrateful.
Morning Star probably hated me more than I hated him… and that was a lot of animosity. He was blinded with jealousy and his hatred of me underneath his exterior. I was positive that it wasn’t simply because of my resistance and refusal to side with and help his master plan by mating with a divine chosen either.
I was instantly re-humbled.
Drakael went on, “Your efforts are recognized, obviously, or I wouldn’t stand before you now in question of them. Nevertheless, you know that the human realm has always been his world to rule thus far, and though it may not seem like it, he does know his limits. He just pushes and circumvents them the same way that you do, so this is nothing new for you and it is not your personal war or vendetta. No matter what you may think or feel, and even though you are no longer bound to Elohim, you can still be destroyed just as he created you.” Drakael stated.
I didn’t reply. He seemed surprised by my silence.
“That being said, I think you should know that there is another rogue legion of your kin who has also taken notice of and have been working to retrieve her. It is believed they act alone though, they do not liege with Morning Star.” He then warned.
I spun around to face him, instantly alarmed by this news and ignoring the rest of his words before his last sentence. I was tired of that game, just like I was getting tired of this pointless meeting and conversation. I was in front of him again within three long strides with teeth clenched, “What makes you think they don’t liege with Morning Star?” I asked suspiciously.
“We know all.” He simply said.
“Right. Since when? Who are they?” I demanded, clenching and unclenching my fists in my anger. Crackles of darkness snaked over and in between each finger and knuckle in response to my irritation with Drakael. Drakael remained cool, pursing his lips in a cocky manner. “I’ll leave that for you to find out for yourself since you seem to be so enchanted with her. Do as you please with them upon discovering who they are if you want something to occupy your time. They already know we are watching them, too.” He said.
“And that you’ll do nothing to stop them either.” I stated, feeling anger upon hearing this.
She was in far more danger that I had previously thought but why did they all want her now? Did they really think they could take her from Morning Star? Not that I’d let him get his hands on her, but there were thousands upon thousands of divine chosen out there.
I would have to summon others in my legion immediately to assist in finding out who and how many. This could get ugly before it’s time really fast.
Drakael ignored my comment.
I bit my lip in frustration, a feeling of helplessness washing over me. I couldn't stop any torment or pain my former brethren would and could cause, not to mention her risk of being taken by some rogue legion. She needed me there to protect her whether she knew of me or not, and I would risk my very existence to do it no matter what.
I pulled the dark power in me back into me and then flexed my fingers, “How will she die?” I subsequently asked solemnly.
He paused. “I don’t know that.” He answered.
“When?” I then asked.
He opened his mouth to speak and then paused. “Don’t even think about it Cam`ael.” He warned.
He obviously knew why I asked these questions but whether he told me or not, it would not stop me. My frustration and anger began to mount again at his insinuations.
“You can’t interfere either, which means you can do nothing to stop me.” I said, looking directly at him.
He was affronted. “You’re playing with your own annihilation.”
“I’ve been outcast as a demon for quite some time now— annihilation would be considered mercy.”
“Be careful what you ask for.” Drakael warned.
“I don’t ask; I beg of it.” 
That last statement left an air of quiet around us. Drakael moved towards the lip of the cliff facing the direction of the Infinite waters’ horizon, lost in his own thoughts or conversation with Elohim for a moment. I began to regret saying that aloud, especially before I had a chance to meet her, which was all I wanted to do before all of this came to pass. While his back was turned to me, I secretly admired the pure, clean, white luminescence of his wings; gilded by shimmering, gold linings around each individual feather—as all of mine had once been before, too. I still had quite of few of those left but the blackened, cursed ones completely dominated them. 	Elohim could unreservedly wipe me out of existence in the blink of an eye at any given time if he wanted to despite my permanent punishment. But he has chosen not to for some reason. 
“Well, since we are exchanging information, I’ll enlighten you as well with some new developments. Morning Star is about to open a fresh portal by virtue of a group of humans that summoned Baal. For what purpose, we both can only assume. They’ve been entering this new city where she resides, and the college she attends through a recent portal that needs closing fast but I’m not going to do it this time. They’ve already zoned in on the two others within the city that you spoke of as well, but they all seem to be focused on her. Morning Star has already claimed two more divine chosen from the last city.” I finally told him to break the silence and change the subject.
 He turned to look at me. “Already?” That information seemed to confuse him momentarily. 
“He’s fast. You didn’t know?” I derided. 
He didn’t reply right away. “I knew…” He began
“But your side planned to sit idly by and give them to him as an offering of peace as per your elaborate plan of letting him do whatever he pleases.” I cut in and sarcastically finished his sentence for him.
He eyed me with disdain.
I grinned.
Drakael bit his lip and appeared to be in thought but I knew what he was doing and who he was talking to again in his silence. I had to look away to squash the feelings of rejection.
“Maybe if you guys wouldn’t give them such bright and conspicuous auras to begin with, they just might last long enough to fulfill their destinies, undetected… just a thought. Of course, I couldn’t care less. They’ll all be enemies of mine after that point anyway.” I added in more sarcasm.
“Keep questioning and testing Elohim, Cam`ael, do not believe for a moment that you have nothing to lose. You’ve already given that away.” Drakael then pointed out.
I seethed and glided closer to him. He stiffened, eyes widening at my advance. 
“What does that mean?” I lowered my voice in warning.
We stared each other down for a span of a few moment but he didn’t answer my questions.
If he was talking about Star, he was pressing a raw nerve in me by even making the threat. I would kill him over her in a second without hesitation.
“Don’t threaten me.” I warned, my jaw working again as I pushed an air of dark energy towards him.
Drakael instantly blocked it with his own wall of light energy but I stopped myself before the clash of our powers collided. I pulled the darkness back into me, not wanting to waste the time let alone risk Elohim’s displeasure at this point.
“No need for temper Cam`ael, it wasn’t a threat.” Drakael then eased. 
“I’m sure it wasn’t.” I replied flatly, staring him down with vehemence. He was wearing out his welcome, fast.
 “Anyway, I saw them when I was there last. It was a male of about twenty-five years old and a very young female of sixteen. They were both bound and blindfolded, still sane for now.” I then went on to tell him. That was the problem in both this realm and the mortal one, evil prevailed because it played by no rules and the righteousness worried way too much about the rules, which was why it was losing drastically now. I personally had no problems killing someone or another dark fallen if it served the greater good. I was already cursed and shunned anyway.
“He won’t kill them, just like all the others. We’ll need you to see if you can locate them again.” Drakael said. This was one of many recent requests that I was getting all the time from the angels, being messengers. Given that fact I would never say no to Elohim, I felt used at times. Getting the kidnapped divine chosen was not an easy feat but I managed to do it many times in the past with no special reward or payment for my risk and trouble. 
“No, he won’t kill them but neither you nor I can guarantee that they won’t choose his side either, now could we?” I countered.
Drakael knew what I meant by that too. “That is why haste is of the utmost importance here, Cam`ael.”  He replied. 
I sighed and rolled my eyes shaking my head. “Wait a minute,” I began while holding up a finger. Drakael eyed me suspiciously, moving to face me fully once again. “Doesn’t that as well as all the others that I’ve retrieved from him for your side also count as…interference? It is still their will to choose.” I pointed out. 
“Their destinies have already been infiltrated by virtue of being kidnapped before their deaths and their rebirths against their own wills. The rules of intervention no longer apply in those circumstances.” Drakael stated.
“Really? Then I’ll make sure to keep that in mind.” I replied with a nod as I began to pace around Drakael on purpose.
He sighed and watched me as I moved casually around him, the end tips of my wings lightly brushing the ground behind my heels in a whisper.
“I don’t think I’ll have time for this. I’ve got other things to investigate and deal with righ now.” I reminded him to refer to what he told me about this rogue legion being after her too.
“This will take you no time, especially since you just saw them.” He replied.
“That doesn’t mean a damned thing. What makes you think I will be able to do this again so easily?” I asked just out of curiosity.
“You’ve been successful getting all of the others out up to this point. The fact that you’ve seen these two means that he has no need to hide or keep them from you. He either trusts or sees you as no threat as far as they are concerned and you know that.” Drakael pointed out.
 “Morning Star trusts no one, you know that. That still doesn’t mean it isn’t a highly risky and difficult task, and even more so now because of what is about to happen. He obviously isn’t stupid. Don’t think he isn’t aware that I have recovered all those others as well. He isn’t looking the other way because he’s an idiot.” I said flatly.
“You didn’t let me finish.” Drakael stated calmly.
I eyed him.
“We know all of that, which is why you won't need to physically retrieve them this time. Just release them where they are and leave the rest to us.” He then said.
I looked at him incredulously. 
This was new. 
I almost had to ask him to repeat himself but I had heard him loud and clear. I just didn’t comprehend the purpose behind it. 
Release was another word for a kill here, spoken by only the angels. All human blood was sacred but the number—one serious taboo that would bring certain destruction raining down from Elohim personally, would be the death of a divine chosen via the shedding of their blood while they were still mortal. 
We all knew that rule and even Morning Star didn’t dare to tread over that one, though he’s been kidnapping and torturing many of them for many millennia— always careful to do everything imaginable in order to cause pain but without shedding or partaking in an ounce of their blood. 
It was my guess that his intent had always been to convert them into choosing darkness or breeding them with his own sons and daughters, who were arch demons here. With most of them, he would go through his sacred rituals of immortality, once they’ve accepted, and then bestowing access to the powers of his own darkness unto them.
 “You want me to what?” I asked with brows furrowed, my eyes began to glow once again.
He was taken aback by my sudden spark and he watched me carefully, taking a slight step to back away from me.
“You want me to say it in Angelic for you? Do you even remember the language?” He smirked.
He was being a smart-ass now I see.
“You’re assuming that killing is nothing to me.” I then said.
“Releasing them from their physical flesh is not killing. I am to tell you that you are being given exclusive permission to carry this out, so you will not risk death for this.” Drakael corrected.
I snorted a chuckle, “Releasing and killing is one in the same and that doesn’t change my statement.” I replied firmly.
“Your actions do not mimic your words.” He then said.
“There is a big difference between killing other dark ones and killing mortal human beings, unless they have already been afflicted with darkness!” I felt a burst of anger at his nonchalant request and personal insult. I snapped open my wings and took a threatening stance.
A long time ago, I would have been ashamed for any of the angels to see the cursed black marks and symbols on my wings but after a while, I just didn’t care.
Drakael remained passive but his eyes blazed more intensely as his stance changed to defensive.
“Both of which you have done a lot of in your existence, so why seem affronted about it now?” Drakael calmly stated.
I glided towards him in one swift motion. Heat and power began to build beneath the surface of my flesh at his audacity to pass judgment upon me in my own domicile after relaying this favor. He watched me closely but he didn’t move. We were a few feet away from each other but his expression still remained inert, hiding any pending reaction and intent of his own.
“I’m not going to do your dirty work for you. If you want to save them— you have just as much power and authority to release them yourself.” I stated firmly and looking him directly in the eyes now.
He paused. “Even if Elohim asks it of you?” He then said.
“Don’t play that card with me when he has the power to save them himself!” I spat.
“Of course he has the power to save them himself but he requests it of you. He has his reasons.” Drakael said.
Though I hated it, I knew he could not lie. He was a messenger and if he said Elohim requested it, then he had. 
I went through my typical range of emotions starting with ire and working my way down to annoyance, and finally petulance. I sighed, my mind trying to work through the request and the outcome of getting something I wanted out of it too. Keeping my eyes on him, I reluctantly pulled my wings in slowly but they remained folded against me as I paced backwards away from him towards the ledge. I turned to gaze out towards the darkening skies in the distance, once again. Drakael didn’t move but I felt his own gaze on my back.
I took a long pause on purpose to make him wait. “I’ll accept this task but I request a concession of my own.” I began.
“A concession? I thought you gave sole allegiance to Elohim?” He pointed out. 
I turned my head slightly. “Does that mean I have no right to ask for something in return?” 
It was silent again.
 “Alright, I will pass along your concession. What is it?” He replied.
 I knew that I had to word this carefully. “I will do this but only if I am able to introduce myself to her in the mortal realm in my flesh form before everything happens.” I then said. 
There was initial silence. “For what purpose?” Drakael asked, appalled.
 “As a simple messenger, that is none of your concern.” I replied without looking at him. 
“I know you. You mean to influence her? Charm her? I can relay the request but there are no guarantees.” Drakael replied with suspicion. 
“Does that bother you?” I asked turning around to face him with a raised brow. 
“Why would it bother me? I don’t understand why you have to be so difficult at a time like this.” Drakael replied, his expression seeming confused. 
“I’ll wait but you have only a few seconds to relay my humble request.” I ignored his comment. 
Drakael sighed and I heard the rustle of his feathers when he moved. “This isn’t a time for a test of wills or a wager for competition, especially when there is no comparison between us.” Drakael began but his words trailed off as he paused, his face intent with attention. I knew what he was doing. 
“What is the purpose Cam`ael, really?” Drakael then asked. 
“Who is asking?” I replied, watching his expression. 
“I already know that you would not answer if it were my question.” Drakael replied.
I instantly became humbled and at the same time I wasn’t sure what I would say. What was my intention? I didn’t want to lie or ruin his faith in me if he had any left at all for that matter. I had to admit that this took me off guard.
 In the end, Elohim always wanted an honest answer no matter what it was, this I knew for a fact. I hated that I had to relay it through a third party instead of being able to address him directly…like I used to do.
I didn’t want Drakael to know anything about my feelings and intentions, they weren’t his business or concern. I thought for a few moments, turning away from him again so I wouldn’t have to look at him when I finally spoke.
“Contrition.” I determined. 
I didn’t hear Drakael make a sound for a long while and I wondered if he had left. I turned around to check, he hadn’t.
 “Your request is granted on three conditions.” He finally spoke, holding up three of his thin fingers. That answer literally surprised me and I waited anxiously for those specific conditions, knowing that Drakael could not lie or twist the message he was given to convey to me.
“The death of the divine ones in his possession must be done by your hands first, before this meeting is to take place. Second, you are not allowed to deceive her by any means in order to lie down with her, which includes any use of magick, powers, or manipulation upon her or others. And third, you are not allowed to reveal what you are to her or anyone else verbally or physically, including what I am while we are both there. As far as dealing with others of your kin, the call is yours.” He finished, and with that he grinned big.
I scowled.
Little did he or any on his side realize, that I don’t have to physically lie down with a woman in order to partake in or give pleasure. He failed to mention that as being forbidden, and he didn’t specify that if she guessed what I was on her own, that I couldn’t verify it.
But did I want her to? How could I explain that just because I was a Demon…I wasn’t that kind of Demon? It wouldn’t mean or make any sense to her anyway.
I then grinned to myself and he could only look at me with wonder and suspicion.
“By any means Cam`ael. That means however you typically engage in physical or ethereal contact with women, sexually.” Drakael clarified as if he read my mind.
“And if she offers herself to me first?” I smirked just to provoke him.
We both knew that more than likely… she would and he knew why. With my being a demon, I knew Drakael hated that I wasn’t cursed to look like a horned animal, a terrifying beast, or an abomination that many people assumed demons looked like. 
Truthfully, many of the dark fallen did resemble those things but I was an exception. Being beautiful and striking had truly been my curse and Elohim had his reasons for my own particular punishment.
“That is why you want to meet her in person. I knew it! I told Elohim but he has already made his decision.”
“Was it his to have you shadow me as well?”
“I have to go anyway. Shadowing you was an extra task I volunteered for.” Drakael replied smugly.
“How about volunteering to go with me to locate those divine chosen? I could use a decoy…or bait.” I offered with sarcasm and a smile.
Morning Star’s territory and domain is infested with negative, forbidding, vile, and evil energy, and millions upon millions of dark fallen in all forms swarming around— not to mention, of course, Morning Star himself. Drakael wouldn’t stand a split second of survival and he knew it too, which is why he said nothing. 
“I didn’t think so.” I flatly noted with a raised brow of mockery at his cowardice.
Though I was grateful for receiving permission, I didn’t understand why I couldn’t tell her what I was, let alone having to kill any divine ones myself first. If it was to test my loyalty and obedience, Elohim already knew he had that from me, so what was the point?
Well, past Drakael spying, I guess I had no problems with any of those conditions. After all, she still has her own free will and choices to make, too.
“So what are your restrictions?” I asked him with a nod of my head in his direction. I was irritated already but more with him because I didn’t need a background babysitter as if I possessed no self- control or discipline when it came to mortal women.
Well, I’ll give him that concern but the idea of it being Drakael of all angels had me seething.
“I am not allowed to reveal or offer a hint as to what you are. That is something she will have to realize and see on her own, which I doubt won’t take long given your… subtle and benevolent demeanor and attitude.” Drakael smiled confidently.
I exhaled sharp and slowly to audibly display my annoyance with him but it only made his grin widen.
“Maybe you should focus your energies and concerns on other divine chosen…you know either watching them die or be taken?” I quipped.
He shook his head in disapproval but I didn’t care.
This time he whipped out his pure white plumes in preparation to fly away without another word or comment regarding my last remark.
I frowned at him.
“You’d better make sure you don’t leave any of your stray feathers behind, and I mean that.” I pointed at him and then the ground.
“Are you sure you don’t want to keep any in remembrance?” Drakael smiled as his wings flapped, and then he began to slowly ascend into a hover.
“I still have plenty of my own.” 
Drakael chuckled. “Still obsessively the cleanest of them all, Cam`ael. I find that an amusing yet an honorable irony.” He commented.
Forget unleashing darkness unto him, needing to assuage myself by lunging for and beating the holier-than-thou shit out of him with my bare fists was maddening.
Just then, a growing, loud rustle and flapping of wings were swiftly approaching. I stiffened for a moment, my guard rising. I glanced out into the distance and recognized the signature, immediately relaxing.
“Are you sure you don’t want to stick around a bit longer?” I asked Drakael, with an impish grin of my own this time.
Brown-nosing coward, I thought to myself awaiting his action or response. Drakael’s eyes widened. He knew who it was too and he wasted no time flying away without a word, and leaving a rush of cool wind swirling briefly behind me.

V: Cam`ael

Closer the immense shadow grew as it made its way towards me. My eyes glowed, illuminating the distance several yards ahead and I saw Rahab gliding towards my dwelling. His bright, yellowish-orange eyes were aglow as well. He must have news; otherwise, he always waited for me to summon him first.
Rahab was an extremely large fallen one. His body was massive in girth. He was built with the bulk of several muscled beasts. He had been cursed with complete onyx flesh nearly from head to toe and his hands resembled that of a dragon, curved fingers with wicked sharp, obsidian talons that served as deadly weapons on their own, and sharpened needle-like teeth to match. His strength was unparalleled and he was fierce in battle, though not too bright, he remained both a loyal good friend and ally to me continually since the beginning. No one ever suspected him; he blended in physically among the worst of the dark fallen ones, which made him an excellent spy. 
I stepped back to allow him a wide berth. He landed in a crouch, giving the solid rock a slight tremble once he touched down. He remained down on one knee with his head bowed. The claws and fingers of both of his hands were caked with a fresh, thick, dark substance and he was sweating. I smelled blood…foul, rotten and putrid, and it instantly incensed me. 
“Lord Cam`ael, I bring news.” His said, his head still bowed before me. His voice was low and deep.
This I hated and I told him so repeatedly. It was hard to understand him now and then, hearing him speak through his teeth, and his voice rumbled like distant thunder at times so he could never quite whisper well.
“I told you about that, Rahab. I am no one’s lord.” I stated and I meant it. 
He looked up at me and grinned. “You are mine whether you like it or not. Humor me my friend. You still retain light, therefore, I don’t see you as any less.” He explained as he rose to his full height. I sighed and rolled my eyes. ‘Please ignore and forgive him Elohim, his words are not my idea or preference.’ I spoke an internal brief prayer.
“Is it okay to speak aloud?” he asked unsurely.
Though I glanced around and tuned in my supersonic hearing towards the distant horizon, the shadows in between, the ground below, and all around the mountainous areas where I made my domain, I heard nothing to give way to any hidden ears. I opted that we communicate telepathically anyway though, just in case, especially if Drakael remained hidden somewhere not far off, as I believed he would do.
“Keep the conversation safe when we speak of Morning Star and anything regarding our plans, just in case. There’s a lot of activity out there right now. Are you sure you weren’t watched or followed?” I relayed to him telepathically, while scanning the distance beyond. He turned to glance back at the view behind from where he had just come, then he shook his head no. “No, I am sure of it now but a few lesser servant demons did attempt to follow me a ways back, and I had to…I mean I…” He replied. His facial expression conveyed chagrin and frustration as he looked over his blood-caked, massive hands with talons splayed. I knew why he was apologetic. I cringed as some of the dark, foul blood that dripped from his hands fell and permeated the rock beneath his bulk. The rivulets left fissures of smoking, acrid tendrils behind since it could not withstand the elements within the rock, which consisted of light.
I needed to magickally scrub the ground around him with light, and not so much just because it was dark fallen blood either. Seeing filth, a mess, or disorganization of any kind was my biggest annoyance and pet peeve, it absolutely drove me insane.
He hung his head and stared down at the dark wisps curling upwards from the stones’ surface for a moment in sincere shame and regret. I held a hand up to stop him from having to continue to say it. Past the tell-tale signs and evidence, I already knew what he was about to confess to me.  
“We all have to do what we have to do.” 
He raised his head, straightening to his full seven-foot height, about two inches over mine.
“I was actually going to say that I apologize for not taking the time to clean up before meeting with you and leaving this mess.” He smiled mischievously.
   Though the thought of him leaving a mess, not to mention the vile blood of another dark fallen staining any part of my dwelling made me recoil internally with aberration, I could only shake my head and laugh at his candor.
“No apology necessary.” 
“I will clean it all up; I promise.” He said as he glanced around at the mess he hadn’t intended to make at his feet.
“Don’t worry I’ll take care of all of it.” 
 He hesitated and then nodded.
“There’s been a lot of preparations and celebration going on lately. Morning Star seems very sure of himself, or at least he seems to think he has a fool-proof plan. I heard a lot of whisperings, but they were all speaking in codes, so I couldn’t really get much information.” Rahab began to explain.
“I figured as much. Just don’t get yourself caught or killed my friend. I don’t want to lose you for any reason. If things become difficult and dangerous, backup if you know what I mean.” 
He nodded.
“I took the longest path here and some extra detours to make sure I was no longer being followed or watched.” 
I scanned the distance and horizon and listened to all sides again, just to make extra sure as did Rahab. There was no present threat because wide rivers of light feeding off of the Infinite waters and Eternal Lake crossed through all the living forests that surrounded my dwelling far below. The other dark fallen and shadows could not pass or touch anything here without my detection. If any beings that I didn’t recognize ventured too close, I could easily call upon the waters below and wipe them out of existence in the blink of an eye. 
I only allowed my closest comrades to pass and I knew of their arrival ahead of time. Those that didn’t know me wouldn’t dare to take the chance because I wouldn’t hesitate, and they never knew what, how, or from which direction I would be coming from until it was too late.
“What did Drakael want?” Rahab then snarled.
Rahab did not like Drakael at all for most of the same reasons that I didn’t. Drakael’s calm arrogance, and always speaking as if he were admonishing us no matter what the situation was had been the main reasoning. But we were allies working for the same cause, and if Elohim granted Drakael the permission to interact with and summon me then it was a good thing…for us, so I tolerated him for now.
I sighed.
“Nothing really, just an exchange of information— more so for me though.”
“Oh, well that is also what I bring too. Of course, you know she lives after all, that is a good thing.” He began.
I nodded with a half-smile.
“The group that summoned Baal is actually several, rock groups making up a music show. They’ve been putting up advertisements for a performance near the place where she attends school. Morning Star plans to influence and gather through the music and get humans to unknowingly walk into a portal leading to the spirit realm. There will be another open gateway at the concert that leads directly to his dominion. He’s been amassing an army of beings he’s created and calls dark divine to counter Elohim’s chosen, but the goal is to acquire the girl.” 
Dark divine warriors? So that was why he was kidnapping so many chosen before their deaths. He was either forcing by fear and pain or convincing by indulgence and greed to get them to choose darkness.
What was Morning Star planning? I could spend all daybreak and night trying to guess but feeling as if it were obvious and right in front of my face. He was far too clever and sneaky for even my assumptions. 
He always used humans to carry out his dirty work and this was no different but it certainly was elaborate. But now why does he want her so badly for himself, that he was willing to set up this plot, involve so many high-ranking demons, and take the time to train and control divine dark ones, only to risk himself of Elohim’s swift wrath and rage? 
Her value was beginning to intrigue me now.
She was of some great level of importance to both the side of dark and light and I wanted to find out why.
Both of us faced each other, still vocally silent but with serious expressions, and in deep thought regarding this new revelation that signified that we both were thinking the same things.
“What else have you heard about these dark warriors? Have you seen any of them there?” I then asked.
“No.” 
I sighed. The very one gift that Elohim made sure to give all humans of free will would be the one thing that allowed them to turn on him as well.
Since a divine chosen still had the privilege of choice, and if they opted for darkness, then they were worthy adversaries for the ones who chose light.
“This is worse than I thought my friend.” I said.
“I know but I will still stand against him with you and the others no matter what until the end of my existence.” Rahab assured.
I smiled and nodded at his loyalty.
“Do you have any idea where he might be training or housing them?” 
He apparently had them hidden in secret very well. No wonder he didn’t mind me taking the ones, or the few that had more than likely refused to choose darkness, I assumed. Then that only meant he must have a hell of a lot of dark divine ones to sacrifice all the ones that he allowed me to take so easily.
Rahab shook his head.
“None at all but I can ask around within our legion.” 
“Be very discreet about it. I’m sure Ry, and Nay won’t hesitate to help and back you up but do not mention her to them.” I replied.
Rahab nodded. 
I thought for a moment and I had a sudden not so good revelation.
Morning Star would not risk Elohim’s intervention or wrath in knowing this. The mortal realm was his to run and if those dark divines weren’t being housed and trained here there could only be one other place that he would hold them. He would eventually allow them to wreak havoc, or wait to battle against the divine chosen of light when the time of the end came.
“He’s got them hidden somewhere in the mortal realm among regular humans already. Think about it, how else could he deliver the money, power, and all the short-lived luxuries he's promised them without giving them a place to exercise it where it counts for now?”
That was why Drakael and probably a whole mass of other angels were being assigned into the mortal realm— to find and destroy them. Drakael knew this. There was no reason why he couldn’t tell me though.
Rahab’s eyes grew round and glowed more intensely.
“It’s possible then that he may be using them to seek out these divine chosen too. That’s how he’s been able to take so many so easily before their deaths. How could their side not realize this?” Rahab concluded.
“The time of reckoning and bloodshed will come, and all beings will have to be ready when it comes down to it or Earth becomes Morning Stars, and though he may be limited for a while, he won’t stop here. When is this concert?” I asked turning away to glance off into the distance towards the Dark lands.
“That is all I know, there was no mention of a date or anything else specific at least that I overheard. He was very careful to keep all that a secret.” He continued to report.
“I’m willing to bet where he will have many of his newly created dark warriors then, as a test phase. Care to take a bet on that friend?” 
“Where?” Rahab asked, sincerely clueless.
I looked at him for a moment with a wry expression,
“A mysterious new concert and musicians with the powers to summon Baal?" I raised brow.
“Oh right! Of course.” Rahab finally nodded.
Rahab was Rahab and I would never change him for anything.
“I want you to steer clear of his domain for a while. There is also the matter of some secret rogue group that’s been hunting her as well. I’m going to try to find out who is leading them and for what purpose, though I think I already may know why.” I told him.
   He nodded but his face hardened and he appeared disturbed by that news.
 “Hunting her too? But why her of all the other chosen do you think?” Rahab asked with surprise.
I thought for a moment, wanting to understand and know that myself. “I’m not sure yet, but she’s a unique one.” 
Rahab nodded, staring at me questioningly but in surprise as if he were trying to understand it too.
 “I want you, Ry, and Atiro to lead that search for information. I’m sure Ry will love a good fight but tell them not to act right away if they do discover anything until we’ve all met and devised a plan. We’ll designate a place and time to meet and discuss what we’ve found.” 
Rahab gave a quick curt nod. “My lord…” he then blurted out vocally, which broke his telepathic connection. I sighed heavily this time but I didn’t protest, it was pointless with him anyway.
“Yes, Rahab?” I maintained telepathically with pursed lips.
“Sorry. Do you plan to return to the mortal world again soon? I didn’t mean to overhear your conversation with him.” Rahab returned to our mental conversation with a sneer when referring to Drakael.
I nodded.
He looked expectantly at me. “Could I come and join you? I know the rules. I promise, I won’t do anything to draw attention. There is far too much going on and many others involved now. I’d rather you not go it alone, my friend.” 
“Rahab, you don’t have to ask my permission. You’re free to go anytime you please. I’m not going to interfere or keep Drakael and all the other angels from doing their assigned jobs and I don’t want any of you to either. If she is in danger then I’ll handle it myself but keep in mind that Drakael, the angels, this rogue legion, and spies for Morning Star won’t be far behind. There are going to be countless others, both human and non at this concert too, so be extremely cautious.” 
He grinned big. I had apparently made his day. Rahab loved the mortal world. “When do we pass through and which portal are we using?”  
“I’ll create a small, inconspicuous one for us, so I can quickly close it after we enter. I don’t want to waste time. You can wait for me here though. I’ll need to speak to Edanai first, and then Morning Star and when I return we’ll go.” I told him as I stepped off the ledge and descended nimbly below to the lower ledge, leading to the disguised opening of my dwelling.
I didn’t want to mention the request that I had been given to Rahab, let alone anyone else in my legion, including Edanai, being what it entailed. The quicker I finished this task of releasing those two divines, the sooner I could meet with Star— before this event, the possibility of any other dark fallen from getting to her, and before her death. It wasn't long since my last visit to Morning Star’s domain, so I had to think of a more clever reason other than simply wanting more women this time. Even he wouldn’t buy that from me so easily.

VI: Starling

The smell of burgers, sautéing onions, bread, briskly brewed coffee, espresso, and fresh baking cinnamon rolls, instantly hit my nose; making my stomach growl once we stepped inside of the quaint café.
Joel did well in choosing a breakfast spot. I’d never been here before.
The waitress led us to a corner booth next to window overlooking the main street downtown. A busy music store sat across the street and I wanted to check it out afterwards to kill some time.
The drive and being in Joel’s company alone was enough to ease my nerves. I temporarily forgot about the incident from earlier… until he asked me how it went. Except for being assaulted by a shadow, I plainly told him that I got an A on my paper, and that Professor Phillips has been simply concerned about my lack of attention lately. That seemed to be enough to satisfy him, so he didn’t press. I was grateful and appreciative of his concern.

Once we settled into the booth, I wriggled out of my hoodie jacket and brushed an ornery stray curl back towards my pony tail. I should have taken a moment to freshen up after what happened and I felt bad for not having done it, even though I knew Joel didn’t care what I looked like. 
“A friend recommended this place. I thought of you when I saw how big their coffee mugs were. They even cook mini sausage patties right into their huge pancakes, then literally drown it with hot syrup, just like you like them.” Joel gestured with his hands before he opened his menu. My eyes beamed and I grinned big at the mention of that. “Seriously? Oh yeah baby.” I nodded with an enthusiastic smile, flipping open and scanning my menu for said pancakes. 
“For an island girl, you sure eat like you’re from the country sometimes. I’ve never seen anyone eat pancakes like that and manage to stay at about a hundred pounds.” Joel joked.
I looked at him contrarily and laughed. “One hundred and fifteen, actually, and um… I haven’t seen any island since I was six. I think a whole lot of people must like sausage pancakes, too. It’s got three stars next to it on the menu here.” I replied, tapping the picture to point out while giving Joel a wry smirk.
“Ah, I stand corrected but you’ll always be a Caribbean girl to me, so order anything you want. I knew you’d like it here.” Joel smiled. 
“Aww, you know me best. This is my new favorite spot.” I told him after perusing all of the affordable entrée’s on the menu. 
He shrugged humbly with a goofy grin.   Though I tried not to dwell on what happened in Professor Phillips office, I couldn’t help but think of other possibilities. It had me wondering just how easily that shadow had been able to possess him, and how effortlessly it could take over and possess anyone else around me…like my friends, especially to get at me. Was everyone just as vulnerable and open to being taken over? Did religious beliefs keep them safe? What were Joel’s beliefs? What would I do if that ever happened to him? I couldn’t see myself doing anything to hurt him, even if I needed to defend myself but would I have a choice? Could I be possessed just as easily? 
 Those thoughts gave me chills, and a feeling of anxiety sat heavy like a lead ball in my chest. I eyed him while he scanned his menu. He was oblivious to my scrutiny of his facial expressions and eyes. When his eyes flicked up to meet mine, I quickly glanced down at my menu again, not wanting to explain why I was staring at and studying him with suspicious caution.
“Have you seen those flyers around campus, that concert coming up this weekend?” He suddenly asked.
“No, I hadn’t really looked. What kind of music is it, rock?”
He shook his head. “Not all of it but mostly. It’s a few local groups and lot of new bands, I think. You can’t beat five bucks with student ID though. I’m surprised China hasn’t mentioned it to you because I’m sure she’s gonna go.” He replied.
I raised a brow. “Five bucks, huh? Not bad but not really my genre of music, and I know China is going. She hasn’t said anything to me about it yet though. Speaking of, I wanna stop by that music store across the street before we leave unless you have somewhere to be afterwards.”
“Yeah me neither, but hey it’s a place to go and unwind and you could definitely use that … we both could. I’m free for the day, so whatever you wanna do.”
“So, are you going?” I then asked.
He shrugged a shoulder. “Sure, why not? I think you’d have a good time too, even if you don’t listen to rock.”
“Are you asking me to go with you? Like on a date or something on the sly?” I teased.
He grinned. “What? We’re not on one now?” He asked innocently.
I shook my head stifling a smile.
“You know, you look so different without your glasses.” I commented as the waitress returned, putting two glasses of ice water down in front of us.
I ordered the sausage pancakes with strawberries and a gargantuan chocolate caramel latte, and Joel ordered the starving student platter of steak and eggs. 
“Is that a good thing?” Joel asked playfully, picking up the conversation where we left off once she left.
“Definitely, not that you aren’t as adorable in them.”  
He chuckled. “Thanks, likewise. I mean that fact that you’re the only girl that I know, who can still manage to look beautiful with an untamed pony tail and lack of sleep—is quite a natural talent.” 
I eyed him and frowned. “Untamed?” I replied, smoothing my palm against my temples and hair line to push back any stray hairs that may have been sticking out. He smiled and winked. 
“Hey heads up, China wants to set up happy hour for us tonight.” I warned him. 
He chuckled. “I figured as much but I’m not gonna give you guys too much access to get wasted or anything, and as long as there is a designated driver in y’all’s group—I’ll see what I can do. A little cocktail for you might do you some good ‘cause you look like you’ve really needed some serious sleep lately. No offense.” He smiled. 
I sighed. The mention of the word sleep began to take its toll on me, and suddenly I could only envision my bed and pillow calling out to me in my mind.
“None taken but it’s easier said than done. China already scolded me about all of that. The thing is, the hospice called, needing me to come in early today and I wasn’t even thinking about it before I told her I’d be there.I won’t get the chance to go with them tonight anyway.” I told him.
“Just tell her you’ll take a rain check then. How’s that going anyway?” He then asked. “Again…easier said than done especially when it comes to China but I’ll consider that approach.” I sighed and leaned back, feeling truly relaxed more so than I have been in a long time.
 “The volunteering is great. I actually find being there therapeutic. Does that sound weird?” 
He shook his head no, “No; it sounds selfless and noble, and if that relaxes you then I’m all for it.”
“It does.” I affirmed. 
“Well, the guys planned some road trip next weekend but I’m not sure if I’m gonna go.” He announced. 
Joel roomed with three other guys at his apartment. He was an architectural engineering major and he definitely had the brains for it. I think that was the main part of him that attracted me, initially. He was good-looking and smart, and his sense of humor and compassion were additional major pluses for him. He worked part-time as a waiter at his Aunt's sushi bar and steakhouse, Zen to Five. It was one of mine and China’s favorite eateries since we never had to show ID’s for Sake.
Joel was a hard-worker and would be the perfect guy for any other girl. I had way too many issues that wouldn’t be fair to make him deal with. Besides, he had plenty of interested females after him all of the time, though I often wondered why he didn’t seem exclusive or just picked one of them.  I knew he wasn’t waiting for me. We made that clear already…I hoped.
“Why not? You just gave me a speech about R and R and it sounds like a good weekend.”
He shook his head. “Nah, I;ve got way too much to do. I’m already behind on two papers and my aunt needs me to work all week at the restaurant. There’s several big parties booked on Saturday alone.” He then said.
“Oh, well I can understand that. I’ve got a lot to do too.” I replied.
That was bull, past a few papers— I truthfully had nothing exciting or important to do.
“We should make a point to get together one night and see a movie or something then. I think we’re the last two people on campus who don’t seem to have enough sense to get out and enjoy ourselves once in a while.” He pointed out.
“Are you saying I’m a bore with no life?”
“Yes.” He chuckled.
I playfully kicked him under the table.
He dodged me, holding his palms up in playful surrender. “Hey, I am too.”
“Okay, so what, like next Saturday night?” I then asked.
He thought for a moment. 
“How about this Sunday instead? I’ll be working all next weekend. I’ll even order take out or something.” He offered.
“Sunday? On a school night?” I eyed him.
He laughed. “Girl please, quit acting like you have to check your calendar. How late you plan on staying over?” He waggled a brow and grinned mischievously.
I laughed and feigned insult. “Actually I do, and it all depends.” I began.
He looked at me questioningly with a smirk. “On what?” 
I smiled. “A grilled steak bento box from your aunt’s restaurant and you have a date.”
Though a flit of disappointment briefly flashed across his eyes, he smiled in agreement. “It’s on then.” He said.
“And I get to pick the movie.” 
“Little control freak. I forget sometimes, damn. Okay, well since I already know you aren’t into sappy chick flicks, fair enough.” He winked.
I shook my head with a half-smile. 

Breakfast was good, both the company and the food. I picked up two new CD’s that we listened to on the way back to the University— Adele and old-school Sade. 
Iron gray clouds began to loom in the distance, coming in from the south, and were highlighted by bluish veins of lightning every few minutes. The cool wind was picking 	up and the smell of damp earth lingered in the air.
I hated random thunderstorms, especially being out in it but this was the fall for you. 
It was going on one forty eight and I had just enough time to try to catch a quick hour-long nap before heading out to the hospice at three thirty. The crash was coming, and it was going to hit hard, I could feel it. The closer I got to my apartment and imagined my comfy bed, the more it began to weigh heavily on me physically.
China was busy in the kitchen preparing her tuna casserole lunch when I walked in. Her infamous scented candles were lit, masking our apartment in a sea mist aroma that actually made the entire room smell like the beach at sunset. 
“Hey, I was wondering where you were. How are you feeling?” She asked, looking up at me from the pan she had been stirring as I passed the kitchen, heading straight to my room. 
I groaned. “Ready to sleep. I have to head to the hospice in a little over an hour. 
Hey, Steve.”
 Steve held a hand of recognition up in a semi wave, fixated on something he was viewing on China’s laptop.
China raised both brows. “Huh? What happened to happy hour?” She whined.
I sighed and rubbed my temples before leaning out of my bedroom door to reply, “Sorry. I wasn’t thinking about it when I told Lenell I’d be there. Rain check?” I asked, trying out Joel’s suggestion. 
She pouted with a deflated look on her oval, porcelain face. “You need to sleep, Star.” She scolded with the cream covered spoonula pointed at me and her other hand on her hip. 
“I know and the longer I stand here listening to you whine, the less time I’ll get to do that. We’ll go tomorrow.” I teased to appease her. 
She moved to the edge of the bar, closer to my door, so we wouldn’t have to yell and she could still keep an eye the pan on the stovetop.
 “What time do you have to be there?” She asked. 
“Four.” I called over my shoulder. 
“How are you going to get any sleep in an hour?” 
“I just need a second wind and an hour is plenty of time.” I assured her. 
I sat on the edge of my bed after dumping my back pack and purse on the floor, and finally peeling out of my shoes and hoodie with a sigh of relief.
 She sighed. “Fine. Tomorrow night and if I have to drag you there myself, kicking and screaming from wherever you are, I will.” She called out. 
“Okay, okay.”  I called back, taking her threat seriously— she would do it, too. 
“Are you sure you should be going anywhere tonight though? I mean, you need to sleep and the weather report said thunderstorms. I don’t like the idea of you driving tired and all.” 
“I’ll be fine.” I yawned.
 My thick, plush pillow and comforter screamed ‘jump me’ but first, a nice, hot shower, I decided. I gathered my robe, jammies, and shower items and then made a beeline for the bathroom.

China and Steve were perched in front of the television, already eating and watching some action movie when I stepped out of the bathroom, feeling refreshed and even more ready to sleep. 
“You're sure you don’t want any casserole? It’s really good.” She asked holding up a forkful of creamy goo. 
I scrunched up my face. “Not hungry, thanks.” 
“What time you want me to wake you up?” 
“I’ll set my alarm.” I replied.
 I entered my room and closed the door behind me. Alone at last.
 I was way too tired to think about my dream last night and everything that happened earlier, even though it really bothered me.

~~~***~~~

I didn’t even catch what had been sitting on my bedside table earlier as pulled my sheets back, prepared to slide into bed. I moved closer to inspect the two new curious items.  A book and a sample box of Ambien sleeping pills, both courtesy of China no doubt, were sitting right next to my bedside lamp. 
I picked up the book entitled: ‘Survivor Guilt: Ways to Cope and Flourish after the Grief’. More than likely she had slipped them in when I was showering, I guessed, because I didn’t see them when I entered my room the first time. I picked up the book with a sigh and turned to head for my bedroom door.
China was already standing there with a sheepish grin on her face, as if she had been expecting me to either thank or chew her out for leaving me something like this when I saw it.
“Really?” I said, leaning against the door jamb and holding the book up in one hand and my other arm crossed over my middle.
“Well…I was at the bookstore earlier and I just happened to pass by the self-help section, so naturally I thought of you. I figured that if anything— it might be useful. The sample has five Ambien’s in it, take one tonight.” She explained innocently, like a child that had possibly done a bad thing.
I couldn’t be mad at her. She meant well. I knew she was only trying to help because she cared but I just wished that she would understand that what I had gone through wasn’t what was bothering me.
“China, I do not have survivor guilt or whatever this book is talking about. I appreciate it but I’m fine. It’s nothing that a little or a lot of sleep won’t cure and as a matter of fact; I will use one of those Ambien’s later tonight, okay?”
 She worriedly bit her lip and a smile crept across her face, her expression changing to both happy and then satisfied.
She threw her arms around me and pulled me in for a meaningful hug.
“That’s all I ask though I still think you need to stay home tonight.” She whispered into my curls.
“Yeah, I would if I didn’t think you guys would waking the dead later on.” I said once we pulled apart.
She gasped in playful surprise. “Oh come on, Star. Don’t worry we’ll keep it quiet for you. Sleep sweet.” She laughed.
And with that, I tossed the book onto my already disarrayed dresser, set my cell phone to wake me at three, and fell into bed. 


Looking at the coming storm clouds and the sound of thunder rolling and cracking in the distance, I was beginning to think that maybe China had been right in suggesting I should stay home. By the time I reached the 45 46 bypass, after exiting off of state road 37, the sky had darkened considerably. That was fast.
 The clouds looked almost black, swollen with pressure and leaving heavy humidity thick in the air. It magnified the strong scent of the usual allergens that typically made my nose itch and burn this time of year. I sniffed and my eyes watered. I think still being sleepy had something to do with it but the coffee China made to take with me helped a little. 
   Thunder boomed again, lighting up the whole sky. Finally, fat random drops of rain began to pelt and spatter my windshield. I flicked on my wipers immediately. 
I was relieved that I had managed to beat the coming torrential downpour, once I pulled into the parking lot of Serenity Lake Hospice. It had begun to rain sporadically on the way in but the major stuff hadn’t hit just yet. 
The Hospice was a white and pastel blue colored, stone edifice that was purposefully designed to resemble more of a large, three-story house, rather than a square industrial hospital. It sat alone on a few acres all its own amid hills and meadows overlooking a man-made lake behind it, which gave credence to its name. I was fortunate enough to be able to get in and work with such an amazing group of people. This was definitely a field that you had to have a knack for and want to do. 
I believed that all hospice workers and volunteers were truly angels in doing what they did for the patients who were placed here to live and rest out their final moments. Being among them was my personal tribute and homage to my grandmother but mostly for my parents, who I wasn't able to be with in their final hours. It pained me not knowing and always wondering how and where they died, but I guess— at least knowing that they were together made it a less bitter pill of heartache and grief to swallow.
I wasted no time parking, gathering my tote bag and purse, and briskly heading inside. The pleasant fragrance lingering in the air was soothing, and I was grateful for the calm quiet that the lobby and front living area offered. The inside mimicked the subdued muted pastels of the outside making it appear bright, open, and inviting. The steady drone of the heater and soft voices in the background filtered throughout the hallways.
Rodney, the security guard, sat at his usual post reading the paper with a cup of coffee and half eaten salmon bagel sitting on the counter in front of him. He was an older, soft- natured guy in his late fifties. In some ways, he reminded me of what my dad might have looked like once his hair began graying.
“Hey there, Rodney,” I waved as I passed him.
He crinkled the newspaper down and peered over it, instantly smiling. “Well hey there young lady, how have you been?” He asked.
I stopped to chat with him for a moment.
 “I’m good, how about you?” 
He sat up with a playful grunt. “Can’t complain.” He winked.
I smiled. “Yeah, same here.” 
“How’s school going?”
“Eh, it’s going, I’m just trying to keep up.” I joked.
He laughed heartily. “You’re highly capable kiddo. You could teach that school a thing or two if you ask me.” He smiled.
I returned the smile with a wave as I continued on past him, down the short corridor, and towards the front-desk area. The employee lounge was located behind the main desk where Lenell usually sat.
Lenell was talking to a nurse who didn’t look familiar to me when I walked up to the main nurses’ station. In front of the nurse, an extremely old, tawny-skinned black woman slumped in her wheelchair. She wore an orange sherbet colored plush robe and mismatch house slippers and socks. Her head, dotted with sparse white afro puffs, hung low, and her chin practically rested on her chest, as if she were peacefully sleeping. 
Lenell handed the nurse a clipboard and two white sample cups that I knew contained the woman’s meds. They both turned to look at me as I scanned my badge across the security plate to get into the employee entrance and came around to meet them. I was greeted with bright smiles—Lenell’s being the bigger of the two.
“There she is, looking pretty as always. How are you doin' baby?” She asked. 
Lenell was a large framed black woman in her mid-forties. She always had a smile on her round face, and wasted no time becoming my surrogate grandmother when she took me under her wing to train when I started here. She was an attractive woman with an equally beautiful personality to match. No one could help but be put in a good mood around her because her spirit, and her words were always positive and uplifting.
“One day at a time. I’m alright. How are you, Ms. Lenell?” I returned the greeting and joined her behind the desk. 
“Yes, Lord, amen. I've been running a little ragged but I am doing great. Thank you for coming in early at the last minute honey, I know I can always depend on you.” She gave me a warm, sincere hug. I was lost in the softness of her bosom and I instantly felt comforted as if I were a small child.
“You’re welcome.” I gave her hand an endearing squeeze. 
“This is Erin. She’s filling in for Marsha but she usually works the morning shift. Erin, this is my adopted grand baby, Star.” She introduced me to the nurse who was tending the tiny, frail woman in the wheelchair. Erin looked to be middle-aged with blonde hair, gray eyes, and soft laugh lines around her eyes and mouth.
 “Nice to meet you.” I smiled. 
She smiled. “It’s nice finally meeting you, too. You go to the University at Bloomington, right? Lenell talks about you all the time.”
I nodded. 
“Smart one this one, she’s gifted and blessed.” Lenell added, making me blush. 
“I’ve heard. What are you majoring in, sweetie?”  Erin asked. 
I hesitated.
 “Literature and the arts, for now.” I shrugged, never really sure how to answer that when people asked because I had no idea what I was going for any more.
“Oh wow, okay. Well, it’s good to meet you Star, thank you for coming in early and helping out.” Erin smiled again.
“No problem.” I replied.
Just then the woman in the wheelchair slowly lifted her head as if it were a painful act. She had either been awake after all, or our small chit-chat had disturbed her. Hearing us talking, I supposed she was curious to see who I was. She was really old. Her light-brown face held a smattering of small, dark-brown freckles under her eyes, and her skin was a wrinkled grayish brown. Her mouth was a thin dry line, and there were tiny patches of what used to be her eyebrows sitting over her drooping eyes, like sparse, white quote marks. 
She looked at me for a moment and then her eyes went wide in surprise. Her thin mouth and her jaw began to move as if she were chewing or swishing water around. Lenell and Erin both looked at her and then at me with equal surprise.
“Ms. Hawthorne, this is Star. She’s one of our best staff members but she’s a volunteer in the evenings, which is why you don’t see her during the day.” Lenell spoke to the woman softly. The woman didn’t respond and it seemed as if she didn’t even hear Lenell speak. I was getting a little creeped out myself with the way she kept looking at me, so I casually pretended to flip through a sheaf of papers, just to have something to do other than stand here and be studied. 
“Ms. Hawthorne has been here for about week now. She doesn’t speak,” Lenell whispered to me. 
I figured her arrival had to have been recent, since I didn’t recall ever seeing her before today. 
“She hasn’t spoken in over six years according to her chart. Relatives said something happened the year before that essentially affected her mentally, and since then she hasn’t uttered a word to anyone about anything.” Erin went on to inform in a hushed tone.
I took it all to mean that Ms. Hawthorne was more than likely hard of hearing since they had no problems speaking about her issues in front of her. As for reading lips, she may have just been trying to do that. I looked at the elderly woman with curiosity for a moment after hearing that. 
“What happened?” I asked softly, feeling a bit guilty for talking about Ms. Hawthorne as if she wasn’t sitting right here.
Erin shrugged. “No one knows since she doesn’t talk. Her granddaughter thinks it may be some form of dementia or Alzheimer’s even though those tests came back negative.” She whispered.
“Well, she’s due for her meds and a nap,” Lenell then said speaking to Erin.
“Right. See you around later, Star.” Erin said to me.
“Okay.” I smiled.
Erin balanced the sample cups with meds on the clipboard and continued to wheel the old woman in the chair down the hall, making a left at the end of the corridor and disappearing.
“Well, now that was a first for her, recognition like that. The way she looked at you—it was like she knew you or something. Usually she only stares into space quietly like she’s seeing something else that we can’t.” Lenell said.
 I don’t know why I shivered involuntarily when she said that. No, that wasn’t true…I knew exactly why I had that immediate reaction.
“She really hasn’t spoken a word in six years, to anyone?” I asked incredulously.
Lenell shook her head no slowly, “As far as I know. At least, that’s what I was told.” She replied.
“It must have been something really traumatic. What’s her illness?” I whispered, thinking back to the incident in Professor Phillips office.
“Probably, ain’t no telling, although she does seem very paranoid and jumpy sometimes when we leave her by herself. She’s got pancreatic cancer and hasn’t taken too well to the side effects of the treatments. It’s terminal, so we keep her on a steady dose of painkillers and nausea medication for now. I can’t even imagine the pain she’s endured, bless her soul.” She clucked her tongue and shook her head.
I nodded in sympathy for Ms. Hawthorne too. Thunder rumbled low and macabre-like in the distance as a sudden reminder of the heavier rains to come.
“It’s supposed to be storming all evening, so I don’t wanna keep you too long,” Lenell said, pulling out some charts and reviewing something on the computer.
I rubbed her shoulder. “Yeah, you and my roommate both. A little rain never hurt anyone.”
Immediately, after that comment, lighting flashed and illuminated the entire set of windows along the back living area walls. It was like a large burst from a camera flash and then thunder boomed loudly, practically rattling the windows. Lenell squeaked and we both jumped with a start. 
She put a hand to her ample bosom and chuckled. “Lordy Jesus, boy I tell you no matter what age you are, thunder is still scary.” 
We both agreed and then laughed. 
It scared me too. 
A young couple emerged with one of the head social workers from one of the rooms to the right side of the corridor, next to the front admissions' desk. They talked quietly among themselves while I began going over my to-do-list, after retrieving a supply cart from the supply room. Since I wasn’t a certified medical social worker or nurse, though I still wore the standard issued light pastel blue scrubs with the smiley sunshine faces and butterflies, my duties were limited. 
I basically answered phones, occasionally filed paperwork, stocking extra supplies like blankets, pillows, and bedpans, and prepared aromatherapy sessions. Most of the time, I sat with patients to keep them company or simply read to them. That was the part I really enjoyed and found meaningful no matter who it was and I had many regular patients who requested that I come to visit them frequently. It was hard at first, being with a person for so long, even if you knew their time was limited, and then coming in one day to find that they were no longer living. Even so, I knew that at least I helped to make their last days or even moments, peaceful, and that they weren’t alone when it happened. 
Stocking was typically done first, so I began organizing, gathering, and loading up all the supplies needed for each specific room according to the list on the portable push cart.
 Thunder continued to crack both high and low, reaching crescendos that I could feel in my chest, like the sharp treble and deep baseline to a heavy-duty hip-hop or rap tune. Random flashes lit up the corridor through the tall, ceiling to floor, Victorian-style, single-paned windows. Evening and the rain clouds made it appear super dark outside sooner than normal at only five p.m. Maybe that’s why what I saw caught my attention out of my periphery. Dark storm clouds typically blotted out the moon and stars…so what were those glittery sparkles streaking across the darkened sky in the distance? Fireworks? Comets?
I stopped for a moment, cupping my hands on either side of my eyes to peer out and watch the distant, darkened sky a bit longer. Sure enough, several more shot downwards, some leaving arcs of long, fiery, reddish trails of sparkles behind that had to have been seen by the entire city.
It instantly made me think of something extraterrestrial and then I thought of my dream last night. I continued to watch until there were no more. The sky remained just as dark as it had been until more cracks of lightning lit up the mass of blackness all around.
I finally blew it off, supposing it was maybe the effects of the lightning electrocuting something and creating sparks but deep down, I think I knew better.
I started with the first room at the end of the hall. Finishing up distributing the last remaining toiletries from the cart, I looked up to see Erin scurrying towards me from across the living area, holding a small note in her hand and a pleasant smile on her face.
I paused with a set of pillows under my arm, awaiting her approach. 
“There you are.” She whispered once she reached me. Her face beamed.
“What’s going on?”
“Do you remember what we told you about Ms. Hawthorne’s condition, about her not speaking a word for the last several years?” She went on with raised brows that wrinkled her forehead.
I nodded. “She spoke?”
“No, not quite but she wrote this,” She said as she opened up the piece of paper that she held in her hand.
I peered at it, seeing the uneven, shaky scrawl written in black ink and tried to decipher it.
I think it said: ‘Plese have the girl star vist me.’
She had misspelled the word ‘Please’ and left the ‘I’ out of visit but it was still a meaningful note that could be understood. I raised a brow and looked at Erin who smiled warmly.
“I think she means you.” 
“Are you sure she means me?” 
“You’re the only Star here, and given the way that she looked at you earlier, I’m pretty sure.” Erin replied. “She’s never made an attempt to communicate in any way until today. She motioned for my clipboard when I got her settled into her bed but it took me a moment to figure out what she wanted, and a little longer for her to write this.” She went on to explain.
I was surprised, myself.
Why would she want to see me?
“Should I go now?” I asked, placing the pillow that I held under my arm back onto the supply cart.
Erin nodded enthusiastically. “Sure, I’ve got this. Go on.” She motioned with a nod of her head in the direction of Ms. Hawthorne’s room. 
“What should I say or take with me?
“Wait and see what she says or writes. I left the clipboard with some paper and the pen with her. If you need me or it seems like she’s behaving erratically or in pain, buzz one of us right away. I mean if she wants to talk and she wants to talk to you, I think it’ll be good for her because she doesn’t get many visitors except for two great grandchildren every now and then.”
“Oh, okay.” I nodded as I turned to head back the opposite way and making a left towards Ms. Hawthorne’s room.
I knocked softly first before slowly opening the door. I didn’t expect her to tell me to come in.
I stepped into the dim room silently. The only source of light coming from the bedside table lamp. It smelled like cough drops and cherry cleanser, with a hint of some perfumed talc or powder.
There were several vases of flowers on a buffet-style table along with a carafe of water, a cup, and a number of books including a blue Bible. A recliner sat next to her bed on the window side.
Another flash of lightning lit up the room and the steady patter of raindrops began to fall faster, creating soft ticks against the glass.
“Hi there.” I whispered softly with a smile as I closed the door behind me.
Ms. Hawthorne was sitting up in her bed. Her frail form was almost childlike in the bed. Her gown barely hung on her thin shoulders.
She looked expectant with wide eyes but her expression didn’t really change much. The clipboard and pen lay on the bedside table next to her. She watched me and her eyes held affection, as if I had been a long-lost friend or even one of her own great grandchildren. I moved to sit in the recliner next to her.
“Erin told me that you asked to see me?” I asked, feeling weird that she wasn’t going to speak or answer back.
I studied her facial expressions in case she was dependent upon her mouth and eyes for communication. She was smiling, I think.
“How are you? Is there anything I can get for you?” I patiently searched her face for some sign of a response or reaction.
Her eyes rested on me for a long moment before she reached out a single, bony finger and pointed to the stack of books on the buffet table under the window.
I followed her direction and got up, moving over to the table and retrieving the whole stack… assuming she wanted me to read something to her. With books in hand, I sat back down and rested them on my lap.
“Just stop me and point to the one you want me to read you when you see it.” I told her, holding up the first one.
It was a book of some kind of Healing Inspirational Stories. She didn’t respond, still watching me with her wrinkle-lidded eyes. I set the book aside and picked up the next one.
“Okay, um…Chicken soup for the Soul?” I held up the colorful book.
She still didn’t move or speak.
Moving on, the next book was a poetry book but more spiritual in context. The cover depicted a woman and a small child walking together near a lake next to a set of footprints. She was already pointing at it before I even held it up, so I returned the rest of the stack, sat back down, and opened the book. I skimming briefly through the index before figuring I’d just start with page one.
Coupled with the sound of the rain and rolling thunder, she may just end up falling asleep pretty quickly.  The more I read, the more tired I was becoming all over again and I still had the drive back to the apartment ahead of me.
Ms. Hawthorne remained quiet and attentive, fixated on my face the entire time I read.
After reading through five poems, she still hadn’t uttered a sound, written down anything, or fell asleep…though she tended to blink slowly as if she were trying to fight it.
 I continued to read, enjoying some of the poems so much that I hadn’t realized that I was nearly halfway through the book. When I yawned and finally looked up from the tenth poem, I realized that she had finally fallen asleep.
 I watched for the slow rise and fall of her chest, just to make sure she was still alive. 
She was. 
I stifled another yawn and gently closing the book. Standing to put it back on the buffet table…I saw it in the far corner of the room. A black shadow was slinking down the wall from the ceiling like grim ink, molding itself into the corner, and forming a cloud that seemed to be bubbling as it began to take shape. I tensed in shock and absolute paralyzed horror that it was even here at all because there was no denying that it came for me. 
It was just a feeling that I had. 
The book slid from my hands and I didn’t even hear it hit the floor. I nearly screamed and jumped, feeling a thin, skeletal hand suddenly clutch my forearm forcefully, though the grip was weak. I was a breath away from reacting violently in defensive reflex until I realized that it was Ms. Hawthorne’s hand and she was wide awake now. Her soft, brown eyes were wide and glassy, filled with pleading fear and she was trembling.
Her lips quivered and she seemed to struggle to form words, straining and forcing her vocal cords to make sounds.
“Y…y-you s-s…s-see it too?” She rasped in a hiss of a whisper that shocked the hell out of me. Not only was she speaking— she was seeing the shadow, too.
It took me a moment to answer her, too busy keeping my eyes on the shifting shadow mass that seemed to be growing in size by the minute. 
“Y-you c-c-can s-s-see it, can’t you?” She breathed more insistently again. Her words were still very broken and choppy, given her long unused vocal cords, but I understood her.
I nodded with wide, serious eyes.
“I knew y-you c-could…I s-s-see you…yo ora… Is k-k-keeping him fr…f-rom comin’ too close.” She then uttered.
My eyes snapped to her in surprise. My ora? Does she mean my aura? 
“He been followin’ me fo’ a long…t-time He…a s-s-scary…one. He show his self to me… long ‘go…h-h-he …a…ugly sp…spirit ‘thang.” She gasped for breath. Her fear was overpowering her speech as if she might go completely mute once again at any second.
Was this why she hadn’t been able to speak for so long? But how did she know it was the same shadow? To me, it was simply a dark mass of mist and there was nothing distinguishable in it. Then again, she said it had been following her for years, so she would know better than I would, even if I could see it too.
I’ve always read and been told that seeing the face of angels or demons  would render a human being insane, and that no one could handle seeing the face of God himself and be able to walk away. Seeing that much glory was too much. Our brains didn’t possess the comprehension or capacity to accept or tolerate its magnificence.
Society often deemed those people crazy or insane when the truth was that— yes, they were but was it because they could see things most other people can’t? 
My answer to that was, yes.
That was exactly why society and the ones who couldn’t see or hear these shadows and other-worldly beings, labeled us as nothing more than lunatics, touched, or insane. So then maybe I was demented too. 
No. 
Ms. Hawthorne was proof that I wasn’t crazy or dreaming…or was I?
I was too scared to speak, let alone comprehend anything. Panicked, my brain was firing off a flurry of signals that my muscles and body had no idea how to comprehend, or when to respond.
Maybe this was another dream. Yea, that’s it! I’m still safe at my apartment, tucked beneath my comforter and sleeping soundly.
“It’s ‘fraid of …you,” She breathed in a tremulous breath. Her eyes were as wide as saucers when she tightened her grip on my arm.
That struck a meaningful chord in me. It was the same thing that my grandmother always told me when we were stranded on our rooftop.
“Then I won’t let him get you. Just pray and don’t stop no matter what it does.” I stated through clenched teeth and resolve as I stared down the ever growing shadow that seemed to cower a bit at my words, much to my surprise.
For a brief second, there appeared to be two eye sockets beginning to take form inside the dark cloud. Its strengthening presence was starting to make my stomach quiver with chilling repugnance.
I heard Ms. Hawthorne begin to murmur incoherent words, and though the shadow reeled and seemed agitated, it still began to grow in size. My next instant reaction was to reach over and press the nurse call button in order to get more bodies in here, so I leapt up and practically dove for the attached bedside remote—just barely short of reaching it before lightning flashed brightly once again. 
Suddenly, we were both draped in pitch, silent blackness.

VII: Cam’ael

I knew Edanai would put up an argument about not wanting me to go. The last time she pouted like this it was over my frequenting Morning Star’s domain, but she knew why I went, why all the others went. It was a place of self-indulgence where every sin and pleasure that befell the fallen, myself included, was available in abundance and never-ending without judgment or rebuke…but not without some sort of price.
I was no longer perfect, which meant that no matter how hard I fought against it, I was a slave to my own sins and desires. I didn’t know how to stop, and I wasn’t entirely sure that I even wanted to.
I love women, beautiful human women. I love admiring them, touching them, their scent, the texture of their flesh, kissing them, and most of all— how they felt on the inside. The amount of pleasure that they are able to physically experience, hold, and endure, only added to my extreme deviant craving and lust. 
I had to be extra cautious though. I didn’t dare to be careless when it came to all of my activities. Sex and penetration for me never meant actual traditional physical contact. We as male demons are both virile and potent. The overpopulation of moronic half breeds and imps attested to that fact, and no one wanted another ‘Great flood’ level of punishment anytime soon over any ‘accidents’ or simple stupidity. However, now, I don’t think that would even matter anymore. 
Edanai and I had once been close companions. That was a long-time ago though we remain close friends now. We still cared for one another having gone through much in our existences. I didn’t tell her the real reason that I wanted to visit the human realm once again so soon. She’d find out eventually.
Edanai had just finished cutting my dark brown-hair for me. I wanted more of a modern style for the duration of being in the human world, something different from how I usually wore it, which was all one length down to the tops of my shoulders in loose waves. I could’ve easily morphed it with magick myself and so could Edanai but I know that she enjoyed the closeness of physically pampering and touching me this way. 
I had to admit that I did too. 
She stepped back to admire her work after swiping a few cut strands from my shoulder with a big smile, her amethyst eyes sparkling like gems. “Damn Cam`ael, I didn’t think you could get any sexier even though I’m going to miss the hair,” She commented.
“It won’t take long at all to grow back,” I assured her.
“Well, if I didn’t know any better, I’d say you weren’t going into the human world to simply spy on shadows that are moving in and out of that new portal. They could care less what your hair looks like.” She accused playfully.
I gave a devious smirk. “It’s all part of my strategy.”
She pursed her lips, not believing me. “Right. If you weren’t taking Rahab, I’d argue you down until you changed your mind. There’s no telling what the limits of Morning Star will be, especially now. I’ve heard recent things around here and in the human realm, so you and Rahab had better be careful.”

I smiled at her concern. “We always are. Morning Star would be a fool to think anyone other than those he created or enticed are working solely with him. Are you saying that I can’t handle this alone?” I said pretending to be affronted.
“No, but it does have me concerned when he’s employed his top-ranking arch demons to assist and they’ve all suddenly decided to band together." She replied.
“Don’t be concerned. When it all comes down to it, he needs me more than any other high-ranking arch demon in this realm. I’m the last one he wants to piss off or alienate, believe me,” I told her as I headed towards my sleeping chamber.
Yes, angels and demons slept, or rested as we called it, but it isn’t the same type of sleeping that mortals do. It was a period of meditation and renewal.
She followed me. “I know that but we need you too. You know what could end up happening if any of this spills over into the human world right now…” She trailed off.
“Give me a break, it already has. How many times has it spilled over throughout the millennia’s though? It’s been his own damned fault for not controlling his minions better, and since he won’t do it, I have to on my terms.” I cut her off as I flipped through some of my battle clothing in order to choose something to put on.
I had a large assortment of leather breastplates, vambraces, torso shields, pants, boots, and gauntlets. I always like to don something protective whenever I paid a visit to Morning Star’s realm. You never entered his dominion without some sort of armor, magick, and a good weapon at the ready.
I didn’t want to tell her about what Rahab and I discussed on our theories about the dark divine ones that Morning Star has been covertly maintaining and recruiting, until it was confirmed.
I heard her sigh softly.
“He is in full control right now, though.” She commented.
“Full control doesn’t necessarily mean he’ll get his way this time. Rahab is going to wait for me here. I’ll be back. If anything important should come up, inform Ryziel and Macai and they’ll contact me.” I said, dressing quickly in a dark, hard-leather breastplate, and black leather hide boots, which were the same material that my black-fitted pants were made from.
Edanai crossed her arms over her chest. “And why can’t I just contact you directly?” she asked, raising a dark arched brow.
“Because I may be busy at the moment.” I replied hastily as I moved past her.
“Cam`ael…” Edanai blurted just as I entered the open corridor that extended from my bed chamber.
I turned around to see her tanned, heart-shaped face tighten. Her expression was laced with concern and something else.
“What?”
“Just be careful.” She sighed with a smile, though I was sure that wasn’t what she wanted to say.
“Stop worrying.” I told her, giving her a quick kiss on the forehead through her jet black bangs.
“I don’t worry about you but if you’re not back here in three-day breaks, at least to check in then I’m coming after you.” She said as she chewed her lip in exasperation.
“Threat taken.” I chuckled.

~~~***~~~

Though I took part in and enjoyed the bountiful debauchery readily available within the walls of this domain of darkness, I hated being remotely anywhere in this place for too long. The atmosphere and aura all around me reeked and riled with foul smut, raw evil, pure hate, and the lowest forms of human life energies known to the universe. The streets were made up of both mortal and immortal bones and teeth.
It literally made my own skin crawl and it disgusted me that I was labeled in any kind of association with these dark fallen and their lord, Morning Star.
His domain was immense. It spanned across thousands of acres of black sanded Dead Lands, complete with separate chambers that were all grand in design and in the shape of three dimensional, sky-high, polished onyx pyramids. There were hundreds of them but within his personal kingdom, there were a total of six. They all surrounding one elaborate and distinct one that rose above and dominated all of the others in height. 
It was fit for a king and it housed Morning Star’s personal quarters at the very top floor. Each of the smaller pyramids were homes to his highest ranking arch-demons and they each sustained their own slaves, lesser demons, imps, voids, and human servants. 
Ammon had the worst of the dangerous demons in his legion, the voids. Voids had no bodies, emotions, or substance of their own, so they’re able to acquire and mimic any human in form and voice. They were the ones that were always used to lure, hunt, and gather unsuspecting humans with deceit and trickery. However, their putrid odors always gave them away to those of us who knew better and were sensitive to it. 
There were several mini pyramids dotted around the areas, which housed prisons, sex and defecation arenas, murder, dismembering and torture chambers, and numerous conjuring galleries. They all served as direct connections to the human realm, like a PA system, as well as housing for some of the higher demons and soldiers. 
The shadows were shapeless masses of evil and negative energies, constantly slinking around in the dark lands and in between the pyramids— awaiting orders, spying, and using humans as puppets for their own amusements. 
They needed no physical dwelling, actual food for sustenance, or bodies because they fed on souls and negative energy like parasites.
Black beasts and hellhounds, which were huge lion-like, three-headed mutant dogs, were just as fierce and diabolical as they appeared to be. They maintained that reputation by feasting on and maiming damned humans while they were still alive. 
There were myriads of diabolical evil pets and creatures that were kept in a large zoo-like facility. There, they were bred and raised specifically for hunting, entertainment, and sometimes food by Morning Star’s army. Every single being here were considered foul and vicious— created by using a combination of the darkest magicks, corrupt flesh, stolen and damned souls, and auras. Some of the beasts were used to stand watch among each pyramid community, like sentry gargoyles but they were mostly used to keep the human slaves in check and from escaping. 
Yes, humans could still escape back into the mortal realm— pending they could even find the portals to do so, but then again, those people never returned the same anyway.
It was always dismal here, ranging in shades of perpetual murky grays and black at nightfall, to orange- red and purple hues during the daybreaks. Nothing ever grew naturally, especially of the earth. There was no real sun, rain, or vegetation. The dark fallen and demons here didn’t need those things. They ate souls and people, keeping them harvested by forcing them to breed among each other, which meant that there was never a shortage of bodies to sacrifice, play with, use, and eat. 

The tortured cries and screams were vividly louder here. It fed this place, keeping its energy alive with all sorts of horrors and atrocities involving men, women, children, and even infants. This was the place that literally brought sorrow to me, which is why I never hung around longer than to satisfy my own needs. Edanai completely detested this place and avoided it altogether, as well as the majority in my legion, unless it was necessary to our cause. 
I was grateful for the light that I still had within. I used to revel in taking part of some of the activities planned for the mortal realm, but I never took part in the specifically blasphemous and heinous level atrocities—those truly sickened me. 
Even as a classified Demon…I had my limits. 
The things I did participate in, which had been the most fun for me back then, was to look for, listen in on, and tag those humans in the mortal realm who had just lost a loved one to death. Afterwards, we would watch the voids take on the image of that person to make the living think that they were seeing their ghosts in order to further play on their grief and psyche’s. It was like our own version of reality shows.
‘Haunting’ places, throwing strange lights and orbs, and even making sounds to make people believe in lingering ghosts and paranormal activity had been fun for me, too. I remember breaking up marriages and families by temptation or deception at just the right moment— because all demons do is watch, listen, wait, destroy, and then move onto the next victims after either soaking up or getting a good laugh at the despair and pain left behind. My most favorite had been the teasing of the ones who swore to possess powers or psychic abilities or called themselves prophets of Elohim, claiming to speak in tongues. Most of the time it was simply a dark shadow taking them over, or speaking through them to the masses by playing on the darkest fears that lie buried deep within their souls and minds. Ridiculing false prophets into thinking they were actually saying something of holy importance had been the most hilarious. 
We used to have a ball with those games, and luckily for us, there are far too many gullible humans and charlatans that the sources of humor, fun, and games were never in shortage. 
It took a long time for me but I moved way past all of that vile behavior a very long time ago.
I never want Star to see this place or to know of my participation in any of it, even if it was a long time ago. I would go to the ends of the earth to keep her out of here even after she became a divine warrior.
I didn’t want to move through the rest of the foul garbage, slime, leeches, siphons, and idiots meandering through the grounds below, so I toyed with the idea of just ghosting directly into Morning Stars chambers. I knew that may have been suicidal though.
  I hated being anywhere around him directly. His own aura and energy were so wicked, infallibly dark, and evil that it literally permeated the air and those around him with a tangible, vile ichor that was almost impossible to get rid of if at all, as it worked to consume and taint.
Rahab was right. Looking around I could see that some sort of a celebration was about to take place. The main square was decorated with illuminated blood infused lamps and gold chains. Streamers made from dyed intestines, adorned and painted balloons and statues made from thinly shaved, human skin and hollowed out human skulls, decorated shops and the sides of the streets. There were many ‘food vendors’ preparing their stands with signs that read: fresh eyeball soup - all colors, tongue, cured hearts and kidneys, and both charred and filleted penis jerky…that one actually made me cringe and look away with antipathy and discomfort.
Demons and their minions casually crawled, skittered, and strolled along the bone and teeth cobbled streets with their human slaves, whom they walked like pets on leashes. All of which, were either naked with some sort of exposed raw wound, wounds derived from being beaten repetitively, or missing limbs. They were purposefully blindfolded and bound by spiked, harnessed collars.

The higher arch demons were decked out in their most formal attire, made from dyed and leatherized human flesh and hair. Groups of child imps were doing some sort of a dance routine to disturbing music, waving colored flaming sticks of sulfur, and using still living but horribly dismembered and disfigured smaller beasts and hybrid human children as props. It was all a disparaging sight to witness, which was why I never ventured around these streets for this reason. 
I was instantly recognized by many of the lesser demons but they refused to make eye contact with me as they grunted and scurried by, watching from afar. Some of the higher arch demonesses were calling my name but I ignored them too. Even if I weren’t on business during this trip, the craving for human women was always the strongest for me behind these walls, contrary to the filth of the female demons here and they knew it. I would have to bathe simply after walking through these streets alone.
 I finally chose to glide a few inches above the ground, so that even my boots wouldn’t be soiled by the powerful decay beneath them. I saw several in my legion scattered about and doing their typical surveillance in gathering more information to be discussed later when we all met. 
Many of my acquaintances blended in perfectly with the other dark ones, coming in all shapes, sizes, talents, and powers. They did well in paying me no attention or even making eye contact as to give way to any notion that we were familiar with each other at all, let alone were in the same legion.
There were far too many wards and security measures at the base of Morning Star’s quarters. Though I would be able to get through without conflict, I didn’t want to waste my time continuing on through this sludge. He had a number of safeguards in place but he knew my signature, and since I was a regular, he was never surprised to see me when I materialized. Normally, he would know I was coming before I even ghosted in, and I was sure that he was already being told of my arrival once I began to ascend to the level of his chambers.
I knew that had been the case since I easily managed to bypass the first seven layers of dark and powerful wards that he surrounded himself with. He let those guards down himself but that didn’t mean he still wasn’t surrounded by some of his most dangerous arch demon soldiers.
 He was allowing me in without questions or suspicion. Perhaps Drakael had been semi- correct in that he trusted me…or maybe this was an ambush. Either way, the one thing any being in this realm knew as a rule was never let your guard slip around Morning Star or any of his minions, especially in his territory.
I wasn’t surprised to see several couples, all naked, minus the leashes, gags, and other devices meant for sadistic penetration. Some were men with teenage girls, some were women with women, and there were unfledged men with men, all engaged in some sort of deviant sexual play or act while he sat on his throne and dined. His meal consisted of what looked to have been a human thigh, roasted and dressed to simulate a lamb shank. Though it was presented in an attempt to make it seem appetizing, it sickened me. I instantly sensed that his closest commanders were hidden in the shadows all around his grand room with its high pointed cathedral-like ceiling.
I wondered where he moved the two divine ones he had in here the other day. They had been tied up, blindfolded, and locked in large birdcages that hung from beams across the upper walls. What did he do with them since I’d last been here? Did they finally submit to him? I wouldn’t ask, not outright anyway, as I began to formulate some sort of plan of action to get to them. I simply hoped I wasn’t too late if this was the only task I had the opportunity to complete in order to be able to meet Star.
It was funny. Just as no human has ever seen Elohim’s face, let alone any of the angels or demons in their true forms in plain sight, none of them have seen Morning Star either. I think that if any human actually did…all the preconceived ideas that they’ve maintained or have always had would be completely thrown out of the window and stun them all.  
Though he can morph into, and has smelled of an unkempt one many times before, he didn’t resemble anything remotely close to a horned beast or a goa—texcept for his pupils. Even those he could shift at will in order to deceive. They were elongated sideways and sometimes his entire eyeballs were complete black onyx marbles, glinting with wicked malevolence. 
All I can say, is that no human would ever know the true face of Morning Star even if he was looking straight at them on the streets in the mortal realm.
That has always been his advantage.
 He was the master and originator of the lie and all things deceitful, after all. He spoke before I even had a chance to materialize completely into physical flesh. His voice was deep, rich, dripping with darkness and iniquity so strong, that I had witnessed just the mere sound of his voice and words alone causing demons that he admonished to start bleeding black, viscous blood from their eyes and ears. 
He was evil in its purest form. 
He set down his silver wine goblet without even looking at me, continuing to eat and watch his performing pets with a look of boredom. The couples engaging in the throes of the sexual acts didn’t stop at my arrival either, but the females and some of the males instantly took notice of me with wanton invitations. I ignored and moved past them to join him at his table without having been invited.
He didn’t even look at me but that didn’t mean anything.
 “Back for more so soon, Cam`ael? You really need to cease your random unannounced entrances into my personal chambers. It may get you killed one day.” He spoke first in a paltry tone, still watching each couple in a way that made me think he was probably deciding on which one or ones to murder in the sickest way possible after this show. Morning Star always spoke low and soft but it was just a ruse. 
His tone didn’t match his persona, let alone who he was, what he looked like, and what he was capable of. 
“Since when have I ever announced my arrival?” I said, pulling in my wings.  
 It was then that he finally turned to face me with a smirk. “Just don’t say I never warned you. But since you have made yourself a guest at my dining table, how about some succulent human flesh? It’s been slow roasted to perfection and quite delicious, tender and sweet actually. I think she may have been a runner or weightlifter. I’ll have my chef ask her when he takes the other leg at another time. I’m sure Rahab would be envious.” He grinned. 
I gave him a wry look of exasperation and disgust.  
Morning Star and his demons didn’t consume regular mortal blood, eat, defile, and wear human skin because they liked it. They did it because it was forbidden and blasphemous to Elohim and they took joy in that. He took my expression exactly as I had meant it and the smug look on his face slowly faded.
“It isn’t disrespectful enough that you return at your leisure uninvited. Now you mock my graciousness in offering you the best of my food? You’re lucky that I happen to be in a relaxed mood.” He then said with an annoyed expression.
I pursed my lips.
“Some sort of festival about to happen out there?” I asked with a nod towards the window overlooking the main square.
He grinned proudly. “Something like that. B.Y.O.S, bring your own slave or slaves. Are you joining us?” He raised a brow.
“What’s the occasion?”
There was a dark glint in his eyes when he replied, “There’s always an occasion here. We’ve just pulled in a dozen young, beautiful human women too, and I’m willing to let you have first dibs if you like since you’ve returned. I’m going to breed the others.” 
I scanned the room, noting every sound, movement, shadow, smell, entrance, and opening while trying not to seem obvious. Then I sat down in the large gold gilded throne across from him at the table.
“I’ll think about it. I’m here because I want to talk to you. Alone.” I stated firmly.
He eyed me for a moment, in thought but making no apparent moves or suggestion to cease the orgy in progress and clear them out. The scent of sweaty human flesh and their sexual fluids was overbearing, hanging cloying and coppery in the air. I found all the panting, grunts, squeals, cries, and screams as exasperating and annoying as hearing a deceptive priest recite a useless exorcism passage, complete with self-proclaimed holy water right about now.
“You tread on thin ground right now, Cam`ael. If you were not one of my favorites, I would have destroyed you myself a long time ago.” He then said.
 “And we both know that if you could, you would have.” I challenged. Morning Star did not like being sassed or being threatened by any being and I knew that, so I tensed and waited for his immediate retaliation, whether it would be physical or verbal. He was good at that. 
His face, his body language and his reflex actions, never conveyed what he was actually thinking or planning. He could strike with a smile on his face and not necessarily right away either. He eyed me with loathing while his mouth slowly worked to finish chewing the last bite of the leg he had taken. 
I continued to meet his so-called intimidating gaze, undaunted, while leaning back with elbows resting on each arm of the chair casually. 
I didn’t want to give way to any of my plans or thoughts via my expression in the momentary silence between us.
“Take them and leave us promptly.” He suddenly sneered, not taking his eyes off of me. In that instant, the show was over and the shuffle of his guards moving in to chain the performers began. They forcefully led them out of the room and purportedly back to their prisons. 
Once they were all gone and the heavy obsidian door to his chambers was closed, he shot me a sardonic look. “Happy?”
 “I’d be happier if you could banish that nauseating concoction of human funk, too.” I then requested, referring to the strong odor of sweat and semen left behind. He looked at me incredulously as if unable to believe my nerve but he obliged anyway, and the air suddenly took on an instantly neutral, fresher scent. 
“This had better be of fucking importance, Cam`ael,” He warned calmly, leaning back in his chair. “What is it that you wish to speak to me about or should I guess? I like the haircut by the way. Is it Edanai’s work? Is that the new hip trend in the mortal realm or what? How is she anyway?” He began to engage me with casual conversation as if we were two friends simply having lunch.
I waited, craning my head and scanning the room carefully once again. 
Exhale with impatience I asked, “What are you afraid of?” 
He eyed me carefully and then laughed softly. “My apologies. I guess you are serious after all.” He said before turning his head towards the direction where I had detected his guards.
“Leave us.” He stated firmly.
With his order, the two large demons who had melded into the shadows behind him dissipated into a black, oily vapor and were gone. I paused once again, listening and scenting the air before finally speaking. 
“Where are the two prized divine ornaments you had here the other day?” 
He paused and squinted his flat aqua blue colored eyes at me and his pupils began to slowly elongate vertically, like those of a cat. 
“Why, are you interested in making a purchase or trade? Are you finally starting a collection of your own?” He inquired, taking a sip of wine.
I smirked. “If I wanted some of my own, I would have them.” 
He laughed. “I’ve always wondered about that. You do realize that the light you possess would allow you to mate with a divine one right? You and your offspring could rule this earth as rightful kings after the fall of the human race…alongside me and mine of course. How could you not want that?” He seemed perplexed. 
I raised a brow. “We’ve had this discussion before and my response and intent remains the same. Do we really need another Nephilim repeat and the consequences thereafter?” I asked.
He laughed again. “You humor me well, Cam`ael. I’m sure you could take one of your own at any time, though I sincerely hope it isn’t the same one that I’ve had my particular sights set upon as of late.”
I knew he would already know what happened and where I had just been in the human realm. We both stared each other down for a moment, the other trying to read past the other ones true veneer. 
“Which one would that be?” I played clueless.
He studied me and then smirked but he didn’t answer the question.
“Take me for anything but a fool, Cam’ael and show me the same consideration that I do you. I may be many things, and I have been, but an ass isn’t one of them.” He warned. 
I laughed genuinely this time, unwavering in my own gaze upon him. “No, your minions have been doing that for you.”  
He raised a single, thick, dark eyebrow and leaned forward with his elbows on the table. “If you have something to say to me, then say it. Remember, unlike the one you still give allegiance foolishly to and serve— I have no patience.” His tone was low in warning, and he made sure to pierce me directly with his dark glare as if I’d cower.
 His pupils began to shift back to their usual goat like slits. I challenged his gaze with an intense one of my own to let him know that I wasn’t anything like his cowardly minions and soldiers and that I meant business.
“Well, that’s not entirely true. Look how long you’ve waited and how many times you’ve failed at trying to acquire some sort of sovereign status of your own. That’s a hell of a lot of patience in my book,” I grinned. 
The corner of his mouth and his left eye twitched, and then his jaw began to work as he narrowed his gaze. I could feel thick heat begin to rise in the room. 
I knew that insulting him wasn’t in my best interest right now but I couldn’t help it. I hated his guts.
I decided to interject before he could do or say anything in order to smooth my insult over. “That was actually a compliment, believe it or not. Anyway, I wondered if she'd be worth the price of the two you recently acquired.” 
His demeanor shifted instantly and this time, he smiled and leaned back in his chair once again. His lackadaisical posture didn’t fool me. I was prepared for anything that he would unleash unexpectedly, and he would soon without a doubt.
“She who?” He asked cunningly.
“You already know who. What is it that you’re trying to do anyway?” I replied.
He looked at me inquisitively. “Do? I should be asking you that, shouldn’t I?” He replied with an innocent expression followed by an accusing look.
“Nothing is hidden from you. You know what I know as well as the angels. They’re all watching now. If you don’t get a handle on those shadow servants of yours, you’re going to ignite a new war with his son, the angels, and divine warriors before it has even begun as it was supposed to be. If you continue to break rules in the process— you may not win no matter what.”  
As I predicted, Rahab and I may have been correct. He didn’t seem alarmed or fazed at all by that possible outcome. He was some confident bastard, I’ll give him that much.
He took another long drink, set the wine goblet back down, and then paused for effect.
Then he finally spoke. “And as long as none of their blood has been spilled, no true laws have been broken. I have no qualms or fears of retribution. You, on the other hand, have always been a being of your word, which is one of the things I am not ashamed to admit, that I’ve admired about you. Though I at no time thought you to deceive— let alone led you to believe that you could at any time deceive me, I do understand your dual dilemma, Cam`ael. The wee bit of light remaining in you gives you somewhat of a conscience, so I guess I can’t completely blame you, and though you will never admit it to me, I know what it is that you truly desire.” He went on to say, grinning complacently.
“You have no idea what I desire.” I flatly replied.
He chuckled with a patronizing nod. “I know what all men desire. I’ve proven it time and time again and the outcome is always the same. We as immortal beings, male or female are no different.”
I ignored him with a loud sigh.
“I want to make a deal or a trade. Two for the price of one. I can get the one you really want for you faster and easier than you or your servants can, and you know it.” I proposed.
His perfect face morphed into surprise and then seriousness as the dark energy in his eyes attempted to infiltrate mine. I steeled myself mentally against his power and remained poker faced. 
He finally rose from his chair with his hands clasped behind his back, still keeping me in his sights as he moved towards the wide window, overlooking his kingdom. His wings hadn’t been out when he was sitting. Now they were, though they were folded in. Unlike the ones in my legion and among other fallen, his no longer resembled actual angelic wings at all. They were hard, fully black, and leathery like those of a bat.
Now that was something to hide and be ashamed of, I thought as he paced the large room. He began to speak, “You know, Cam`ael, though you have apparently forgotten, I haven’t. I gave you shelter and allowed you to remain in my established kingdom after you were newly cast out for your disobedience, without judgment, punishment, or rebuke— for nearly a thousand years. And now, this is the way you choose to repay my graciousness?” He eyed me with mistrust to make his point but continued on, “I have a total of five hundred and twenty divine chosen in my possession. All of whom I’ve managed to acquire without your assistance. Six hundred and twelve if I had not allowed you to set some free, and don’t think that I don’t know about those. If they weren’t expendable to me, you would have not succeeded or been alive to try again.
He could wipe me out any time he so desires but he has allowed me to do what I do because I have been right all along about mankind, their undeserving gift of free will, and their imperfections. I plan to utilize that advantage of the promise that earth will once again be ours to rightfully claim. The remaining humans that have been saved will be sent elsewhere and when they fail him yet again, that world will also become ours. What is so wrong about taking what he is giving to us? We were the original divine and chosen ones before at one point. Never forget that if anything.” He went on to say.
So, he allowed me to take them because they would not submit and choose darkness. I had been right.
 He could have done things to them to render them insane or even killed them instead but deep down, I know that he would not risk instant swift and blinding destruction. There were many ways to kill mortals without bloodshed and divine chosen were no different, so if he didn’t bother to do it, then there was a damned good reason.
If he was expecting a thanks or gratitude for his so-called graciousness—then he’ll be waiting for a hell of a long time. To think he took or benefited nothing from my presence in his kingdom— would be foolish on my part.
 I paused and thought for a moment. I didn’t know why Elohim wanted me to kill these two in particular myself, contrary to simply delivering them to his arch angels like all of the others in the past. 
I honestly didn’t want to be the one to do it.
I inhaled and sighed slowly. “The two you have just taken, they're both novices and you obviously have no use for them, now do you?” I finally pointed out to him.
“I wouldn’t have taken them if I didn’t. The young one is a virgin and I know how much you love those—then again, so is the one you that wish to trade them for. Those go for high prices here and extremely higher being a divine chosen, too. Your trade doesn’t make sense to me unless you’ve developed a desire to lie down with young men now.” He simpered at me.
As much as I wanted to lash out and destroy him where he stood, I was not allowed to do it, so I had to play up to him. My jaw was tense. My teeth were clenched in incomplete animosity simply being in his presence. 
“Is that why you want her so much? Because you obviously see and know that I do as well? You already have a divine chosen virgin and many more in your prisons. I’m sure there are many more out there too,” I gestured with ire towards the window and referring to the mortal realm. 
Morning Star turned to face me with a smirk and an eye of suspicion as he began to pace back towards the table. This time, I got up not wanting to be sitting or too close to him at this moment.
I met him halfway and we faced each other, eye to eye, standing at nearly the same height with me being slightly taller than him. 
“I’ll bring her to you but I get to keep her with me, and I’ll impregnate her for you up to six offspring in exchange for those two. But after that, she belongs solely to me. In the meantime, call your pets and servants off before they do something else asinine. Do we have a deal?” I proposed.
If the deal hadn’t totally been in his favor, he wouldn’t buy it or bite. Whether or not he would hear me or still paid attention, I said a silent prayer to Elohim anyway to assure him that I had no intentions of following through with what I offered Morning Star. Morning Star actually beamed in surprise as a victorious smile slowly split his face in revelry. “Belongs to you? Tell me Cam`ael, why do you seem so interested in this one yourself?” He wasn’t going to give in so easily. 
“I have my own preferences just as you have yours. We can sit here and go back and forth with this for a day while wasting three in mortal realm time but since we both don’t know when she will die aside from it being very soon, I suggest that you take my offer as it stands or I will kill her myself to ensure that you could never get your hands on her at all.” 
I told him matter-of-factly and that was all he was going to get from me. 
 Unaffected by my threat, he took his time to reply. “And when Elohim destroys you for doing so, what will have been your purpose?”
“If I can keep her away from you while she is still mortal, then I need no other purpose.”  I told him bluntly. 
Though there was obvious consternation on his face as he considered that for a moment, I knew it was nothing he hadn’t realized already long ago. He frowned and sucked in a breath, displaying just how agitated he was with me even though he knew I had him by the balls.
“Are you challenging me? You know better than to speak words and make threats you have no intentions of following through with. You can’t lie to me…I invented the lie, Cam`ael or did you forget that?” 
I pursed my lips to keep from laughing out loud. “No, I always keep that in mind.” 
He sat back down across from me and studied me again, as if trying to read my mind past what was coming out of my mouth. 
However, he wasn’t that damned powerful.
He inhaled slowly once again as if he were contemplating my offer.
“You know, Cam`ael, as much as you’d like to believe or pretend that you aren’t a demon, or by some strange notion claim to be different from any of us here, let me remind you how frequently you tend to partake in the many pleasures that I offer at no cost in comparison to even my own arch demons. The games that you’ve played and the lives you’ve helped to destroy of all those supposedly innocent mortals you favor for centuries, all still count against you. And now that you’ve become some self-professed renegade, suddenly you’re better than me? Than all of us here? Why, because you still retain light in you?” He sneered and leaned forward threateningly to drive home his point.
I preferred to remain standing now. 
“He allows you light but refuses to communicate with you. That is who you give your loyalty to as well as the rest of those laughable, gullible, and doomed humans of his mortal world but I’m the cruel one? Don’t hate me for allowing people to indulge in the pleasures that he gave them to enjoy and the free will to choose it on top of that! He gave us all free will and then punishes and condemns us for exercising it. That’s the cruelest bullshit of all if you ask me and you know it. Nothing, and I mean nothing…will ever change the fact that beneath your flesh, no matter how attractive you are to women— you are still just a demon,” He made sure to define each of his points and then he began to smile pleasantly, “However, I find your denial and your other quirks very amusing, so I’m going to call your bluff and play your game.” His tone dripped with derision and it instantly flared rage in me to hear him speak.
Morning Star was notorious for his long-winded soliloquies. I believed that he just liked to hear himself talk most of the time. 
I flashed a confident smirk, “And what I find amusing is that you were created first, held in the utmost highest regard and glory above all of us, favored with both grace and love, and now…you are the most shunned, vile, disgusting, rebuked, and hated being in the entire universe by just about every living thing with a brain to reason. You are doomed to your own personal hell with loathing of yourself for having the brilliant idea that you could ever be greater than or equal to the one who created you in the first place.” I finished.
That wiped the smile entirely from his face and then his eyes went utterly flat black this time, his face twisting into a scowl of anger and disgust.
Heat and the crackle of power began to rise and permeate the room, so I readied myself.
“If it is war you want with me personally, Cam`ael, just give the word. Jealousy is an ugly thing to harbor.” He said as he slowly rose out of his throne and stood again.  Then, his face switched instantly back to the calm demeanor that he displayed when I had first arrived.
Morning Star was the poster child of a true violent, schizophrenic, and bipolar being here in the spirit realm. I’d be shocked if he didn’t create those conditions in the mortal world himself or by virtue of his bad behaving voids and shadows.
“You’d know that better than any of us ever would.” I replied coolly.
He sidled towards the opposite side of the room with hands behind his back once again.
I watched him closely this time.
“At some point, you will return groveling to me and beg to join my alliances. I’ll wait for that day because nothing else will give me the most satisfaction and pleasure. . .” He trailed off and then turned back to face me.
“Than to destroy you with my own hands—but not before I’ve made you watch me defile and kill her slowly, divine warrior or not, right in front of you. And to show you how sure I am of this ending and of myself, I’m going to give you exactly what you came to ask for. I will even call off my servants for now since you think it will matter.” He finished with certitude.
Then he moved back towards me, making me tense, readying myself for a physical attack. I covertly pulled forth a bit of light from within to the surface.
“Your biggest mistake was allowing me to know just how much you obviously want her. That’s what happens when you give into the weaknesses of humanity that I spit on. You have the nerve to bite the hand that’s been feeding your sins free of charge but I forgive you Cam`ael, for now. You will find what you came for at the entrance of the first level, and I expect to have what I want and what you promised me in return within two daybreaks and not a moment longer. I want to be there to witness the conception of my firstborn and just remember…you don’t have to draw blood in order to cause excruciating, long-lasting, and extreme physical pain. Trust me.” He pointed at me with a grimace. His young face contorting with elated, wicked deviance.
I wanted to rip the smile right off of his repulsive face. “I know. Your long-winded speech proved just that.” I quipped defiantly.
He merely laughed but there was absolutely no humor in it whatsoever— it was almost maniacal.
He was right though, that admission had been my stupid mistake. His spies have been no doubt, relaying the details of my every move in the mortal realm in the last few day breaks apparently, and now I wouldn’t put anything past him.
“Wanting something has nothing to do with attaching any kind of sentiment to it. You’ve never learned any of your lessons.” I commented.
“Then why bother wanting it at all?” He replied with a quaint shrug of one shoulder.
“You tell me? She must really mean something to you for you to go through all of this trouble.” I proposed, hoping to get him to slip and give away some of his plans for either, her or the army of dark divine that I now believed that he was no doubt amassing.
“I’ve learned many lessons, Cam`ael. The most important one is always knowing when I’m being fed bullshit.” He countered.
It took everything I had to bite my tongue.
The best weapon against Morning Star was silence, to say nothing at all. He was notoriously known to retain and remember everything and then use it against you in the most negative, vindictive, destructive, and spiteful way no matter who you were or what it was.

VIII: Starling

Sweat dampened my forehead and cold rivulets ran down the length of my back, chilling me to the bone. I was afraid of complete darkness and something told me that this was way more than the weather and a simple power failure to blame. Ms. Hawthorne was keening in a low wail in between her prayers. Her bony fingers were still digging into my skin but harder now, and it made me wince. 
Then, the shadow moved. 
It was even more visible to my naked eye in total darkness. As weird as it sounds— shadows are more prominent in pitch black than in the light, at least to me they were. I fumbled and fingered the area around where I thought the call remote was mounted in frantic desperation.
The lights flickered once, and then finally stayed on but for how long, I had no idea. I didn’t want to risk being caught in the dark again. My heart raced as my eyes darted around anxiously from the ceiling to the floor. I had to pry her fingers gently from my forearm so that I could reluctantly crouch down on all fours and peer under the bed, just to be sure.
The very act scared the crap out of me but I toughed it out. The space under the bed was clear and so far, there was no longer any trace of the shadow in the room. When I stood up again, I felt the sudden urge to back away from Ms. Hawthorne, who had gone motionless and quiet for a few moments. There was still a slight quiver of fear beneath her soft keening though. When she looked at me her eyes were wet with tears. There was still light in them and speaking of, I finally spied the call button, which hadn’t been that far out of reach from my fingers to begin with.
“I think we did it, it’s gone.” I breathed, standing straighter and giving the entire room a once over again. I tried to console and calm her down but it wasn’t working. She was insistent that danger still loomed by virtue of the frozen terror on her face.
She fervently shook her head, no. “No! He s-s-still ‘round…don’t let ‘im take me…” Her voice quavered and her eyes rolled towards and stopped on the door.
Reluctantly and very much creeped out myself, I followed her gaze anyway. 
There was nothing there but I know that if she was still feeling its presence then I believed her. I swallowed hard and frantically pressed the call nurse button. 
Just then a soft ding followed by a static pop sounded, and Lenell’s voice came over the Hospice intercom: “To all staff and patients, we are experiencing a temporary power outage due to the storm. Please remain calm. The back-up generator seems to be acting up but it is being worked on. In the meantime, we don’t want to risk anyone getting hurt. We have flashlights to distribute at the front desk as well if anyone can and wants to pick one up now. If the power goes off again though, stay where you are for your safety and await further instructions. Thank you.” 
I breathed a sigh of relief. “Okay, I’m gonna go get a flashlight. I pressed the button so Erin or someone else should be here soon.” I soothed.
 Ms. Hawthorne still didn’t seem convinced that all was okay. The expression on her small, wrinkled face still boldly held fright.
 “Don’t worry, I’ll be right back.” I told her with a comforting pat and then adjusted the blankets around her. 
“No, don’t leave me chil’…please!” she whined in genuine fear. 
I couldn’t leave her alone. 
I understood her fear all too well. What if the power went out again and I couldn’t find my way back to her in time? 
“Okay, I’ll wait with you, until…” 
Someone knocked and then opened the door. I was so relieved to see Erin or anyone else for that matter. I sighed and managed a weak smile to mask my own momentary unease. “We’re okay. I’m gonna go grab a flashlight.” I announced, walking past her and towards the door. She nodded but she didn’t answer. 
I slow jogged down the hallway, making my way back to the front desk where Lenell had set out two rows of industrial mag light flashlights. The rain continued to pound down on the roof harder and thunder boomed louder.
 No one was at the front desk but I heard Lenell’s voice from behind the supply closet door, which was wide open. She was probably talking to Rodney or maintenance but when I saw Erin emerge from the stairway of the second floor—I froze and paled, instantly feeling my stomach fall to the floor. 
I hadn’t seen her pass me back down the hallway just now… and I just left Ms. Hawthorne’s room when she walked in. Come to think of it…Erin didn’t even comment on hearing Ms. Hawthorne speak. I know she had to have heard her yelling. Confusion left me paralyzed for a moment as I watched Erin head down the opposite hallway with a flashlight. Then, I turned back to glance down the corridor where I had just come from Ms. Hawthorne’s room. 
I don’t know why it even took me this long to make the connection and realize that what I was seeing didn’t add up. Why was I wasting time even trying to make sense of it? I wasn’t hallucinating. I had pretty close to twenty-twenty vision, so why wouldn’t my feet move? 
Because I was petrified. That’s why.
 I didn’t know what was back there now, and I really didn’t want to see it let alone face it. I had no idea what I should do but do know that I couldn’t leave her by herself, especially after what just happened.
 Oh shit! 
I snatched a flashlight in hand, wasting no more time with irrational thoughts and fear… at least for my own well-being anyway. I turned and dashed back down the corridor towards Ms. Hawthorne’s room.
The power suddenly clicked out again, plummeting me back into darkness and throwing odd and menacing shadows all along the walls. It slowed me down to a near stop just as I had reached her door, practically sliding past it with my shoes squeaking against the tiles. 
My heart thundered in my chest, and my muscles were over-wrought with tension but adrenaline pushed me on. 
I heard Ms. Hawthorne pleading and praying again. I couldn’t waste any more time. I slammed against the door, pushing against it with my shoulder. It strangely wouldn’t budge. I took several steps back so that I to take a running kick at it, and I had to do it repeatedly until it finally flew open upon last impact. 
Why had it been so difficult to open at all? 
I was instantly met with more darkness and a foul odor slammed into me like a brick wall. Something solid with, floating, glowing red eyes shoved and knocked me backwards, hard. 
One minute I was in the doorway and the next, I smashed full force into the opposite wall of the corridor, feeling something pop in my neck and my back. I winced at the sharp jolt of pain, gasping for the breath that had nearly been completely knocked out of me. My legs went limp on their own and I slid down the wall. 
I strained to see into the pitch blackness that was barely illuminated by random flashes of lightning in front of me, but then a brief flash outlined what rendered me almost mute with horror. 
It was a hulking beast of a shadow with broad shoulders. It’s eyes burned with and deadly intent. Its mass was more solid black than the darkness around it. I could feel the foul heat and energy emanating from the dense form it took bearing down over me like a crushing ball of negative energy.
 I was going to throw up. It towered above me, reaching out to grab me by my shirt and lifting me up as if I were nothing more than a rag doll, my feet no longer touching the floor. 
A familiar image flashed in my head just then— my dream last night. I was in the exact position as in the dream, only this was a shadow demon— not a dark angel. Regardless, the threat and fear remained the same in my mind and this no longer felt like a dream. In my fear and panic, I didn’t even think, I simply reacted with a surprising burst of instinct, survival, and rage, hearing Ms. Hawthorne crying in the background.
I slammed the flashlight into the shadows' face, feeling it instantly connect but not without jarring my wrist and elbow from the impact. I bit my lip to stifle a scream. This shadow demon was real and firm enough for me to hurt myself from the recoil. It didn’t even flinch, so I doubted that my effort did any good or damage. It definitely ticked him off though.
 I didn’t even see its fist come up and I surely wasn’t expecting the excruciating, nearly blinding explosion of pain that rocked my entire face and head, making my teeth rattle. I literally went flying; skidding wildly down the slick floor of the corridor like a skee-ball, on my back, in the direction of the living area near the front desk.
Despite the unexpected assault and my momentum, I managed to force myself into a sideways roll to gain some sort of leverage in order to stop myself. I tasted bile in the back of my throat and the coppery sweet tang of blood began to fill my mouth. Stars burst and flickered behind my eyelids and the pain in my face and my head was so intense, I was already wavering on the edge of unconsciousness. I coughed, winced, and groaned, trying to regain my senses. I spat out a glob of blood and gagged with an automatic urge to heave and vomit. 
A sudden blinding spark of bright light made me pinch my eyes shut and turn away. Lightning? I wasn’t so sure. But then, the oncoming shadow was gone.
Where the hell was everyone else? 
“Don’t you fuck this up!” I heard a low hiss from the other side of me. I couldn’t see from who or where the voice was coming from. My stomach twisted and churned, not only from the blow to my face but because the smell of decay and sulphur was so rank, it assaulted all five of my senses at once. I opened my eyes and looked up just as another flash of lightning lit up the corridor. Two more shadow demons were running towards me swiftly. The closer they got, the more I could make out that they were completely different one from the first. The bigger demon had eyes that glowed orange and it bore the head of a boar mounted on a bulging body, kind of like 'Thing' from the Marvel Comics. The smaller one beside him took on the physical shape of a female with stringy, floating hair.
“Quickly, and do not strike her!” She hissed, sounding like a talking snake. 
No! Where were they trying to take me? When was I gonna wake up from yet another incredibly realistic dream? I began to half crab-walk, half-slide backwards but I hadn’t been fast enough. The boar-headed one grabbed my foot and began to drag me across the floor. I was forcefully being pulled across the hall and back towards the front entrance doors. I screamed and kicked, arms outstretched in the opposite direction with my palms to the floor, wishing I could grab onto something but I couldn’t see a damned thing. Even if I had long nails there was nothing to dig into.
I prayed and prayed for the lights to come back on, soon. The front doors burst open on their own, the rush of the rain falling in the background against the darkness like a million needles against the light of the streetlamps in the parking lot. 
“Keep it up and I’ll simply break it!” The boar headed-one jeered in a gruff and grating voice as he struggled with my attempts to break free from his hold. 
“No blood! Pick her up, you moron!” The female one fussed sharply. I continued to fight and resist, actually managing to wiggle my foot part way out of my black-and-white, all-star Chuck Taylor’s.
My teeth pierced through my already throbbing and swollen lip in my attempt to suppress the sharp scream that burned in the back of my throat. Instead, it came out as more of a straining whine. 
I kicked even harder despite the pain, in survival mode now. With relief, I felt my shoe begin to loosen and finally my foot slid painfully out of it. My ankle throbbed angrily and once I was free, I wasted no time rolling over prone and crawling military style back towards the living area as fast as I could with elbows on a slick floor.
I felt the diabolical hands around my ankles once more but this time I kicked furiously, ignoring the intense pain even as I was dragged across the floor again. Choking a mouth full of blood, I tried to scream this time but in the next instant, something else happened. The demon’s grip spontaneously fell loose, causing my leg to come down hard and making me cry out.
A white, serpentine light wrapped around its entire black form, illuminating it as well as the female and within seconds, they both cursed as they dissipated in puffs of foul wisps… as if they had been figments of my imagination or something.
What? 
What had just happened and why haven’t I woken up yet? Whatever it was, I was grateful and relieved though fragments of shock, and fear remained chilled my veins. I felt faint despite my still rapidly thumping heart, and both my face and head throbbed excruciatingly. I groggily got to my feet, wincing at the pain in my ankle. The sharp pain that jolted up my leg left me tense with clenched teeth and a dizzying feeling began to take over once I stood on it.
I felt blindly for the wall in order to guide myself back towards the front desk, stumbling as if I were drunk.
“Star? Star! Where are you, is that you baby? Are you alright? Rodney, get that front door closed!”
I heard footsteps and two beams of lights were cutting through the darkness from the opposite end of the hallway, bouncing wildly and quickly approaching my direction. Within the next moment, the power conveniently flickered back on. 
I gasped. 
Swirls, drops, smears, and long trails of …of what was my blood,  was splattered all over the soft cream colored tiles and carpet.
“Oh Lord Jesus!” Lenell exclaimed as both she and Rodney ran over to me.
“Get the medical supply kit. Hurry!” Lenell ordered two other nurses on staff that were also jogging towards us to help.
“What in the world happened to you, honey?” Lenell asked with furrowed brows as she looked me over and fussed like a mother hen while helping me up.
“Check on Ms. Hawthorne…” I whispered, tasting the disgusting, irony aftertaste of blood still fresh in my mouth.
“I’m checking on you first. Come on.” She encouraged, putting a thick arm around me, allowing me to lean onto her and have her lead me limping to the office behind the front desk. 
“I’m okay.” I whispered. 
“No you’re not. You see all this? What in the world, and where is your shoe?” She replied waving a hand over the patches and trails of blood smears, and then looking at my bare socked foot.
“I’m —I’m gonna be sick…” I hiccupped, trying to choke back the warm rising bile. I gagged, dry heaved, and then my stomach cramped up. 
After that…I threw up.

A cool cloth was pressed against my forehead. I must have finally fainted at some point, and now I was lying down on the couch in the administration office. My stomach felt sour and empty, and now that the adrenaline had worn off, I felt drained and tired.
Okay… it hadn’t been a dream after all.
My entire face and head throbbed and my lips felt dry, tender, swollen, stinging angrily when I tried to lick them. My ankle wasn’t hurting as much at the moment, just a slight twinge of soreness but then again, I wasn’t standing on it either. I inhaled and winced once I tried to raise my head and look down at myself.
My shirt was dotted with dried blood and both of my shoes were off, though the pair now sat on the floor at the opposite end of the couch, which told me they found the other one. 
It had all been real. 
So, where the hell had everyone else been during all of that? Why hadn’t anyone seen or heard me or Ms. Hawthorne screaming, or anything at all for that matter? Why hadn’t anyone seen the bright flashes of light or the demons?
I heard a shuffle of footsteps and then the office door opened slowly. Lenell’s pretty brown face peered in before she entered, followed by Rodney and Erin not far behind. She held a new shirt and a cup of something in her hands.
“Are you feeling better, baby?” She soothed as she set the cup down on the desk. I cleared my throat. It still burned from having thrown up earlier. I needed mouthwash to rinse away the gross and bitter after taste. 
“Um, I think so.” I whispered. 
“Here, I brought you a new shirt and some ibuprofen.” She said as she offered them to me. I struggled to sit up, feeling dizzy and wincing at the dull aches in my head, face, neck, and back. 
“Thanks. Is Ms. Hawthorne okay?” I asked.
 “She’s okay. She seemed really upset but we got her to sleep. Terrie is with her now.” Erin informed me. 
“I was reading to her. She was okay until the lights went out.”  I replied,  not wanting to say anything more about what really happened. 
“I know. I told you that she doesn’t like the dark and definitely not being left alone in the dark. It wasn’t anything that you did or didn’t do, honey. She’s alright.” Lenell soothed and then handed me the water and pills. I wasted no time downing them.
She waited for me to finish before taking the cup back.
“So what happened, hon? Did you trip and fall or something?” She asked. 
They really didn’t see or hear anything. I was freaking screaming out loud, how had they not heard me? I kept saying that to myself to understand how that could have been possible. 
I decided that since that was the case, then it wasn’t a good idea to tell them the truth without sounding…crazy. I was still trying to wrap my own brain around it myself. 
“I must have.” I replied, feigning embarrassment to add to the lie. 
“Are you sure? That looks like a hard hit. You had to have been running awfully fast but even if you hit the wall or the floor full on, it wouldn’t have looked like that.” Rodney said from the door while studying my face with concern. 
“I know. It looks raw too, like a burn almost.” Erin added, looking over my mouth and chin with concern.
A sudden chill hit me when I looked at her, trying to decide and trust if it really was her  	speaking.
 “Do I look that bad?” I asked them all.
 Lenell smiled showing her dimples. “You could never look bad honey but that is a nasty bruise and cut on your lip. I think I should call the paramedics just to be sure.” She determined with a sincere motherly look of worry.
 “I don’t need an ambulance. I’m okay. What about my teeth? I still have them all, right?” I asked, cheesing as I brought my fingers to my teeth to feel. I gasped, accidently grazing my lip roughly.
I was shocked to find how much more swollen it had become since I had woken up just now. I ran my tongue slowly across my upper and lower bridge, still tasting the coppery sweet hint of blood near my gums. I grimaced, taking another long swig of water to wash the taste away. It didn’t really help.
Lenell chuckled, her bosom bouncing heartily. “Girl, you are so silly. I’m gonna have to fill out an accident report for you ,so ambulance or no ambulance don’t be surprised if you get a call from risk management and HR anyway.” She cackled with laughter and then rubbed my shoulders.
“You guys really didn’t hear or see anything at all?” I had to ask. I had to know.
Erin shook her head, no, and so did Rodney.
“We heard you screaming but it was too dark to find where you were and what was wrong.” Lenell answered.
I shook my head, incredulous. Maybe I had run into something and knocked myself out after all.
No. I know what I saw, I know what I smelled, and I know what I hit. My pain and injuries were definitely real and there was still soreness in my wrist and elbow from bashing the flashlight into the demon shadow’s solid face.
So, if they had been real though—what happened to them and where had they all gone?
Rodney suddenly straightened, having been leaning against the doorjamb, and then turned his head to his right past the open office door. He was talking to someone out of my sight range. A different, new voice, low sounding but deep, rich and smooth, floated into the office, and we all wondered who it belonged to.
“Yeah, it was unexpected. One injury but she’s okay; she’s a tough one.” Rodney chuckled and turned back to wink at me.
“Who are you talking to?” Erin asked Rodney as she peered around him and out the door. “Oh… Hello officer.” She greeted with a big smile.
Curious too, I sat up, and though dizzy, I tried to stand only to be forced to remain seated and relaxed by mother Lenell. That had been a good thing because my ankle instantly protested and I stifled an abrupt gasp to further keep that injury a secret. Rodney stepped aside to make way for the unknown voice to make an entrance. 
“Does she need an ambulance?” The deep, rich voice asked him. Then, the officer whom the voice had belonged, stepped into the office—having to duck slightly into the doorway. Now I know why Erin seemed so, dazzled. 
At first glance, it was his height that made my jaw…as well as Lenell’s drop.   
He was decked out, clean and sharp in a perfectly pressed, all black IMPD uniform. It was complete and decorated with weapons belt, gun, shiny silver handcuffs, black leather gloves, a collection of impressive medals and shiny buttons to match the silver badge on his wet jacket, as well as the one on his cap. Not only was he extremely tall and clean-cut, the obvious couldn’t be denied or ignored. He was incredibly… gorgeous— as in gladiator Greek God gorgeous. 
Standing next to Rodney, who was six foot tall himself, he looked like a giant, towering at least a foot over him. He shoulders were broad and his muscular build was sculpted into a classic ‘V’ shape down to his lean, narrow waist. From what I could see, the part that wasn’t shadowed beneath the brim of his cap, he had a full mouth and a strong, defined jaw line.    
I hope I wasn’t being obvious in gawking, even though everyone else was. His eyes were also hard to see.  The little bit of hair peeping out from his perfectly edged hair line was dark. My mind strangely went to a male stripper at a bachelorette party or something to that effect because he was that damned sexy in his uniform and jacket, still wet with silvery beads of water and dark spots of rain.
There was something else about him that gave me a sense of unease though but I couldn’t quite put my finger on it. Was it the way that he was looking at me…almost as if he knew me or something? It was kind of like the way that Ms. Hawthorne did when she first saw me.
I began to feel that familiar static electric sensation pricking my flesh again…the way it had in Professor Phillips office and out in the courtyard, when I saw that outline of some large being. As I glanced around and caught sight of Erin and Lenell, who both still gaped at him, I realized that I was apparently the only one feeling that odd sensation on my skin.
He moved closer to where Lenell sat with me on the couch, continuing to study me as if he were doing his own medical evaluation of my injuries, and at the same time he removed his cap as a gesture of respect. He ran his gloved fingers through his perfect, dark hair. Though cleanly edged around the sides, his hair was now slightly tousled on top, enough so that when he ran his fingers through it, it formed an adorable resemblance to a semi-Mohawk down the middle. It made him look even younger than he probably was and my heart fluttered with temporary infatuation.
His eyes met mine and I was immediately captivated and breathless. They were the most beautiful eyes that I have ever seen on anyone in my entire life. They were a unique striking combination of what I could only describe as deep, moss green and cerulean blue with pale gold flecks beneath his long, thick, dark lashes and brows. My breath caught and my heart beat faster. 
Suddenly, all I could think of was disappearing through the floor. I could only imagine what I must look like, bruised, dirty, mouth swollen with vomit crusted in the corners, and my hair in a tangled hot mess all over my head.
The static sensation wasn’t helping that aspect much either.   I rubbed the sides of my arms once our eyes met again. Actually, his never left mine and it made me instantly blush, warm blood rushed to my cheeks and my nipples hardened, further embarrassing me. Strangely, I literally began to feel as if my clothes were sliding off of me all on their own too.
I shifted myself on the couch, having to look away for a moment and then Lenell handed me an ice pack that had been on the lamp table beside the couch. 
I took it. 
“Thanks. Ambulance isn’t necessary. I’m fine,” I said to him as I placed the ice pack carefully on my lip.
“I didn’t catch your name, Officer…” Rodney began.
“Cam. Officer Cam Black. I was nearby when the power went out. I thought I’d check on everyone here,” He casually replied, though when he said it he looked at me as if I had asked the question. He was so gorgeous, standing there with his hands on his hips, exuding his authority with his perfect tanned face, and the physique of a male fitness model.
Rodney nodded. “You guys making runs out this way?” He then asked.
“As I said, I was in the area already.” Officer Cam simply reiterated.
“Oh right, sorry. Yeah storms like this do wreak havoc and we need all the help we can get sometimes,” Rodney nodded again.
“How are the roads?” Erin asked him, still entranced by his looks. 
“Clear enough, no closures. The rain is actually tapering off now,” He answered eloquently. The sound of his voice was like warm, liquid honey.
 “Maybe you should stay the night until the storm blows over. We have some vacant rooms. I can call your roommate.” Lenell offered.
After what just happened, and knowing that there were many rooms here that people have died in…the mere thought of that gave me the creeps. Right now, all I could think of was getting back my own room. 
“No, I’m okay to drive back, really.” I assured her as I attempted to stand again to prove it.
I noticed Officer Cam’s gorgeous eyes travel down to my bloodied shirt and then instantly tighten. Then his jaw began to work as if he were angry or something… and I swear that I just saw his eyes glint or glow with a preternatural light for a brief nanosecond.
I didn’t want to seem as if I was staring, and I think that truthfully I was still shaken up by all that just happened, so I didn’t really trust my eyes fully just yet, or should I have?
“Are you sure you don’t need assistance?” Officer Cam asked me in a velvety tone that caressed my ears.
I nodded quickly and rose to stand slowly, testing my weight on my ankle.
It was really sore but I’d done worse to it many times in the past during my gymnastics career, so it was no problem for me to manage the pain.
I felt Officer Cam’s eyes on me the entire time, though I tried to avoid his gaze.
“Did you hurt your ankle too?” He then asked, glancing down at my foot.
Everyone else’s eyes traveled down to my foot then too.
“No, it’s fine.” I lied.
“Are you sure? You were limping earlier when I brought you in here.” Lenell eyed me.
“Yeah, see?” I said as I applied a bit of pressure carefully and then took two steps, screaming internally at the shooting ping of pain stabbing emanating from my right ankle and snaking its way up my calf.
They weren’t quite convinced but they didn’t call me on it either, thank goodness.
“You shouldn’t drive on it. You may have sprained it, let me take a look,” Officer Cam said as he moved closer to me and then kneeled down on one knee while reaching for my foot.
I stepped back away from him and he gave me a knee-weakening, single-raised brow of surprise at my stubbornness.
My heart was racing once I inhaled the heady scent of him. Feeling his body heat along with that tickling sensation of something electric wafting off of him was strong, like pulses of static heat against my skin— it was really weird.
Gorgeous, hell yes, but something about his presence physically was— off to me.
“I said it was okay. I’m sorry I threw up on the floor. I’ll clean it up.” I told Lenell said as I sat back down to attempt putting my right shoe on.
Officer Cam studied me patiently, the way that a parent would a difficult child. There was a sparkle of something else in his hypnotic eyes though, like admiration.
Lenell chuckled. “Already been done but I wouldn’t have allowed you to do that anyway.”
“Star, are you sure? Maybe Officer Black can give you a lift back to the college then.” Rodney suggested.
I wished he hadn’t.
“No I don’t need…” I waved my hand.
“Bloomington?” Officer Cam guessed accurately with a raised a brow, still kneeling in front of me.
“Yes.” Lenell grinned before I could say yes or no.
“That’s not a problem. Are you right-handed?” He then asked me.
I looked at him in puzzlement.
“Yeah, why?” 
“So you’re right foot dominate. People drive with their right foot given where the pedals are anyway, so it’s gonna make it difficult for you and I don’t want to have to ticket you for attempting to drive incapacitated.” Officer Cam said with a drop-dead gorgeous, bright, straight smile that nearly made me fall forward towards his mouth with my own lips ready and puckered for a kiss. 
Erin and Lenell certainly weren’t the only ones ogling him from the chatter beyond the doorway between the other female staff members and nurses.
I eyed him with surprise. “Are you serious?” 
“By legal standards, yes, I’d have to.” He answered with a glimmer of something sneaky in his gorgeous eyes.
I snorted a sigh and rubbed my forehead, feeling a migraine coming on.
“I can just wrap my ankle. It isn’t that serious of an injury.” I explained.
 He smirked, reaching down to lift the right hem of my pant scrubs and exposing my ankle. Both Lenell and Erin gasped in shock.
“Oh my God Star, that don’t look good at all, honey! It just might be broken. Did that happen when you fell?” Lenell exclaimed as she quickly moved in for a closer look and then bent down to examine it next to officer Cam.
Rodney whistled with surprise. I shrugged, playing innocent and clueless as I sat back down, defeated. I glanced down reluctantly to see that my ankle had swollen to twice its size and was ringed with a dark, purplish-blue bruising in the shape of what looked like four long fingers. It shocked me too at that moment to actually see it.
There was no denying that the demon had left several, painful and tangible marks on me and I wondered if they would all be able to see what I was seeing. Apparently not because so far no one made the connection to the bruises resembling finger marks.  
Officer Cam’s jaw was working again and when he looked up at me with those striking indigo blue and dark green eyes shaded beneath his thick, long lashes, I was instantly reminded of an ocean at dawn, the reflection of dark green trees along the shoreline, and gold sparkles mixed in between those trees. They were melting me and it was then that I knew I could no longer argue that I was fine anymore. 
“Well, based on your reaction when you stood on it, unless you’re willing to take an ambulance to the hospital and get x-rays for proof, I’m gonna have to assume it’s broken. You’ll have to prove it otherwise to me…like maybe a quick jog down the hallway.” Officer Cam said as he rose to his full height of somewhere well over six foot five without a doubt. I had to tilt my head all the way back just to look up at him. 
Though I knew he had a point, being forced to do something other than what I could do myself ticked me off. I didn’t like having to rely on other people. Someone called for some assistance and Erin quickly hopped to attention.
 “Excuse me. I’m gonna go hunt down a crutch for you before you leave.” She said to me and then she smiled like a school girl at Officer Cam before she left the office. 
Lenell finally shifted her gaze away from Officer Cam and straightened with a big smile, and glancing at her watch. “Baby, it’s getting late. Let me ice and wrap your ankle first ‘cause you don’t need to be walking on it for a while. I think it’s a good idea, if you don’t wanna stay, that you have Officer Black drive you back. Don’t worry about your car, it’ll be fine here until tomorrow. I’ll leave a note for the morning crew and explain what happened. We can fill out the accident report either tomorrow or when you come in next week.” She said. 
Officer Cam sat on the arm of the sofa next to me and I still had to crane my neck up to look at him. He then leaned down closer, examining my bruised faced with scrutiny and I marveled again at just how beautiful at the flawless beauty of his skin and face. A small hint of a dark five o’clock shadow in the form of a perfect goatee surrounded his sexy full mouth and chin.
I blushed and turned away quickly having caught myself staring again.
“What exactly happened by the way?” He then asked me.
He was focused on my face now and I was embarrassed, remembering that I looked like crap right now, and how much worse it probably was being this close up for him to see. I shrugged a shoulder.
“I panicked, I guess. I don’t like the dark, so I ran towards the front desk to either find someone or get a flashlight and I apparently ran into the door or something, and then tripped and fell.” I said.
He looked as if he didn’t believe that at all. It was almost as if he knew what really happened. My heart pounded even louder having him this close to me and I blushed again.
He squinted and raised a dark brow, which made me swoon internally.
“Really?” He said in a questioning manner.
I nodded, still having the strange feeling that he just knew I wasn’t telling the truth.
He shifted and looked at me thoughtfully before he spoke again, “Which door did you say you ran into?” He then asked. 
I swallowed. Why was he making me feel as if I had done something wrong by hurting myself or leading everyone to believe that I had? I shrugged a shoulder again and looked away for a moment to think of another lie. It was something I hated having to do but there was no way I was going to tell anyone what really happened. 
“I don’t know. It as near Ms Hawthorne’s room, which was where I was coming out of when the power went out for the second time.” I explained. 
He nodded as if humoring me and then he paused for a moment, still looking at my bruised and swollen lip.
“You know in my professional opinion, it looks like—you were actually hit.” He said softly as if he only intended for me to hear it.
“I’m gonna go make some rounds. Listen to Officer Cam, Star. Leaving your car is no problem. I want you back safe if you insist on leaving tonight and I mean that. Rodney, I need you to do a sweep of the back of the building, too.” Lenell said as she waved Rodney to follow while heading to the door.
I almost felt a sense of dread with them leaving me alone with Officer Cam but it was too late to protest once the office door closed softly. I couldn’t place why he made me feel on my guard but it wasn’t necessarily a bad feeling. 
I shifted again and cleared my throat. “Well, I appreciate the offer but I’ve been able to get around on worse injuries and breaks before. I can make it back. It isn’t that far.” I assured him. 
He smirked.
God, he was sexy when he did that! 
“I mean I’m not clumsy or anything like that. I’m a gymnast.” I said wanting to clarify any thoughts that he may have developed by my saying that. 
“Can gymnasts see in the dark, too?” He joked. 
I wanted to laugh at his humor with the, ‘what does that have to do with anything?’ meaning behind it but my mouth and head hurt too much. 
“Not always. I’m gonna change my shirt and get my stuff. Thanks again for the offer of assistance but I think I can manage.” I smiled painfully after quickly getting up and wobbling a bit at first. He shifted and reacted with a hand out to catch and steady me.
I instantly got a small electric vibration when he touched me and it warmed my skin. His hand was strong, sending tickling quivers all the way to the pit of my stomach.
“Careful.” He said. 
“I got it.”  I said as I pulled my arm away, grabbed the shirt Lenell had brought me, and headed towards the door trying my best not to limp because I knew he was watching. I didn’t even look back as I opened it and quickly hobbled towards the employee lounge area where the employee storage lockers were. I took a quick washcloth bath and brushed my teeth, adding an extra rinse with mouth wash, and then changed. I gathered up all of my things and took my time in hopes that Officer Cam would be gone by the time I was done and came out.
The swelling, cut, and bruise looked really bad. It almost resembled the shape of a fist along the outer corner of my mouth, or a dark violet carnation with a line of swollen red for its center where my lip had been split. The actual bruise faded into a purplish red burn, forming a tear drop shape, and smearing downward towards my chin from the point of impact. I felt a small wave of dizziness overcome me remembering the burst of pain I felt at that moment. I was still unable to grasp and believe what had happened, let alone that I did indeed still have all of my teeth. This wound was real and my ankle had been sprained.
Once again, I had been physically attacked by demons who were trying to kidnap me, maybe not necessarily to kill me but take me somewhere. There had been a total of three of them and they spoke…English not that I knew what language they would communicate with if they didn’t, Latin maybe? 
What did they mean by ‘no blood’ and not to strike me? That didn’t stop them from hurting me and I wondered what happened to the one that hit me in the first place let alone the next two. 
My guardian angel intervened once again, I supposed.
Well, I challenged them to bring it on and that’s exactly what they were doing now so it was my fault. I wondered how many more would come and attempt to do the same.
I don’t even think terrifying would be a good enough adjective to describe the experience, it was beyond that for me. I’ve never seen a demon in its true form before, and none had ever attacked me physically either. I thought that they couldn’t.
In fact, I had certainly never seen a demon manifest itself like that or at least had been fully aware of it. It disguised itself as someone I knew so I thought nothing of it. That in itself was very scary because it also meant that any demon could do it at any time again with me. No one else would be able to see or hear my cries for help. I was on my own and I wasn’t going to be safe anywhere.
The thought made me numb with terror.
I could truly understand why Ms. Hawthorne had gone mute and ceased to speak anymore altogether when this had happened to her. At one point, I know they used to be afraid of me but something had to have changed.
I had been helpless with no kind of effective defense against them. No one was around to see anything or help me. Then, Officer Cam Black suddenly shows up in all his gorgeous glory and giving me sensations of lustful, thrumming energy. This was all like a dream, some B-rated fantasy, or paranormal movie to me because there was something both alluring yet unnatural about him.
I tossed the bloodied shirt into the trash not wanting to keep it as a reminder. How in the world was I going to explain this injury to anyone, let alone China and Joel, was beyond me. I’d never hear the end of it. They were worse than my parents had been when it came to protective mode but I loved them for it because I knew it meant that they cared enough. Car keys and bags in hand, I stopped short when the front-desk area came into view.
Officer Cam was still there and he smiled at me when our eyes met.
Lenell had been talking to him and she turned to face me with a hand on her hip.
“I oughta whip you for being so hard-headed. Come on back into the office. Erin got you a crutch and I’m gonna wrap your ankle real quick.” She came over to help me.
I sighed, purposefully not meeting Officer Black’s gaze and surrendered, letting Lenell assist me back into the office.
Officer Black stood watch behind Lenell quietly while she worked on my ankle. I tensed and shrieked internally to keep from crying out in pain when she pulled the dressing around it firmly. 
I admit that I liked him watching me, though it still gave me a weird feeling of unease. I felt like he was checking me out in more ways than just my injuries but I didn’t really mind it at all.
“There. Keep it elevated and you make sure you go in and see a doctor tomorrow. I may have them mail you the paperwork ‘cause I think you may be out for a while. You let me know what they say and you better call me as soon as you get back to the college tonight, I mean that,” She made sure I understood, and then she moved away and began gathering up all the first aid supplies that she had been using.
I smiled. “Yes ma’am, I will.” I stood up carefully and she hugged me.
“Here, see if we may need to adjust it for your height.” She said, handing me the metal crutch. It looked new. 
I reluctantly took it and fitted it underneath my arm where it did rested perfectly. I felt relief shifting my weight onto it momentarily.
Truthfully, I wasn’t sure that I would be able to drive like this but I was sure as hell gonna try.
“Thanks Ms Lenell.” 
“You’re welcome baby and be safe.” She said hitching my purse and messenger tote around my arm for me.
“I’ll take those for you.” Officer Cam offered after putting his cap back on as if he were about to leave too.
“I’ve got then. They’re not heavy.” I told him clutching my bags closer to me.
I moved as fast as I could with the cumbersome crutch towards the front doors, pausing to glance down the dim corridor to the left. I thought of Ms. Hawthorne upon seeing her door, which remained closed. I was sure that Officer Black wasn’t far behind me.
I didn’t want to disturb her but I had to make sure that she was okay for myself. I turned and headed towards her room, taking a moment to listen before easing it open and peering inside. The bedside lamp was still on and she lay sleeping with her head slightly turned. She must have sensed someone opening the door because she stirred and then her small head turned to face me. She opened her eyes, blinking a few times to focus.
“It’s just me. I wanted to say goodnight.” I whispered, not wanting to come all the way into the room so that she’d be able to see my face.
She reached out a skeletal arm for me— wanting me to come to her and I sighed. I didn’t want to leave her hanging.
I entered her room and moved to the side of the bed, taking her frail, cool hand in mine. It felt like thin, rubbery latex and the strength in her grip surprised me. She was smiling in relief until she saw my mouth.
Her brow furrowed in confusion.
“Yo face…” She whispered, reaching out a shaky hand up to touch my chin.
I gently stopped her and smiled as painful as the simple act was to do at the moment. Her mouth fell open and she looked as if she were about to cry when her eyes traveled to the crutch under my arm.
“It’s okay. I’m down but not out. It’ll take a lot more than this.” I assured her with a confident smile, knowing that she knew what I meant.
Her eyes widened and then tears began to pool in them.
“You are s-o s-s-special. I know it awready. Thank you, star chil’…he gon’ now, I feel it’. I can rest now. I know you was an angel when I first seen you.” She whispered and then she began to cry silently, smiling at the same time. 
Angel? Far from it but I knew what she meant.
Her voice and speech had become more coherent since earlier and she didn’t struggle with pronunciation as much anymore. 
A miracle?
“Yeah, he’s gone…I think.” I smiled but I doubted it was anything that I did.
“He is. He couldn’t take you…none of ‘em gon’ be able to,” She regarded me with a motherly admiration, and then took my hand again to help herself up to a sitting position.
I helped her and adjusted the pillow behind her.
“This worl’ is passin’ soon. I been seein’ them demons since I was a chil’. They took most of my fam’ly and friends. Even a few of my own chil’ren to try an’ get to me but I wouldn’t let ‘em. You got the same spirit, the same fire I saw ‘fore in an angel. They comin’… a lot more now, so be careful.”
I opened my mouth slightly but I didn’t know how to respond to what she was saying.
She smiled and patted my cheek gently. Her hand was dry but soft.
“I can see it. Believe me, it’s there an’ it’s strong. Yo’ aura is like white fire. It’s a weapon.” She said.
White fire? Where had I seen that before? In my dream last night, white fire had consumed that dark angel and he was afraid of it.
I could only nod as I swallowed hard, thinking it strange that Ms. Hawthorne, a woman that I just met, who could also see the same shadow beings that I could, would make that comparison.
“Neva give in or give up, no matta what anyone say or what they do. You already blessed,” She smiled displaying a few missing teeth.
I returned the genuine smile, seeing my grandmother in her face. Suddenly, I felt my own oncoming tears begin to well-up and take me by surprise.
She pulled me to her and hugged me and I hugged her back.
“I see you soon. Whateva happens to come…for you, is just the beginnin’. You got to stay strong ‘cause you got a dark one followin’ you now, too.” She then said as we broke from the hug. She stroked my hair with a warm smile.
I wrinkled my brow in alarm. “A dark one following me? What do you mean, like a demon?” I asked softly, though I could believe that. 
I guess that she could see the shadows that were after me too, obviously.
I hoped she didn’t mean a dark one like the one that I had been beaten up by though. 
That thought terrified me once again.
“You find out soon ‘nough but I know you be awright. Someone is comin’.” She quickly said, laying back down again and pulling the covers up to her chin.
I studied her with curiosity about her ability and her words. She couldn’t leave me hanging like this, I needed to know more but I didn’t want to push her. She was frail and dealing with her own terminal ailments and pain, I didn’t want to stress her out after all that just happened.
I sighed softly. “Why don’t you want anyone to know that you’re speaking?” I asked her.
She chuckled, her voice barely a whisper. 
“I don’t speak, not with demons ‘round cause that’s what they do. They listen and watch all the time. That’s how come they know…how and when to hurt you. No one believes me anyway. They all think I’m crazy, sickness in the head but I seen things. Things should nobody see…just like you— so why say anythin’? I’m just waitin’ to go back home. Now there I be safe and strong. This ol’ body ain’t doin’ me no good in this worl’ anyway.” She explained to me and smiled warmly.
I nodded in complete understanding, feeling strangely close and connected to Ms Hawthorne right at this moment.
Just then the door opened and Terrie was rolling in new towels with a chart.
Ms Hawthorne winked at me before I turned to carefully study Terrie, making sure that she was a real person.
“Hey sweetie, I thought you had left already. Are you gonna be okay?” She asked me, looking down at my ankle.
“Yeah, I’m on my way out. I was just saying good night to Ms Hawthorne.” I smiled feeling Ms Hawthorne give my hand a firm squeeze.
I tucked the blanket over her more securely before I turned to head towards the door.
“Well that’s sweet. Hello Ms. Hawthorne, how are we feeling now?  Honey, that Officer Black is …wow.” She whispered to me and grinned.
“He’s still out there?” I asked with the door handle in my grip. Butterflies began to flutter in the pit of my stomach at the mere mention of his name.
“Yeah, I think he may be waiting for you.” She hinted at me with a wink.
I blanched. He wasn’t gonna let me drive myself home, I thought.
Great.
“Well, you be careful going home, hon.” Terrie smiled while she fussed with clearing off the dying flower petals from the buffet table.
“I will. Good night.” I replied, relieved once I turned to go with one last look at Ms Hawthorne who watched me as I left.
I didn’t even bother checking to see where Officer Cam was, making a beeline for the front doors myself. Once outside, the rain slowed to barely a drizzle and the cold wet air hit me with a faint moldy smell that was probably coming from the lake in the back. 
I hobbled towards my Honda as fast as I could with the crutch and hating the damned thing already. The rain left behind large puddles of water and mud that formed dark pools across the parking lot and lawn, and I cursed to myself trying to maneuver around possible potholes in disguise. 
A few cars swished by on the drenched main road in front of the Hospice with headlights cutting through the dark. I hadn’t even checked the time or my phone before I left. It was getting late and I had early classes. I was sure that China had tried to call or text me several times since I had forgotten to call her.
Officer Cam’s police cruiser was conveniently parked next to my car. I pressed the key fob to unlock the doors, opening the back door, and began to load my stuff into the back seat along with the crutch. 
Opening the drivers’ side, I backed myself into the driver’s seat and eased my injured ankle inside to position it over the gas pedal in order it test out. I depressed the gas pedal gently, already feeling the pangs of discomfort shoot up my leg, making me grit my teeth and wince.
No! Officer Black had been right about being incapacitated and unable to drive after all. I couldn’t drive like this! I sighed in frustration and I know that I can be stubborn. I was determined but even more determined not to admit that I was wrong and possibly needed him to take me back to the University.
The front doors to the hospice opened and Officer Cam’s tall, built silhouette was outlined in the light coming from inside.
I turned the key in the ignition and my car sputtered and then …died.
“What?” I exclaimed incredulously to myself, turning the key once again. The car wouldn’t even turn over this time.
I’ve only had this car for a year and I bought it new! It’s never given me problems before.
I turned the key several more times when a soft knock at the window made me jump and gasp.
I sighed. This night just couldn’t be happening.
Maybe I should have listened to China and not come out here after all. 
I paused for a moment before finally opening the door because apparently, the car window button wouldn’t work either. Officer Cam stood back so I would be able to see him when he spoke without having to break my neck.
“Sounds like the battery.” He guessed. 
“It can’t be. I bought it new and it’s been working fine up until tonight. This car isn’t even a year-old.” I informed him.
“Try your headlights.” He then suggested. 
I turned the switch for my headlights and…no lights. 
“You might have left them on when you got here.”
“They’re automatic, I don’t have to manually turn them off.” I said easing out of the car with a frustrated sigh. “I don’t suppose you have jumper cables?” I asked. 
“It’s against policy actually but I could call a tow truck for you, or maybe you have a friend who can pick you up?” He suggested. 
I sighed in exhaustion. “No, I don’t wanna bother anyone this late.” I said pulling out my cell phone to call information for the nearest tow company.
“The ride back to the University is still good.” He offered with a gorgeous smile. 
I paused and thought about all the pros and cons. Despite the return of the static sensation and the unease he gave me, he was a police officer. I wanted nothing more than to get back to the apartment, crawl into bed, and forget this nightmare of nights.
“Okay. Let me get my stuff out of the back and—thank you, Officer Black.” 
I resigned reluctantly, taking my keys and retrieving my things out of the backseat.
“You’re welcome. Your name is Star, right?” He asked. 
I hadn’t even asked or expected him to take my purse, hoodie, and messenger bag for me to the cruiser as I juggled to position the crutch under my arm but he did before I could even protest. 
I hadn’t planned to use the crutch once I was home but I took it with me anyway and limped to the cruiser while he watched me, shaking his head at my independent perseverance. 
I nodded. “Yeah. I guess I’ll call the tow company in the morning.” 
He nodded as he walked over to the driver’s side and started the cruiser up in order to get the inside warmed up. The he moved back around to hold the passenger-side door open for me before I even got the chance to reach for the handle myself. 
Once I settled into the passenger seat and got comfortable, he exchanged my purse and messenger tote bag for the crutch, which I gladly handed to him. He closed my door and put it in the backseat.
I‘ve never ridden in a police car before, which was a good thing, but I was always curious. I buckled in, admiring all the lighted gadgets and monitors mounted in the dashboard and console. The scent of new, sweet leather hit my nose along with another scent mixed with his cologne. It was almost like rain and cinnamon or something. Maybe his laundry detergent, I supposed.
I leaned back into the seat and sighed internally. I don’t know the significance of today and all that’s happened but I hoped that it wouldn’t get any worse…could it? Better not say that out loud or even think it. I mean, given the present eye candy and company, maybe what was left of this night wouldn’t be so terrible after all. He climbed into the drivers’ seat not bothering to buckle up himself. I didn’t question it though I found it hypocritical since he was a police officer. I wasn’t surprised at how far back his seat was from the steering wheel to accommodate his legs. 
I scooted closer to the door, hugging my purse and messenger bag to me as he backed up, and we finally pulled out into traffic, bound for the University.
The tickling static sensation that I kept feeling on my skin seemed to be the strongest in here. I found myself rubbing my arms and the fine hairs beneath my sleeves, having been obviously standing on end in reaction to the sensation, created soft crackling noises as I did. 
Strange. 
Maybe it was from the humidity and the cold combined. I listened to the soft squawk of the walkie-talkie and the different voices relaying messages back and forth, though apparently having nothing to do with him since he ignored all of them. 
“Something wrong?” he asked out of the blue. 
“Huh?” I turned to face him. 
“You keep rubbing your arms. Are you cold? I’ll turn the heater up.” He offered, reaching for the heat control dial on the dash board. 
“No, I’m fine.” I shook my head. I probably should have used a thicker hoodie or something for later but I forgot the thicker one in my car. 
It was silent for a moment as I stared ahead at the winding dark ribbon of road and headlights passing us on the opposite side of the road. 
“Is this your first year at the University?” He then asked to make small talk.
 I smoothed my unruly curls; affected by the cold, static, and humidity. “I’m a sophomore, actually.”  I said keeping my eyes focused ahead. 
Sprinkles continued to dot the windshield, and the wipers made a soft, whispery sweep every ten seconds. 
“Are you from here?” 
“No.” I replied. 
“Where are you from?” 
“Originally, or before I started college?”
“Both.” He smiled.
I couldn’t help but feel a slight playful smile begin to play across my lips. 
“I was born in Jamaica. My mother and her family are natives there, and I moved here for school from Florida.” I condensed my life into a few sentences.
“Jamaica? In the Caribbean? I’ve heard that’s a very beautiful place.” 
“I suppose.” I shrugged a shoulder. 
“How come you left there?” 
“My father was in the military.” I answered quickly. 
He nodded in understanding. “What branch?”  
“Army.” 
It was quiet again, and this time I wanted to ask him some questions before he could even think to ask me anything else about my life and my parents.
“So, how long have you been a police officer?” I turning to look at him. He must have just gotten out of the academy because he looked young, like in his early twenties.
I could see him smile via the slight rise of his cheekbone, even though it was only his profile that I could make out in the dimness of the car. The shadows obscured most of his features. 
“Not long.” He answered glancing over at me.
I nodded.
“What are you majoring in?”
I sighed. I didn’t know whether to take his questions as just conversation or if he was being nosy. For some reason, it made me nervous to tell him anything, what with him being a police officer and all, not that I was guilty of anything.
I really didn’t even know the answer to that, personally. 
I shrugged a shoulder. “At first it was business administration and then … I just started coasting and taking a lot of courses that would probably never earn me a living. To this day, I still haven’t decided.”
He laughed a little at my answer and then nodded.
I smiled.
“Are you sure you’re alright? To be frank, speaking as a cop that is, your injuries aren’t consistent with running into a door in my opinion. Unless it was made of steel and you were running at about fifty miles an hour, then stuck your foot in and slammed your ankle in it. I mean, I’ve heard of plenty of freak accidents before but yours sounds a little strange to me.”
I shifted and looked at him, catching him looking at me already.
“No one hit me if that’s what you’re suggesting. Don’t worry, no charges need to be filed or arrests made. Trust me.”
There was a brief pause.
“So what really happened then?” He pressed on, and for some reason, this time it made my heart thump nervously. Obviously, he was implying that he knew something to the contrary of what I was telling him.
This is how many horror movies start out, I thought as my mind got to working. I mean, after all who’s to say that he wasn’t the one who hit me? He shows up mysteriously with after all that took place and acts as if I’m hiding something.
“Do you need to file a report?” I asked him.
“No, just my own concern for your safety.” He replied.
“It’s okay I’m not being stalked by anyone.”
Any actual ‘human being’ that is, anyway.
My cell phone rang and I immediately went to fish it out of my purse, pulling it out and reading the display. It was Joel. I didn’t want to talk to him in here, so I’d call or text him later. I let the call go to voicemail.
“You know, you’re awfully stubborn. I’m not trying to pry or suggest anything. I’m only trying to help ensure that you’re okay, not just on the outside, I mean.” He explained, and that threw me for a surprise. I instantly felt guilty. 
It was just my nature, something I’ve always maintained because I had to. Get a grip Star, I told myself. He is a cop. It wasn’t like I thumbed a ride and got in with a psychotic looking, greasy stranger. 
“I know…I just…I’m really okay.” I assured him while looking out of the passenger-side window. That was an outright lie.
 Demons were after me, they assaulted me, and they almost had me. 
Come to think of it, where were they planning to take me anyway? The one in Professor Phillips office had said that I should come willingly but what did that mean? Go where? Was that where these demons were trying to take me? Somewhere to kill or sacrifice me, wherever ‘there’ was? 
There was a brief silence.
“I could go for something to eat right about now, how about you?” He suddenly asked.
 I raised a brow and turned to face him again in question. Was this appropriate?
“Aren’t you on duty?” 
“My shift ended a few moments ago. Unless you’re in a hurry to return to the University, it’s only nine forty eight right now. I know an all-night diner up ahead, eastbound.” He offered.
That actually did sound tempting but then I thought about my face and how I really longed for nothing more than to crawl into my bed and sleep for days.
“I’m not really hungry.” I declined. 
“Something warm, then? Like maybe a cup of coffee or cocoa?”
I drew in a breath, looking at him with a curious gaze as I painfully tried to lick my lips. Cocoa is always good when it’s chilly outside and he was awfully persistent.
“Well, I don’t wanna draw attention to myself.” I pointed to my mouth.
 He shook his head. “You won’t. Don’t worry.”

IX: Cam’ael

Not for one moment did I trust Morning Star, even though the male and female divine ones that I had requested were waiting for me when I had returned to the entrance. They both remained chained, bound together, and blindfolded, which was a good thing. It meant that they still had their sanity.
I knew I would be followed, so I took them both to the edge of Infinite waters, which would be a perfect spot to ‘release’ them since none of the dark ones or shadows could cross into it anyway. It was also a test to make sure that no darkness lurked within them either. If it had, they would not have been able to cross this far into the side of light and be touched by the lapping waves without painful resistance. The darkness within them would automatically be destroyed and try to take them with it.
Neither one of them spoke. The female was essentially catatonic and the male, though stoic, still trembled in fear. I could only imagine the horrors and abuse they had been subjected to. They were still mortal after all, and though they could not see, sometimes hearing and smelling what lie around you tended to be just as mentally and traumatically disturbing if not more.
I was still apprehensive of myself. I did not want to do this but I knew I had no time to waste. As soon as I left Morning Star’s domain, I was positive that he was setting his subsequent plans into motion in order to get to Star before I did. I’d have to deal with him one on one at some point soon. 
I counted on it and I knew it was coming. 
Once we were in the shallow part of the Infinite Waters, I had them both kneel and it was then that the male stunned me when he finally spoke, “Are you going to kill us now or subject us to more torture?” He asked as if he expected or wanted me to. 
I paused, yes was the automatic answer but not for the reasons that they believed. 
“I’m going to release you.” I simply answered. He paused and turned his head towards the direction of my voice. 
“You’re letting us go? Back home?” He was hopeful.
“You’re not one of them are you?” 
The girl cocked her head slightly in my direction after that. I should have been flattered at his naive assumption but I wasn’t. No. I am one of them but I don’t do the things that they do, is what I wanted to tell them, but I said nothing. 
I wasn’t going to answer that at all but something else pulled at my conscience. “You’ll both be where you’re supposed to be—soon,” I said, and with that I moved to kneel down in between them and waited. 
As soon as I saw the two seraphim approaching from the distance like winged, bright reflective white mirrors of light heading towards us, I cradled each of their heads in each of my arms. 
“Where are we supposed to be?” The girl finally spoke up in a frail, whisper. 
“Here.” 
I had cupped each of their chins and jerked hard in the opposite directions. The crack was quick and soft. It was the quickest death without pain or the possible spilling of their blood that I could think of. I eased my hold on each of them and let their limp bodies gently collapse to the ground peacefully, just as the two angel soldiers touched down on the ground before us. 
“I didn’t want to do it in his domain. I have my reasons.” I told them.
“It is understood and appreciated.” The male on the right replied. I rose to my feet, feeling wretched and torn inside having to have done this deed but when the angels acknowledged the completion of my task with nods of approval, it ceased my guilt. 
Once the two lifeless bodies were engulfed in their light, and they disappeared completely into it, I knew that I had done well, even more so because Elohim had asked me to do it. That assurance was all I needed to know that I had not simply killed in vain or for mockery. 
I had no more time to waste, and was about to hurry back to my domain to prepare to leave with Rahab when the other angel soldier stopped me. I didn’t know who he was by name but I supposed it didn’t matter because what he said to me would forever remain with me no matter what happened from this point on. 
“Elohim has rewarded you for all of your past and current obedience, Cam`ael, former Chief Angel of all Powers,” He said before they took flight, and then they were gone.    
I didn’t move right away, initially confounded by not only what reward Elohim had in mind for me but that fact that they addressed me by my former title… as the angel whom I had once been. 
I was immediately humbled and speechless and I desperately wanted to know what this reward would be but I	knew how Elohim worked. He had already granted me the chance to meet Star, so I wondered if by some small chance if it would finally be redemption or even the power of more light within my being. I didn’t feel any different in that regard. I hated not knowing things of this nature but I guess I had no choice but to wait and find out. 
I don’t know what spurred me to ruminate over what had just taken place before I arrived here. I began to feel it was because I was finally here with her and she was a young woman now. I could only think of simply being with her as a reward within itself. 
Either way, just as I thought, Morning Star had done exactly what I knew he would do during my brief distraction with the divine that he had willingly handed over to me. Well, he’d have a hell of a time now because here I was and wasn’t going to let her out of my sight until her death came.
The fact that she had been struck at all brought out a blinding fury of rage in me and I almost incinerated the entire building in my anger. I had to quickly remind myself that not only was she still in it but there were many other innocent humans in there as well. I could have ripped each of those voids apart with my bare hands for daring to lay a hand on her but there was no time to waste on a physical assault. 
I didn’t have to anyway. Elohim’s punishment was swift and accurate and he had beaten me to the punch, just as I revved up to release light unto the first void demon… not that I hadn’t expected him to.
That was how I had known that her blood had been spilt. The next two didn’t stand a chance. I would have taken them out sooner but I respectfully waited to see if they too would do the same in regard to spilling her blood as well. When he twisted her ankle…I instantly let loose and unleashed all the fury and darkness that had been building up within me to kill them both swiftly with light.
Rules were being broken. 
I knew it was going to happen and as a result, a distinct atmospheric shift in power could be felt, representing Elohim’s extreme displeasure. That to me, meant that her death and the end may not be too far off. It both saddened and infuriated me to think about.
On top of that, I had drawn the darkness that the female void had been prepared to use on me when she spotted me into myself, which had rendered her helpless, before I killed her. I had no time to think, only to react and defend. It could have been dangerous for Star because at that moment, I had no place to release the extra darkness I had siphoned into myself.
That darkness instantly provoked and awakened my lust and all I could think of was physically fucking her flesh to flesh in every way imaginable. I almost gave myself away, feeling it surging wildly inside of me, itching and burning to be released or fed. When my eyes began to glow it took all the light in me to push it back down but not before I was positive she got a quick glimpse of the raging desire that ignited that glow. Of course, only she would have been able to see it and I hoped that she didn’t believe it had been real. 
I know I was told not to use magick to manipulate her or others but that didn’t count inanimate objects. The intent wasn’t to lie down with her either. I used a hint of magick to divert the possibility of her leaving. There was nothing wrong with her car…except for the magic holding it at bay.
Preventing her car from starting was the only way to ensure that she wouldn’t turn down an offer for a ride, and I had hoped that she wouldn’t take my advice and call someone else as a result either. It wouldn’t have been the first time my sneaky intentions had backfired on me. I was relying on her independent nature of not wanting assistance to prevent her from doing so. It was also another way for me to expend some of the dark energy that I had just taken in me before I did something of a sexually deviant nature to her.  Humans were so easy to play with, blaming everything on the logic of science, physics, or bad luck. Ten times out of ten, it was a demon. 
That old woman knew of the shadows and the spirit world well, and she possessed a clairvoyant sight, so I had to steer clear of that room until Star had come back out. Like her and Star’s grandmother, there were many humans that had her ability and they were targeted often by the shadows and dark fallen. They didn’t like it when mortals could see them coming, so in order to keep them quiet, make them seem crazy to other mortals, or simply get them to change their spiritual beliefs, they inflicted emotional pain and fear within them much the way they had attacked and bullied humans since the beginning of time. 
I haven’t seen any sign or signature of Drakael just yet but it didn’t mean he wasn’t around somewhere close by, just as he said he would be.
Rahab relayed the message that he had finally finished setting up what he planned to do when he got here. When I pulled into the makeshift parking lot in front of the shiny, brand new, chrome metal double-wide trailer that was fully set up and decorated with a bright blue flashing, neon sign above that read: ‘Ray’s Fine Eats’, with an outline of a hamburger behind it, I knew he had.
“Wow, this is quaint. I’ve never heard of this place.” She commented once I pulled the cruiser into a space right up front. 
“It’s new. One of my favorite spots after a late night shift. A good friend of mine owns it. He’s a great cook.” I told her. 
I noticed her apprehension as she scanned the empty lot and the trailer.
“Is it open? I mean, where is everyone else?”
“It’s usually busier in the afternoons. Right about now it’s mostly us cops and people traveling through that town that stop in. Come on.” I said, killing the engine and getting out to round the cruiser and open the car door for her. She stepped out carefully and adjusted her shirt, then slung her purse over her shoulder.	
She was petite but built well, soft, yet athletic and toned and she smelled so sweet that I could literally taste her when I inhaled. 
I moaned internally to myself trying to tamp down the arousal that was overtaking me again with the mere thought, because if I kept thinking it, I’d act on it.
I offered my hand, seeing her hobble a bit on her bad ankle.
“I’m good and I don’t need the crutch.” She insisted before I could even open the back and get it for her.
She was certainly no incapable damsel and I wasn’t going to keep going against her independent nature, so I left the crutch and just stayed close to her, just in case. Our footsteps made hollow metallic thumps as we walked up the set of four steps. She held onto the railing and I reflexively grabbed her when she stumbled slightly to her right and winced.
“Force of habit for me, sorry.” I explained.
“Thanks.” She said softly, which made me smile as I opened the door for her.
Rahab was in the midst of cooking up something that smelled appetizing...to me anyway, and I hoped that she found whatever it was appealing, too. I already knew what I wanted. She stepped inside, glancing around at the brand new, clean décor. There were several tables with sets of four simple metal-tubed style, matching vinyl chairs at each one. The color scheme was white with blue checkered table cloths, all complete with salt and pepper shakers and bottles of mustard and ketchup. 
A couple of booths lined each side, and an old-fashioned jukebox that looked new sat alongside the wall next to the main counter. A neat row of matching vinyl barstools were seated along the counter, which housed the register, several cake and donut stands, and a large industrial sized coffee maker. Next to that, was a small refrigerator full of sodas sitting beneath a sizable menu board, complete with specials and prices. 
Roast beef huh? Rahab went all out for this temporary setup, I thought, impressed by all he had done so quickly…no doubt with much magick.
The smell of burgers and onion rings wafted in smoky tendrils from between the swinging kitchen doors. Based on her expression, I think the visual aspect of Rahab’s creation passed her test of approval. 
"Something smells really good. I may just have a little something after all.” She commented.  
The kitchen doors swung open and Rahab emerged, looking somewhat comical decked out in a blue chef’s hat and clean white apron, complete with a few grease and food stains. He was already grinning satisfactorily with spatula in hand.
“Cam! Good to see you! How’s it going? Well, who is this beautiful guest you’ve brought with you?” He smiled at first and then furrowed his brows at her bruised face. She was definitely self-conscious about it, though she smiled anyway. Then she brought her hand up to casually cover her injury. I hoped he wouldn’t over-do it. It was a risk to use anything even close to my given name. 
You never revealed your genuine true name just as you never revealed your true self, especially to humans, for many reasons. Some of those reasons involved potential summoning but I seriously doubted that anyone would have ever guessed mine as being Cam`ael, it wasn’t my first true name but it was one of my names. It was forbidden for others’ of our kind, even Angels to reveal another’s name to humans as well as other demons. 
No man knew Morning Star’s original true given name, only what man has referred to him and what Elohim has allowed man to know about it. 
Even I am bound not to speak it. We all went by several names, just like Elohim does. However, all current, long-term and future divine warriors either knew or would soon come to know it one day. Maybe I would even allow Star to know mine.
I hadn’t been mentioned much if at all in the original texts under my true name, even when I was an angel. I was simply known as the Chief Angel of all Powers and I honored the title proudly even after I’d fallen. It still means something to me to this day. I guess that’s why Rahab still feels dead set to continue to call me his Lord despite knowing how I felt about that.
I was created for the purpose of enforcement. My duties were to observe, regulate, and establish boundaries and guidelines. I had to essentially police the use of or the exchange of any magic and powers that were not granted with permission by Elohim, or were being used for bad intentions by all spiritual beings both of light and dark. 
I supposed it was the reason that this disguise had appealed to me so much without thought. I was still somewhat of an authoritative and respected figure, just among humans now. Well, at least it was one of the reasons I chose this persona.
Mine and Rahab’s eyes locked in silent communication, and he the questioning gaze was evident in his eyes. Although he had an idea of what may have happened, I gave him an ‘I’ll tell you later look’ anyway and he nodded. He managed a warm smile once again, approaching us enthusiastically with a hand out to shake hers. 
She looked up at him in awe. I suppose that just like me, Rahab’s size astonished her too, initially. He took on the disguise of a large bodybuilder, muscle bound, and of African American descent with rich, mocha skin coloring. He chose to be completely bald-headed but maintained his normal height of being two inches taller than I was, standing at six foot eight. 
“This is Star.” I introduced.
“Star? That’s a pretty name. I’m Ray. Welcome to some of the best food you’ve had this side of town. I’ll take care of you, so order anything you like. Any friend of Cam’s is like family here. Have a seat.” He hospitably bowed and held out a chivalrous hand towards a barstool.
“Thanks. It’s nice to meet you, Ray. Nice place.” She smiled broadly and I could hear her softly wince at the effort as she eased carefully onto the barstool to avoid hurting her ankle.
Rahab took notice and attempted to help her onto it but I shook my head no, which momentarily confused him. Instead, he continued to grin like a giant kid at a candy store at her compliment.
“Thank you, Star. I’m glad you like it.” He beamed at her, though I could tell that he was really bothered by the injury to her delicate face.
It didn’t look horrible but it was bad and it was obvious that she had been punched with much force. Her delicate light skin appeared burned red and raw beneath the bruising. The void’s mere touch had been deadly, which included the hand imprint around her ankle.
I wasn’t sure why she tried to lie to about how it happened, except that apparently she saw me as an ordinary mortal, so she assumed I wouldn’t believe her. She obviously didn’t want sympathy or help from anyone, which is why I eventually understood her reasoning in lying. 
I hoped that my position as a police officer would allow her to feel comfortable enough to reveal a portion of the truth though. That was the other reason that I had chosen this image of an authority figure. I figured it would also allow access to the University campus if I needed to be in order for her to trust me.
“Um, where are your restrooms?” She asked.
“Oh, straight through those doors.” Rahab pointed to the other end of the trailer.
“Thanks.” She said as she turned and made her way towards the doors that were marked simply: ‘Toilets’. 
It was probably an afterthought. Rahab didn’t think of possibly separating the two and designating male and female signs for each door.
She turned back to face us with a perplexed look and pointed at the sign. “Is it just one for both?” She asked with a raised brow.
“Uh, oh yes…for now.” Rahab laughed off.
“Oh, okay.” She replied as she opened the door and disappeared behind it.
I raised a brow and shook my head in humor at Rahab. He shrugged sheepishly.
I sat at the counter and we both waited until the door closed completely before we began to whisper in Angelic.
“Is it functional?” I asked Rahab, referring to the plumbing.
He waved a hand and recited his memorized incantation quickly.
“It is now.” He grinned.
Rahab could always keep me in good spirits.
“She’s beautiful and she has pretty eyes, too.”
“I know.” I replied.
“Her aura is magnificent. I had no idea.” 
“I know and you can bet that’s why all of the others are after her now, too.”
I was in awestricken when I first saw her in her Professor’s office. The aural shimmer of her aura was almost blinding at first but it was beautiful, just like she was.
Rahab eyed my uniform. “Good choice. It fits you and it’s believable.” Rahab pointed with a nod of approval. 
I raised a brow. “Yeah, well . . . thanks.” I replied looking over the shiny buttons, random medals, and the badge pinned to the black uniform. I simply replicated the image of one that I had seen on another officer on the street.
“Is the gun real?” Rahab then asked.
“Of course it is.”
He grinned and nodded. “Nice touch.”
I looked him over as well. The contrast of the white uniform against his dark chocolate skin was striking. Rahab had outfitted himself to fit his personality to a ‘T’. His head was shiny bald underneath the starched white muffin top chef’s hat, which matched his chef s shirt. He had paired with blue and white checkered hanker chief around his neck. The full apron, though slightly messy, appeared tight against the strain of his bulging muscles beneath the material. 
Knowing what he truly looked like beneath the image and human skin, however, seeing him now, despite the fact that he loved to cook was actually quite comical. I wouldn’t tell him that though. I laughed to myself, making the mental comparison in my own thoughts.
“You should have summoned me to help.” He said with an angered expression.
“I didn’t need help. I just got there a little late. Besides, it looks like you’ve been pretty busy here yourself. A shiny, brand new, sparkling diner— in the middle of the woods, all by itself.” I mentioned with a quick look around the diner once again.
“Well, all diners start out new at some point.” Rahab explained.
He obviously didn’t get my meaning or where I was going with it but that was alright, he did have a point. 
I didn’t want to divulge to Rahab, the task I had been completing for Elohim before arriving back to my dwelling to meet up with him, let alone the conversation between myself and Morning Star.
He sighed and rubbed his face. “This actually didn’t take me long at all because I already knew what I wanted to do. It was just a matter of picking an out of the way spot on purpose. So where did you find her? Is she a nurse?” He then asked.
“There’s a place of health care or something like that for sick and dying people about several miles back. She works there.”
“No wonder there were so many shadows over there. Who did it? Was it a void?” He insisted wanting to know with clenched teeth.
I nodded. “Yeah, and they were trying to drag her to an open portal near the lake behind the hospice. The stupid ass hit her and she bled.” I informed him.
His face turned to surprise. “Hit her? She bled? Oh shit.” Rahab gaped in shock.
 “Shit is an understatement.”
“I hope he doesn’t think that we’re responsible.”
   I shook my head. “He knows, Rahab. Elohim took care of the void in a blink before I could, which I expected but I still would have loved to rip them all apart myself. There were two others that showed up immediately after the first one, trying to finish the task. Elohim let me have them.” I replied with satisfaction. I briefly got lost in my own thoughts.
Rahab’s mouth tightened into a narrow split and his dark brown eyes went wide at the mention of that. It was obvious this news angered Rahab and he seemed to be in his lost in his own thoughts for a moment now, too.
He finally shook his head. “What idiots!” Rahab growled in a low tone.
“Expendable ones that Morning Star intentionally didn’t clarify the rules to, or they lacked the common sense. I’m willing to guess both though.”
“Me too. When we meet later, I think I may have some more information and news on that concert.” Rahab then said.
I perked up. “Good, alright. I’ll find something temporary somewhere nearby then.”
Rahab nodded and then leaned on the counter, moving in closer to me as we listened. The faucet was still running in the bathroom, so she wasn’t emerging any time soon.
“Do you think her death will come sooner now?” He asked genuinely. 
“I don’t know, at least I don’t think it will if I can help it.” 
Rahab’s eyes widened, “Cam`ael, you know you aren’t supposed to…”
“How long have you known me, friend? If Morning Star can do as he pleases, then I’m going to do the same and get as close to breaking the rules as I can to fuck up his plans.” I interjected.
His brows furrowed for a minute and then he grinned big. “That is why I call you my Lord.”
“I’m nowhere near worthy of that title, so you shouldn’t use it lightly— especially in regard to me.” I pointed out.
“Why else are you the only one of our kind that I am aware of who still retains their former light? It is a gift that makes you worthy of that title, at least to all of us, and many others will agree with me on that.” Rahab held up his large hand and defended as if making a testament to his words. 
I sighed and shook my head.
Rahab was actually quite sensitive despite his size and looks, though most would never guess. In fact, in the spirit realm, his looks depicted the complete opposite of his disposition, which was why many were afraid of him.
“She’s keeping their attack on her a secret even from me, which is a good thing. I don’t think my being there counted as interference but I could be wrong.” I said.
“If she is a divine chosen, how come she can’t see us for what we are?” Rahab asked.
“She’s still an imperfect human right now but she can definitely sense us, believe that.” 
Rahab appeared confused for a moment, as if he was pondering that and then he scratched his forehead. “She’s not afraid? I mean, she doesn’t act like she knows something is…not quite right with us,” Rahab then observed.
“She’s not sure what to believe. Typical, but she’s suspicious I’m sure of that much. I suppose she’s just being polite.” I told him.
Rahab nodded, agreeing that probably made more sense. “Did she see you destroy them?”
“No, at least I don’t think so.”
He nodded. “Well, I don’t see why it would not be in your favor. You were helping to protect her. She is a chosen. I will vouch for you, no question. It’s bad enough that she bled but it wasn’t our doing.” He said with a serious expression, shaking his head.
I pursed my lips and gave him a palpable look. “You already know how that goes, my friend. Anyway, don’t call me Lord anything here, ever. It’s just Cam. Have you seen Drakael around?” I then asked. 
Rahab instantly scowled at the mention of his name. “No, and he’d better hope that I don’t. Are you going tell her what we are?” He then inquired.
“I can’t. We aren’t allowed. Just watch what you do and say around her and squash any beef you that have with Drakael while we’re here. It’s a good thing that you masked your brandings,” I warned, finally noticing his bare forearms.
I took off my jacket, and eased onto a barstool at the long counter.
He grunted and then nodded. “I figured that it would be too complicated to explain. Did you hide yours?”
I grinned. “I hadn’t planned on it.”
Rahab’s eyes widened. “Will she be able to see them?”
“We’ll find out.” I replied, taking off the black leather gloves, unbuttoning the shirt cuffs, and then rolling the sleeves partway up my forearms.
“Sneaky, sneaky.” Rahab chuckled, shaking his head.
“No rule against that is there?” I gave a sly smirk.
Rahab shook his head with a shrug. 
“Don’t think so. I’ve been cooking for hours. Whatever she wants, I’ll make. I have a variety of things to use. I had to acquire a strawberry pie from a local bakery place though. I haven’t mastered baking yet.” He said.
“I appreciate that. I’ll take a slice and some of whatever you have in that over there.” I pointed to the large, silver, cylinder shaped container behind the counter.
“It’s coffee,” Rahab said matter-of-factly as if I should have known that.
“Real coffee?” I asked with raised brows.
“I created, ground, and brewed it fresh myself a few moments ago when you said you were on your way. It’s real. Everything else I got is real and fresh too.” Rahab pursed his lips with annoyance.
I held my hands up in consolation. “Alright, I believe you and I appreciate it.”
The restroom door opened again just as we ceased our conversation, and Rahab and I turned to watch her as she made her way back over to the counter slowly, and eased back onto the barstool beside me. She had combed her hair and pulled her gorgeous spiral curls back into new pony tail. It looked as if she had washed her face as well. It was brighter and she seemed more awake, though a hint of faint dark circles still remained beneath her eyes. 
Just as I predicted, her eyes immediately zoned in on the brandings along my forearms, wrists, and palms.
She could see them. I was excited about that fact though I already had a feeling that she would be able to since she could see my cloaked signature, and she could sense my energy.
First, her beautiful sapphire eyes held surprise, then curiosity, and finally admiration. I was sure she didn’t want to seem rude when she turned away, reached for a paper menu, and then began to scan the selections. I could tell that she was still staring at my forearms from her periphery, as if she were debating on asking me about them. 
I knew she wanted to
The texture of her skin was smooth and even, the color of soft, lightly sun-kissed, honey beige. Her eyes were even more of a vivid dark navy blue underneath her long, thick dark brown lashes, and her lips were full and naturally pink, like the color of the inside of a ruby grapefruit. She had a cute button nose and I wanted so badly to stroke her soft cheek and her delicate lips. 
I wasn’t so much simply marveling at her beauty but trying to analyze or find the very reasons of why her aura was so much stronger than the other chosen. Surely, there had to be some tale-tell things that would give way as to why Morning Star wanted her so badly.
   Rahab nudged me hard, snapping me out of my hypnotic admiration of her after he finished pouring my coffee. He then slid the steaming aromatic cup in front of me, and then moved over to carefully cut a perfect slice from the pie sitting inside a glass display stand. He set it on a small plate, putting a fork on the side, and then placed it in front me. I was grateful for his reminder, since I didn’t want her to look over to find me ogling her so intently.
“I think I’ll just have a cheeseburger with everything and the tater tots— oh and a coke.” She ordered, closing the menu, and setting it back neatly where it had been.
“Coming right up.” Rahab smiled enthusiastically, bowing his head and backing up through the swinging kitchen doors. He had to duck his head to fit, just as he had done when he came out of it.
We were left alone for the moment and I covertly heated the plate by touch to warm the pie, immediately inhaling the sweet scent of warm strawberries that made my mouth water. 
Her brow quirked at the sudden aroma of the warm pie that apparently reached her nose too and she looked down at my plate, and then up at me.
“Wow, I can really smell it now. It looks good, too. I haven’t had a really good pie in a while.”
“Here.” I said sliding my plate over to her. 
She stopped me and slid the plate back over to me. “No, you eat it. If I have room I may just get a slice too. I love strawberries.” She smiled.
I nodded.
“Me too.” I smiled too with quaint surprise.
“So where does the name Star come from? I’m just curious.” I asked her after a brief bout of silence, where she took the opportunity to look around and admire the jukebox.
I already knew her full name.
She turned back to face me and then seemed to hesitate. She shifted slightly on the barstool and sighed, “Um, it’s short for Starling,” She said passively.
I smiled. “Starling? That’s beautiful, I like that.” I told her sincerely.
“Yeah, it’s cute.” She said nonchalantly.
“You don’t like it?”
“Not really. I mean, I do but my parents and my grandmother were the only ones who ever called me that, and they’re all deceased.” She said, drawing the obvious emotions that statement brought on back into herself and flashing me a quick smile.
“There’s a lot of meaning in names. Starling has many meanings where I’m from. Star describes first chosen of the light, one who is special, unique, and highly favored. I think both variations fit you.” I told her.
She seemed a bit surprised and speechless at my compliment at first when she looked up at me. I was relieved to see her smile but I hoped that she didn’t take it as me coming on too strongly.
“And where are you from?” She asked softly.
The very moment that our eyes locked, I was lost in hers, trying to delve deeper into her thoughts, her weaknesses, her ideas, and her emotions. They were all a complete mystery to me.
The power of her gaze was about as penetrating as my own, and I revered how her dark sapphire colored eyes sparkled with an innocent wisdom and curiosity. I wondered what she was seeing in mine and what she was thinking this very moment as well.
“The old world,” I smiled, looking down at my pie and cutting into it with my fork. I had to do something in order to break my underlying urges from continuing to manifest within me.
She nodded. “I thought something like that. I mean you open doors for me or is that just a cop thing?”
“No, it isn’t just a cop thing.”
 I chuckled because I found her comment humorous. I was relieved that she apparently had a different predisposed idea of what I had meant by the old world.
Her beautiful smile grew even brighter at that moment, despite the nasty bruising and cut that marred her lip. There was another momentary silence and then she cleared her throat. Her demeanor changed to a more of a cheery one to match her smile.
“So were you two like college buddies or something, basketball or football all-stars by any chance?” Her eyes sparkled when she asked, leaning forward on the counter with her arms folded in front of her. 
I laughed. Stereotyping was she? 
“No, not athletes but we are long time good friends.” 
She nodded as her eyes casually traveling back down to my forearms with renewed curiosity once again. She was dying to ask me about my brandings since she first saw them, just as I had hoped she would. 
The intricate ones along my forearms and wrists were where my weapons were marked, and from where they were wielded. Something she’d come to know and understand in the spirit realm once she became a full divine warrior. 
She gave a nod to my forearms, studying them with fascination. “I didn’t know they allowed those kinds of tattoos, being a police officer.” She commented.
I paused for a moment.
That wasn’t the initial question I had expected from her.
“They don’t, not usually but in my case they made an exception.” I tried to search for a lie.
 Her brows furrowed. 
“Really? Well, what are they? I mean usually there’s something prophetic or poetic in tattoos. I’ve never seen ones like yours before though. They almost look, tribal.” She said, intently examining them with more interest now.
They weren’t actually tattoos, even though they resembled them. We all had some sort of branding in the form of weapons and magick, or both. They were branded into the flesh to become one with the being, and all you had to do was simply will them in order to wield them. I had received mine as an Angel but the marks and lines had instantly morphed into a dark, brick red color once I fell, and my bonded weapon became cursed along with me.
“They are, sort of. They’re actually symbols that stand for all things infinite, just, resolute and undefeatable.” I explained to her, which wasn’t far from the truth.
“That one looks almost like the shape of a sword.” She pointed to the drawn lines that marked the inside of my right forearm; running its length to my palm and pointing towards the crook of my elbow.
I took adoration in her wonder of me. Her guess had been correct. It was my main weapon, a full, obsidian, double-edged, diamond grade, sword, baptized in my own blood with a glyphic inscribed edge of light to add more power to its deadly strike.
“It’s something like that.” I told her.
“They’re incredible. I like them. Where did you get them done?” She asked, appreciating the design and artwork.
 I smiled, unable to keep from watching and admiring her again.
“A friend. It was freelance work.” I lied again.
“Oh.” She seemed disappointed.
I wished that I could tell her that one of the divines gifted with the affinity of weaponry, would be branding hers onto her own arms and hands. Because then, I could also warn her that it was going to be the worst and most painful experience that she has ever felt in all her life.
I wondered what her weapon would be. I pictured her with maybe something like a mace, ninjato like sword, or a cross bolt but nothing too heavy for her size — not that great strength would be an issue. She would have that automatically no matter what her stature. 
And then another thought saddened me to even contemplate.
“So, are you a nurse or thinking of being one?” I felt inclined to change the subject and push that depressing thought away.
“I’m not a nurse. I just volunteer there as an aide.” She said.
“Volunteer? I find that virtuous in a place like that.” I replied.
She smiled coyly again, averting her eyes from mine and pretending to admire the diner’s décor. I found myself gazing at her in awe once again, I couldn’t help doing it.
“Here we go, a burger with the works with tater tots fresh and hot.” Rahab announced as he pushed through the doors, toting a well-stacked hamburger, small golden brown discs, and an unopened red can of Coca-Cola.
This sandwich was nearly as big as her head and I wondered how she would eat it. It did look mouth-watering, arranged and plated picture-perfectly, and smelling just as delicious as it all looked. It wouldn’t have taken Rahab any time at all to finish her order but being the good friend that he was, Rahab had purposefully taken his time to give us a moment to be alone to talk.
I glanced at Rahab wryly, my eyes traveled to the size of the monstrously thick burger— complete with the works and then to her delicate mouth.
His mouth formed a silent ‘O’, as if he didn’t even consider how she’d be able to eat it.
“Um, I could cut it in half or quarter it for you.” he offered.
She shook her head. “No, no need. It looks amazing. Thank you, Ray.” She smiled, carefully licking her lips and pushing a stray tendril of hair behind her ear. Rahab slid her meal and coke in front of her.
Rahab and I exchanged surprised glances at her tenacity. We watched as she opened the bun and commenced to drown the cheese covered patty in ketchup.
“You are quite welcome.” He bowed and gushed in the compliment she gave.
Rahab loved to cook and even more when his guests gave him positive feedback, as any chef would. Rahab pretended to wipe the counter but we were both amused and curious. I ate my pie and we both continued to watch her out of our peripheries.
She hesitated and worked her mouth a bit to test how much it would hurt before she managed to finally take a good sized bite out of it— impressing us both. For someone as small as she was, I couldn’t see her finishing that burger, let alone the burger and tater tots but she did.
Being satiated and full had definitely changed her mood and she no longer seemed preoccupied with what happened. That had been my whole goal. Now, I could pick up on the exhaustion from her drained energy and I knew it was time to take her back to her apartment. It was evident that she needed much rest. Though I wanted to talk to her longer, just us two alone, I knew that I’d get more opportunities soon, so I would be patient. Rahab loved her already, I could tell, and so far there were no visible signs of Drakael or the displeasure of Elohim over my interference in the mortal realm…yet.
She made herself comfortable and leaned back in the passenger seat. She was silent at first, so I didn’t speak either, allowing her to sleep on the drive back to the University. It allowed me to think about what was to come and what I would do about it. 
She hadn’t moved or spoken since leaning back in the seat, so I assumed that she had indeed fallen asleep. Her face was turned towards the passenger window and her body rocked gently with the motion of the cruiser. 
She was so vulnerable right now. The seeds of trust that I meant to plant were slowly being sown. That was my master plan.
She awoke and yawned just as I pulled into the street paralleling the expansive parking lot of the university on the left. She stretched and sat up straighter, realizing where we were.
“Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t realize that I fell asleep on you. That was one big burger but it really hit the spot.” She said.
I laughed softly. “Don’t worry about it. I knew it was coming anyway. Once all the adrenaline dies down— not to mention topping it off with food, it was inevitable.” I told her.
She laughed a bit. “The burger was delicious though. I— didn’t snore, did I?” She asked with sincerity while she rubbed her eyes and then glanced over at me.
I laughed again. “A little.” I joked.
She was mortified.
“I’m kidding.” I smirked.
She pursed her lips in a timid smile but with a look of relief.
Actually, I hadn’t been kidding but I didn’t want her to feel embarrassed about it. I liked that fact that even though she was beautiful, she was a human being. She was strong- willed, imperfect, vulnerable, yet brave and that in itself was something that I admired more than anything about mortals in general.
“It wasn’t that I didn’t want to talk. I guess I didn’t realize just how exhausted I really have been lately. The catnap was much needed. Oh, turn here and make this curve, then a right at the stop sign and head all the way down past sorority row towards the dead end. Then make a left at the next stop sign. My apartment building will be the last large, gray brick building on the left at the end of the circle.” She said as she shifted and moved to gather her things.
“You don’t live in the dorms?” 
“The apartments are still considered on campus living.”
“Why not just live on campus?” I questioned.
She groaned at the mention of it. “I used to last year but my roommate and I moved over the summer once we were able to. I guess since I’ve been an only child, I’m a little spoiled and used to having everything of my own. My roommate is my best friend anyway, so it works fine for me. Privacy is a pricey privilege but it’s worth it to have your own bathroom and kitchen. I mean the apartment building is still set up like the other campus halls inside and we have several RA’s, too.” She explained.
“I see. Well I can definitely understand that. Is she there now?”
“More than likely but I’m sure she’s already asleep.” She said glancing at the time on her cell phone display that she had been scrolling through.
I felt awkward, wanting to ask her out but unsure how she would take it. Would it be too forward? Maybe she had a boyfriend. I did see the name Joel Carson on her phone when her cell phone rang earlier. She did meet him in the courtyard earlier before they left together for lunch. He certainly adored her from the scent and vibes that I picked up from him but her scent and vibes about him remained neutral to me, even though she obviously liked and cared about him it seemed. I found him peculiar too, something about his aura struck me as strange yet familiar, and I couldn’t quite put my finger on it.
I found myself becoming more and more charmed and reverent past being simply filled with lust for her. The longer we talked, and we talked about many general things surrounding the university and a few topics in the news, the more I became captivated with her. Even Rahab turned on the charm and couldn’t stop flirting with her, too. There was something about her that brought out warmth and benevolence that didn’t think I had much of in me, and I wondered if that was what made her so different and why her aura so bright. I wanted to know more about her. This could not be the last time I would be with her.
I prayed that the gift from Elohim was that he would grant me permission to be able to have more time with her, even knowing that it would lead nowhere. Regardless, her time as a mortal was running short and coming to an end very soon. Deep down, I knew that I was not allowed to have this because he would stop it or take it away from me if it came anywhere remotely close to a physical relationship. Even I would not be able to push those limits and get away with it nor would I even try to, especially when I’ve already given my word.
If Elohim remembered anything in his creation of me, it was that I’ve always kept my word, not counting the original disobedience that got me cast out of heaven. Morning Star may have been right on one aspect, as much as I hated to think and remind myself of it. I was cursed to forever be used as a tool for pleasure… mine and both mortal and immortal women. I would always be desired and idolized for my looks alone but in my defense, none of the women actually took the time to know me and I never bothered to get to know any of them. 
However, I often pondered what would happen if I actually took that time for once. I wanted to with Star but she was going to be a divine warrior. She wouldn’t even know or remember me after that. We would become and remain enemies. She would hate and desire to slay me—and I may just let her to end my existence once and for all. 
I found a space and parked the cruiser, turning off the engine. I think it surprised her, wondering why I had done so. I wasn’t about to let her walk in there on her own, especially considering her bad ankle. Who would stop or question me? I was an officer with a badge and a gun.
She moved to open the passenger side door but I spoke first. “Wait, I still want to know what really happened to your face.”
She turned to face me in surprise. 
I figured I’d take another shot at the question and hope to get the truth this time since we had broken the ice per se.
She sighed. “You wouldn’t believe me. No one would, so what does it matter?” She replied softly.
It was my turn to look at her with my full attention now. I fixed her with a serious gaze that I hoped would convey to her that I was listening and that I would believe her because I already knew anyway.
I switched on the overhead light so that she could see me better. She looked away for a moment, thinking.
“Try me.”
She paused and then shook her head. “It…was a freak thing.” She began as if she didn’t want to give me the truth just yet.
“I’m listening.”
She looked up at me and then closed her eyes for a minute.
The shape of her face was like a perfect, fragile doll. I hated that ugly bruising that spoiled her delicate, full pout.
She sat back against the seat and we both sat in silence as I waited for her to speak.
“In my experiences, I’ve seen the ugliest sides of humanity at its worst and horrors that you could never even begin to imagine. I’ve always managed to keep an open mind. I’ve had to. Anyone in this world would be a fool not to, so don’t think that anything you want to tell me will seem silly, unbelievable, or ridiculous.” I told her to give her an opening.
She looked over at and eyed me. “Don’t be so sure about that. What horrors are you talking about?” She asked with interest. Her pretty eyes were brightening and she seemed more alert once again.
I smiled and assuredly said, “Let’s just say that there is very little that would or could ever shock or surprise me.”
She paused. “Do you believe that there’s more in the world around us—than meets the eye? Like other-worldly forces?” She then asked.
“Other-worldly forces? Like Aliens? Ghosts?” I said on purpose, wanting her to come right out and say the word— even though it agitated the mere surface of my skin and ears to simply hear that misnomer regarding myself and those in my legion.
She sighed and chuckled. “No, not ghosts or Aliens. Other things, like the forces of good and evil.” She clarified.
I nodded. “I’ve always believed in things like that.”
She seemed surprised at my response, which was a good thing.
She smiled and nodded with a glance out of the window towards her apartment.
“Well, I’ll leave it at that then, for now. I’m on the verge of crashing again so I don’t really wanna get into anything heavy.” She stifled a yawn and opened the car door.
I couldn’t believe that she was going to leave me hanging like that, or was she implying that she’d like to see me again? Should I take a chance and ask her out anyway?
I opened my door too, not waiting for her to protest but feeling that she was about to anyway. I got out and came around to help her.
She stepped out and gathered her things. “Um, thanks. You don’t have to walk me to my apartment though.”
“No, but I want to make sure that you make it in okay.”
“The only danger here would be the trip up to the second floor. We don’t have elevators.”
“Stairs? Dangerous enough, there’s no question then.” I quickly cut in and picked up her, the crutch and her bags, all in one move, carrying her all the way up to the front doors. She weighed nothing, which further angered me more thinking back to the void demon that hit and man-handled her so roughly.
She gasped, surprise branding her face but she held onto me, still clutching her purse and tote bag against her body with her other arm.
I believe I rendered her speechless.
“Don’t— I can walk…” She tried to convince me but I ignored her, holding her firmly against me.
She continued to argue against my assistance, to which I continued to ignore her protests until she eventually resigned with a sigh. 
Giving up, she pulled out a card key with her photo printed on it. It was a badge that was attached to a retractable clip and she waved it in front of the electronic reader. It beeped and the red light changed to green.
I backed up to open the door and headed inside. There were a few female students sitting around the lobby and engaged in quiet conversations on the sofas. This appeared to be a common lounge room, complete with several types of vending machines, a wall mounted television, tables, chairs, and couches. The instant they saw us, they all ceased what they had been doing with mouths agape and eyes wide with curiosity. 
I already knew why they were staring. She instantly blushed, not saying a word.
“Down the hall to the right at the very end, there’s a stairwell. It’s apartment sixteen B on the second floor.” She quickly said. 
I followed her directions.
“I’m never gonna hear the end of this one.” She shook her head, her face red with embarrassment.
“Being injured?” I smiled.
“That part I can live with.”
“Well, you’ll definitely be popular in the next few days explaining this one.” I joked.
“Thanks.” She said, meaning it sarcastically. Then she closed her eyes in order to avoid further eye contact with the other curious girls.
I made a point to move quickly. Once I rounded the corner into the stairwell, I briskly climbed the stairs and pushed through the next single, heavy wooden door. For behaving as if she didn’t want me carrying her, little did she realize that her body was conveying a much different message, and that couldn’t be hidden from me no matter what she did. 
The scent of lust and craving permeating from her was incredibly strong but she was playing it off well. Her face showed no sign that she obviously found me sexually attractive. That didn’t surprise me though. I could hear her heart thumping rapidly with excitement in her chest. As for me, I don’t think I’ve ever fought against something so hard in my existence and I prayed that I remained— not so physically obvious, by the time I put her down.
Once we entered the corridor where her apartment was located, she sighed in relief, realizing that it was empty. 
“I can walk from here, thanks.” She insisted once again and I finally conceded, putting her down gently.
I heard her barely moan softly when I purposefully slid her down the length of my torso, smiling internally to myself.
She seemed flustered. She was blushing a deep red color while she worked to fish her keys out of her purse, all while making sure to avoid eye contact with me. 
I thought it was cute.
I remained following close behind her, watching her walk. The limp that she had earlier wasn’t as bad as it had been but it was definitely still there. I looked around, memorizing the place and her apartment number, so that I would be able to ghost in later any time I wanted.
I had no intentions of spying on her but I needed to know how to get to her quickly if she needed me.
“Well, this is it. Thank again, for everything Officer…”
“Just Cam.”
She smiled, her face blushing that adorable pink again.
“Right, sorry. Cam.” She corrected herself.
 I made sure to stand at enough of a distance away from her so she didn’t have to look so far up at me. I could have adjusted my height to something more reasonable but I didn’t want to be unprepared for one of the main reasons that I was here in first place.
“You should stay off of your ankle for a day or so if you can.” I suggested.
“I will, or I’ll try. I have early classes unfortunately, and I’m gonna need it to work by Saturday. I can’t disappoint my students.” She replied.
I wrinkled my brow. “Students?”
“Yeah. I’m a gymnastics coach at the YMCA on the weekends.”
“Wow, you have a full schedule. Volunteer too?”
She shrugged a shoulder and laughed, “No, gotta make some sort of a living. I mean it is minimum wage but I love kids and gymnastics, so it doesn’t even seem like work to me.”
I found her so refreshing and admirable. The more I looked at and listened to her, the more of me she had in her palm.
There was a brief silence.
Just then, the heavy wooden door at the end of the hall swung open and she shook her head with a pained expression.  
“I knew it was only a matter of time.” She whispered.
Four girls approached us, three were blonde, and one had dark hair. Two of them I remembered from the lounge when we first came in. From the looks of it, they were either cheer leaders or models, and it didn’t look like Star thought very highly of them either. She immediately stuck her key into the lock of her apartment door, and rolled her eyes in disdain.
They all wore some sort of fashionable night clothes, even on a chilly night like this. I was pleased to see that the clothing was quite skimpy, which left a lot of tantalizingly sweet flesh visible. As an automatic response, my eyes began to glow as my lust mounted but none of the girls noticed. I quickly turned my face away from Star though, because she definitely would.
“Oh my God— Star are you alright? You’re face…that looks painful and horrible.” The tall, slender, brown-eyed blond in the front spoke first with perfectly rehearsed, over exaggerated sentiment. 
She gaped at Star and her entourage followed suit, looking more so at me with inviting, curious smiles.
“Officer, what happened?” The short blonde with blue eyes asked.
“Nothing, everything is fine.” Star replied quickly.
“Just a little accident. She’s okay.” I added.
“Well, thank God you were there to help and bring Star back safely, Officer…Black.” The brown eyed blonde with a portrait smile commented. 
She craned her neck and almost fell backwards, just to read the nametag above my badge, all the while thrusting her chest forward while gazing up at me.
They were all looking up at me in the same manner. So much for showing Star concern but I now understood why she had rolled her eyes in the first place upon their arrival.
“Did you get into a fight or something?” The dark haired one asked her nonchalantly.
Star cut her eyes to her, “No, not yet.” She replied flatly, more towards the brown-eyed blonde though. She and I both apparently shared the same sense of humor.
They all continued to stare at her bruised mouth and I could tell that it more angered than embarrassed her. 
“What’s with the crutch?” The seeming leader of the group asked her, apparently used to Star’s sarcasm.
“I hurt my ankle.” She told them all in exasperation.
“Damn, that sucks. Did you get into car accident?” The blonde one feigned a pout and asked.
“No.” Star simply answered, still refusing to divulge any information to the nosy group.
The girl wrinkled her brow as if Star’s answers made no sense in relation to her injuries.
“Fall down the stairs? Injury at the gym?” The brown-eyed blonde continued to try and guess but I could hear a distinct note of sarcasm in her voice too.
“Good night, Logan.” Star finally cut all of the badgering short with a pleasant half-smile despite her bruised lip. She opened and cracked open her door, prepared to head inside.
I adored her way of polite saying ‘screw you all’.
The one she called Logan, rolled her eyes and shook her head with a sigh of consternation that made me realize that there was an apparent rivalry of some sort between her and Star on some level. I was sure it had something to do with Logan’s arrogant demeanor. I could already sense it by simply watching her body language and the underlying tones in her voice. It was laced with envy in the way that she spoke to Star.
If these girls only knew that in the end, Star would be one of the ones destined to protect them, given that they’d even make it. I wished I could tell or even show them, especially Star but it wouldn’t have been believed or accepted anyway, even if I were allowed to. I could see Morning Star taking girls like this first. They were his favorites because they made excellent slave lovers for him. He would either spare them for his personal collection, rent them out, or keep them for breeding more children. 
They really didn’t seem too concerned with her answers, so I came to her final rescue.
“Well, I’ll let you get some rest. It was a pleasure to meet you— not given the circumstances, but if you ever need anything, do not hesitate to give me a call,” I told her, pulling out a business card that I magically conjured just seconds ago from my back pocket. It looked professional enough. I only hoped that she didn’t try to call the police department to verify who I was just yet. 
I handed her the card and her bags. She reluctantly took the crutch and then smiled when she glanced at the card, looking up at me with surprised expectation. Then both her brows went up in question.
I think she took the obvious hint in my giving her my personal contact information and I didn’t care what the other girls thought either.
“Thanks for everything. The show’s all yours this time. Good luck and goodnight.” She smirked at me as she opened the door without another glance at the girls. She took a step inside and started to close it behind her but not before I got a quick glimpse of what looked like the kitchen, first.
“We are so glad that we have an officer with your dedication around campus. You are here around campus right? I’m Logan by the way.” The brown eyed blonde in the front instantly stuck her hand out to shake.
I shook it, admiring the full creamy slopes of her breasts. They seemed to spill out of her flimsy camisole top as her robe conveniently fell open in the front.
I licked my lips, looking at all of them and then sighed.
No, don’t do it, I told myself.
“Around campus? You look like you’re metropolitan.” The shorter blonde commented, after gazing over my uniform.
“Ladies, have a great night and stay safe,” I tipped my hat with a quick smile, taking a step towards the direction of the wooden door. They parted the way for me, having surrounded me like cats in heat. 
I began to briskly walk away, forcing myself not to look back and even consider what I was thinking about those young, supple girls.
“Oh wait, Officer Black…” Logan called out.
I shouldn’t have stopped but I did. I turned around, my eyes scanning her bare legs from her calves, to her thighs, to her crotch.
“Yes?” I kept a straight face.
The intense rush and onslaught of hormones and the strong scent of passion and desire coming from all of the girls at the same time was not helping. It was almost overwhelming, even for me right now given how I was already feeling about Star.
“Well, are you— like working our campus now? Or are you metropolitan?” She repeated with an innocent princess smile. I thought about that one for a moment. That would be perfect. Of course, I’d have to tweak some things as far as the staff here went and even the nearest police department after all— and soon.
Then I thought of Star again, after a quick glance at the door of her apartment. 
“You may see more of me around soon. You girls have a good night.” I smiled and continued onward back to the wooden door. I had to leave before I gave in and acted upon my natural urges.
I instantly heard them began to chitter with excitement, talking about me and then Star, and then me again. All of their eyes were still glued to my back and waves of potent lust kept hitting me in one powerful rush after the other. The one called Logan whispered—loud and clear to me, that she wanted and would get me because there was no way that I could be interested in Star, which is how the other girls had taken it. I’d keep that and her in mind the next time I needed a release for any darkness I’d taken in.
Thinking of Star helped to curb that familiar innate urge in me though and I was thankful. I was trying to kick the habit, especially since I would not be returning to Morning Star’s domain any time in the near or distant future.
I wasn’t ready to completely leave yet. I headed back down to the first floor and out of the front doors, walking the entire perimeter of the apartment complex before heading back to the cruiser where I sat and waited … for the Logan girl to return to her apartment.

X: Starling

China left the overhead light on above the electric stove for me. From the still lingering aroma, I could tell that she had blown out one of her infamous scented candles not long ago too. The scent of fresh laundry detergent and spring flowers still hung pleasingly in the air. Thankfully, she was asleep already, which was no surprise considering it was a little past two in the morning.
The bruise and cut looked even worse now than from when I had originally seen it in the bathroom mirror, and then again at the diner. I guess it was from forcing my mouth around that monster burger. It was one of the best burgers I’ve had in a while though.
 My injury was definitely something that I dreaded having to explain to China and Joel. Yesterday day started out badly with my dream but it ended sweetly in the arms of an incredibly gorgeous man in uniform. 
I liked him carrying me, feeling his rock solid, muscular arms around my body — cradling me against his broad, firm chest. It would have been more ideal if it were on a beach at sunset or up a winding staircase, like Scarlet O’Hara.
I sighed and examined my face again in the full length mirror attached to my closet door and then I glanced down at my ankle. There was no way I could play these injuries off to anyone if Logan didn’t run her mouth but it was already a guarantee.
The thought made me groan in despair. I opened the closet door, intent on storing the crutch and then undressed. Finding my pj’s, I readied for a quick shower and a long, restful sleep, preferably for the next two or three days.
I spied the box of sample Ambien’s that China had gotten for me on my bedside table, and the self-help book she so graciously picked up on the side, still sitting on my dresser where I had tossed it. I picked up the box and read the back label and dosage instructions. Popping one out of the foil package, I carried it with me, making a pit stop in the kitchen to down it with a glass of water before finally heading to the bathroom.
I didn’t need it to sleep, I needed it to make sure that I would sleep peacefully…without any impending nightmares.

God, I needed that hot shower and it didn’t take long for me to feel the powerfully drowsy effects of the Ambien’s beginning to take over. I made sure to keep quiet when I closed the bathroom door behind me, not bothering to turn on any lights that China might be able to see under her closed bedroom door. I didn’t need her to wake up right now.
I hobbled straight for my room. My door had been ajar, so I relied on using the cone of soft light spilling from inside to guide myself. 
I don’t think that what happened at the Hospice or in Professor Phillips’ office earlier, would be the last of everything, and that really scared me but I was way too sleepy to continue to ponder it. I cursed to myself, realizing that I needed to get some ice on my ankle if I wanted to be able to walk at all tomorrow. 
I silently stumbled into the kitchen, already feeling as though I was trudging through quicksand as relaxed as my legs had become via the Ambien’s. I made a simple icepack consisting of a plastic freezer bag and crushed ice, then sealed and wrapped it all up into a hand towel before finally retreating towards my room.
“Hey, you’re back. Why you didn’t call last night?” I heard China whisper, followed by a long yawn.

I jumped a bit, almost tripping over my sore ankle and biting down hard on my bottom lip to stop the ‘S’ and ‘F’ words from flying out of my mouth and causing more pain to my injured lip. My eyes instantly watered.
I didn’t even hear China open her bedroom door. She hugged herself, clad in her flannel pajama bottoms and tank top. Her short, asymmetrically cut auburn hair was askew and her eyes were still squinty.
I knew she really couldn’t see my face, so I ducked into my room quickly just to make sure.
“Yeah, sorry…I was really tired. I didn’t even think about it.” I told her, lifting my leg behind me so as not to stand on my ankle at all.
Crap, I had forgotten to tell Lenell that I made it back okay last night too but then again I had good reason. I hadn’t planned to spend the rest of the evening with Cam either. The very thought of made me smile just thinking about him again.
She’d scold me but she’d understand.
“Oh, well did you eat? There’s leftover casserole.” She pointed to the fridge as zombie-walked into the kitchen.
Don’t flip on the light, don’t flip on the light. I kept repeating to myself in my head as I watched her, ready to duck completely into my room and close the door.
She didn’t. I blew out a breath of relief.
“I had something already so I’m really full, but thanks.”
“Uh huh, I get it Star. You either don’t like my tuna casserole or my cooking in general. Are you doing okay?” She teased and then asked.
I laughed, feeling warm and fuzzy now.
“It’s the tuna casserole — not a fan. Anyway, I took some of that Ambien about ten minutes ago and I’m really starting to feel it so — I may need you to hold a mirror under my nose tomorrow.” I drawled.
She giggled. “Good. Will do. Now get some rest. Good night.”
“Night.” I told her, sighing in relief once again after closing my door.
I made a makeshift hill of pillows to elevate my ankle at the foot of the bed. Once beneath the warmth of my jersey knit sheets and thick comforter, I balanced the ice pack carefully on my still tender and sore ankle and then snuggled in with my head between two pillows, pulling my body pillow into a snug hug for support. I pressed the power button on the remote to turn on the nineteen inch television that I had on a small television stand at the end of my bed, for a light source. I left the volume on very low, and then sighed at the chilling relief of the ice, finally succumbing to sleep while thinking about Officer Cam Black.

~~~***~~~

The smell of melted provolone cheese, garlic, and pepperoni roused my senses, making me stir. I took my time stretching with a long yawn, finding myself still buried beneath an avalanche of blankets and pillows. I had gone through an entire night actually sleeping for a change. It was the first night in a long, long time, and it was peaceful. No dreams, no images of the end of the world, and no demons trying to kill me. It was the way that sleep was supposed to be and I felt so much better.
I pulled the comforter down from my head, seeing the bright yellow slices of sun trying to force their way in through my blinds. They created a bright, lined pattern of black and gold shadows on the far wall. Gorgeous sun after a stormy night mean that maybe today would be a good day.

So, was China making a pizza for breakfast or did she have a pizza scented candle? Either way it smelled good. My stomach growled, surprising to me since the huge hamburger was probably still sitting in it, so I really wasn’t as hungry as it was trying to make me believe. I took a moment to just lie in bed and relax. 
The thought and vision of Cam slipped into my oncoming daydream.
I enjoyed being with him. The attraction definitely physical and I almost told him what really happened. Something about him made me want to. He seemed to genuinely understand and he wanted to know but I wasn’t sure how to even begin.
I was pretty positive that was why he gave me his card…well one of the reasons, I think. I wanted to call but I think I’ll wait a few days first. He had to have a girlfriend if he wasn’t married. Cop or not, he was still a guy, which meant that he was still susceptible to possible player status, too. He seemed like the flirty type beneath the surface. 
I yawned again, taking my time to stretch each muscle once again, particularly flexing my ankle, which actually felt much better this morning. Ice usually does the trick, then again I hadn’t stood up on it yet. The makeshift icepack had melted completely and was either lying on the floor somewhere or mixed up in my sheets — hopefully not leaking. I didn’t bother to look for it.
My face on the other hand was still sore and tender. I reached up, gently touching it and winced. It wasn’t as swollen as yesterday though, which was a good thing, but maybe keeping a low profile for a day or two might not be such a bad idea. I glanced over on the nightstand to check my phone for the time, already noticing the text indicator light flashing.
I bolted upright, unable to comprehend if I were truly reading the time correctly. It read twelve twenty two — in the afternoon. Damn! I’ve already missed two of my morning classes! Why hadn’t China woken me up?
I flung the covers off of me, almost tripping, annoyed and freaking out because I hated rushing. Once I stood, I shrieked, unprepared for the fresh burst of pain in my ankle that halted me once I put all my weight on it. This time — I let it all out and unleashed a tirade of curse words with tears in my eyes. 
After whining at my crippling dilemma and pain, the next thing that caught my eye…was my room. It was clean; not that it was really messy but I wasn’t a neat freak either. The television was still on showing some cooking show. 
My dresser was neatly arranged. 
All of my make-up had been stacked and placed by size, type, and color, and my perfume bottles sat together in two rows, the smaller ones in the front. All of the caps were replaced on my lotion tubes and pens, which were also organized neatly in the places designated by whoever did this.  My papers and textbooks lay in a neat pile on my dresser at the end nearest to the door.
The surfaces had even been dusted and the natural, brown laminate surface shone in its original glossy finish. I paused to look around, bewildered. 
There was no way China would have taken it upon herself to clean up my room. She wasn’t the type and she certainly wasn’t going to do it while I was in here asleep.
I sure as hell didn’t do it — or did I? I wondered.
I leaned over to grab my phone from the nightstand again so I could check my text messages, figuring maybe China did do it and had let me know.
I finally noticed that the box of Ambien’s that I left on the bedside table — was now gone, and the self-help book she had gotten me was back on my nightstand, again.
Alright, someone was messing with me now, I was sure of it.
 I know I had thrown it onto my dresser yesterday and I hadn’t picked it up since, nor did I intend to. Maybe China put it back to further the hint in case I changed my mind.
China wouldn’t have taken the sleeping pills back though. She wanted me to take them, so did I put them somewhere else? 
Damn, I sure needed them too.
Whatever happened, I apparently slept through it all, which alarmed me, even though it was nice to have been able to actually sleep for a change.
I stepped carefully, limping slightly over to my dresser and began looking behind, under, and in things but they were nowhere to be found. However, there was one thing that I did find that shouldn’t have been there at all.
I wrinkled my brow and paused, gaping at it for a moment before finally picking it up to inspect it closer. 
It was a large feather, but not just any feather. This one was super white, soft as cotton, gilded with a gossamer gold lining, and incredibly beautiful. I had never seen a feather like this before, both in size and design, and I’ve never felt one as soft in comparison to all of the stray bird ones that I’d picked up in my life. 
Was this real or some kind of novelty thing. The more important question being, where the hell did it come from? Why was it placed on top of my jewelry box as if on purpose?
Maybe it had been China, I thought as I rolled the quill end between my forefinger and thumb.
The edges seemed to move like spun threads of gold, shimmering and sparkling when held at certain angles. Though the tip was clean, it looked like it had been attached to something organic, which I found — odd.
I could smell the familiar scent of what I had picked up on earlier when I was in the car with Cam…the scent of cinnamon, rain, and something like toasted cloves or sweet spices. I held the feather closer to my nose and inhaled, the scent was coming from the feather. 
I don’t know what birds smelled like but something told me that apart from the sheer size of it, this wasn’t a normal kind of bird. 
Maybe it was some kind of factory made novelty item but why would China leave this in here? Well, there was only one way to find out and if I’ve already missed half of my classes for the day, then I may as well make a day of it completely and catch up on errands, maybe even do a bit of shopping once I checked my funds.
China wasn’t here. 
She cooked the pizza not long ago though, and left a note for me that said she had gone to the store and had some studying to do after her afternoon classes, so she’d be back this evening. She left me some several slices of a supreme pizza and it did look appetizing. 
I went to brush my teeth as carefully, and as thoroughly as I could, and then inspected the bruises and the cut on my lip afterwards.  It didn’t look as bad as it had last night and at least my ankle didn’t feel that sore since stepping on it this morning. I popped some ibuprofen anyway to take care of the swelling.
I had done worse to it many times during hardcore gymnastics practices and competitions, so this level of discomfort was nothing compared to the multiple sprains, ligament tears, and actual breaks that I had incurred in the past. To me, it was more the source of the injury that bothered me because still feeling the pain and seeing the purple finger marked bruising, was a vivid reminder that it hadn’t been a dream. 
I didn’t want to have to think about it anymore but I had no choice.
My first order of business was to call the tow truck company. After giving them the address of the Hospice, I was told that it would be about two hours and would cost eighty five dollars — not to mention the cost of having to find out what was wrong with it and any necessary repairs. Annoyed at already having issues with a nearly still brand new car, I hung up and checked my bank balance to transfer an additional two hundred dollars into my checking account. I typically kept all of it in savings and a money market account to collect the interest.
I inherited five hundred thousand dollars from my parents’ life insurance policy and an additional fifty thousand dollar trust fund from my grandmother when she passed. The money paid for college and my car in full, and I still had well over enough to eat, pay my bills, buy clothes, books, and get my own place once I graduated; wherever I decided to move and settle down. 
I had learned long ago from both my mother and grandmother, how to be frugal and acquire what you needed but to buy things of quality, even if it meant spending more upfront, so that it would last longer and not need to be replaced as often. 
Having this much money was something I never made known to anyone, including China and Joel but I think they both had an idea anyway. Joel had to work and China’s parents were rich. Her college was paid for in full so she was already set. She didn’t have to work right now if she didn’t want to and —she absolutely did not want to.
I figured this day off would be a perfect time to get some studying in and a few papers started, though I knew simply missing one day would already set me behind in the note taking department. I changed into casual jogging pants and a thermal shirt before settling down with a warmed up slice of pizza and a bottle of green tea. 
It was when I finally sat down at the bar to eat, that I noticed the flyer that Joel must have been talking about, lying on the counter. 
There were several bands highlighted, along with a scanned photo image of them in black ink: ‘The Screaming Demons’, it read, and there were several other local known bands in different word art formats, with the place, time and cover charges listed below. It was set for tomorrow night, Saturday, starting at eight p.m. 
None of the groups appealed to my sense of music and entertainment and it wasn’t just because it was rock. I didn’t like the way the Screaming Demons looked if that made any sense.
 The name alone bothered me but not for the obvious reasons. There was something almost diabolical about this venue and it strangely gave me bad vibes.
I pushed the paper away, feeling a momentary brief chill sliver up my spine from out of nowhere. I didn’t want to even look at the flyer anymore. I crumpled it up to throw out later, and was just about to take a bite of pizza, when a sharp rapping sounded at the door. I started to just ignore it and wait for whoever it was to go away, until I heard Toya’s voice on the other side call out to me.
“Star? You in there? Open up girl.” She knocked again.
I closed my eyes and sighed, rubbing my temples in slow meditative circles for a moment.
So much for peace and lying low today. Why couldn’t she have just called to check on me? Somehow, I felt I had Logan to thank for this surprise in person visit.
Toya was one of the four RA’s here at the apartments. 
She was a thick built, five foot eleven woman who took and gave no BS, but she had an intense maternal instinct when it came to us girls. I knew that word would eventually get back to her about last night via the queen sorority gossiper herself, but I didn’t think it would be this damned quick.
I couldn’t get over how she literally threw herself at Cam and I felt threatened for some strange reason as if she were moving in on something that was mine, stupid I know.
I scooted off the barstool and headed to the door to peer out of the peephole, making sure that she was alone. She was.
I sighed as I unlocked and opened the door slowly, just a crack at first and then peered around the door with a cheery smile, so that I could hide the side of my mouth that had been the most bruised.
“Star? You alright? Some of the girls said a police officer carried you in last night? I didn’t see you leaving for your morning classes and I came by earlier but China said you were still asleep. What’s going on?” She asked with her brows knitted together in worry.
“I slept in. I’ve been really tired and it was nothing. I had an accident at work, that’s all. He was just making sure that I was okay.”
She nodded, not believing me completely, and trying to get a full glimpse of my face.
“Uh huh. Well open up, I wanna make sure myself with my own eyes.” She said firmly.
“I’m fine, everything is fine. Whatever they told you was all a complete exaggeration, you know Logan,” I tried to convince her in exasperation.
“Well who was this Officer? I’d like to talk to him myself then. Logan said he gave you his card.” Toya replied.
“I’ll write the number down for you if you want but I’m in the middle of something right now.” I lied.
“Let me see your face.” She demanded in a serious motherly tone.
“Toya, it’s no big deal.” 
She pushed on the door slightly anyway, unconvinced, and I finally gave in and stepped back, letting her just inside the door. She moved closer to inspect my face.
Her dark brown eyes immediately homed in on my mouth. “Oh my God. That looks bad. China didn’t say you got hurt. What the hell happened?” She wanted to know. 
Ray Charles couldn’t have missed the injury.
“I didn’t see her last night or this morning, so don’t tell her if you see her first, please? The lights went out at the hospice and I ran into a door. I feel stupid enough…so can we please not make a big deal about it? It looks a lot worse than it is, really.” 
She shook her head with a wry expression.
“So why did he need to carry you inside then?” She asked, looking down at my legs and feet for any other injuries I wasn’t disclosing.
“I twisted my ankle but it’s okay now.” I told her matter-of-factly, even lifting and rotating my right socked foot to show her proof— at the same time, pressing my lips together tightly to hold in the urge to cry out loud.
“Huh, I never knew you to be accident prone, girl. Aren’t gymnasts supposed to be graceful?” She said clucking her tongue in a joking manner.
“Graceful, but you know I’ve always been afraid of total darkness. I guess I’m just getting old.” I replied.
“Old? Girl, quit.” She laughed heartily.
“Well, so who was this officer?” She then said with a gleam in her eye.
Apparently, Logan and the other girls didn’t fail to tell her how tall, very well-built, and gorgeous Cam was either.
“He was very nice and helpful, just like officers are supposed to be.” I simply said.
“He gave you his card? Logan said he’s working the campus now.”
I raised a brow. “He is? How does she know?” 
“I guess she asked him.” Toya shrugged.
I rolled my eyes. I should have known. 
Interesting, I thought though because he never mentioned that to me at all and I wondered why. Well, guess I wouldn’t have to call him after all. I’d run into him again soon and part of me was really excited about that notion, too.
“Well, I’ll let you get back to whatever it was you were doing. I was concerned, I thought you might have hurt yourself on campus but if you need anything you let me know.” She said with a wink.
“I will, thanks Toya.” I waved and closed the door quickly once she turned to walk away.
I breathed a sigh of relief and returned to my pizza slice.

~~~***~~~

Though the sun was brilliant, bright, and warm it was still chilly and cold by late afternoon. Fall was here and winter was coming fast but I didn’t mind, I preferred this weather to the hot, thick humidity almost year round back in Florida and Jamaica. Though I did miss the beaches, I had no desire to live anywhere within a hundred miles of any ocean — ever again. 
The rain left puddles and patches of mud around the curbs and potholes, so I was glad that I decided to wear boots today. I made sure to step carefully around those areas though. I actually wore the boots for both support and a cover up. If I had been able to squeeze my athletic ankle brace on, I would have, it may have helped a bit. Though my ankle still hurt, I toughed it out and walked on it anyway, ignoring the discomfort and pain.
I didn’t want to bother anyone, even though I knew Joel would have gone out of his way to give me a ride out to the Hospice. I walked down to the bus stop and took the University bus to the down town bus station, and then took a cab from the last stop out to the Hospice.

My car was still parked where it had been last night, meaning through about an hour and a half long bus ride including wait time and transfers, the towing company still hadn’t made it out yet.
I sighed, figuring I’d take a moment to see how Ms Hawthorne was doing this morning, and feeling as if I should have brought her something like a new book or more flowers.
I paid the cab and climbed out to head inside. It was the dayshift but I knew that Lenell would be in soon. I wasn’t too familiar with many of the faces here but they all knew who I was once I flashed my identification to the security guard.
“Is it okay that I visit with Ms Hawthorne for a few moments? I’m waiting on the tow truck to get my car.” I asked the security guard on duty. He couldn’t help but stare at my face in curious shock.
I didn’t know him. He was a younger guy and I’ve only seen him in passing when I came in for the evening shift.
“Ms Hawthorne?” A nurse asked, hearing me as she was passing by with a cart of supplies.
I didn’t recognize her.
“Yeah, is she awake?” I asked.
Her face looked grim and she gave me a sympathetic look, one I remembered getting before and I didn’t like it. 
My heart beat harder, feeling uncomfortable in my chest right now.
“She passed early this morning hon, I’m sorry.” She said, shaking her head in consolation.
I paused, feeling my gut clench.
Memories of being told my grandmother had passed immediately flooded me all at once and I felt hot tears instantly brimming in my eyes.
What? How? I just saw her last night! I screamed internally to myself.
I swallowed, feeling a cold, lump form in my throat.
“Oh. Thanks.” I finally whispered.
The nurse smiled and moved on.
I didn’t even wait around for anyone to say anything else. I quickly headed back outside. 
Though I expected it, I still couldn’t believe it would be that soon. I didn’t know her and I hadn’t spent any time with her past last night but it felt like I had known her a lot longer, so I wasn’t ready for her to go yet. Had she known she was going to die? 
I wondered about that. I was glad that I did get the chance to meet and talk to her because despite the huge age gap, we obviously had some unique things in common. I felt hollow and cold inside knowing that, and that I’d never be able to see or speak to her again.
“Are you Star?” I heard someone calling out to me.
I turned around seeing the same nurse who had told me of Ms Hawthorne’s passing, waving me down.
“Yes.” I called back. 
“Wait! Hang on a second!”  
She began to jog towards me with something in her hand. I wiped away the cold, stray tears that began to roll down my face.
“I forgot — this was left at the desk with a note. Apparently, Ms Hawthorne wanted us to make sure to give it to you. They told me this morning when I came on shift and I didn’t think about it until you asked to see her just now.” She said once she caught up with me. She smiled warmly as she handed it to me.
I glimpsed the cover.
It was the book of poems I had been reading to her last night. I instantly choked up once I took it.
“Thank you,” I said. My voice quivering slightly.
“Sure honey. Are you gonna be okay?” She asked, looking as if she wanted to give me a hug.
I nodded quickly. 
“Could you do me a favor and let Lenell know when she comes in, that I’m okay and that I’m sorry I forgot to call her last night?”
She nodded, “Sure. You be careful.” She smiled, eyeing my mouth with sympathy and understanding before she turned to head back inside.
I sighed heavily, unlocking my car to sit inside while choking back tears. If the demons wanted to really get to me, it was working and they were definitely doing some overtime at that. I couldn’t let them know it though, either mentally, emotionally or physically. In the meantime, I needed some sort of a release. I had to go somewhere for a moment to clear my mind and assess all that’s happened so far. I was alone in this. I had no source of solace anymore, at least none that I knew would truly understand.
I really missed my parents and my grandmother right at this moment. 
It had me further wondering about my own mortality in this life.
Was I going to die soon or something, and if so, when, how? Were they the ones trying to make sure it happened? I didn’t know but I do know that I was afraid and not because of what they had done and what they could do, but because I hadn’t lived and done all that I could have done yet. There was still so much I wanted to experience. 
I was still so young.
I ran my hand over the cover and then opened the book to the first page. She had written something on the bottom portion of the title page in her shaky scrawl:
‘Never give in or give up. Your mama, daddy, and granny are all together ‘n safe. They want you to be strong…you have to be. You are a chosen chil’,’ it read. 
I paled, feeling my heart float into my throat and my vision began to blur with more tears. I stared at her words, stunned.
I slowly brought a shaking hand up to cup my mouth and my nose burned. I pinched my eyes shut in an attempt to stop the flood of tears. There was no way possible that Ms Hawthorne could have known that both my grandmother and my parents had passed. As a matter of fact, there was no official record that my parents had died. They were simply never found but I assumed that after all this time, given the fact that they never looked for me, meant that they had indeed died. I accepted it, even though there had been no bodies or an official funeral, past memorials that were held by distant family members in their memory.
Aside from my closest friends, I don’t tell people my business when it comes to them because it makes some people uncomfortable, and then they start treating you a certain way or acting weird around you. No one at the hospice knew, not even Lenell. I never told her they were all deceased — just that they weren’t here in Indianapolis. 
Ms Hawthorne’s note confirmed that they both were truly gone and it was like closure for me. I think she knew that. It was then that the tears that I had been holding in for years, finally broke through in full force.

I was glad that I had gotten bawling like a baby out of the way. I felt a little better, and though it left me with the sniffles and puffy red eyes, it was a total relief when the wrecker finally turned into the parking lot. The tow truck circled slowly until I got out and waved my hand to signal him. The injury to my mouth was bad enough, so I put my sunglasses on to at least cover my eyes. 
Once the tow pulled up behind my car, an old, grungy man hopped out. Given the frown on his whiskered face, I guessed that maybe he was ticked about something. He hitched up his holey pants with clipboard in hand.
“Starling Roberts?” he confirmed.
“Star. I’m the one waiting for the tow.” I confirmed for him.
He peered curiously at my face.
“It was a bitch getting here. The bridge was detoured from the flooding last night, so it took me a while having to go the long way. You have the keys?” He said impatiently as he began checking off a few things on the clipboard and verifying my license plate number, before passing me the clipboard and pen in exchange for my car keys.
“Sign there.” He marked an x next to the signature line on the customer form.
I took it and quickly signed my name with no reply or attempt to strike up any kind of casual conversation with him. I wanted to hurry and get this over with. I handed him my keys. 
He took them and opened my car door. “What exactly is wrong with it? Will it start?” He asked, plopping into the driver’s seat and having to move it back for his legs to fit.
“The battery is dead, I think.”
He nodded, cranking up the car, and to my utter surprise, it started up instantly. The engine purred just as smoothly as it always had —up until last night. 
We both looked at each other, me with a more puzzled expression.
“You could have just flagged someone for a jump if that was the case. It sounds good to me.” He commented, sounding agitated.
I was stunned.
“All your gauges look fine. You got gas. You sure it wouldn’t start?” He looked at me as if I were an idiot.
“Yeah, I…” I trailed off. 
“Well, there’s no point in towing it. I charge just to come out though. Is your insurance covering it?” He said, leaving the car running as he scooted back out of the driver’s seat.
He glanced at me again, and while trying to avoid looking at my mouth, his face suddenly changed, into empathy.
“Um, no I have cash. How much is it?” I asked opening my purse.
I heard him sigh and then there was a slight pause on his side.
I looked up at him with an expectant raised brow.
“No charge. Don’t worry about it. You have yourself a great day.” He then said with a smile and a curt nod.
What? His sudden generosity was abrupt and completely unexpected.
“Are you sure?” I asked.
He nodded with a hand up. “Positive. Take care.” He waved off. I handed him the clipboard and he took it, heading back to his tow truck, where climbed back inside and took a moment to write something down.
That was cool. I was definitely appreciative.
The prospect of not having any further issues with my car brought on great relief. Though my cell phone rang, I ignored it. I didn’t want to talk to anyone right now.
I wasn’t sure where I wanted to go but once I hit the city limits and took the exit that would lead me to a popular strip mall shopping center, I paused. 
In the distance, down the road to my right, I saw a looming steeple with an iron gray cross atop a small church. I didn’t even think or question the denomination when I flipped my signal and made the turn.
I hadn’t been to a church in years, and though my parents and grandmother had their own beliefs, they didn’t have any kind of particular religious affiliation. We went to church at times but there was no specific denomination that I ever considered myself to be a part of any particular one.
There was only one car in the parking lot.
Were they even open? Wasn’t church usually open all of the time?
I parked anyway and hesitated before deciding to give it a try. I turned off the engine and got out, making my way across the walk, and up the steps to the large mahogany double doors with a square window of stained glass set into each panel.
I pulled on the handle and the door opened with a high squeak and creak. I breathed a sigh of relief, already feeling soothed in my emotional distress. I stepped inside slowly, smelling a mixture of pine cleaner and bubble gum. I looked around the vestibule area, decorated with a rack of pamphlets, a suggestion and donation box, and several plants.
The crown molding edged archway led straight into the main part of the church. There were three sections, each containing several rows of dark wooden pews, all neatly facing a small stage where an altar, podium, bleachers for the choir, and a piano sat silently.
Vivid colors streaming in from the stained glass windows danced over the pews as the sun shone through, creating a rainbow effect over the tops of the benches and the blue carpeting.
A large gold cross was raised above the pulpit and the baptismal fountain, dominated all of the other décor. I looked over everything in awe. There was a single door to the right of the stage. I assumed it was either an office or where the preacher and staff probably kept supplies or something.
I looked around and seeing no one, I made my way towards the altar and then stopped short. Instead, I moved to the left and slid into an empty pew. The wooden bench creaked softly under my weight as I sat and let out a slow breath of release. I leaned back and relaxed against the hard back of the bench.
I did feel safe and at peace momentarily —knowing that nothing dark would or could bother me here.
I thought about everything. The past, all of my dreams, and what happened yesterday, trying to make some sense of it. I was bad about praying. I know I didn’t do it as much as I should have or as much as my grandmother would have liked me to do it, but I did sometimes. Maybe it hadn’t been enough.
I closed my eyes thinking of some of the prayers that she had taught me, when a sudden cold sensation brushed against my face and mouth. 
It startled me, making me gasp and then my eyes flew open.
My entire face and my mouth felt cool and tingly with a strange sensation that I couldn’t really describe. It was the equivalent of someone holding an ice cube close to my lips, enough for me to feel the cold coming off of it and it literally came from out of the blue. I gently touched my face and the strange, tingly coldness began to seep into my fingertips. The sensation traveled up into each of my fingers, beneath my skin, and up my arm, spreading into my shoulder and neck, and then throughout my entire body, finally —heading straight into my legs and feet. 
My heart pounded at the sudden, strange yet soothing sensation, and then as if by some miracle, all of the soreness in my face, lip, back, and ankle…were completely, gone.
My mouth parted in disbelief and my eyes flicked to the huge gold cross above the pulpit. The sudden threat of tears began to assault my eyes once again.
I wasn’t worthy. I did believe in miracles but as only happening to other people.
“Are you alright?” I heard a soft spoken male voice ask me from somewhere on my left. I gasped and sat up straighter. My eyes searched the empty church to find who the voice belonged to and where it was coming from.
Sitting adjacent to me in the pew one row from mine was — Antonio Sabato Jr? From when he was in his younger General Hospital days. Obviously, this wasn’t him but the resemblance was really pretty damned close. 
This man was lacking the dimples and olive skin tone. Well, if I could say one thing about the events of the last twenty four hours, it was that I’ve been running into really gorgeous guys all of a sudden.
I continued to stare, stricken by not just his looks but how he had managed to come in or sit down without making a sound.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to disturb you. You seem distraught.” He soothed with a brilliant smile.
I couldn’t get over who the similarities of his features, and the longer I stared at him, the more I could see some kind of light iridescence that seemed to shimmer just beneath the surface of his skin.
It was weird.
“No, I’m sorry. I didn’t hear anyone come in. I just wanted a moment to rest and be alone.” I began as I stood up.
He held a hand up to stop me.
“No, please don’t leave on my account. I didn’t mean to startle you and intrude.” He said.
“I’m done actually. Um, are you the preacher here?”
He laughed a little and shook his head no, “I’m actually just stopping in, like you.”
He didn’t seem to notice the bruise on my face, or if he did, he was being polite in not staring at or mentioning it.
I didn’t hear the front doors open or any of the pews creak. It was as if he just…appeared. Lately, I didn’t discount anything that didn’t seem ordinary anymore.
My face was still tingling and I just now realized that I was standing on my sore ankle — and there was no pain at all! 
I immediately felt compelled to sit back down as a feeling of ease and comfort fell over me, like a protective blanket, the longer he looked at me. After a few more moments, it was hard for me to continue looking at him without feeling the urge to—cry.
I felt embarrassed at the wave of emotion that seemed to overwhelm me from out of nowhere and I paused to briefly shut my eyes.
When I opened them, he was still there, waiting patiently as if he understood the emotions that I was feeling at this exact moment. I couldn’t find the words to continue to converse or speak to him just yet.
“You look like you can use an ear though, if you don’t mind me saying so.” He then offered.
I would have automatically declined but I wanted to stay and I wanted him to stay with me. I was drawn to him in an unexplainably strange and emotional way.
“I’m Drake.” He introduced.
Drake, I liked that.
I managed a smile. “Star.” I replied.
He raised a brow of recognition though very slight but I caught it.
“Very nice to meet you, Star.” 
I liked the way he said my name and I did indeed begin to feel comforted emotionally.
I then laughed a little, relieved that he was the first person that didn’t ask or seem taken aback by what happened to my face.
“What?” he smiled.
I shook my head. “It’s nothing. I feel silly, I guess.” I confessed, looking down at my hands.
“Silly? Why?” he asked with a perplexed brow.
I sighed, wondering why it was so hard to look at him without getting teary eyed. I guess my emotions were really working overtime but he seemed to be drawing them out of me automatically, and I was not one to pour out my emotions easily to anyone. 
“I don’t even know what denomination this church is and I don’t feel as if I belong here. I mean, at least that my being here should matter for me. I’m…I’m not a typical church going kind of person is what I meant to say.” I said with guilt and a shrug of my shoulder.
There was a brief moment of silence.
“Why do you think going or not going to a house of worship has anything to do with your value or worth as a person?” He asked in a soft, soothing voice.
I looked up at him and then quickly turned away, though his obvious focus remained on me.
“I guess it doesn’t— it’s just that for me, all my life, I’ve seen and experienced things that I feel like not many people would understand or believe. And lately, my dreams and events have been getting weirder and more intense. I think I know why but I don’t understand why me or if I’m the only one.” I went on to explain, feeling as if half of my burdens had just been instantly lifted from my shoulders. My breath hitched and I tried hard to stave off new, oncoming tears. My nose burned and I sniffed.
“Perhaps, there is a reason for it all. Sometimes being in a place like this, no matter what religion you feel you should be, helps. The silence gives us pause so that we can reflect and think more clearly. This is a place where one can lay down any and all burdens. At least it’s always been that way for me.” He smiled.
Silence. Like the silence Ms Hawthorne said she liked.
The sound of his voice and his words were the healing that I needed for my soul. It took away all of the fears and the despair that I had been feeling for so long, in the breadth of an instant. Another apparent miracle. 
I mean, there were still a lot of good and positive people in the world and sometimes it was hard to remember that.
“You’re right. But the one person that I think did know and understood me because she was almost like me, just passed away this morning.” I told him, not really sure why I felt the need to mention that to a stranger.
“I’m very sorry to hear that.” He consoled.
“Like everyone else close to me has,” I sniffed and bit down on my quivering lip. A stray tear rolled down my face, and my sobbing came on involuntarily. 
I buried my face in my hands in embarrassment, though I wasn’t sure why I felt that way. I wasn’t a typical crier but for some reason, I couldn’t stop myself anymore.
He was politely silent and patient. I hoped I didn’t run him off. I forced myself to stop crying by sucking in a deep breath and sniffing. I wiped my wet face with my palms and the back of my hands while looking down at my lap.
I saw a tissue appear in front of me just then, and when I looked up, Drake was holding it out to me. My eyes went wide because he was now sitting beside me. I swear that there was absolutely no way that he could have moved that fast and sat down right next to me without my seeing, feeling, or hearing him.
I’d been crying hard but not that hard.
I looked at him, really looked and at him this time but I didn’t feel fear, just puzzled confusion and awe.
“The body perishes but never the spirit.” He offered for comfort, waiting for me to take the tissue.
I appreciated his words and deep down, I knew that he was right. 
“How did you do that?” I asked incredulously.
“Do what?”
“Move, without a sound. These pews creak and I never even heard the front doors open. No one was in here when I came in.”
He smiled warmly. “I’ve been here.”
I couldn’t help but feel safe in his presence but I wasn’t sure I believed what he just said.
I took the tissue graciously and blew my nose.
“So you believe that we go on too? Somewhere else after death?” I asked.
He nodded. “Yes, I do.” 
“One of two places, huh? I believe there’s a yin and yang to everything. If there’s darkness, there’s light, if there’s evil, there has to be good…but I always seem to attract the darkness for some reason.” I confessed, feeling more warm tears roll down my face. I wiped those immediately, looking down at my hands splayed in my lap.
He paused for a moment. “Attract or notice?” He then asked, which took me off guard.
I shrugged in though. “Maybe both.”
“I call that a gift. Darkness is always attracted to light. It yearns for it and at the same time, light completely overpowers the dark. You have an advantage. You’re aware of its existence. Darkness comes in all forms and if they know they can get to you, they will certainly try.” Drake explained.
“Then you believe in shadows too?” I asked softly, looking up at him with interest now. I suddenly felt emboldened to tell him everything as if we’d been long lost friends, or maybe it was because he seemed like a preacher to me.
“You mean shadows as in demons?” He asked.
I nodded and sniffed.
“Absolutely, and like you said, there’s a yin and yang to everything.” 
“I want to believe that but I’ve never seen an angel and I personally don’t even think they’re on my side, given everything that’s happened in my life.” 
More tears streamed from my eyes. I wiped my face and blew my nose again.
He was silent again.
“That was probably a crappy thing to say. I know they’re out there and there are people far worse off than I am, so that’s where they need to be.” I tried to patch over my pitiful words.
“No, it wasn’t a crappy thing to say. You’re honesty and gallant understanding of others in greater need than your own are very noble things. Sometimes, the crosses we bear can be heavy and overwhelming but they’ll never be impossible to carry, and I believe that angels are always around.” He smiled.
I opened my mouth, not sure how or if I wanted to say what I thought of telling this stranger next but I felt compelled to go on talking. 
I couldn’t stop myself. 
Talking about everything made me feel sane again and it never occurred to me that he might find me strange or crazy.
“Well, I’ve been seeing those shadows all the time. I have ever since I was little.” I began, awaiting his expression and reaction by watching his face.
I couldn’t read his expression at all, actually.
“I believe you.” He replied sincerely.
My heart beat faster. I felt relief, relief to share this a different level than I had with China and Joel.
“I have dreams or nightmares more like it. These shadow demons attacked me twice recently — physically, and that’s where I got this,” I said pointing to the bruise on my face.
I heard him inhale a slow breath but he didn’t even seem surprised. He didn’t try to scrutinize me as if I were some pathetic weakling or a weirdo either.
“Perhaps you pose a threat to them in some way,” He offered with a serious look in his eyes. I studied him curiously, remembering the way that dark angel in my dream suddenly looked at me with terror in its unearthly black eyes. 
This was uncanny.
“You know, you’re like the second person that I really didn’t know to tell me something like that.”
He smiled. “Then there must be some truth to it.”
“So, should I get baptized or something then? Would that make a difference in them leaving me alone?” I asked.
He laughed a little. “Some things are already predestined, regardless of what we do.”
I nodded and sniffed again. “You know, if I didn’t know any better, I’d think you were the preacher or an assistant pastor here. You have that vibe to me.”
“I’m just a humble servant looking for answers, just like you.”
I couldn’t help but smile again.
“I guess I just needed to pause for a minute.”
“Well, I think you’re on the right track. There’s always an answer and a solution no matter how big it may seem to you.” He winked and then he stood up. He was tall and his build was athletic but lean. He wore a classic white button down shirt, dark blue jeans, and simple black loafers.
I nodded with pursed lips, thinking about our rescue after being stranded on our roof for several days without food or water in the aftermath of hurricane Katrina just then. Not only were we weak from hunger and thirst, riddled with mosquito bites at the height of the west Nile virus scare, but we still remained sane, grateful to be alive and with each other. We even managed to save several other people by pulling them out of the water as they floated by our house. Our family would have tried to save more if we could have; that is until my parents decided to swim for help and leave me and my grandmother behind — only to never return.
Funny though, because help did come in the form of a rescue helicopter just a few hours after they had left but no one had heard of them.
I had never thought about that until this very moment.
Had that been a miracle too?
Drake was right, and wise even though he was so young looking. I guess I needed to be reminded of that. No matter what trials came my way, I had always managed to get over or through it unharmed.
“Whatever it is that troubles you, only troubles you when you either ignore or resist it.” He then said.
I peered at him closer, at his brown tousled hair, his sheen-like, almost pale skin, and his chocolate dark eyes, lashes, and brows. 
“I don’t have any control over it.”
“You will.” He replied with conviction.
I was sure he was just being kind and positive and I wished I could agree.
He struck me as peculiar but in a good way. He was definitely enlightening and his company made me feel a whole lot better than when I first got here. I didn’t feel the tingling in my face anymore. In fact, I didn’t feel any of the soreness either when I reached up to touch my lip.
It felt…smooth again. Then I ran my fingers over the rest of my cheek and chin where the bruises had been. Pressing gently, I realized that the tenderness was gone, and the bruise no longer hurt either.
I wrinkled my brows.
“Something wrong?” he asked, watching me briefly examine my face.
“No.” I shook my head.
Hesitating, I just had to ask, in case I might never see him again. 
“Has anyone ever told you how much you look like Antonio Sabato Jr?”
He looked at me with confusion this time. “Who?”
He couldn’t be serious. 
“He’s an actor and he used to model for Calvin Klein underwear. You really look like him…a lot.” smiled.
He smirked. “An actor, huh? Is that a compliment?”
I nodded. “Definitely. You’ve really never heard of him?”
“I guess I don’t get out much, and I certainly don’t make a habit of looking at any men modeling in their underwear.” He said with a questioning raise of his eyebrow.
We both laughed when I considered that and I felt stupid for even insinuating that he should have known him by those ads.
“Sorry. Well, I can’t say I get out much either myself.”
“Really? You look so young. Are you a student?” He asked.
“Yeah, Indiana University.”
“You have that look.”
“That look?” I questioned.
“Yes. Youth, intellect, and ambition.” He complimented.
I couldn’t help but blush and I smiled even bigger.
“Well, it was really nice to meet you, Star. For what it’s worth, I’m sure that whatever ails you will turn out for the best. Just keep the faith.” He said.
“Thank you, Drake. It was really nice to meet you, too.” I said holding out my hand to shake.
He took it gently. The mere touch of his hand sent cool, tingling pulses of energy up my entire arm, and then he leaned down to kiss the top of my hand.
I don’t know any other way to explain the sensation of feeling his soft, cool lips on my skin except like one of those menthol patches used for muscle aches or migraines. It was soothing, relieving, and it raced through my very being with a healing effect that blew my mind, instantly taking away all of the strain, pain, fatigue, and stress that I had been feeling lately.
“You take care.” He said once I had pulled my hand back.
I could only stare at him, trying to figure him out.
“I’ll try.” I said, turning to take a step in the direction of the front doors.
I suddenly had an overwhelming need to stay in his company. His calm positivity was addicting and I didn’t want to say good bye just yet. I may not see him again and I needed to talk to him.
I turned back around to face him, surprised but thankful to still see him there.
With the way he moved from one spot to the other so silently, it was eerie enough, so I expected him to be gone already. 
“Drake, um… I was wondering if — I mean if, there was some way that maybe I could buy you lunch, if you’re not in a rush. Maybe we could talk some more? There’s a café a few blocks from here.” I blurted in one sentence, hopeful.
I felt my stomach tighten, waiting for him to tell me no thank you, that he was married, that he had a girlfriend, or was just too busy right now.
He seemed to consider something for a moment and I felt my hopes begin to crumble.
“I think…that sounds great.” He finally smiled.
I couldn’t help but grin big with relief.

XI: Cam’ael

I wasn’t too crazy about the idea of Rahab opening up to humans and passing his creation off as an actual regular business, simply for the fact that it was too risky in more aspects than one right now. But I know it meant a lot to him, so I wasn’t going to say anything unless there was a potential issue looming. 
“You didn’t even eat all of your steak.” Rahab nearly whined and it snapped me out of my thoughts.
I was perched at the counter on a barstool. I looked at him as if he’d just appeared out of nowhere. There were several customers scattered around at different tables and booths, and they included a mixture of people that appeared to be local families, and a few men and women both young and old. I was used to being ogled by both women and men but it never excited or impressed me. Of course, the hormones and scents being kicked out by the women did tempt and arouse me but I’ve also learned to control that recently as well — to a point, depending on what the female looked like to me. 
While I put together temporary living quarters of my own, Rahab had enlisted a few of his friends as his waitresses to help him. Among them were two female demons that we both knew well because they were both in our legion. He made sure that they fit the stereotypical, small town, diner waitress image perfectly. Their uniforms matched the blue and white checkered tablecloths on each table, and their up-do bun hairstyles completed the look.
“Was it too tough? Salty? Not salty enough?” He asked sincerely.
I shook my head, “Of course not. I would have told you so. I’m just not in the mood to eat. There’s too much on my mind right now, especially after our little meeting last night, but let’s not talk about that again right now.”
The latest intelligence on this music event that Rahab managed to uncover, was that he’d seen both angels and humans with blackened auras around the college district where this concert was going to be held. Those humans were dark divine members and the angels were apparently doing their own covert operations for a change, too. I was sure that Morning Star was aware of this already, so it made me wonder if the show would still go on.
Rahab nodded. “I should have figured so. When will you see her again and is she safe?” He asked. I knew what he meant. I could ‘see and watch’ her anytime I wanted to but it wasn’t enough for me anymore — I had to be with her.
“I’m keeping my end of the deal. It will be up to her now, and as far as safe, that’s what I’m about to make sure of.” I said as I stood up and picked up my brown leather jacket.
“Bring her by again soon if you do see her. I like her, and I don’t usually take to future…you know.” He said, seeing a few eyes trained our way.
“I can’t make promises but I’ll try. Being with her alone may be an issue with you know who constantly around.” I said.
“Well, I haven’t seen him around yet but that doesn’t mean he isn’t here somewhere.” Rahab replied.
It would crush Rahab if he didn’t get to see her again before she died too because once she did, she would no longer remember us and we would both be nothing more than demons to be slain to her.
“He is. He just got here and he’s already managed a lunch date with her.” I seethed while slipping the jacket on.
Rahab raised a thick, dark brow.
“Can he do that?”
“Apparently so and I know it was on purpose. Either way, I know where they are now, so I’ll catch up with you later.” 
I headed out of the diner, passing by two young women who were seated at a table near the jukebox. They hadn’t stopped staring and whispering at levels and tones that they thought couldn’t be heard, since I’ve been here. The things they discussed in regards to me, fell along the subject lines of my being a famous athlete, if I was single, how big my ‘package’ was, and how good of a lover I probably was too. Human women talked like this all the time among their friends and I was the lust demon? 
I was wearing civilian clothes this time, taking the day off — at least that would be what I would tell Star when I saw her. I fingered her driver’s license in the front pocket of the jacket; sneakily acquired while she was asleep in the cruiser. I couldn’t help but check on her again before I left but only after scoping out the girl Logan’s room first.
My curiosity had gotten the better of me and I cloaked myself, following her back to her apartment that first night when I had carried Star to her apartment. 
She lived alone, striking me as one of the more privileged wealthy types judging by the décor and high end electronics she had in both her living room and bedroom. I watched her video chat with some male, who may or may not have been her boyfriend, on her computer and giving him a live striptease. I stayed long enough to watch and enjoy her masturbate— even if it was for him, though I knew her sudden bout of horniness was attributed to being around me not long before. I toyed with the idea of fusing a bit of my lust into her, to both partake of and add to her pleasure, but finally decided against it. I wasn’t sure why though because I needed some sort of a sexual release. Instead, I opted to simply pinch and graze her erect, pink nipple forcefully, making her jump and curse out loud, and scaring the hell out of her. Her eyes went wild with suspicion, frantically searching her bedroom for the invisible force that had just molested her. The hormones in her body had responded shamelessly, but mentally, she was definitely frightened.
“Oh my god, that was so fucking freaky! I swear I felt a hand and fingers touch and squeeze my boob!” She squealed into the camera of her laptop.
“Oh yeah, that was me babe.” The male on the screen mumbled breathlessly with a snicker.
I would’ve stayed to toy with her even more until I saw the male on her laptop screen commence to doing the same for her. He was stroking the larger than life image of his erect cock on the screen. Party over, I left quickly in disgust.
I found what some mortals did for pleasurable entertainment amusing at best.
Kinky, dirty girl, I thought to myself with a grin — just my type.
I couldn’t stop myself from further investigation. My own curiosity got the better of me, so before I left the apartment building, I decided to ghost into Star’s apartment after all. I mistook her roommate’s room for being hers, initially. I eventually found her in her bed, buried beneath a large mound of blankets. She was breathing and in no sign of duress that I could tell. In fact, she slept so peacefully, it looked as if she were dead. Though I had wanted to stay and keep watch over her for the rest of the night, I didn’t want to invade her privacy. I didn’t have to be in the same room with her to watch her.
However, the reality of why she slept so soundly and deeply caught my eye. When I moved in for a closer look at her dresser, I saw a carelessly tossed book that made me wonder. Survivor guilt? I looked over at her sleeping form with consolation and sympathy, upon realizing why she may have been reading it. The light of her television flickered soundlessly, on some kind of infomercial. I would have turned it off for her if I hadn’t figured out why she may have had it on in the first place.
On her bedside table, was a small blue box of medicine, which I assumed were for headaches until I picked it up and read the package. Though I was sure she needed them, seeing as how she appeared literally exhausted, it was obvious that these were not good for her to be taking. They would render her powerless to be aware of what was going on around her, and being able to react quickly. She would be left vulnerable and open.
Nothing man-made such as those pills could be good for her or anyone for that matter, so I didn’t want her taking them at all.
I took the pills with me to throw away and left a token of my signature behind — after sorting out her dresser and room. The mess and disarray really bothered me. I couldn’t just leave it, no matter how mysterious she would come to find it when she woke up.
I removed both the towel and the plastic bag of cold water that she had been using as an icepack, and stealthily commenced to organizing her dresser for her. I then picked up all of the stray shoes, clothing, and items from her backpack that had been strewn about the floor, placing them in her laundry hamper and closet. Finally before leaving, I placed one of my plumes on top of her jewelry box, as more of an object of protection. Other dark beings and shadows wouldn’t dare cross into her apartment or room for that matter, seeing it here. It was like a mark, a ward of protection against other demons and dark fallen. With that, as much as I didn’t want to leave, I left her to sleep peacefully.
Not long ago before I had come to Rahab’s diner, I had to pop back out into the spirit realm in order to spot her exact location via her aura. She hadn’t been at her apartment and no one answered the door when I stopped by earlier to return the license.
She was at a church and the ground was consecrated. I could have entered the building but my true self would have automatically been revealed, whether I was cloaked or not. She would see me as clear as day without a doubt, which was not permitted even if she could comprehend what she was seeing. Of course, her being with Drakael at the moment wouldn’t have helped things either. He’d instantly attempt to banish or admonish me, and then I’d have to kick his ass, which meant that he wouldn’t hesitate to immediately report that I had broken the rules.
So instead, I waited nearby for them to emerge. Words could not describe what I felt when I saw her with Drakael. It literally burned me up with jealousy —even more so because he knew that I had been in the vicinity and he purposefully took her up on her offer to have lunch. I didn’t know what he was trying to do or prove but I wasn’t going to allow him to do it. 
I sat in the black, two-seater, sporty, luxury car that I had acquired from a local dealership; changing the plates and a few cosmetic details that would leave them to wonder where their floor model had gone overnight without a break in.
I parked alongside the curb across the street to watch and wait, seeing Drakael and Star sitting in a booth in front of the café front window. The restaurant was called, ‘The Purple Tomato’, and it was painted in script across the window in front of a large, magenta-colored, cartoonishly drawn purple tomato. The slatted blinds were raised half-way up so it was easy to see directly inside of the café from across the street.
She was laughing, nodding, and talking with such enthusiasm, I instantly felt rage and jealousy rising in me again. I attuned my hearing to pick up their conversation before I headed inside.
There were many voices and conversations going on, so I had to sift and block out all of the unfamiliar and annoying chatter to zone in on her voice. She was talking about shadows. The shadows that she had seen and all the stuff that she wasn’t sure she could mention to me, though I knew it wasn’t her own personal choice. Drakael was pulling that trust from her and providing the comfort that she needed naturally, being what he was but that was the last straw for me on his part.
I got out, crossed the street, and entered the cafe.
The entire restaurant and hostess immediately took notice of and stared me up and down as if I were a celebrity as soon as I stepped inside and looked around. I spotted them in the booth towards the corner by the front window.
Drakael stiffened right away, already sensing my presence and he slowly turned around. She followed his gaze, surprised and perplexed to see me but soon began to smile as I made my way over to them.
Her beautiful face and skin glowed, unblemished as if it had never been injured in the first place.
“Hey, what are you doing here?” She asked first.
He had healed her face essentially —nearly completely. The bruising was barely visible if at all, and though I was grateful that he had done it, it still angered me that he had been able to use his powers. If that alone didn’t make her suspicious of what he was, then I don’t know what else would.
“I was in the neighborhood and it was a good thing, I was about to head out to see you at your place because you left something in my cruiser.” I told her, completely ignoring Drakael.
She was instantly curious. “I did? What was it?”
I produced and handed her license to her. Her brows rose and she reached up to take it.
“Oh, thanks —how did… I didn’t even know it was gone.” She said with a confused and quizzical glance up at me. 
“You’re welcome.” I flashed a dazzling smile that made her blush instantly.
“Oh, this is Drake. Drake, this is Officer Cam Black. He’s the one who helped me last night.” She introduced us.
My smile made her temporarily forget that he was even at the table.
I grinned, knowing that Drakael was eyeing me in regard to that observation. Drakael then looked at me curiously, cocking his head to mask his annoyance of me, almost the same way that I was disregarding him.
   I saw her eyes dart from him to me for a moment, pondering something in slight confusion. I could tell that by her expression alone.
“Well, that was very generous of you, Officer Black.” Drakael said in a patronizing and sarcastic manner.
“Yeah, I thought so too, Drake.” I pronounced his name with derision on purpose.
“Do…you two know each other?” Star asked.
There was a brief silence while we stared each other down.
“No.” I finally answered, probably a little too quickly.
Drakael said nothing, of course. He didn’t even look up at me as he sipped his tea. He couldn’t lie, so he just remained silent.
She looked at the both of us in puzzlement as if she wasn’t sure that she believed me but she chose not to say anything else about it.
“How are you doing?” I asked her.
She smiled and brushed a spiral curl away from her face, and then proceeded to place her license back into her wallet. “Better. I think a good night’s sleep is part of what I really needed and I finally got it thanks to you.”
She looked so beautiful with her hair down. It was long, hanging down to her mid-back in long half wavy, half spiral curls that were full, shiny, and both brown and light brown in color with pale blonde highlights hidden in between the strands. 
She appeared a hundred percent better, even her energy, mood and happiness were apparent. Her navy blue eyes sparkled like moonlight dancing on the ocean. I could sit and admire her all day and night long, though I hated that her complete change in appearance and mood was more than likely attributed to her being in the presence of Drakael.
“Good. You’re welcome. It looks a lot better today, that’s amazing.” I noted with a quick cut of my eyes towards Drakael. I was more in awe of how her natural skin-tone, and the color of her kissable lips had returned to their normal, gorgeous ruby-red shade.
Drakael didn’t seem bothered by my accusatory glare and his expression remained impassive as he continued to sip his tea.
“I know. It’s miraculous and I’m definitely not complaining or ungrateful.”
I nodded and smiled.
“Did you manage to find out about your car?” I decided to ask anyway, already knowing that there had been nothing wrong with it.
“I did. You know, funny thing — it was fine. It started right up and the tow truck driver was even nice enough to not charge for coming out, too.”
“Really? How odd.” Drakael flatly replied, cutting his eyes at me this time.
“That’s great. It looks like the odds are in your favor today.” I replied, seeing Drakael eye me out of my periphery.
I would have done more too if I had known that he was allowed to heal her.
“Well, I don’t want to interrupt. I’m just picking up something to go.” I then said.
Drakael only smiled and nodded his agreement to my statement and it was then that I could see something else in his eyes. 
It was a look that I had seen before and knew well— and it instantly alarmed me.
“Well, would you like to join us? I mean, if you don’t mind, Drake?” she asked me and then beamed at him.
I held up a hand and was almost about to decline when I saw Drakael hesitate before he shifted in the booth and pulled out some money.
“I really need to be going. I really enjoyed lunch, Star.” He smiled at her and pretended to check the time on his gold watch as if he were even aware of time let alone cared.
I knew his sudden departure wasn’t a complete untruth but I didn’t care. I was elated and I stepped back to let him through once he stood.
“Oh. Well, do you need a ride somewhere?” she then offered.
“No, I’ll walk. My destination isn’t far from here.” Drakael smiled at her.
I looked at him wryly.
“I really enjoyed lunch too. Um, do you frequent the church often?” She then asked him quickly.
“I frequent many places nearby, so I’m sure that we’ll run into each other again soon. You take care of yourself.” He smiled. 
“You too, I will.” She smiled back.
Drakael moved past me with a quick glance and a look on his face that conveyed a quick message of talking to me later.
 “You sure you don’t mind my company?” I raised a brow.
“Mind? Of course not,” She smiled even bigger at me.
Thank goodness the booths were oversized. I knew my knees would probably lift the table from underneath if it didn’t allow more room. I sat and eased into the booth, having to shift the table forward slightly. She helped to move it more towards her. I slid Drakeal’s nearly empty cup of tea and his twenty dollar bill towards the edge of the table just as the young waiter approached our table with a menu for me.
I noticed that Star had a half-eaten slice of strawberry pie still laced with ribbons of cool whip in between, and a steaming cup of coffee in front of her. 
That made me smile when I looked across the table at her. I didn’t mean to stare at her again but I hoped that at this point, she’d be a bit more relaxed with me now, given the circumstances of last night.
She eyed my brandings in fascination once again while I pushed the sleeves of the fitted cotton shirt I wore up my forearms. Her gaze began slowly traveling up to my biceps where our eyes met again, and for some reason she instantly blushed and returned her attention back to her pie, picking at it with her fork. I couldn’t help but grin to myself internally, knowing full well what she was admiring and feeling right now.
“Blue plate special is roast beef aus jus, green bean salad, and fried baby potatoes. What can I get you to drink?” The waiter asked.
“Just water and the same thing that she’s having now.” I nodded to Star’s plate of strawberry pie, mostly just so he’d leave and he did promptly with a nod.
I wasn’t hungry but I’d order something just to be able to spend as much time with her as I could.
“You know, I could swear that you two knew each other but maybe that’s just my own theory.” She said, playfully eyeing me and meaning to make a joke of it.
I laughed it off. “Is he a good friend of yours?”
“I actually just met him at the church a few blocks over.”
“I see. You make a habit of picking up strange men and asking them to lunch?” I joked.
She pouted flirtatiously.
“No. Just a twist of fate, I guess. We were both there and we got to talking about some things. I can read people pretty well. He’s really nice, wise, and friendly. I — can even read you too.” She added in on the sly. She bit her bottom lip with a half-grin, awaiting my reply.
I raised both brows and nodded. I sat back and returned her playful intent. “Oh really? And what do I convey to you?” I really wanted to know, given her reaction to me in the cruiser.
I could hear her heart beat begin to speed up, building with desire that began to permeate the air between us on both our parts. What she claimed made me nervous because if she could see the shadows that clearly, and read people well, then it was only a matter of time before she would eventually see me for what I really was.
She studied me; one beautiful eye squinting in examination, which I knew she was doing purposefully.
I noticed that she managed to lick her lips at least several times since we’ve been talking.
“Well, for starters I can tell that you’re the protective type, given what you do for a living, and though you are a public servant…there’s something else about you that seems—mysterious, electric, and dark.” She summed up. 
I held my breath when she said that.
 “Dark?” I played innocent anyway.
She laughed. “Yeah. I mean I know you’re a cop but…” She trailed off.
Our eyes met and held. 
She was studying me again, and this time I was afraid that she was finally seeing something of darkness in me now.
“But what? Now you’re stereotyping my tattoos, huh?” I joked and urged her to go on, wanting to know what was on her mind and what she thought about me.
She shook her head no, as if she didn’t want to say.
“It isn’t the tattoos. I actually think they’re cool, different.” She smiled.
“No? Then what is it?”
“I didn’t mean dark in a negative or bad way. I don’t know.” She said with a slight shrug.
I was beginning to feel as if she did know, and I hated how she felt as if she couldn’t tell me things. I do know that I really wanted to pick up the conversation from yesterday but I didn’t want to bring it up just yet.
“Ah, well I guess you’re the first to tell me that then.” I replied, just as the waiter brought my water and slice of strawberry pie.
“Really? Most girls like the bad boy, mysterious, tall, dark stranger type. You mean your girlfriend or wife has never mentioned it?” She asked as if she were prompting or fishing for information.
I smiled. I got it.
“Maybe she would—if I had one of either of those.” I replied.
She raised a brow as if she didn’t believe me. 
“What about you?”
“What about me?” She played naïve. She was definitely flirting and I really liked that.
“Do you like mysterious bad boy types?”
She smiled shyly and looked away for a moment, nearly turning lobster red.
“I’d be lying if I said no.” She answered.
I gave her my famous flirty smirk and I heard her heartbeat speed up in response.
“So, is your boyfriend also a bad boy then?” I asked on purpose to verify if she and that guy Joel were possibly more than friends.
She shook her head with a grin.
“No boyfriend.” She said taking a sip of her coffee.
“I don’t believe that.”
“I don’t really have the time for one. I mean, when I see my other friends and the issues that they constantly have with their guys, it all seems so unnecessary and exhausting. I’d much rather just stay friends.” She went on to explain.
“ I don’t know, it sounds more exhausting to keep turning down guy after guy and having to come up with a new excuse every time.”
She giggled and smiled big this time.
I loved her smile and the sound of her laughter, and how her eyes sparkled so vividly blue with so much light that it literally drew you in. Once she was changed over, she’d be able to best me easily because she was definitely going to be my biggest weakness.
“No need for new excuses.” She shrugged.
“I sincerely don’t believe that at all.” I told her.
“That’s the truth. Anyway, you look like you’re either off duty or undercover.” She cleverly dodged and changed the subject quickly.
“Off duty.” 
“Cool, so what kinds of things do you do in your spare time?”
I pursed my lips and shook my head with a shrug.
“Errands and I like to read.”
“You read?” She seemed surprised.
I laughed. “Does that sound incredulous?”
“It’s not incredulous. It’s just that most guys that I know don’t really read much, at least not for leisure. But for me personally, I find a guy who reads, and can cook…extremely sexy.” She specified.
I inhaled. Her body heat and scent was becoming intoxicating, desire was rising from of her skin in waves that kept washing over me, making it insatiably hard to quell my lust for her. Her innocent facial expression hid her desire well though. She was a tough one.
“I’ll keep those things in mind.” I winked.
“I heard from a birdie, that you’re working the campus too. I thought the University specifically had campus police for that. Aren’t you metropolitan?”
“I had a choice. It’s part-time work.” I lied, hoping that she wouldn’t check on that.
“Recent? Because I’ve never seen you around campus before.” She then added.
“Very.”
“Oh.” She simply nodded.
I hadn’t touched my pie yet. She picked at her pie again and it was silent. 
“I see you really like strawberry pie. I was craving it since I saw you order some last night.” She commented.
“How was theirs?” I asked with a nod to her plate.
“It’s good. Not as good as your friend, Ray’s though. He’s a really nice guy and a great cook.” She smiled.
I didn’t bother to mention that that pie had been store bought, it didn’t matter.
“He’ll be thrilled to know you said that.” I confirmed. I’d make sure to pass that information onto Rahab. He thrived on compliments, especially from women.
It was then that her face went serious for a moment as if she were contemplating something while gazing at her half eaten pie.
I wanted to ask her what was wrong but I remained silent. Her heart beat was speeding up again but it wasn’t just desire anymore. She was nervous. 
She hesitated, licking her full lips as she sucked in a soft breath and then glanced back up at me.
“Last night…you said you had an open mind about things, and that nothing would surprise or shock you, right?” She began.
She was opening up to me, finally, so I gave her my undivided attention…still with my own slight nervous apprehension.
“Right.” I nodded, leaning forward on folded arms with my elbows on the table.
She paused again, folding her napkin into an origami shape that turned out to be a sailboat.
She sighed before pushing her plate aside and leaning forward on her own elbows too.
“This will probably sound crazy, I know but —I didn’t run into a door.” She began, staring down at the table at first.
“I know.”
Her eyes flicked back up to mine in surprise, and when she saw that I meant what I said, she seemed more relaxed and inclined to go on.
“No one hit me either.” She said slowly, awaiting my next reaction.
I nodded for her to go on.
“It’s a little hard to explain in a way that even sounds believable.” Her brows furrowed.
“Well, let me be the judge first.”
She paused to gather her thoughts, I presumed.
“Do you believe in…demons?” She finally asked.
I don’t know why I flinched on the inside at the mention of that term coming from her lips but I did.
“Yes.” I told her flatly.
Her eyes lit up and she seemed relieved.
“Really? Like the dark, evil shadow people that create and cause negative bad things to happen, and possess people and…”
I bit my lip and abruptly cut her off, “I know what you’re talking about.” 
I didn’t mean to sound brash or rude, I just felt that she would slowly begin to actually start seeing me for what I was the more she kept going.
She breathed a sigh of relief.
“Well, I’ve seen them for most of my life, and recently, I’ve been having a lot of prophetic dreams that I think are connected with these demons for some reason. I think they’re either trying to hurt or kill me.” She then said in a low tone.
I studied her mouth and the completely healed bruising where her injury had been when she spoke.
“You’re saying that a demon hit you?” I asked her just to have her admit to it finally.
She sighed. “I know it sounds stupid and crazy.”
“No, it doesn’t sound stupid or crazy. I believe you.”
She blinked at me in surprise.
“Tell me about them, your dreams.”
She licked her delicious lips as if hesitant again, and I hoped that I hadn’t pushed too aggressively so soon, or sounded like an overbearing psychologist.
She paused, “Well, they’re all pretty hardcore and vivid. They’re repetitive, like following the same theme each time, which is the end of the world. There’s so much chaos, death, and destruction going on but it all seems so real. I keep seeing a lot of angels, dark angels that look evil and they’re looking for, or hunting me in particular. They call me by my full name too, which scares me because it means that they know me. They know who I am as a person. That terrifies me because I don’t understand or know why they want me. And though they’re either trying to hurt, kill, or make me go crazy —I think they’re afraid of me too. Does any of this make sense?” She asked. I could tell she didn’t want to risk me thinking she was completely insane. 
I didn’t in the least. In fact, I was livid.
Her eyes became glassy, and it seemed like she was trying to stave off tears. Then she seemed embarrassed or regretted having admitted all of that to me or something.
“Why do you think they want to kill you?” I asked.
She shook her head. “My professors office was the first incident, and then last night of course. You saw what they did to me. I mean, I wasn’t afraid of them at first, but now…I don’t know how to defend myself and I’m paranoid. I don’t know if who I see is actually who they are anymore. Seeing what they can do, I’m afraid that they may try to get to me through my friends or something next.” She shook her head and shivered as if she were thinking about that possibility right now. I waited for her to go on, seeing as she stopped talking all of a sudden.
Then her eyes met mine again. “The demon that hit me, it took the shape of another nurse there, which is what confused me, so I knew that was the intent. It was the most petrifying thing I’ve ever encountered in my entire life. I just reacted out of panicked reflex and struck first when it grabbed me. That’s when it hit me back, really hard.” She then went on to explain. Her brows furrowed as if she were still trying to convince herself that it really did happen.
Hearing her version of the story ignited a rage in me all over again, over Morning Star and his idiot assed voids, but I reeled it in and allowed a momentary pause between us because I didn’t want her to think that I found her insane. I know now that she was telling me exactly what happened.
I simply nodded, giving her my undivided attention to let her know that I sincerely believed everything that she was telling me.
“Instincts,” I finally said, after another moment of pause.
“What?” 
“Your instincts are apparently on a whole other advanced level than that of many others. Always use and trust your instincts.” I confirmed for her, wondering if she could see me yet. I know that may be toeing the line but I didn’t care. She needed some sort of advice, an advantage.
She nodded in awe.
“You’ll know the differences if you truly know your friends. They can’t hurt you unless you allow them to.” I then added.
She nodded again but still seemed apprehensive.
“Allow? I don’t think I have any power to stop them. That demon was way too strong,” She breathed and said softly.
“You’re stronger. Past the obvious fight you must have put up, judging by your injuries, you’re no match for them. Call it intuition. I can tell.” I affirmed with a serious expression so she’d know that I meant what I was telling her.
I could tell that she wasn’t sure what to make of my advice.
She pushed a curl away from her face and tucked it firmly behind her delicate ear, decorated with a small gold hoop. 
The shiny metal accentuated the soft, perfect, tanned complexion of her skin, her jawline, and the lightness of her hair color. I followed the gentle curve of her jaw and small chin, down to the gold chain and locket hanging from her neck. A small mole rested where her collarbones met in the small hollow of her throat, just above the locket. I could see her pulse beating beneath her smooth skin. 
I inhaled deeply to force down the slowly mounting desire pulsing throughout my own body, as I envisioned kissing and nibbling her sweet flesh and then moving up to her perfect, naturally red pout…to taste her in a deep kiss.
She didn’t need lipstick or any kind of make-up at all. She was a natural beauty with even-toned skin. I wondered why she had all of the make-up that she had on her dresser.
“I hope so. God, okay — now here’s the part where you handcuff me and put the strait jacket on now that I’ve told you all of this.” She said as she sat back against the padded leather backrest.
“Why would I do that?”
She shrugged a shoulder and sighed with a quick glance around the restaurant.
“Does it ever bother you? Women staring at you like this all the time? Some of them aren’t even being discreet about it.” She commented, and made a face to show annoyance at the group of young women a few tables over.
I turned to follow her gaze with a shrug and a smirk, more at her than them though they all smiled brightly back at me.
“I don’t even pay attention.” I said, turning my attention back to her.
It more aggravated that flattered me at this point in my existence.
She seemed both surprised and admiring of my indifference about it.
“I mean, I know they definitely aren’t staring simply because you’re tall…” She began.
I smiled. I knew what she was going to say.
She blushed, a beet red color this time.
“I suppose they also think I’m some famous basketball player or something, too.” I joked, referring to her own remark about it last night, regarding myself and Rahab.
She chuckled. “Maybe.” 
I wanted to return to the subject that we had begun to make progress on.
“I’ll give you a piece of advice that I’ve always known to be true in regard to those dark ones, and that is to never show fear or anger, even if you feel it down to your core. They can hurt your body but they can never touch or take your soul. It has to either be open and vulnerable, or given to them freely.” I carefully explained, only because it was the exact truth and if I could offer her any source of a defense, then that would be it.
She seemed confused. “Never show anger? Why wouldn’t I wanna do that?”
“You’d only be feeding them exactly what they want and need, making them stronger, bigger, and bolder.”
She nodded in understanding yet curious as to how I knew all of this.
It wasn’t against any of the rules to tell her that. It was something that every human being should know and understand. She had the benefit of getting the information directly from the source.
“That makes sense. I guess, I always thought that they couldn’t really physically hurt you. I’ve always known and been taught that demons were spirits and entities, like angels.” She then said.
I couldn’t help but shake my head at her statement, not to make her seem naïve — it wasn’t her fault. Most humans were clueless but she wasn’t a normal human. 
She was a chosen and she would become immortal very soon.
I rubbed the bridge of my nose and took a moment to think about my words. 
“That being said, then I’d say it’s safe to assume that every living being on the face of the earth is an entity. The physical body is only a vessel and your spirit resides inside.”
She bit her lip in thought and then cocked her head to eye me inquisitively, absorbing my words.
“Well, the spirits of supernatural beings created by God are different than human beings. Angels and demons were meant to be spirits.” She said.
I gave her a meaningful look. “What do you think a demon is?”
“A fallen angel.”
I hated the term Demon because to me there would always be a difference between us and the others who chose to align themselves with Morning Star. 
I nodded affirmation. “Okay. I was curious because you say that as if both Angels and Demons are two different beings created by God. There were just Angels, and Angels became Demons by virtue of disobedience and were cast down. But even so, demons are not just fallen angels, they’re Angels who have fallen and taken allegiance with Satan.” I informed her.
She paused, her eyes widened. “Oh…I didn’t know there was a difference. You talk as if you know all about that firsthand, or studied Theology or Demonology for a long time.”
I was taken aback by her lack of understanding but it wasn’t just hers…it was all of mankind. 
“Something like that. I dabble. It’s a hobby. I enjoy any topic that provokes thought. In my opinion, as far as spirits go, humans were given the gift of physical bodies. Bodies that used to be perfect.” I did my best to make it sound as if it were something I was simply forming my own theories on based on book knowledge.
If she could read me, then I had better pull back a little on too much information. She would begin to get suspicious having already been halfway there in her own beliefs and recent experiences.
“But being created to be perfect spirit beings is a big difference from being created in physical form, and to have free will like we as humans do though. Isn’t it?”
She was very profound and wise for her age.
“Not by much. All beings have free will.”
She stared at me and blinked as if she had a million more questions based on what I had just said alone but didn’t know how to ask them.
“I didn’t know that. I mean, I believed everything else up until that initial incident yesterday morning.” She began, and then her expression turned sincere.
I paused and waited for her to go on. I already knew the incident that she referred to. I had been there for the tail end of it.
“What happened?” I asked anyway to add a sense of normal curiosity.
“I knew people could be possessed by dark spirits and demons but I don’t think I truly believed just how scary and dangerous it could be until it happened. There were dark shadows around him and they used him to attack me. He had no clue what happened after it was all over. I tried not to appear scared, even though I was. I thought I had done a good job but like you said, I guess showing them anger and challenging them made them up the ante at the hospice.”
“Possibly.” I agreed, though I knew better and the why of what was really going on.
“You don’t strike me as religious.”
I smirked. “Religion has nothing to do with it. Religion is man-made and based, which is why there are so many countless denominations and wars fought over it to this day. It will never end, not by man alone.” I replied.
That was another truth.
Her eyes widened and she studied me carefully. “So, which one do you think is the right one?”
“That isn’t for me to say.” I smiled.
There was a brief bout of silence.
“You know, it’s so strange, and don’t take offense, but I would have never saw us having a conversation on this level about this stuff. You’re the second person that I’ve run into today that’s been this deep since all of this went down. You and Drake are total strangers to each other, supposedly, but you both speak like experienced long time priests or something. You’re two different guys, being that you’re a cop and he’s a teacher but I guess it doesn’t matter, it’s nice to have others to talk to about this stuff with.”
“He’s a teacher?”
“Yeah, why?”
“Nothing.” I shook my head, figuring that Drakael would pick something like that.
“Well, I don’t blame you for being hesitant to say anything to me about what really happened last night. This is a touchy subject and people don’t tend to believe what they don’t experience or can’t see themselves, though I’m not one of them. Maybe that’s why you’ve been given your gifts.”
“Maybe. I’m still trying to understand it all and figure it out. I don’t pray often and I’m not religious — not that I don’t believe in God, especially after yesterday. It seems that prayer doesn’t work much though, and I found that out the hard way.”
I paused. “It works. Never lose your faith. That’s really all the power that people have in this world.” I said softly.
I had forgotten all about my pie. My focus was completely on her and her mouth while she spoke.
“I think I had you all wrong.” She suddenly said.
I smiled, “What do you mean?”
She shook her head and laughed. “Nothing. Well, I should get going. I already missed all my morning classes because I overslept, and I meant to get some studying done. Thanks for joining me.” She began as she pulled up her purse and fished out her car keys and wallet.
“No, I thank you for inviting me to stay. I’ve got you though. Plus I suppose your friend Drake has the majority covered anyway.” I motioned a hand for her to put her wallet away, with a nod to the twenty that still remained on the edge of the mosaic tiled table.
“You paid last night. I can’t let you pay again. You didn’t even really eat anything.”
“I insist. But if you really want to pay, then maybe we can go Dutch, say tomorrow night? Dinner? What kind of music do you like?” I asked.
Her face lit up.
“Tomorrow? Yeah, okay. I like anything that has a good beat or lyrics that make sense. Speaking of music, there’s this rock concert going on down at the dome in college town. There’s supposed to be a lot of local bands playing tomorrow night if you’re into that kind of music. Maybe we can check it out afterwards.” She suggested.
There’d be no question. She wasn’t going— I wasn’t going to let her.
“I’m not really into rock music, actually. I was thinking something more along the lines of Jazz or R and B.” 
 “Oh, that sounds good too. Yeah, rock isn’t my kind of scene either.”
I walked her to her car, devious and excited yet somewhat dubious amid what was really going on based on what she revealed regarding her dreams. 
Her cell phone chimed just as I returned to the black sports car. Tuning in, I heard her mention her male friend Joel’s name. I saw her eyeing my car as I opened the door and climbed into the driver’s seat.
I wondered, since she could mask her emotions well, despite the physical signals her body gave off, if he were really more than a friend to her and she was in denial or something about her true feelings for him.
As soon as I started the engine, immediate tension and annoyance made my nerves twitch. I sighed heavily with aggravation.
I didn’t even have to turn around or look in the rearview mirror, and if the windows hadn’t been tinted dark, his sudden appearance out of thin air would have been a dead giveaway of himself for those nosy people trying to peer into the car now.
“What the hell do you want?” I seethed.
“Always a pleasure speaking to you, Cam`ael.”
I glanced into the rearview mirror, seeing Drakael’s smug and docile expression.
“You ghosted into my car.” I clipped.
“Now, it isn’t really your car, is it?” He smiled.
“You have three seconds to say something of importance before I physically toss you out of it.” I warned.
He shook his head, showing no hint of fear or annoyance.
“I’m taking on a big risk even being this close to your vileness in the proximity of this car alone. The least you can do is to show some respect.”
I shot him a glare in the rearview mirror. “My vileness?” I raised a hand, allowing the crackle and slither of dark power to come to life and coil around my forearm and fist — waiting for a direction from me.
Drakael’s eyes widened for a second and he shifted in his seat, but he made no moves to stop, retaliate, or ghost back out of the car.
“Is violence and lashing out all you can think to do in any situation?”
“Given my patience and my regard for you, it’s fitting.” I replied, lowering my arm slowly.
Drakael shook his head. “Why are you still lingering? Making dates? Your request was to meet her and from what I’ve gathered, you already did last night.”
I felt my jaw tighten as I clenched the steering wheel to control my growing anger.
“Last night was more of a rescue mission. If I hadn’t arrived when I did, she’d be in Morning Stars hands right now, no thanks to you and your kin, so don’t give me that admonishing shit! Regardless, I should ask you the same, Drake. I didn’t know having lunch and healing her was allowed on your part.”
“I had permission.”
“Well, this is the human world. I don’t need permission to roam and do whatever I please here, in case you’ve forgotten.”
“Look Cam`ael, despite our vast differences, I don’t want to see you lose what little bit of light you still have even if you don’t care.”
I looked at him incredulously and laughed. “I don’t care? What makes you think I would lose anything by simply being with her? I asked for permission and it was granted. What am I doing wrong?” I said firmly, feeling my blood begin to boil with irritation at his gall.
He paused.
“You know what it is that I speak of. I actually find it all compelling that in the many millennia that have passed, and among the many other divine warriors and mortal women that you’ve come across, that you seem the most drawn to her. Though I don’t blame you, the main conflict here is the obvious. She’s still human, she will be your enemy soon after her revival, and she won’t even remember you at all in the spiritual realm. Yet, you are still apparently very enamored with and determined to establish something of meaning with her. Take my advice and leave her alone, Cam`ael. We both know that she was chosen for another purpose, none of which are in your favor.”
Was he trying to get me to kill him?
My muscles tightened and darkness was slowly awakening in me. I gripped the steering wheel even harder to control any reflexive actions.
“You know what I find compelling? I don’t think that I’m the only one.” My eyes darkened when I made the accusation.
He narrowed his eyes, examining me with confusion as to what I was talking about, but I believe he knew.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“It means that I have a feeling that you’re going to find out just how easy it is to fall from grace if you don’t watch your step.”
I could see his eyes widen, considering my words and why I was even warning him at all.
“That will never happen.” Drakael flatly replied.
“You know better than to use the word never in vain.” I grinned.
He sighed.
“Let’s not change the subject. I’m sure you will find a way around the rules that you were given. You’re good at that sort of thing. I wouldn’t put it past you but you’re only setting yourself up for disappointment here and you know it.”
I laughed, “And that’s my business. It has nothing to do with you, so I wonder why you seem so concerned at all. I’ve lived over a hundred lifetimes of disappointments — a few of my own doing and fault, and many others as part of my punishment. So if I can allow myself one ounce or moment of joy where I can find it, then I sure as hell am going to take it, regardless of the circumstances or consequences.”
He shook his head.
“Don’t hate me more than you already do when this turns on you, as it will.” He warned.
“Believe me, nothing could make me despise you any more than I do now, Drake.” I venomously pronounced his ‘new’ name.
He pursed his lips and sighed disparagingly. “Drive. So much for keeping an inconspicuous profile but it doesn’t surprise me that you chose this one.” Drakael then said after turning to glance out of the window. He briefly examined the interior of the sports car.
“If anyone drew attention it was you materializing out of nowhere.” I shot back. 
With that I revved the engine and punched it without warning, purposefully screeching and merging with the flow of traffic — heading towards Rahab’s diner.
“What was the purpose in you having lunch with her? You could have healed her easily without even being seen if you were given permission.” I demanded to know.
He paused. “I have more liberties than you do, given the circumstances. She needed a shoulder and it was my duty to comfort her.”
I was annoyed by that fact though I know what he meant.
“You don’t think that miraculous act was a dead giveaway? And you’re worried about me?” I pointed out.
“Restoration of faith is a common practice in case you have forgotten.” Drakael defended.
I shook my head. “That didn’t mean that you had to actually go out with her afterwards. I don’t need you spying on and harassing me either. I’m being nice about this warning.” I stated.
“I’m not spying on you. For one who knows there is no purpose or future in something, you seem awfully protective and jealous, Cam`ael.” Drakael replied.
“It isn’t jealousy. I’m sorry, I must have missed when you told me why you’re bothering me right now.” I eyed him in the rearview mirror. 
“You know of this musical concert tomorrow and who’s essentially put it together?” Drakael asked.
“I have more of an idea now than I did when we last spoke, why?”
“We need you there.” He stated.
“Why? Isn’t that why you guys will be there? Infiltration of something Morning Star is planning, something that has to do with a secret dark divine army perhaps?”
Drakael was studying me in the rearview mirror this time, but not saying anything about my assumption, which told me that I was right.
“Yeah, I figured it out on my own though. I’m not sure why that was such a big secret.”
“Will you be there or not?” Drakael ignored my statement, refusing to confirm what I said.
“Nope. I have other plans.”
“You know that being with her will only make them more aggressive towards her and those in her close circle of acquaintances, right?”
“And I’ll deal swiftly with those then. My only concern is her, by making sure that she won’t be there at all for starters. Even if I have to remain cloaked, I’m not leaving her out of my sight.” 
“Cloaked? As if that made a difference before. That does count as interference by the way.” Drakael chuckled.
“No, it doesn’t. You said that control over those of my kind were my call and that is exactly what I intend to do.”
“The results of your actions may end up causing more devastation than would have been.”
I laughed at that one. “Then I suggest your side actually steps in for a change beforehand and do some preventative measures before it does. I’m gonna handle this the way I want to. You worry about taking out those dark divine ones like you and the rest of your kin are here to do. I just hope you’re not outnumbered, and don’t look to me to step in and police anyone. Weren’t you the one who said that I was no longer Chief Angel of all Powers?” I reminded him with sarcasm.
“I don’t expect you to go out of your way to do anything that wasn’t asked of you. Any of our plans are of no business or concern of yours.” He replied turning to look at the traffic that passed us on the freeway.
“Funny how there is never a hesitation in requesting my help, or needing me to do something that is considered reprehensible in order to aid your side—even killing, but I am not allowed to know anything else? You trust me enough to ask favors and spy for you, even rescuing these chosen and bringing them to you safely, but not enough to fill me in on plans that involve thwarting Morning Star’s actions, even when it’s obvious that despite being fallen, we are on the same side.” I pointed out.
Drakael looked at me, knowing that I made a valid argument but he said nothing in response, probably because he knew damn well that I was right.
“We will never be on the same side.” He replied flatly.
“Then why does your side keep summoning and following me around?” I sneered.
“Because among your brethren, you are a very rare and highly feared, yet venerated demon. The fact that you hold both light and dark and have kept them balanced within you for all this time without abusing it makes you worthy of our collaboration.” He finally admitted.
I eyed him in the rearview mirror and a smile played across my mouth at his words. “Translation, you need me more than I need you. So maybe it’s you who should be showing me a little more respect then. After all of this, find yourself a new informant among the fallen, and good luck with that.” I stated, and I meant it.
“Considering what you desire, the need goes both ways, Cam`ael. Are you telling me or Elohim that?” He raised a brow.
“I don’t owe you a damn thing, Drakael, so who the hell do you think I’m addressing?” I said through clenched teeth, biting back what I really wanted to say to him personally.
His mouth tightened and he said nothing.
I didn’t think he would, but it made me wonder if he were being scolded, given the expression of subtle surprise and then humility that flickered across his pale face.
After all this time, I was beginning to think that maybe the light remaining within me was more a burden of obligation and that I was a tool, rather than it being a gift that left me some favor. Though I was grateful, I often wondered about it but I would never ask, even if I could still communicate with Elohim directly.
I drove slowly, taking the longest route on purpose. I knew better than to show up at Rahab’s diner with Drakael in tow. 
That wouldn’t go over well.
“There is something that I do want to know. It’s had my curiosity for a while now.” I began.
His expression changed to inquisitiveness, waiting to know what it was.
“Other than the obvious to us all, regarding her aura, what else is so different about her? Why does Morning Star want her in particular so badly? There is something, so don’t say that there isn’t.”
Drakael inhaled a deep breath and exhaled slowly, “The very reason that you yourself are so drawn to her. You’ll know eventually if you don’t already.”
I narrowed my eyes at him in the rearview mirror.
“Really? Well, I’m not in the mood to decipher any riddles or sacrosanct codes, so just tell me.”
Drakael just smiled.
I didn’t feel like digging deep into some philosophical level of thought as to why or what. “And you wonder why you irk me.” I growled through clenched teeth, sighing sharply.
“The truth is, I don’t have the answer to that.” He finally said.
I eyed him. He was telling me the truth.
“But there is something though, isn’t there?” I pushed.
He took a long moment for pause. “Yes.”
My mind went to work, ruminating over all of the things that I’ve ever learned, observed, or listened to during the times that I did watch her but I couldn’t think of anything in particular that stood out.
“I would think you guys would be a bit more proactive in watching over her then.” I commented.
“We are doing what we were instructed to do. Everything is being watched Cam`ael. Everything.”
I scoffed at that with a snort of incredulity.
“Is that why you were having lunch with her?”
“My having lunch with her was a kind gesture. Don’t perceive your intentions as my own. And for your information, the convergence of your brethren at this event is going to have a devastating effect, so we need to level and preserve the fallout.”
“Then do it. You don’t need me there to handle any of that.” I replied.
“No, we don’t. You have another purpose for which I don’t know since it is not my request.” Drakael said.
Another request?
I was beginning to feel like a chess piece in a never-ending game. 
“When was this request made?” I glared at him in the rearview mirror.
“Not long ago.”
I paused to think of why Elohim was doing this to me all of a sudden. He wouldn’t even speak to me directly anymore, and he hasn’t ever since I fell. Typically, it was a request or two here and there, and I happily obliged if it had anything to do with countering Morning Star. Now it was becoming tedious because despite it all, and following through obediently, I still remained shunned.
Thinking of things logically, I knew it was only because the angels didn’t have as much rule or control of the mortal world as Morning Star and his minions did…for now. It was one of the major laws and agreements of interference. Elohim’s reason for that was to allow all beings to exercise the gift of free will that they were given—freely without influence, which also meant having to deal with the consequences of or reap the rewards of those choices.
In the spirit realm though, it was the complete opposite. 
However, by virtue of claiming chosen and turning them against the side of light, Morning Star was twisting many rules. The law of interference became null and void in that regard, which was why an army of angels were coming soon.
“This is a mission to destroy divine dark ones, isn’t it? Because if he’s got them, I guarantee there will be some but not the majority of them at this concert.” I concluded to see if he would admit to anything or give more information.
He didn’t address it.
“You don’t need me there.” I reiterated.
“Your presence alone makes many of your kin nervous if not fearful.” Drakael explained.
I wasn’t flattered.
“And it could provoke even more violence on the flip side. You know what the point of bringing so many together in one place means.” I countered.
“Yes, and we will be there to gather. There will also be divine warriors in the mix as well.”
This time my eyes widened and I eyed him in the rearview mirror, nearly slamming on the brakes, I quickly made a sharp right, pulling off the road, and stopping curbside in the parking lot of a service station.
“Are you guys insane? Don’t you get how badly this will escalate and turn out for mortals not to mention the slaying of those in my legion as a possibility?” I exclaimed.
“You are the only one who can control the power of the dark ones, Cam`ael. We’ll handle the rest.” Drakael replied calmly.
“I’m only one being! I can’t do all of that and even if I could, I’ll be putting myself as well as those in my legion at risk of being found out if not destroyed. It would ruin everything we’ve been trying to accomplish before the end! I don’t want to have to kill off any divine warriors to protect them but I will if I have to!” I was beyond angry now.
“You won’t have to. They are aware of their mission and have been bound to adhere to the specific orders and laws.” Drakael noted.
“They’re not going to stop to analyze the differences between myself and those in my legion from Morning Star’s, Drakael!  Don’t be an idiot! You and I both know this!” I slammed a palm against the steering wheel causing the entire car to rock. I was furious.
The energy and heat in the car was becoming evident and Drakael shifted in his seat to prepare for anything that I might do.
“We’ll have your back.” Drakael assured.
I sighed in frustration and ran my fingers through my hair, shaking my head in disbelief.
There was a moment of silence.
“I have a date with her and I’m going to finish it. If your side is confident in knowing what they are doing, then promise me that you will have someone protect her while I’m there.” I tried to control the wrath in my voice.
“She will be with you.”
I snapped. I was practically in the backseat now, duly pissed off by his calm, smug demeanor, and hating the anger and frustration that he was igniting in me.
“You have got to be bullshitting me!” I growled through hard, clenched teeth.
Drakael inhaled and sighed at my vulgarity. I only said it to tick him off… if that were possible. I knew that everything he was telling me was the truth in what was to be.
“Not only will she be in danger and a distraction for me by making sure that she remains safe, but she will see all of those divine warriors and the dark divine as well! Is this a joke?” I couldn’t believe what I was hearing
This went against every rule and sense of logic. What ever happened to not revealing ourselves or any being of the spirit realm? This made no sense to me at all. And then it hit me, and instantly a sharp pang of pain settled in my chest like deaths vice grip.
This event— would be where she would die. 
Drakael’s side meant to keep me busy and distracted, so I couldn’t interfere and do anything to stop it or save her.
“No. No, this isn’t fair! You want me to bring her to her death and watch her die at the hands of one of Morning Star’s minions? That will not happen!”  I was shouting now.
I couldn’t only be with her for one night and then forever be erased from her memory, only to become an enemy. 
This wasn’t what I wanted or expected!
“Cam`ael, do not go against what is to be. You’ve already known this was coming. You asked to meet her and you have.” Drakael attempted to soothing and calm my fury.
I wasn’t hearing him. 
The anger, hate, and defiance building within me was taking over and I was doing everything that I could to keep myself from unleashing darkness and killing Drakael on the spot, even if it would provoke Elohim’s anger and revenge. I remained quiet for a long while, though the dark energy could tangibly be felt in the car. I know that along with my silence, that was making Drakael nervous.
Demons couldn’t cry, however sorrow was another thing. It was something I’d known far too long and all too well. I was tired of the feeling. She wouldn’t know me anymore but I would always know and remember her. That is what would hurt me the most, aside from knowing that she would hate me.
What if I just simply killed her myself? Spilled her blood? Then Elohim would kill me instantly, and that would be the biggest favor that he could bestow on me. Ending my existence forever. At least then, I wouldn’t have to continue existing with a never-ending punishment, and with this longing and ache.
If killing her violently in order to shed her blood was what I had to do to end myself and ultimately save her, then I would it as torturous as that would be for me to do.
“Fine, consider it done. Now get the hell out of this car, and if Rahab happens to see you again in this realm and the other, I will not stop him from tearing you apart as I’ve done for so long anymore.” Was all I said without even looking back at his face.
“Don’t hate the messenger, Cam`ael. For once, think logically before speaking in rage. If Morning Star wants her alive, do you really think that he will cause the death of so many when she will be among them?” Drakael said, and in the next instance he was gone.
Yes! He’d find a way to secure her away before unleashing some kind of disaster, whether it be in the form of a malfunction, or something else freakishly creative. I didn’t believe Drakael, even if he had a point. I was tired of this and I didn’t want to risk her no matter what or who told me that it had to be.
Unless he was saying that it was going to happen and by her simply being there, she’d save many people from being killed and taken tomorrow night. I don’t know if that even mattered for me. There were going to be far too many dark ones, as well as his new dark divine army members there, all attempting to either hurt, take, or even kill her if she resisted or fought back...and she would, I knew she would.
I could accept her death if need be but I’d be damned if it was at the hands of one of Morning Star’s servants. On the up side, Morning Star would not be able to have her either, allowing her safety in becoming a full-fledged divine warrior. Two birds with one stone…a stone of my own sacrifice. I knew what I had to do. Call my intentions suicide, it was pretty damned close. I only hoped that my friends and all those in my legion; Rahab, Nayrez, Macai, Ryziel, Atiro, and Edanai, would all understand and continue on the fight against Morning Star in my absence.

XII: Starling

I was beginning to feel more empowered and better about everything since meeting and being with both Drake and Cam. Cam — God, I could not stop thinking about him. He was incredibly sexy and intelligent. 
I really liked being with and talking to Drake too. He was also just as gorgeous, and not just because he resembled Antonio Sabato Jr. either. That was it though. I didn’t feel any kind of physical chemistry with him at all. It was unexplainable but maybe it was because of how and where we met. I really liked him because he made me feel good and secure, both mentally and spiritually. 
On the other hand, with Cam, I felt sensuality, caution, and so freaking horny. All throughout our conversation, there were currents and surges of heat and energy in the form of something dark, mischievous, and naughty that tweaked every erogenous zone on my body. I tried my best to ignore it all but it had been tough. I felt it last night and in the cruiser, but it was twice as strong today during lunch. I found myself becoming more and more attracted to him on a physical level, and when he asked me out — I may as well have joined a convent and had both my eyes and my hormones checked if I told him no. 
The sports car was sweet and he looked really good in it, which had me wondering just how much police officers made in this city. 
I thought about everything that both he and Drake told me all the way back to the University. It all made sense and I felt a little more confident about acing the shadows and demons now.
Joel called and said that China had reserved a table at his aunt’s restaurant for happy hour tonight, and that he was giving me a head’s up that his aunt had just gotten a new karaoke machine. She was setting it up for its grand initiation tonight. \
Great, China loved karaoke. She couldn’t sing but she, like many people, loved to think she could after a few drinks. 
Though the miracle in the church had taken away the bruising and pain along with the purple finger marks that had been around my ankle, I wanted to check my face in the rearview mirror anyway once again before heading inside. I had to make sure that China couldn’t drill me about what happened, let alone anyone else. To my pleasant surprise, it had healed over— nearly completely, except for a very faint tint of bruising that was hard to see unless you squinted and looked very closely.
Perplexed, I ran my finger over my lips and the corner of my mouth where the bruising had been. I didn’t know what to make of its nearly complete disappearance. Something miraculous happened at the church without a doubt, and it definitely renewed the little bit of personal faith and inner strength that I had managed to hang onto deep inside.

China was in the kitchen putting up some groceries when I came in. Her books and notebook were open and spread out all over the bar where she had been doing some work.
“Well hey there,” She said, her head hidden behind the door of the fridge as she stood up and closed it.
“Hey.”
“Okay, before you make plans…” She began, holding up her hands to stop me from protesting and before I even had a chance to hear what she was about to say.
“I know, I know, Joel told me,” I said as I headed towards my room to kick off my boots and change into something more comfortable.
“Good. So how did you sleep last night?” She called out.
“Soundlessly,” I called back.
“Fantastic! You look a whole lot better too.” She called back.
I tossed my things into the chair next to my dresser. She had just reminded me to ask her about the missing box of Ambien’s and my mysteriously clean room — not to mention the feather.
I eyed it, still perfect, white, pristine, and sitting on my jewelry box. I picked it up again and brushed my finger tip along its incredibly soft edge, watching the gold fringes shimmer as I did. I brushed it across my cheek, loving how soft and comforting it was and inhaled its unusual heady scent. 
“Hey China…” I called out as I headed back out into the living room.
“What’s up?” She looked up from her textbook.
“Thanks for the pills but I think that maybe I slept too well. Did you by any chance…take the pills back for some reason, and then cleaned my room and left this?” I asked in one sentence and holding up the long feather.
She was obviously confused. She raised both brows and her eyes traveled from mine, to the feather, and then back to mine again.
“What?” She replied as if I’d lost my mind.
I felt as if I had.
“Well, I got up late this morning, and when I did, my room was clean, the pills were gone, and this was on my jewelry box.”
She shrugged with her arms out, clueless. 
“The house cleaning fairy? That’s a big ass feather.” She mused and pointed at it. Then she reached for it in fascination.
“I’m serious. If it wasn’t you, then this is kind of creepy don’t you think? Does someone have the key to our apartment?”
“Well, the office would have a copy of it but only management and maintenance have access to it, and I highly doubt that anyone of them would have done something that weird and illegal while you slept.”
I watched as she examined the feather with the same curiosity that I had.
“It’s pretty and it doesn’t look like a normal sized bird feather. Is this real? Or like a quill or something?” She said. Her face scrunched as she inspected the feather closely, gently brushing the soft edges and the clean tip through her slender fingers.
Well, it was obvious that she didn’t leave it nor did she clean my room or take the pills. Why would she have done any of those things?
The thought of any other possibilities made me shudder with unease and a twinge of fear. What other explanations were there? 
In my silence, she looked at me curiously. 
“I don’t know. This is the first time I’ve ever seen it myself.” I replied.
“You think someone has been in your room? Is the lock on your window broken?” China questioned with alarm, taking off briskly and jogging into my room and heading to my window.
She parted the wispy aqua blue curtains, and pulled the strings to let the blinds up, examining the locks. I followed and stood behind her, peering around her shoulder to make sure myself.
I sighed and then pursed my lips — feeling stupid. 
“Really, China? First of all, we’re on the second floor and even if anyone managed to get up here, I don’t think someone broke in, didn’t steal anything or touch me, cleaned my room, took my sleeping pills, and left me a feather.” I stated.
She paused and we both looked at each other and then laughed.
Despite our shared laughter, and as disturbing as the thought was, the circumstances of it being someone trying to steal or do harm didn’t match the evidence.
China glanced around my room. “Damn, your room is really clean for a change. This is weird. Well, hell maybe you did it in your sleep. Ambien’s have been known to be that potent, being that you’ve slept walked before. I mean, you could have gone outside and gotten attacked by some large water bird, or big bird himself. Wait, no, big bird isn’t white.” She said, trying not to sound as if she believed what she was saying. It was more in a joking manner and she laughed.
I sighed, smiling weakly and pursing my lips. I gave her a wan look and moved back to sit on the side of my bed, covering my face with my hands. I rubbed my eyes and ran my fingers back through my hair to push the curls that fell forward away from my eyes.
“Hey, I was just kidding. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean anything by that.” She said as she placed the feather down on my dresser.
My bed sunk down a little under her weight once she sat beside me and hugged my head with an arm around my shoulders.
“No, I know. I just,” I paused and turned to her, “China, do you think I’m crazy? Of everything I’ve ever told you about the things I see and my dreams, I want your honest opinion. Do you think I’m crazy?” I asked her sincerely.
I wasn’t going to tell her everything that happened to me since yesterday with the exception of Cam and who he was, since he’d meet her eventually and she’d probably see him around campus anyway. Rehashing it over and over again was pointless.
She looked at me with concern, her face was serious with a sympathetic edge and she chewed her lip in thought.
“Yes, but in a good way.” She grinned.
I sighed and laughed a little.
She smiled crookedly, “Kidding. No, I don’t think you’re crazy at all.” She then said.
“Don’t say that because you’re my best friend, I mean that.”
“I’m not. You know I wouldn’t lie to you.”
She was right. I knew she wouldn’t either.
“What’s really going on? You know you can talk to me, Star.” She asked as she rubbed my arm consolingly.
I shook my head and sucked in a breath, standing up.
“Nothing. I’m ready for some Sake and karaoke tonight, so I hope you’re driving.” I grinned.
She laughed but I could tell that she was trying to read my sudden shift in attitude as something else.
“Don’t worry, I got you. This outing is for you.” She winked and stood up too. Then she caught me off guard by asserting a warm hug —one that I didn’t think I needed until she did it and it made me tear up a bit.
When she pulled away, she paused and took a closer look at my face with wrinkled brows. The fact that it had taken her this long to notice had been a good thing but now —here it comes.
“Did you…um…what happened to your lip there?” She asked tapping at her own lip where mine had been swollen and split just yesterday.
I quickly moved away from her, pretending to look for something on my now organized dresser.
“Nothing major. I ran into a door at work yesterday.” I quickly told her and then pulled open a drawer to search for a pair of boxers and a t-shirt.
She snorted and laughed. “Wow, maybe no more Ambien for you at all, girl. You are straight up still tripping hard.” She shook her head and flipped one of my curls playfully while moving past me to head out of my room.
“Be ready by six,” She called out over her shoulder.

~~~***~~~

Karaoke night was pretty packed, so I was glad that China had reserved us a table. I’d hate to have to sit at the bar. I looked for Joel but I was sure he was lost amid the other wait staff.
Jenna and Vanessa were already at the curving corner booth adjacent to the stage, waving us over. My eyes bugged initially at the huge combo platter of sushi, two bottles of sake, and four matching ochoko cups that were already on the table. I grinned —Joel had definitely hooked us up. I was surprised that they had been able to obtain any at all. None of us were twenty one but that didn’t say that most of the under-aged student population here, including China, couldn’t get around that obstacle obviously. 
A fake ID wouldn’t have worked for me anyway. I get mistaken for being both fourteen and sixteen a lot. I didn’t think I looked that young but without makeup…I could see where the assumption would be made and being only five foot two didn’t help either. But that was a good thing, I’d look thirty when I was fifty, maybe —if I lived that long.
I precluded that last thought quickly. I wouldn’t let it ruin my good time.
I slid into the booth across from Jenna and eased my light jacket of. China sat across from me next t, and Vanessa scooted towards the center to make room for the both of us. 
“What is it about karaoke that brings out all the American idol rejects?” Vanessa commented when a thin, lanky man took the stage and conversed with the emcee. He wore purple zebra print torn jeans, a purple fishnet shirt with nothing on underneath, sporting a long braided hot pink pony tail, and donning more facial piercings than hell raiser himself. We all chuckled.
“Either Star has a twin or you drugged her. How the hell did you drag her out?” Jenna joked and asked China.
They all looked at me with wide smiles.
“Hey, I get out, just not much lately.” I defended, pouring myself some sake into an unused ochoko cup.
China held a hand up to stop their tirade of wisecracks while sorting through the sushi sampler platter on the table.
“In her defense, she’s been overworked and burning the midnight oil between work and school. This was much needed therapy for all of us.” She said.
“Oh God, tell me about it. Semester finals are coming up way to fast too —ugh, here-here.” Vanessa said, raising her small cup to toast, and then taking it all in one swallow. 
“Joel is working our table in case you were wondering how we obtained the special libations,” Vanessa announced with a Vanna White gesture over the two contemporary, sleek designed Sake bottles.
“Yeah, I figured that much.”
“He’s a cutie. I like the intellect but he’s not my type.” Jenna commented.
“No, we know what your type is.” China replied and we all snickered.
“Whatever.” Jenna laughed.
“Hey, I’m gonna smoke a cigarette real quick, come with me.” Vanessa said to China.
“Oh, let me bum one.” China said as she quickly tossed back a shot of Sake right before they both scooted back out of the booth.
“I’ll order the next round when we come back.” China offered, and they both headed back towards the front and outside.
China was a social smoker, only when she was drinking, and both Jenna and I couldn’t stand the smell of cigarettes.
I eyed the colorful rolls of sushi on the plate, spying my favorite superman rolls and picking up a pair of chopsticks.
“So, what’ve you been up to besides research and homework?” Jenna asked, checking her lipstick.
I shrugged. “You know me, just school, the hospice, and the Y.” I told her.
“Damn Star, you do need more diversity in your social calendar. Are you going to that concert tomorrow night with China?” She then asked while pinching a piece of sushi between her own chop sticks.
“No, I—ah, actually have a date tomorrow night.” I smiled, though unsure if I should have even mentioned it since I hadn’t even told China yet.
Too late to take that back now.
Jenna instantly sat up and beamed broadly. “No shit! Who? Anyone we know? Who is he?” She rattled off excitedly.
I hesitated, not wanting to say too much. 
There was no way my friends wouldn’t eventually know or see us together at some point anyway.
“He’s —a cop.” I then said wanting to bite my own tongue and shut myself up now.
Her mouth hung agape and her dark eyes widened in surprise, then her expression turned mischievous.
“Oh my God, seriously? I didn’t know you were into the whole uniform thing but I figured that if you did, then you’d start with military first. When and where did you manage to pick up a cop? I bet he’s hot too, right? Young I hope, because that’d be really gross, especially if he’s married….unless he’s rich, which as IMPD, I doubt .You probably shouldn’t invite him along for our happy hours either.” She laughed.
I couldn’t help but shake my head and laugh too, as she babbled on without taking a single breath or skipping a beat, like only Jenna could do.
Well, he did have a really nice car but she may have a point. After all, he was gonna ticket me for driving with an injured ankle but somehow I think he was kidding about that though. It seemed like his personality. I smiled again thinking of him, our conversations, and our upcoming date.
The music cued up loud and sharp, some heavy drum and guitar synthesized melody. Apparently, the guy onstage had made his selection, finally, and it was a tune I didn’t recognize at all. The dining audience perked up and began to clap with cat calls and words of encouragement. The guy did some sort of jig and waited for his own cue to start singing as if he were a seasoned rock star of some sort.
He was a walking show all on his own, very entertaining with fans in the making.
Once I tossed back the rest of my first drink, I instantly began to feel its warming effects cascade throughout my limbs and body. It wouldn’t be long before I got wasted at this rate, so I’d better pace myself. I liked it though, it helped me to not think about everything else but I don’t think I wanted to become an alcoholic in order to live and get through each day. Or did I? I chuckled to myself internally.
This stuff was already working on me. I’d better eat something.
I poured some soy sauce into the small sauce bowl and selected a salmon cucumber roll.
“When do we get to meet him?” Jenna smiled.
I shrugged again. “I don’t know. I guess you guys will, eventually. He recently just got assigned to the campus and —you can’t miss him.” I said, quickly taking another sip of my second Sake and finishing it.
Her mouth dropped momentarily and then she grinned devilishly. “Really? He’s that good looking, huh? Damn, I definitely can’t wait now.”
I blushed. Yes. Yes he is.
“So how is Joel taking that? I thought you and he had the whole friends with benefits thing going.”
I shook my head no, thinking of Cam at that exact moment.
I was beginning to feel really good now.
“Uh no, we’re just good friends.” I told her before dipping my sushi roll into the soy sauce cup and eating it whole. The salty flavor with a hint of spiciness hit my tongue all at once.
Though it was the ‘in’ thing here around campus, hooking up and ‘friends with benefits’ were not my style or interest. I respected myself too much for that. Pleasure without love and respect was empty and pointless to me.
China was the only one who knew that I was still a virgin and she kept it to herself, just like a best friend should. It was something I didn’t feel the need to go around wearing a t-shirt to display or printing on business cards. It wasn’t that I intentionally set out to wait for marriage or anything, it was just that between my experiences with visions and seeing scary, otherworldly things; surviving one of the most deadliest hurricane disasters in history that took the lives of both of my parents, including almost myself; and then the death of my grandmother — who I loved more than anything; I never once had the thought or desired to sleep around just to fill the voids. I simply kept to myself and stayed busy with projects and volunteer work.
It was never something I glossed over until I got to college but even now, I didn’t take it lightly or frivolously. Until seeing Officer Cam, I had never really paid attention to those hormones and desires that came to life and overwhelmed me in his presence and it was extremely strong around him.
Speaking of, Joel was heading our way with another platter of something that looked like pot-stickers and another bottle of sake. He was dressed in his uniform of black slacks, a white button down shirt, and red waist apron. He instantly smiled when he saw me and I could see China and Vanessa weaving their way back to our table in his wake.
“Well good evening, you’re looking…wow.” He raised both brows with a wink and smiled at me after setting the platter of pot-stickers down once Jenna moved the sushi platter aside.
“Thanks. This sake is just what the doctor ordered. It’s good.” I commented, finishing up the third serving in my cup.
 “Not too much, the doctor doesn’t want you getting wasted or sick. In fact, I’m cutting you off in particular after this one. I don’t think I could sneak you guys another one even if I wanted to anyway.” He continued with emphasis towards me, after setting the new bottle of sake down. 
He bent and squatted on his haunches so that he was face level with us and then he began to massage my shoulder. 
Jenna waggled her brows at us over her sake cup.
China and Vanessa moved to slide back into our booth once again.
“Oh come on Joel, let’s not play good cop. She needs this and you know that. Besides, I’m driving.” China replied giving him a playful shove.
“You’re driving? Okay then I stand corrected, I’m cutting you off now too.” He then said teasingly taking the bottle of Sake that he had just set down back.
“I can handle my liquor, thank you. Don’t play Joel, especially when your tip is on the line,” China kidded as she reached for the Sake he commandeered.
“Speaking of cop…” Jenna smiled big and glanced from me to China, Vanessa and then Joel.
Oh please, Jenna, not now.
I regretted telling her anything at all but it was too late. I flushed with a pleading look but she ignored it.
Damn, everyone followed suit and their eyes went from her to me in anticipation of finding out what she meant. May as well get it out now I supposed.
I sighed and shifted in my seat, not wanting to meet Joel’s eyes.
“Star has a date with one tomorrow.” Jenna beamed as if she had juicy gossip she couldn’t wait to share.
Everyone paused, mouths hanging open as if that was shocking news.
I didn’t want to look at Joel at first but I did anyway.
“You plan on breaking the law?” He joked with a chuckle.
“Wait, why is this the first time I’m hearing this? What cop?” China replied, affronted with an accusing glare at me.
“That’s what I’m saying.” Vanessa added.
“I just met him. I was gonna tell you. I mean —it wasn’t like you weren’t gonna meet him when he picked me up anyway.” I told China.
“Yeah and he’s working the campus too, so we’ll all get to see him at some point.” Jenna rubbed her hands together with a grin.
Joel stood back up with hands on his hips, and though he was smiling, I could tell by the look on his face that he seemed bothered by the news.
“So you have an actual date-date, huh? Is he taking you to the show?” He asked.
“No.”
“You’re not going? I thought you were.” Vanessa whined.
“So did I but wait, I’m still stuck on being the second to know this.” China held her hands out to halt further conversation.
I sighed and looked at Joel.
“Well, I wanna meet him too. He’s gonna have to pass my standards too, cop or no cop. What time is he picking you up?” Joel then asked.
“Look, for all I know, this may end up being just one date so no need to get all crazy.” I replied, speaking to all of them.
“What’s his name?” Vanessa’s eyes twinkled with curiosity.
I didn’t want to say it. 
“A cop, huh? Yeah, what’s his name?” China insisted, crossing her arms over her chest.
I hesitated and finally sighed in defeat.
“Cam.”
“Cam?” They all repeated in near unison.
“Yes.”
“What, like short for Cameron or something?” China asked.
“I suppose, I don’t know.” I shrugged one shoulder.
“You don’t know?” Joel raised his brows.
“Maybe it’s just Cam!” I blurted in exasperation.  I poured more Sake and tossed it back in one swallow on purpose.
The alcohol was getting to me now and I was really getting tired of twenty questions.
“Alright, calm down, girl.” Vanessa giggled.
“Yeah, well I’ll let you guys get back to your…therapy of spirits. Hey, you guys should go up and do a song or two before you leave, I beg you. Cause after all this— that I’d wanna see. Don’t let her black out.” Joel said making a circular motion around the Sake, and then to China, referring to me with a smile and a wink. He stood up and moved down two tables behind ours to take their order.
“That was an utter look of hurt and jealousy if I ever saw it.” Jenna covertly commented.
“Yep.” Vanessa agreed, sorting through the pot-stickers.
I shook my head, ignoring them even though I knew they might be right.
“Alright spill, I want details.” China demanded.

~~~***~~~

After a few more cups of Sake, my confession to China about Cam, and three, horrid, out of tune old school songs, I was done. I had to be up early in the morning anyway to head to the YMCA. What kind of a role model would I be to the kids, coming in hung over, puking, off balance, and possibly breaking my own neck; while teaching a whip back or even a round off back handspring for that matter?
I was getting sleepy anyway but I knew that Jenna, Vanessa, and China were nowhere near done hanging out yet. Someone had suggested going dancing, and I heard something about a party that one of the fraternities was hosting but I declined.
The cold blast of air conditioning bathing my face was like heaven, taking away the still lingering effects of my second puke session. I would have rolled down the window and stuck my head out for some fresh cold air but the possibility of being beheaded by a road sign wasn’t the way I wanted to go.
We were in China’s Range Rover. I lay back in the passenger seat with a plastic grocery bag, China had so thoughtfully tucked into the front of my shirt like a catch all bib, just in case I felt the twinge again.
I should have known that I couldn’t handle my liquor but after the buzzing overtook me, I couldn’t stop, especially after we convinced Joel to bring us one last bottle before cutting us off completely. I managed to nearly finish off that last bottle all by myself, too.
I closed my eyes, trying to ignore the steady bump and rocking that didn’t help the churning and warming of my already souring stomach.
“Man, you are such a lightweight, Star. We’re gonna have to wait until the night of partying is almost over before you start drinking next time. I wanted to go dancing.” China said while she changed the radio station from some alternative rock to hip-hop.
“You can still go. Vanessa told you where they’d be.” I mumbled in a half-whisper, half- groan of the ill and dying. 
She sighed. “No. I’m kind of tired anyway. —Oh shit!” She suddenly hissed.
My eyes snapped open and I turned to look over at her.
She was glancing in the rearview mirror.
“What?” I asked.
“Shit, shit, shit. Okay, just sit tight.” She sighed.
She slowed the Rover down, signaling to pull over onto the shoulder, and then stopping completely before shifting into park. I sat up and turned to look out of the back windshield.
Police lights.
“You were speeding?” I whined, already afraid because even though China could hold her liquor well, the law didn’t give a damn.
“No! I don’t think so.” She panicked and wiped her hair from her face.
She turned off the ignition, reaching for her purse, and pulled out her wallet.
My first thought, after adjusting the seat so that I could sit fully upright, was fear. I didn’t want China to possibly be arrested for DWI.
China was breathing heavily and cursing under her breath as she fished out her license and then she reached for the glove compartment.
I tugged the plastic grocery bag from my shirt, balling it up and tossing it onto the floorboard. I turned to look out of the back windshield again. 
The patrol car door was opening, lights still bright and blaring as traffic passed by us in a zip of headlights, while others slowed to rubber neck.
Whoever the officer was, he was tall.  I immediately thought of Cam. Oh, please —a part of me hoped it was and the other part prayed that it wasn’t. 
He took his time, clicking his flashlight on as he slowly approached China’s side. He tapped on her window. No, he wasn’t as tall as Cam after all from what I could see of him in the dark. His outline was nothing more than a shadow from where I sat.
China rolled it down, immediately switching into flirt mode and painting on a bright and alert smile.
“Good evening. How are you ladies doing tonight?” The officer asked
There was something immediately —strange about the air and the sensation that ran through me at that exact moment. I sat up even straighter, tense while straining to see the officer better. He leaned down into the window, part of his face still obscured and hard to make out since he had the flashlight shining brightly in our faces.
I squinted and looked away. A random, weird heat wave came wafting into the Rover suddenly, along with something that smelled like burnt earth, rotten fruit, and electricity. I wrinkled my nose in recoil.
“We’re great, Officer. Is there a problem?” China replied in a tone that suggested she was naked. She purposefully thrust her ample cleavage enhanced by her low cut, form fitting shirt.
The flashlight seemed to be more in my face than hers.
“Where are you guys heading tonight?” He then asked.
“Back home.” China coolly answered.
“Where is home?”
I didn’t like where this was going and I felt an icy knot of apprehension and fear settling into my stomach. I was completely sober now.
“North east, at the turnoff at the next exit up there.” China replied, covertly not mentioning us being college students.
I was sure that she had done this before.
“What are we being pulled over for?” She then asked.
“I see. Either of you been drinking?” he asked, totally ignoring her question.
I wondered why it mattered if I had since I wasn’t driving. Maybe he was referring to how young we looked, I supposed.
“Well, I did have a glass of wine, to be honest. We had dinner with friends.” China explained.
“One glass of wine? Proof of insurance, registration, and licenses from the both of you.” The officer demanded, taking a step back.
He wasn’t buying it.
“Mine? Why mine?” I asked.
“She’s not driving.” China added to my defense.
Oh crap! Apparently, he could tell that we had been drinking, which meant that he could still give me a ticket for being under-aged…at least that’s what it would reveal on my license since it was real.
“Licenses. I’m not gonna ask again.” He stated firmly.
I sighed, feeling ill again as I reached down for my purse and fished mine out of my wallet.
China sighed and handed hers, along with her insurance and registration to him, and I handed her mine to give to him as well.
“Sit tight ladies.” He said as he took them and headed back to his car.
I should have known. Bad things usually come in threes and this was the third. Hopefully, it wouldn’t end terribly. In a way, I felt guilty. These bad things were happening to me lately. I was the one being stalked and jinxed by demons and now maybe China would be too since she was with me.
I watched him in the mirror attached to my visor, having this foreboding, sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach.
“Just fucking great. He didn’t even look at my breasts. He must be gay.” China sighed and stammered.
I gaped at her incredulously. “You’re breasts aren’t even that big, China.” 
I couldn’t believe that she was even commenting on that.
China shot me the accusing eye. “You’re one to talk, Star. I was your cup size in junior high. I’ll have you know that these babies have gotten me free drinks, free meals, and out of many tickets before — thank you very much.” She pointed to her chest and defended, while insulting mine.
Many tickets? She was talking as if it that record was something to be proud of! I groaned. I couldn’t believe China wanted to argue about breast sizes, when we could both possibly be arrested for simply consuming alcohol while under-aged. 
“Well maybe he’s married or simply doing his job, then. Who cares? What difference does it make? We’re in deep shit!” I glared at her.
 China huffed. “Don’t worry, if anything he’ll probably just give you a warning.” She breathed to calm herself as she raked a hand through her short hair.
I shook my head and chewed my lip. The ill feeling from earlier was resurfacing in me but I wasn’t so sure it was just the beginning stages of the hangover anymore.
“I will take this to court. I know I wasn’t doing anything that would warrant him to pull us over in the first place.”
“Just don’t do or say anything that will get you arrested, China. He could just give you a warning, too.” I told her, feeling a migraine coming on.
“I hope so. I’m not drunk but I may not pass a breathalyzer.” She sighed.
I closed my eyes and rubbed my temples. When I opened them again, I saw something move out of the corner of my eye. A shadow was rolling by the passenger side window — slowly, like black smoke…smoke with a life of its own. 
It churned and stopped, hovering near my window. Maybe that was why the cop had pulled us over. I began to wonder if the demons were causing things to happen when it involved me. I tensed, watching it roil within itself. 
I knew there had been something off, like an intense negative charge in the air around us but I remained quiet and calm for China, remembering what officer Cam had said to me about the dark shadows and facing them.
Show no fear or anger. Well, what did that leave then?
What did he know anyway? He had no idea what it was like. He couldn’t see them and they weren’t trying to kill him. 
Surely, it wasn’t going to…
I paled and felt my skin crawl. Gravity pulled the insides of my stomach towards the floorboard. What if it used the cop the way it had used Professor Phillips? I inhaled a deep, panicked breath and stiffened, trying to think of a plan of defense or something.
I looked over at China. It was obvious that she didn’t even notice the shadow at all. She drummed her fingernails on her steering wheel, watching the cop in the rearview mirror every now and then.
What if — what if the shadow tried to enter her and then she tried to… No. I didn’t want to think of that but it was hard to ignore the possibility.
I swallowed hard. My gaze flickering from her and then to the shadow, just to make sure that it was still there, because as long as I could see it, it wasn’t in her.
I wanted to tell her to just take off but that would not go over well for us in regard to the cop, who wouldn’t have understood or taken the reasoning behind our flight of panic very well.
China suddenly shifted in her seat and sat up. I followed suit and my gaze followed hers.
The cop was returning but this time he was approaching my side. 
Oh no, this was it. I was either gonna be arrested, ticketed…or worse.
I swallowed hard again, my mouth going dry, and I hesitated to roll down the window at all because the shadow had disappeared. That only meant one thing to me.
He rapped on the glass with his flashlight. Hard.
I slowly held out a finger to press the ‘window down’ button on the car door console. I let it down only a few centimeters, expecting him to just hand me my license and my ticket.
“Step out of the car.” He ordered.
“What? Why does he want you to step out?” China asked in a panic.
I wanted to ask the same thing but I knew better.
The first thing that I did notice, was that this cop had similar tattoos and markings, just like Cam did on the backs of his hands. Those strange, dark, tribal-like designs seemed to move and writhe in the darkness right before my eyes. 
Not only was that observation on the level of alarming and creepy, it made me wonder if I were dreaming again. Was he another demon? A dark angel in disguise? A fallen angel in a — police uniform disguise? My thoughts trailed off and the next instant, a vision of Cam entered my thoughts. 
My heart was hammering wildly. Icy knots of pressure began to form all the way down my spine. Is that why he was demanding that I get out of the car instead of China? I wasn’t going to do it but I didn’t know how I was going to get away or avoid it either. If he was a demon, why were his tattoos similar to Cam’s? I didn’t want to think about where my thoughts were leading me. I was being silly and paranoid again. Maybe he really was a cop and I really was in trouble for drinking.
 I was petrified on the inside but I wouldn’t let it show, even if I couldn’t feel my rubbery legs anymore.
“What did I do?” I asked him anyway, not making a move to unlock and open my door just yet.
“Step out of the car,” He repeated slowly as if I were stupid or testing him.
I turned to China, who looked on in shock. She was scared too. Her eyes were wide and disbelieving. She was unsure of what to say or do in my defense and she was ticked off, walking the fine line of getting arrested just for my sake, which I wished that she wouldn’t do. If this cop was a dark angel in disguise, a simple locked car door wouldn’t keep him from getting to me. I only hoped that he would at least leave China alone though.
“I don’t like how he’s talking to you, police or no police. I’m gonna get his badge number and you can bet that I am going to file a harassment complaint.” China made sure to say out loud.
Still not moving or making any attempt to open my door, I sat with my index finger poised over the unlock button in hesitation. I eyed the officer in silent terror. The bewitching and dangerous scent of something foul yet intoxicating, was getting stronger.

He continued to wait, making no further demands or offering any explanations…yet.
I began to depress the unlock button when the Range Rover suddenly revved back to life. China threw the gear into drive and it spastically lurched forward, tires squealing and the velocity slamming my head back into the seat, popping my neck.
China took off at full speed, dangerously missing an oncoming car behind us while fishtailing back onto the freeway. I was too shocked to do anything else but stare at her in utter disbelief at first. 
I quickly snapped out of it. “Oh my god, China? What the hell are you doing?” I exclaimed, aghast.
She was clearly just as hyped up as I was at her own desperate act.
“What does it look like? I’m saving your ass!” She hissed sharply.
At that point, I felt a complete wash of dread envelope me. Not only was this not becoming of China, it didn’t sound like her either. She would never do something like this or talk to me like that. In fact, she didn’t even look at me when she said it, and the Rover was picking up even more speed as cars around us swerved, slammed on their brakes, and honked belligerently at her. She continued to speed down the highway without regards to anyone or anything.
“Saving me? China, we’re going to get arrested — stop!” I urged her, still appalled at her sudden burst of delinquency.
She ignored me. Her focus remained intent and straight ahead with some bizarre determination at either breaking or running from the law, and thinking that she was saving me, or some sick fantasy come true for the adrenaline rush.
This wasn’t my friend though.
China would never do this.
“China?” I called out calmly in more of a question to see if she was still, China. I trembled on the inside, feeling as if I’d lose control of my bladder at any moment.
She was driving faster, cutting through traffic with incredible speed and efficiency. I was mortified, grasping onto the door grip and bracing myself.
“China?” I called again louder.
She didn’t answer.
This wasn’t good. My mind raced with a million and one bad thoughts, all with no positive explanation or outcome but I think I had an idea.
The sound of my heart pounded loud inside my ears. All of my muscles tensed in preparation for the worst case scenario, fight or flight.
“Is Jack coming over later?” I decided to ask as part of my plan.
“Jack?” She questioned sharply, still not looking at me. She leaned into the steering wheel with focus, pushing near ninety five now.
My heart hammered with fear and helpless anxiety.
“Your boyfriend.” I replied, eyeing her profile and pressing myself against the passenger side door to keep some distance between us just in case.
“No! He’s at a party or something, I guess.” She snapped as if I were asking a stupid question.
I wanted to faint. My stomach hurt and my head felt like it would roll straight off of my shoulders. Tears began to stream down my face involuntarily.
I now knew where the shadow had gone.
“Stop! Stop the car! Pull over now and stop!” I finally found my voice and demanded.
She laughed. “I can’t do that, Starling! I saved you from them, and now I have to get you to the portal in one piece, quickly! No blood, no blood. I’ll be rewarded! I have to do this right, so don’t make me hurt you. Just shut the fuck up!” She shot back at me viscously.
The voice was no longer hers. 
She called me Starling.
The blood drained from my face. Oh my God. What was she —it saying? She sounded insane! No blood? Portal? No, no…not China. Please God, not my best friend!
The urge to cry, reach out and grab the wheel, or beat the crap out of the thing inside my friend, which would be impossible without hurting her, bombarded my reflexes all at once… until Cam’s words entered my head again.
Don’t show fear or anger. Why did his advice resonate so much with me?
It was worth a shot.
I needed to get a hold of my emotions and thoughts. I took a moment to stave my fear and ignore the fact that we were shooting down the street at warp speed, without regard to other traffic, people, trees, or brick walls.
“Okay, well you’re not going to get me there in once piece at this speed, so slow down! I’m a human being. I can be killed easily and so can my friend. You can do whatever you want or take me wherever you’re trying to take me but don’t you dare hurt or get her killed, and I mean that!” I then stated firmly, trying my best to keep the fear out of my voice.
China turned to me with a dumbfounded expression but it wasn’t her jade green eyes anymore. I could tell that much even in the dark. 
There was no light in them at all.
“I said to shut up!” She squeaked with anger.
“I’ll shut up when you slow down. If you don’t, I’ll open the door right now and turn myself into road bits, which will be a hell of a lot of blood and you won’t get me to this portal at all, now will you?” I challenged it, calming my own tone. 
I think that it was actually working. I no longer felt as terrified and out of control. China, or the thing possessing China, didn’t know what to make of my sudden shift in attitude or my threat.
The Range Rover began to slow just a bit but I saw that it was more because we had reached a forested area and she was about to turn off into it. It was ominous and dark, impossible to see any kind of a road but that didn’t stop her from making the sudden, sharp, rough turn onto a narrow, dirt path.
The car bounced and jostled wildly. I braced myself and held my breath, hitting the back of my head on the window anyway with a hard thud, which made my eyes tear up.
I was going to fling the door open and make a run for it. I could probably get away, even though I didn’t know where I was and it was super dark. It was just China’s body, regardless of the thing controlling her. I could outrun her any day but I didn’t want to leave her behind and in the hands of that shadow either, so that idea was not going to work. 
I made note of the direction of the main road as she drove on, wondering what exactly this portal was, what it looked like, and more importantly, what would happen once I was taken there.
The red and blue strobe flashing lights from the police car caught up with us in the distance and it was coming fast. It was one cop car and there was no sound of sirens, which was a good thing, I think. I felt terror and sickened all over again, still hoping that this was somehow another dream and that I would wake up at any moment.
I didn’t know which was worse…careening dangerously in the woods amid thick, tall trees, or possibly being shot, tased, or arrested once we were stopped.
In a split second decision, I lunged over and grabbed the wheel, turning it sharply to the right in the hopes that China would do exactly what she did next.
“No! What are you doing! He’ll get you!” She shrieked as she fought against me and slammed on the brakes.
I scrambled for the small, square lever behind the gear shift console and jerked the emergency brake upwards for extra precaution.
The force of the car stopping abruptly made me cry out as the seatbelt pulled taut against my neck when I was thrown forward, my face missing the glove compartment dash by mere inches. The Range Rover thumped hard against something that now blocked our path but not hard enough to engage the air bags.
“Look what you did! Now I have to carry you!” She screeched through clenched teeth.
It took me a moment to gather my senses and she was already opening her car door.
I brushed my hair from my eyes, dreading the reflection of the blue and red lights in the windshield that was fast approaching through the trees.
Shit!
I fumbled for my seatbelt, barely unlocking it when the passenger side door was wrenched open with such force that the whole SUV nearly tilted over.
China reached in and grabbed me, yanking me out hard. I tumbled out and we both fell.
She was incredibly strong. She’d have never been able to do that so easily and without effort, regardless of my petite size. The demon inside of her was giving her strength, and there was no doubt in my mind now that she was indeed possessed.
“China, listen to me. Fight it! I know you’re in there, fight it and pray!” I said once she grabbed me by my arm and hair, and then began dragging me forward. 
She laughed out loud. “Pray? That doesn’t work! Now stop fighting me! Believe me, I’m saving you!” She replied in an unnatural voice.
I winced and sobbed inside. I didn’t want to have to do it but I had no choice. I grabbed her around the ankles and tripped her. She stumbled, her grip on my arm loosening and I quickly pulled away, scrambling to my feet.
The police car stopped in the distance, and a dark, large shadowed figure loomed at the crest of the shallow hill that we had driven past, now approaching us on foot.
He didn’t say anything, and he didn’t even use a flashlight, which I found odd but it only affirmed what I had known when he was on my side of the car moments ago.
 Now, I was truly terrified.
I didn’t understand. Weren’t these demons working together? If so, why didn’t the one possessing China just hand me over to him? Why had she taken off like that? Was it possible that the same dark beings each had different motives for getting their hands on me?
I couldn’t believe that I was even pondering all of these possibilities and scenarios, still feeling as if this were all a dream, but here I was —and so far, I felt no inkling that I was going to wake up any time soon.
If I didn’t try to incapacitate China then he may shoot her either accidentally or purposefully. I had to make another difficult choice, as much as it would pain me to do.
China was already on her feet and reaching for me again.
I said a quick prayer, and then —I punched her, only to miss my intended mark. I landed a hit on the forehead instead. 
My ring dug into my knuckle when I did and she cursed, covering her forehead and faltering backwards a bit.
“Damnit! You can’t hurt me like that! Your friend is going to be pissed though.” She then grinned malevolently and laughed.
“China! Fight it, please! You have to!” I screamed looking back at the demon cop, who was getting extremely close now.
And then, there was a sudden streak of white light winding through the trees like a stealth serpent. It speared itself right through the hulking shadow of the cop who had almost reached us. Then, the shadow cop simply vanished into a dark cloud of smoke and was gone. Spontaneously afterwards, so was the police car, as if it too had also been a figment of darkness or my own imagination.
If I didn’t see it for myself, I wouldn’t have believed it. The fact that I was still here with China, who had fallen to the ground and began to thrash around in a seizure like fit, proved affirmation that this was all as real as the cold, wet, rough, leaf-covered, muddy ground beneath my butt and palms. 
Not only had I seen some strange comet of unnatural light but there was another strange shimmering mirage of light disguised in the darkness that resembled some sort of doorway behind us. It was only a few yards away from me, and more shadow things were coming through…towards me.
That must have been where the shadow in China had been trying to take me and maybe where the ones at the hospice and that cop had been trying to take me, too.
Where did that doorway lead to? Hell?
A cold numbness began to take over me, leaving me feeling helpless and vulnerable as they slinked closer. I could almost see the evil faces in them, eyes and mouths all with sinister grins.
I was alone, scared for the both of us, and I had no idea what to do except to continue praying.
Out of nowhere, I felt the urge to vomit and my entire back began to burn as if being rubbed raw by sandpaper and then doused with alcohol. I gasped and gagged cupping a hand over my mouth, violently retching and heaving with spittle dribbling from my lips, but nothing solid came up. I was dizzy, feeling as if I would pass out at any moment. I pitched forward onto my hands and knees, my stomach lurching and cramping as I continued to gag, feeling as if my entire back were on fire now.
Something flicked and tugged forcefully at my hair, the sources of the burning sensation all over my back. I prayed again, not wanting to turn around and face any shadow this close up and for what good it did. Out of my periphery, there were suddenly many thin, bands of bright, white light zipping past me, leaving both heat and the scent of searing hot metal in its wake. 
I whipped my head around in both terror and awe and eyes wide, watching as those light bands encircled and sliced through the shadows that had been gathering behind me in lasso like coils. The light destroyed all the dark moving shapes instantly upon contact and they all disappeared silently into nothing. Then, the shimmering doorway winked out of existence as if it had never been there at all. 
My guardian angel was answering my prayers, and he or she had saved us…saved me, once again.
Tears began to warm the corners of my eyes but China was still screaming, crying, and fighting the entity within her. Why hadn’t it saved her too? 
Well, prayer had worked for me, so now I needed to do it over her to try and help her myself, and fast. I crawled on my hands and knees closer to her, and then I began to pray once again. I held my hands out over her writhing form, afraid to get too close. 
The light from the headlights of her Rover didn’t offer much light in this direction, so I really couldn’t see her face that well.
“China?” I called out shakily, debating on getting any closer to her yet. Seeing her like this was killing me, especially since I could do nothing about it, and then suddenly… she just stopped. 
She lay still with her chest heaving, and she was choking through sobs as if she were trying to speak or call out to me.
Was China back? Did my guardian angel save her after all?
Being that she had finally stopped screaming and thrashing, I should have felt a sense of relief at that point but I didn’t. I caught sight of another flickering mass of shimmering darkness outlined by an unearthly luminescence. It slammed into and disappeared into her, and I knew then that we were as good as dead.

XIII: Cam`ael

It was getting late by the time I made it back to Rahab’s diner. I decided to stake out a few places near the University first, in what they all called, ‘college town’ and the Dome where the concert would take place. Morning Star was being real crafty but I knew him better. One of, if not maybe two of those rock bands, were divine dark ones. It was a little hard to tell in a mere photocopy though. I studied one of the many flyers that I had picked up, which had been posted to several of the corkboards, all littered with advertisements and announcements in the main atrium.
They would be in the prime position on stage where they could see everything, and my guess was that the portal would be open during their performances, which meant it would probably be behind or on the stage somewhere. Drakael and his legion were on their own, and they had better not stop or interfere with anything that I decided to do or invoke. If they wanted my help then they were going to get it. Then I’d ‘release’ Star and flip Drakael off, right before Elohim destroyed me — permanently.
There had been a few shadows scattered about the area as I was leaving the University. Probably curious when they saw me, but they took off quickly. I didn’t have to chance to capture and interrogate any of them.
If I just sat back and did nothing or if I quit trying to do anything to stop Morning Star, it would make things a lot simpler for me and all of those in my legion. It would be fine until the time for Morning Star and I to confront each other in our own personal battle.
Only one of us would survive it.
None of it mattered to us anyway. We would all continue to go on and on, some pointlessly. I wanted Star but I knew that I could never truly have her. I cared about her enough not to leave her subjected to the cruelties that may lie ahead for her in the hands of Morning Star, let alone the possibilities of what he planned for her. So the idea of just giving up now was not an option for me. 
The moment I pulled into the parking lot of Rahab’s diner, I already felt the presence of other dark ones all around, more so coming from inside. The signatures felt familiar, which meant that they were already picking up on mine too but there was a strong, dominant female one in particular that I didn’t like. I felt a burst of surging force and fight roiling up and electrifying me, ready and waiting to be unleashed for the first deadly strike. 
My curiosity was semi-satisfied when the door to the diner swung open just as I stepped out of the sports car. I tensed and readied myself for any confrontation.
I should have known that it wasn’t that level of an emergency…yet. If it had been, Rahab would have signaled to me telepathically, which was rare since he could hold his own.
I stopped short and sighed with a wry look at the female heading towards me with a half smirk on her painted red lips. Her eyes were tinged with a note of seriousness as she descended the set of metal steps and met me halfway.
Her hair was pulled back into a sleek, long black pony tail. Her amethyst colored eyes were more dark purple than usual, and she was dressed to blend in well with the supermodel type human women of this plane. Though I wanted to be glad to see her, I immediately remembered my plans and hoped that I wouldn’t give them away and tell on myself.
Edanai was very good at reading auras and body languages though.
“I’m sure it hasn’t been three daybreaks yet.” I spoke first.
“No, but you know me, I don’t like to worry about you and it drove me insane not knowing. Don’t worry, your place is sealed and secured. Rahab did well. I think he’s really found his calling. I like it.” Edanai said turning her head and looking up at the neon sign flashing: ‘Ray’s Fine Eats.’
“What’s going on in there?” I asked with a nod towards the door, making my way towards the entrance steps.
Edanai kept pace with me and put a hand to my arm to halt me. 
“Wait. There are humans in there, oblivious as always,” She began.
I tensed and I know she felt my muscles grow rigid beneath her touch.
I turned to look at her.
“I know so don’t speak out loud.” I mouthed to her.
She looked at me curiously but nodded in understanding and we immediately switched to communicating telepathically. I didn’t want our words to be heard by who I thought it was inside. 
Both Edanai and I moved in closer to each other as if we were sharing an intimate conversation, in order to throw off any curious human.
“I picked up the other signature. Is it who I think it is?”
“Yeah, your perpetual poisoned thorn in the groin showed up unexpectedly, and it took everything that I had not to slash and kill the bitch with my bare hands where she squatted like the fucking gargoyle that she is.” Edanai replied, pursing her lips with a scowl for emphasis.
I chuckled briefly at her words and temper flare. I knew she was serious but I was glad that she didn’t instigate anything that would have blown up into something out of control before its time.
“You’ll get your chance to exact your rage and wrath, soon.” I told her.
“Soon is still too long for me when it comes to slaying that wretched anal whore.” She sighed.
I smirked. “Well now, that isn’t necessarily an insult.”
Edanai rolled her eyes and huffed wanly.
“Whatever, Cam`ael. Anyway, she gave some story about coming to warn you about something.” 
That actually gave me pause, though I never took the words of any demons in Morning Stars liege seriously or with a grain of truth, no matter what she looked like. This was going to be a massive event for him. The gang was nearly all here. I wondered what devastation they would cause this time.
“I’m sure she did.” I commented pessimistically with a glance at the closed diner door, salivating over the aroma of grilled steaks and onions seeping through the cracks.
“Warn you about what?” Edanai wanted to know.
“I guess we’re about to find out.” I told her, though I think I had an idea.
Whatever it was, I wasn’t going to waste any time or energy on it. I needed to get back to Star and monitor the vicinity, while keeping an eye out for any of Morning Star’s newly created dark divine army slinking around.
I wasn’t sure if the reason for her sudden surprise visit was a ruse, being that they tracked down Rahab so quickly, or if it was an ambush or something of that nature. Either way, knowing Berith, it was definitely not going to be without cost, no matter what. 
Her false charms and wrath came from her perpetual scorn at my past rejections of her as a lover. She was a classic demoness from the very pits and bowels of Morning Stars reserve minions, formerly one of his lovers, too. Her beauty was a false façade derived of pure wickedness in all its meaning and essence.
“I don’t have a good feeling about this. Usually when she’s around, some of Morning Star’s top arch demons aren’t far behind either.” She then said.
I stared at her with a million thoughts racing through my mind instantly, none of them good and she knew exactly what I was thinking and what it all meant.
“I know. I may need you to do something for me, so I’m actually glad that you’re here. Later, I’ll need to talk to you and Rahab.”
“Oh really? Something like what, and talk about what?” She asked with a hand on her cocked hip.
I had permission to regulate others of my kin, and both Rahab and Edanai were included among those kin. The idea hit me all of a sudden and it was far from breaking the rules, I think.
“I know how much you like those novice young males and there’s plenty at the University at Bloomington. I’ll need you to keep an eye on Star for me.” I propositioned. 
“Star? Some human female? Is that why you came out here hmm? Wow, it’s almost like de` ja vu.” 
I gave her a scolding look.
“Don’t even go there and bring that up. I’ll fill you in later, she’s a chosen and believe me…you’ll know her by her aura.” I then told her before she could open her mouth to demand more information.
“A chosen?” She said with shock, surprise, and confusion all passing over her tanned face at once. 
I didn’t mean to let that much slip but she’d eventually want to know, and she’d find it out sooner or later.
“I’ll catch up with you later to explain. For now, please keep it all among our close circle but only if they ask.” I stopped her from unleashing a tirade of questions, continuing on towards the metal steps that led up to the diner doors once again. 
The doors suddenly swung open before I even set foot on the first step, allowing the full scent of food, conversation, and a song playing on the jukebox to billow out. Berith stood there like the self-proclaimed, superficial, golden Goddess she portrayed herself to be. All breasts, hips, lips, and platinum blonde hair that cascaded in thick overdone waves down her back, in her beyond tight, low-cut black pants, hooker boots, and emerald green halter top underneath a cropped, leather, black jacket.
Yes, she was very attractive but her substance and what she was underneath it all overpowered and coated her in a permanent vile stench that even I wouldn’t dare touch.
“Well, well, well. I waited for you to come inside but I just couldn’t take the excitement any longer. I love the new look.” She grinned as she sashayed her way down the metal steps towards us.
Edanai took a defensive stance and frowned. 
“I came as a friend, simply to deliver valuable information. Anything extra, well we can discuss that when we’re alone.” She smiled seductively, merely cutting her eyes at Edanai irreverently.
“Valuable my ass.” Edanai countered.
Berith gave a curt sarcastic chuckle only glimpsing at Edanai as if she were beneath her.
“No need to be jealous, Edanai.”
In a blur of movement, Edanai lunged forward at her and I shot an arm out to stop her. 
Berith laughed.
“Don’t, just stay cool.” I told Edanai.
I could feel the pulse and push of Berith’s dark power begin to grow, and I instantly tamped it back, pulling some into me. She glared at me, feeling the tug against the wall of power that I was pushing against hers in preparation for any strike that she may have tried to attempt.
Edanai’s power began to flare outward but she knew me and she knew that I wouldn’t let her use it, not now and certainly not here. Though she was strong in her anger, I felt her finally give in and relax with a groan of protest and annoyance. The glare she gave Berith could have scared the holy hell out of any normal human.
Berith held a long nailed hand up and sighed in resignation. “I was only reacting in self-defense, so let’s be fair about this. Tame your little bitch shrew, first.”
“I don’t make it a point to harm females of any species but you will be an exception if you continue testing me.” I warned her.
She laughed and rolled her eyes.
Rahab shadowed the entrance behind her, towering over her. Berith turned her head slightly without regard or reaction, daring and awaiting his action.
“Everything ok?” he growled soft enough for the three of us to hear but maintaining a steely gaze at Berith as a warning.
She ignored him, unaffected, and turned back to face me.
“I don’t have time for this. If you’re willing to hear me out regarding what’s about to happen, especially if it matters to you at all, then you know where to find me.”
“You mean this rock concert?” I asked her.
“I’ll be waiting for you to summon me.” She winked with a flirtatious smile. She then moved past us and purposefully brushed against Edanai forcefully.
Edanai’s hand whipped out in a flash to grab Berith’s hair but she had already misted away into black vapor.
“Bitch!” Edanai growled through clenched teeth.
The heat of her power and fury could be felt in the air and I glanced around to see if any humans had been around to witness it.
“Calm down, she’s gone.” I told her.
“I can find her!” Edanai snapped.
“It isn’t worth it.”
“What was that all about?” Rahab asked.
After quickly scanning the vicinity for sight, scent, and movement of both humans and our kind, I didn’t want to take any chances when mentioning our game plans. 
I spoke softly. “Nothing. Rahab, I need you and several others including Ryziel to do some reconnaissance around town regarding that rock show. Remember what we talked about? There’s another problem at hand. He isn’t the only one trying to take her, so keep an eye out for any large groups of unfamiliar dark fallen. I want to know which group summoned Baal but I don’t want any of you at the concert, at least not together in one area.” I said.
“Everyone?” Rahab questioned.
“Yes.” I simply said.
“Whoa, what the hell is about to go down?” Edanai asked, looking at me in confusion.
Just then, Ryziel materialized in the parking lot behind us; leaning against a big black motorcycle with his booted feet crossed at ankles and arms crossed over his chest. I was getting annoyed. They all knew better. All this materializing in and out in plain sight was not going to remain unseen if they kept doing it.
He was decked out like the bad-ass that he was in ripped jeans, leather jacket, black graphic t-shirt depicting a skull with red eyes and black wings, and embellished with spikes of all kinds all over his attire. His look mimicked a dark, long- haired rock star, which meant that he would really blend in well at that concert. 
He smiled mischievously, like he always did.  It was hard to see his eyes under the dark choppy fringe of his bangs that hung down to the bridge of his nose, which was how he typically wore it. He could definitely mix well among the Gothic crowds of this realm too.
Though Ryziel was extremely handsome to both human and immortal beings, his eyes were the most disturbing of all his features, especially to humans who could not look at them. They were completely black, but his irises and entire pupil were a bright fluorescent red that remained flaming and glowing. 
He was wearing sunglasses now, but even so, he made sure to always mask them as well as his teeth in the mortal realm. There was no way that he could play those off as special effect make up or even having been done surgically, with the exception of his brandings.
“Did someone just summon me?” He grinned, referring to the mention of his name.
I already knew he had heard what we all had been talking about.
“Try not to stir up anything Ry.” I commented.
He feigned an innocent look. Ryziel was a flirt and very popular with the women in both realms. He was one of our most superior fighters.
“Who me? Never. Although I appreciate this assignment ‘cause there’s nothing I love more than sweet, young college ass. But who is this chic and why are you so worried about her? Is she hot?” He queried with a wicked smirk.
“Don’t even think about it. It’s not an assignment, just a favor that’s all.” I pointed at him.
“I told you that you were lord.” Rahab whispered behind me.
I pursed my lips and craned my head around to look at him,
“Ray, don’t you have some dish to make?”
Edanai smirked at Rahab first and then at me.
“She’s a divine chosen.” Edanai whispered to Ryziel.
I shot a scolding glare at her for having mentioned it at all, let alone out loud as if the others wouldn’t know it eventually when they saw her aura. Even though I knew why she said it with derision, I was surprised that she was harboring any jealousy at all. I knew it wasn’t simply because Star was a chosen.
I’ve known Edanai for far too long.
Ryziel’s face flashed surprise. 
“What? Yikes, talk about self-imposed sadism but I admire your high-risk insanity, Cam. Then again, I’m guessing that she’s definitely hot.” He surmised with a grin.
He mounted his motorcycle in one swift move and kick started the engine.
It rumbled beautifully, purring like a large beast. I considered one of my own instead of the sports car. I’ve ridden motorcycles many times before and I loved it, it was more fitting to my personality. I gave Ryziel a warning look that he understood the exact meaning of, not to dare try to seduce or mislead her into something not becoming of her.
Ryziel took off, leaving a wake of smoke and exhaust behind him. The rumble of the bike quickly grew faint in the direction of the college.
“She’s actually very nice.” Rahab added in Star’s defense.
Edanai blew out a breath of incredulity. “I’m sure she is. What are you going to do when she’s chasing you both down and hurling whatever her gifted essence will be at the both of you in order to kill you on sight without blinking? Will it still make her nice if she does it with a smile and then apologizes to you over your disintegrating ashes? Now, are you going to tell me what’s going on?” Edanai presented negatively.
I looked at her wryly.
Rahab seemed saddened at the thought, as if he were just now realizing what Edanai was saying without the extra sarcasm thrown in.
“I will but let’s not talk about this anymore right now. Are you going to do this for me or not?” I cut in flatly and asked Edanai again.
She sighed and pouted for a moment.
“Tell me that this is a request.” She then asked softly.
I knew what she meant by asking.
I paused, tilted my head to the side, and lifted my shoulder to pop my neck and then I sighed, defeated. 
I didn’t want to lie to them and I didn’t want to involve, let alone risk any of them to pursue whatever I was trying to pursue by wanting to meet and get to know Star. It wasn’t fair to them and I didn’t expect them to agree to risk themselves. They could tell me no and I would accept that without question, and with no effect on our loyalties and friendship status. I would understand. They were not going to take the news of what I planned to do well at all either, especially Edanai and Rahab.
“It’s my personal request.” I resigned.
It was quiet.
“Does it matter? If it means that much to you, Cam, I will do it without question. I dare any of them to even try to touch her again.” Rahab stated with vigor.
He was such a noble and valuable friend to have and I couldn’t help but smile at him.
“Again? So none of this is new, how long have you known, Ray? And why was I left out of this elaborate plan?”
Rahab was about to open his mouth to speak but I stopped him.
“I promise I will tell you everything later on tonight, okay?” I told Edanai.
She eyed me with irritation and bit her bottom lip.
“Are you really planning on summoning her?” Edanai then questioned me.
“I never said that I planned on that. Will you do this or not? You don’t have to.” I was getting impatient now. I wasn’t reveal what happened at that hospice or earlier at the college to her right now.
Edanai sighed. “Fine. I will for you but I’m not going to play babysitter past keeping an eye out for anything unusual for any reason, if you know what I mean. I’ll let you know what I see and find out.” She pointed at me. With that, she blew me and Rahab a kiss.
“Thanks, that’s all I ask. If you happen to see or run into anyone of them, even voids, then summon all of us. I mean that.” I told her in all seriousness.
“Yeah, yeah. And if I see that rotten cow, I’m pummeling her hideous ass into putrid ash right then and there.” She threatened as she marched down the metal steps, walking across the lot, and blending into the shadows beside the diner trailer before she ghosted out.
“Finish up, clear out the humans and close up as soon as you can. Both of you can stay with me at the temporary quarters that I set up. The directions are in the kitchen so you can send them to Edanai at any time. I’ll be there to meet with you two later on tonight. Don’t tell her about the dark divine until I’m sure what we’re dealing with. I don’t want to get her mixed up in this and risk her getting hurt.” I said telepathically with a nod towards his kitchen. 
I produced a map on how to get to the large, secluded farmhouse on the outskirts of town via magic, and formed it onto the back of a menu, placing it on the steel counter next to his food prep table.
“Got it.” Rahab said aloud and saluted.
With that, I headed back to my sports car. I was going to head back to the farmhouse so that I could park it and then ghost back into the vicinity of the University for quick surveillance in and around her apartment complex.
I hadn’t made it but a few miles down the highway when I saw a pair of headlights cutting though the misty cold, darkness. It was coming from deep in the forest beyond a lesser traveled part of the highway, and parked a little ways from its location were police lights. It could have been an accident or two lovers stealing away for a moment alone and found by real police officers, so initially I wouldn’t have thought anything else about it… if the shimmering portal hadn’t been there—visible to all spirit beings.
I caught sight of two auras, one of them being super bright and familiar, along with the strong stench of voids and shadows. I immediately shifted into high speed and fishtailed off the road, punching through the guardrail, and skidding across grass and wet dirt to drive the car a little further into the cover of trees, and then coming to an abrupt stop. I jumped out and ghosted into spirit form, speeding stealthily through the trees to get just close enough to see what I was dealing with before jumping in blindly. I didn’t care if she’d see me again this time. I had no choice or time to waste.  
I stayed high above the treetops at first, then dipped into and in between the trees when I saw the dark fallen who had also assumed the form of a police officer. He was heading straight towards Star and her friend. 
All the while, someone was screaming but I didn’t believe it to be Star. It was the sound of a soul struggling to regain control of themselves and their sanity from the being that had taken up residence inside. I knew the sound and difference all too well. 
I had to take care of the more powerful dark fallen first, and since he didn’t see me coming until it was too late, it had been easy. I darted through him, expanding light into him as I did, which instantly incinerated him from the inside out —causing him to explode silently into dark ash and foul mist. His disappearance and destruction took the black magick produced vehicle that he had been linked to with him. I didn’t have time to ensure that Star wouldn’t be able to see anything but at least it would have been a lot easier to pass that action off as lights or some strange anomaly. The disappearance of the police car, well that wasn’t my doing or fault to mask.
The SUV was parked at an odd angle in front of a large, rotting, fallen tree stump, and both driver and passenger doors to the SUV were wide open. Several dark shades were coming in through the portal, and so far, I didn’t recognize any of them individually. I quickly chanted the ancient words that released light from me and directed it towards the portal. It rushed from me like deadly shards of lightning, stretching, wrapping around, and seizing the dark beings before they even knew what hit them.
Elohim had already taken out the initial ones who must have made her bleed, yet again. There were many others shambling to come through, so I wasted no time taking care of those as they attempted.
Their screeches and screams were cut short by my next words, which dissolved and closed the portal entirely, finally cloaking the forest into its natural silent darkness, with the exception of the SUV headlights, once again. The silence lasted for a long moment and there was no other sound, except for the crying of her friend. Even the night creatures and insects had gone mute, and Star’s face was frozen in silent awe and fear.
I quickly scanned the area and perimeter beyond for more shadows and voids. That’s when I heard her start to pray. Her quivering voice sounded more panicked than scared and she was frantically scanning the darkness for some sort of an explanation and comprehension of the light show that she had just witnessed. At the same time, I could sense that she was also trying to maintain and keep from breaking down herself while her friend continued to flail around on the ground in a fit. 
I should have figured that this would be the easiest way for them to achieve their goal. She had known it too.
It was apparent that Star was still not mastering the idea that she had to get control of her fear and not show it, especially in order to help her friend. She couldn’t help that though. She was young and she was human.
I would have to help her this time and there was only one way that I knew how to do it. To chase the other being out — I had to enter and take control of her friend.
I dove down stealthily with the speed of light, moving in closer to where they were.
Her friend was convulsing and sweating and Star was wide eyed, trying to both calm her down along with her own hysteria at the same time. She was kneeling beside her, bravely attempting to mollify her but at the same time remaining extremely cautious. 
I smelled blood. Star’s blood. She was bleeding, and though it wasn’t a lot, it was still strong. I couldn’t tell right away where she was bleeding from though. The fact that she was hurt again so soon, infuriated me, but at the same time I was both humbled and honored to have been allowed to assist Elohim without retribution, by taking out the remaining voids that were still trying to come through. 
Star was unsure of what to do but I think that she was more afraid of the dark and the things that may have been still lingering around them, as well as what they would do now that they were shrouded in near complete darkness. Her attention and focus alternated between her friend and the direction of where the portal had been. 
She couldn’t see it fully but it was apparent that she saw something out of the ordinary where it was before I had closed it.
Now, she was looking in my direction suspiciously with wide, glassy eyes, apparently seeing my signature once again. Damn, she was going to see me entering her friend too, and to her I’d be nothing more than another dark being, which would scare her more than she was already. 
“No.” She barely whispered through a frightened and trembling breath.
Instantly, she jumped backwards, nearly falling over when her arms gave out. She scrambled to her feet and began to back away from her friend nervously. Her eyes feverishly darted from one area of darkness to the other with cautious focus, but she was lost on her next move, weighing her own options and glancing over at the parked SUV.
There could only be one being occupying any space at any one time. So once I deftly infiltrated her friend, I immediately expanded the power and energy of my own being in order to force the other dark being out. It attempted to fight me but I was dominate in more ways than simply being a fallen. 
To my surprise, the being was actually just a shadow and a female one at that. She was young, and though she was feisty and resistant, the bit of light that from I called forth from within myself to infuse into her, made her scream with insanity in pain.
“Nooo! Pleeeaase! I beg of you, don’t hurt me! I don’t want them to hurt or kill me. I can help you…spare me please!” She begged.
Voids and shadows of all likes were excellent actors and liars, so her pleading didn’t faze me at all.
“You have three seconds to flee before I completely consume you with light!” I commanded.
“Pleeasse! I wasn’t trying to hurt her! I tried to help her. They want her too!”
“One…” I began to count.
She hesitated. “He will kill me for failing! I want to help you. Don’t destroy me, please! I have nowhere else to go!” She wept.
“They who?” I demanded.
“Spare me and I will tell you.”
I didn’t have the time or patience for games, and I wasn’t about to let her go.
“Two…”
“No! Toraen!” She squealed.
Toraen? Where had I heard that name before?
“What about Toraen?” I asked.
“Spare me! I’ll tell you all!”
I didn’t believe her for one moment. There was no way I was letting her live.
“Three!” I commanded with authority but I didn’t even get the chance to fully consume her with light before she finally fled from the girl on her own with the speed of an arrow shot, wailing in fear and pain.
I didn’t have time to assess any of Star’s friends’ thoughts or memories yet, so I pushed all of that aside and focused on calming her down quickly first, at the same time continuing to scan the area once again to make sure that the shadow had completely gone.
From what I sensed, she was and there were no longer any others left behind either.
I immediately began to work on steadying her friend’s breathing and attempting to control her thoughts, which were racing with terror, confusion, and mental shock. 
Star was still trembling when I forced her friend to sit up while gathering her senses for her. She watched her curiously with apprehension and caution, ready to jump up and run if she had to.
“What happened?” I made her friend ask as she rubbed the sweat from her face and forehead.
“China?” Star breathed in a hoarse whisper. She sniffed, trying not to cry again.
I tried to think of something clever so that Star would know that she was alright now. I would have to manipulate her memory of what she experienced after this was over too, but I wasn’t sure if I would be able to do the same with Star since she was a chosen.
They had both been drinking alcohol, not a wise choice, which was what made her friend susceptible to being possessed in the first place. Trying to possess Star would have been way too difficult if possible at all for even the most experienced void or dark fallen, let alone a simple shadow for the same reason.
“Oh crap. What did I do?” I made her friend say while looking around in confusion and then eyeing her SUV in shock.
Star still didn’t appear convinced since she saw me enter but not leave.
“I thought you said you weren’t drunk?” Star asked, her voice still laced with fear.
I was looking at her through her friends’ eyes and through her thoughts.
She loved Star, like her own sister, and she worried about her like a mother would a child.
“I’m not. Did we get away? Are you okay?” I made her say.
 “Did we get away?” Star looked at her with both incredulity and relief.
Then she sighed loudly. “I don’t know but we could have been killed, China!” Star was angry now but she was more worried for her friend, I could tell.
 “I know. I’m sorry. I panicked. I don’t know what I was thinking and I was scared. Do you think the cop followed us?” I then made her friend say just so Star would know her friend was back to normal. I even played the part further by nervously looking back the way they had come.
Star’s brows went up in recognition and relief all of a sudden, and tears flowed from her eyes. She wiped them away, quickly moving towards her friend and dropping down to her knees in front of her. I could tell that she wasn’t going to tell her friend what really happened and what she saw for obvious reasons. 
“I think we lost him. Are you sure you’re okay?” Star asked her in apprehension.
Her dark blue eyes were wide when she examined her friend’s face, paying special close attention to her eyes even in the darkness.
“Yeah, I am now. I think. Come on, let’s get the hell out of here before he does show up with backup and we get arrested. I hope I didn’t wreck my Rover.” I made her friend laugh and joke. Star paused for a moment to inspect her friend a little longer, before finally wrapping her arms around and hugging her. She sobbed into her hair.
I instantly felt the emotional warmth of Star’s aura and spirit pour into her friend’s being, and it was powerful. I was speechless. For still being mortal, her raw energy was potent and I found that incredibly, odd.
Nonetheless, it invigorated and instantly bonded my own being closer to hers. It made me want her even more. I wanted this very thing that only could be gotten and given from one human being to another. I made her friend grab onto her tightly in order to take it all in because I both craved and longed for more of this feeling inside of my own being. 
I deeply inhaled the sweet floral scent of Stars’ silky hair, though it was damp and cold from the night air. I was instantly aroused, wanting badly to make love to her as a mortal male would with a female. I yearned to feel more than just the emotions from her spirit and aura —I had to feel her physically and actually be inside of her. The lust was like a fresh wild fire, nearly taking control and threatening to make me give in. I even let loose a bit of it into her by accident.
She reacted instantly, pushing away from her friend as if she were on fire. She panted huffs of warm breath, which came out as puffs of frost in quick succession. She scooted away just a bit. Her beautiful twinkling eyes remaining focused on her friend’s face with wary scrutiny.
The lust was getting incredibly harder to push down this time, and I wished that I hadn’t been in her friend’s body right now, better it be Joel’s body. Then I could feel and siphon all of the pleasure that he would be more prone to experience from her…through him, knowing that he wouldn’t be the only one making love to her. No. I would have been far too jealous because she would be seeing and feeling his body, not mine.
I had to stay in her friend long enough to get them back safely to the University and then manipulate this memory for her friend.
“What’s wrong with you? I said I was sorry. I don’t know what came over me.” I added in for more believability.
“I know. It’s just that…you seem and smell…different for some reason.” She whispered with a wrinkled brow of suspicion.
I made her friend snicker. “No shit. It’s called an adrenaline crash and fear. I seriously don’t know why I did that but at least we’re alive. I’ll take the heat for anything that happens, so don’t worry. Are you sure you’re okay?”
Star paused as her eyes darted around the darkness quickly, and then she did a complete three sixty to watch and listen.
“I’m fine. Let’s just get out of here.” She said as she quickly stood up. 
“What were you looking for? You think the cop took my license plate number?” I made her friend ask and look back towards the freeway, moving her to get to her feet as well.
Star shrugged a shoulder and shook her head no, after a slight hesitation.
“I don’t know but I’ll drive because if we get pulled over again, we will be going to jail. It may take a miracle but at least I’m completely sober now.” Star sniffed as they both dusted the wet leaves, twigs, and grass from their clothes and hair. 
Once on the road and throughout the drive back to their apartment, it was silent. Silence that I maintained on purpose, allowing her friend to pretend to sleep. I was actually working on manipulating her memory of what happened from the time they were first pulled over by that fallen. 
I then reclaimed my own thoughts and stealthily exited her friend’s body but I wasn’t going to leave just yet. I wanted to make sure they arrived safe and that there were no other beings or attempts at kidnapping her again tonight. 
I needed to see where she had been hurt and I hated that I couldn’t heal her. Edanai could but I didn’t want to summon her for this. Perhaps Drakael could offer his services again if he was given permission, even though the thought alone irked me.
After what could have just happened and what I would’ve done with her if I had been in my own flesh form, I hadn’t decided if maybe I needed a few more days before I could be alone with her or not. In the meantime, I had to get this lust out of my system somehow, somewhere, quickly. I suddenly knew exactly where I could do just that.

XIV: Starling

Though I was exhausted, I didn’t sleep much once we made it back home. I didn’t want to let my guard down and I wanted to keep an eye on China. The major pounding in my head and the sour feeling in the pit of my stomach was what woke me up. My back hurt and I felt gross, dirty, and sweaty. I don’t remember falling asleep in my clothes but I supposed that I had more than likely passed out. Guess I’ll be doing laundry this weekend, which would include my comforter.
I rolled over onto my back with a slight wince. The muscles in my back ached. I pulled the thick comforter down from my head and let out an exasperated sigh. Smoothing my curls back away from my face, I stared up at the motionless ceiling fan and the lined pattern of sunlight created through the closed blinds.
A nightmare come to life as reality were the only words I could find to describe the scenario that replayed in my head from last night. The rush and danger, I had to admit was a tad exhilarating but the strange, strong pulse of desire I felt when I hugged China in the woods, had been completely unexpected and embarrassing. 
Though there were many things that I was used to seeing that took place last night, none of which I would ever tell her, I still wasn’t sure if we had been saved by an angel or not.
Something else had entered her body but it wasn’t to hurt her or hurt me. That cop had been a demon. A demon with tattoos like Cam’s— and another officer at that. Coincidence? I wasn’t sure but I did feel that same static in the woods.
The sensations that I felt in the air with Cam, hadn’t been the same as with that demon cop but I did feel some sort of similar static with both of them, nonetheless. The horrid smell was also absent around Cam but it had been strong and offensive around that cop. I didn’t know what to think, or even if making the comparisons even made sense. All I knew was that we had been saved by something but that something hadn’t necessarily been a positive energy. 
I know I was only beyond relieved that China had returned to being — China, and that she was okay. I can’t explain the strong pull of lust I felt coming from her at that exact moment either. I may be a virgin but I know I wasn’t a lesbian or even bi-sexual by any means and neither was China, so it had me confused. Maybe it was because the aversion of possibly dying and God knows what other horrific thing, all pounding down on us at once, had been abated at the last minute.
But that hadn’t been the strangest part.
She smelled different to me all of a sudden. For a moment, it wasn’t her familiar scent of Prada Candy that she had spritzed on last night. It was a scent that was still familiar to me though. A wash of fresh cool rain and an earthy cinnamon had hit my nose, promptly reminding me of Cam. In fact, he had been the first thing to come to my mind when I inhaled.
I didn’t know what to even make of that bizarre comparison, let alone trying to reason or convince myself of anything logical in regard to the why about it either.

Then another weird feeling began to settle over me, like the realization that I could actually sense the worst was yet to happen. I didn’t know how or when but I felt like it would be really, really soon. After all I had been through in my life, the worst for me would be my own death, and that was exactly what I felt was looming just as close as my next breath. If I had to continue to see and deal with the physical harm these shadows and demons were beginning to inflict on me, or being helpless while they tortured my friends because of me any longer, then I think I would both prefer and welcome death to save them from harm.
There was still so much I wanted to do in my life though, so it was then that I decided that I was going to write out another living will. In it, I will specify donating my money to homeless shelters, food banks, and orphanages around town. The rest, I had long ago written out and had notarized to specifically divide between Joel and China — neither one of them knew anything about it though. I would also devise and begin work on a personal bucket list. Maybe then I wouldn’t be so afraid of these demons and ultimately my death. Or maybe I was simply being a coward and taking the easy way out because I didn’t want to be here when the end of the world came. It was too horrific to face.

The one thing that I did realize last night was that maybe Drake was right, that there were guardian angels around us all the time. Then again, Ms Hawthorne had told me that I also had a dark one following me too, and maybe that was why China felt and smelled weird to me for a moment thereafter. The shadow that had taken over China and the demon that had been that cop all — left their negative energies behind. That demon cop had the same type of tattoos as Cam did on the same part of his hands. That alone struck me as vividly, uncanny more than any other part of last night did. It was a detail that I would never forget. 
I gasped and sat up with a sudden realization that to anyone else, would have seemed out of this world and crazy, but to me it had to be the only explanation. The feather in my room — was it an Angel feather? A symbol to let me know that my guardian angel was out there and looking out for me? But Angels were spirits, not physical and real to the touch like the feather was, were they? Well, I supposed that they could manifest into flesh just like Demons could. 
I knew that was true firsthand.
Oh my God. I had an actual Angel feather in my possession!
I suddenly wanted to hold it between my fingers once again. I flung the covers off of me, nearly staggering and falling down, and gasping at the throbbing pain of the hangover headache that seized me, nearly bringing me to my knees. I cradled my head and paused to lean against my dresser for support. Bile and sake, along with undigested sushi, began to snake its way up my esophagus with a burning vengeance.
I hiccupped, cupping a hand over my mouth and raced to the door. Yanking it open, I made a dash for the bathroom, where I nearly collided with China who squealed and jumped out of my way.
The bathroom was humid and foggy. She had just finished her shower apparently, but I didn’t care about or notice anything else. I barely made it in time to lift the toilet lid and spew chunks of last night’s happy hour tray in gags and bursts of involuntary stomach spasms that kept pumping the disgusting looking stuff out of me. The more I puked though, the better I began to feel.
“Oh eww. Here, you’re gonna get it in your hair,” China said as she quickly, though reluctantly, knelt down beside me to hold my hair away from my face.
“I got mine over with this morning already.” She quipped.

I finally stopped, feeling as if my entire stomach had turned inside out but with much relief. I spit out the rest and reached to flush.
“Better?” China asked.
I heard her running the sink faucet. So far, she sounded like and was behaving like China again.
I nodded weakly, closing the lid and sitting back against the side of the tub, drawing my knees up to my chest with eyes closed and resting my head on them.
China handed me the cool washcloth and then leaned back against the opposite wall with her arms folded across her middle. Her hair was still damp and she was in her robe. I wiped my mouth and held the washcloth over my head first, and then on the back of my neck.
“I don’t know much of what happened last night but it looks like we both made it home alive,” She began, “I guess we couldn’t hang and I don’t know what the hell I did or how I got this bump on my head. You obviously didn’t even bother to change or shower either, I see. Damn, we must have fallen and rolled around on someone’s lawn or outside here at the apartment.” China joked rubbing the lump on her forehead tenderly.
My eyes widened guiltily when I looked at her and caught sight of the small reddish cut on the skin beneath her hairline. It had already begun to heal over but it left a small, rounded, lightly bruised lump. It was a reminder that last night did happen.
 I fingered the fourteen carat gold ring that held mine, my mother’s, and my father’s birthstones around my fourth finger. My grandmother had gotten it for me on my birthday a year before she passed away. I glimpsed down at it for a second, seeing a small spot of dark brown dried blood that had been China’s, still crusted on one of the stones. I cringed inside, making a mental note to let it soak in my jewelry cleaner jar as soon as possible.
I looked down at myself. China was right. I hadn’t made an attempt to get out of my filthy clothes yet and the disgusting feeling was beginning to bother me now.
“Does it hurt?” I asked.
“Nah, not really but I hope the swelling goes down before tonight though. I guess a little ice may do the trick. I don’t remember busting my ass but thank God it’s my only injury. Wanna get some coffee and a big fat greasy burger downtown?” She suggested.
I moaned despicably at the sound of food, though I smirked when I looked up at her and admired the pretty familiar face that I’d known for the last two years. I’ve never been so glad to see the glimmer of light in her vibrant green eyes. Though I hadn’t planned on telling her any of what really happened last night, I realized that I didn’t have to. She didn’t remember anything but I guess that wasn’t her fault. She didn’t remember anything, much like Professor Phillips hadn’t. 
China didn’t bust her ass. I had punched her in the forehead. I sighed, stopping myself from reliving the events of last night in my own head when my pulse began to quicken and goose bumps began to form on my arms from the though alone. Last night had given me the most sickening feeling that I’ve ever had since the episode in Professor Phillips office, and even Hurricane Katrina. By the grace of God she was my best friend again and she was okay. I was grateful for that much.
“I can’t, gotta get to the Y.” I then told her.
“In your condition? Uh, I think you should call in sick.”
I shook my head no. “I’ll be fine.”
“You are a trooper, Star. Well, the shower is all yours then. I guess I’ll just make us some coffee with some greasy BLT’s here and take in some study time. How long are you gonna be at the Y?” 
I grunted as I braced myself against the side of the tub and reached over to turn on the hot water and run the shower.
“Same time as always, why?”
“Well, I want you to come with me. CYU is one of the radio stations that’s hosting a live pre show event down in college town. They’re giving away free prizes, tickets, and backstage passes for the concert tonight. I’m trying to score an interview with one of the bands because I’ve got to cover it for an assignment anyway, so I’ll be recording and taking notes, too.” She grinned excitedly. 
I really had no interest in going myself but if China wanted me there, I’d go for her.
I frowned. “What time is it now?”
China stepped out to peer at the clock in the living room for a moment and then she turned to face me.
“Eight ten.” She said.
Good, I still had some time. I didn’t have to be at the YMCA until nine and it wasn’t far.
“I can meet you there but I won’t be out until three.”
Her shoulders sagged. “Three? Well, I guess. It’s going on up until five because they’re gonna be there for the concert but it’s gonna be really crowded by then. I guess that’ll work but text me when you get there so I can find you. What time is your date?” She then asked.
It took me a moment to even comprehend what she was asking when she said date. I couldn’t believe that I almost forgot, even though he had crossed my mind just this morning.
I guess I could always cancel the date.
No. I wanted to be with him especially after last night. 
“Oh…yeah, I think he’s picking me up at seven, so I’ll need to be back here by five to get ready.”
“Are you sure? I don’t want to rush you.”
“I can swing that, no worries.”
“Sweet! I can’t wait to meet him now —I mean, I’m sure I won’t miss him if he’s as tall, dark, and gorgeous as you said he is. I still can’t believe you’re gonna be dating a cop. Are you sure you two won’t be coming to the concert, even for a little while?” She said excitedly with a wide grin and then asked.
I wondered how of all things that happened last night, she could only remember that.
“No. He’s not into rock music.”
“Oh, well that sucks we could have all made a double date night of it.” China pouted.
“Maybe another night.”
I moved to the sink to rinse out my mouth and brush my teeth.
“What the...wait, be still.” China said as she began to examine my back.
“What?” I asked, craning my neck around to try and see what she was looking at.
“I thought that was mud and dirt at first. Is that dried blood? Are you bleeding?” China sounded panicked as she began to lift my soiled shirt up.
I flinched and winced, feeling my shirt come away from my skin like sticky tape.
“Oh my God!” She gasped with a hand over her mouth and a look of horror on her face.
“What?” I exclaimed, starting to panic now myself. I lifted my shirt higher and turned my back to face the mirror.
I paled.
There were three parallel, long, vicious, reddish brown welts slashed across my back with several smaller, three fingered scratches randomly marking my skin in between those lines.  Though it wasn’t profusely bleeding now, it had been bleeding and the lines of dark crimson had already dried and stuck to my shirt. 
“Wh…what is that? What happened?” Tears began to form in her eyes.
“I don’t know. I guess I fell or something, too.” I whispered even though my heart was thundering in my chest. I already knew exactly what it really was and what had happened. That was why my back was sore this morning, and felt as if it had been on fire last night. All of those shadows had been trying to grab at me.
 “Fell on what? A barbed wire fence? Damn, what the hell did we get into last night?” She said breathlessly with worry etched on her face.
“Obviously up to no good.” I laughed and tried to make light of the moment.
“It looks bad. Does it hurt or burn?” She asked, gently touching the area around it and accidently grazing an open scratch. I gasped and jerked away.
China immediately went for the peroxide and bandages under the sink
“Let me shower first.” I told her.
“Are you sure? It’ll sting and it may even be infected.” She said, continuing to examine the marks.
“I’m a big girl.” I smirked, quickly sliding my shirt back down.
“You should go see the nurse for a tetanus shot anyway, just to be on the safe side.” China urged.
“I will when I get a chance.” I waved off.
She sighed at my nonchalant attitude towards her advice. “Okay, well I’m gonna treat them when you get out in the meantime. I’ll get started on the BLT’s.” She said with brows still furrowed, trying to figure out the source of my wounds.

I closed the door once China retreated to the kitchen, and when I heard the comforting sounds of her rumbling around the cabinets for a frying pan, I felt relief. After all that’s happened so far, and now this new mark of another assault, I was becoming more afraid. I felt as if I were losing my grip on both my sanity and reality. No one could save me. How could they when they couldn’t see or hear what I was fighting against? To them, I would be crazy, literally.
These demons weren’t playing around anymore. The marks they were leaving, and the level of assaults were escalating. Had I done something so heinous in my life that these demons were trying to drag me to hell with them? I didn’t know if there was any use or point in fighting back anymore if that was the case. They were going to eventually win.
 I bit my lip, and to my own surprise…I began to cry. 
I didn’t like crying. I’m not the weepy type, so it wasn’t like me to cry so easily like this. It came on all of a sudden, as if the dam had burst and I could no longer contain it. I had been crying a lot lately. I haven’t really had a good cry since…my grandmother died and seeing the note Ms Hawthorne left me in the book.
Have I really not cried in three years? Over anything?
No. I hadn’t. 
I thought of the feather again. My guardian angel feather. 
Maybe I need to make sure that I had it with me at all times. It couldn’t hurt. I drew in a deep breath to suck up my tears with a new determination.
I shucked my dirty clothes and stepped into the steaming water, not making a sound as the spray beat against the scratches, and sending shockwaves of stinging pain across my entire back and shoulders. 
I said a silent prayer, not to help me, just to help me understand what I’m up against and what I needed to do now in order to keep my friends from harm, if I was even capable.

Cleaned, renewed and refreshed, though still in silent shock, I let China treat my wounds while I downed the BLT and coffee she prepared. The burning didn’t seem so bad after my shower. I managed to ignore the nagging, cold sting against my skin with each touch of the cotton ball and peroxide.
I had my journal out in front of me, already in the process of making my bucket list, starting with number one. I wanted to lose my virginity of course, but I didn’t want to just give it away, regardless of the circumstances. 
I thought of Joel.
That experience might put our friendship on a different level, if not mess it up entirely. I didn’t want to do that in any way but he was the only one that I cared about in that sense.
For number two, I put road trip across all fifty states, staying one night in the capital city of each of those states. Third, I wanted to head back to Jamaica and look up any relatives that my parents and I may have lost contact with on my mother and grandmother’s side, more so to let them know that I was ok and I was the only one left for now—if they even cared. Many of them only spoke French or Spanish anyway, so communication might be an issue, even if I ever did manage to find and see them. Anyway, then I’d go down to the unemployment line and just hand out money to each and every person standing in line to find work, for just one day. 
I had to put down both para-sailing and line-zipping, I’ve always wanted to do those things.
“This is crazy Star. God, I hope this won’t leave scars because you have like totally flawless skin. I’m not gonna bandage them yet. They need to breathe. Go to the nurse and get a tetanus shot soon though, seriously.” She urged as she capped the bottle of peroxide.
I appreciated her compliment and was beyond relieved when she finally finished.  I pulled down the loose t-shirt that I would be wearing today over the leotard instead of just the leotard with shorts, like I usually did.
“I’ll be fine. I’ve had stranger boo-boos.” I joked but that was actually true.
“Still, they could get infected and we have no idea how or what scratched you.” She fussed.
I sighed with a shiver.
“What’s that?” She then asked with a nod towards my journal, after more than likely reading number one already.
“I’m just writing a bucket list.”
She quirked a brow and laughed. “A bucket list? I second number one there…that’s like three years overdue for you, but ah —where did this whole idea come about anyway?” She asked with a quick glimpse over my shoulder. Then she moved to the sink to wash her hands.
“Everyone should have one since we’re not all promised tomorrow. I don’t know what happens after death but I don’t wanna have any regrets.” I told her.
She nodded. “Sure, I guess so but…” She chewed her lip and studied me for a moment while steadily drying her hands with a paper towel.
“What?”
She paused and her expression went from confusion to sadness, as if she were trying to figure out what she wanted to say.
“You know how…you know how you always see things like shadows and stuff like that?” She asked, looking at me with a serious inquisitiveness.
I stiffened and my heart began to pound.
I could only nod, wondering if China had indeed either seen something too, or remembered something from last night after all.
“Have you ever seen an angel?” She finally asked.
I had to admit, she was creeping me out for some reason but not in a bad way. I swallowed, waiting for her to go on and wondering where she was going with this, not because we hadn’t had this conversation before though.
I shrugged a shoulder and shook my head, looking down at my shoes. “No. Not that I know of anyway. Why?”
She licked her lips and looked as if she were trying to search for the words. “How do you know you haven’t?”
I didn’t know what to say or how to answer that.
“I guess I don’t really know.”
She inhaled and it was silent for a few minutes. Her sudden shift in topic and the expression on her face had me a little concerned. She seemed strange to me all of a sudden, and though I had an idea of why that may have been the case, I still couldn’t help but wonder where this was really coming from. I looked at her suspiciously, which was becoming automatic for me now with everyone in my paranoid state.
“Did you know that sometimes —when I look at you, it’s like you’re glowing? It’s like you have this super bright halo of light around you. I don’t know if you ever noticed it. It’s in some of the pictures I have of you, and the ones on my cell phone too.” She then began.
She had my attention and I wasn’t sure why suddenly every muscle in my body seemed to grow chill and tense, hearing this from my best friend.
She’s never mentioned any of this to me before. Hell, I hadn’t really noticed or paid much attention myself either, and what was she doing going through all the pictures she had of me or us all of a sudden anyway? 
Maybe being possessed and being delivered from it had given her some sort of second sight, I wondered. Had she seen an angel? If so, I was jealous.
“Where is this coming from?” I asked nonchalantly.
She slowly shook her head.
“I don’t know. It’s weird. I feel like it was a dream but I have this burnt image of you in my mind, of being on fire. But it’s not like regular fire, it’s white and there’s these shadow things surrounding you, trying to touch and grab you but they can’t because each time they did, the fire would burn them and they’d curse and scream in frustration.” She tried to explain.
I felt faint. My heart beating hard and slow. It was almost as if she had been watching me in the dream I had the other night from afar. I was confounded to understand why all of a sudden she was talking about this, when and how she had seen or began to notice any of this.
What had really happened to her last night? Was it more than just being possessed?
I then giggled to lighten the mood on purpose. “Whatever we drank last night — never again.” I gestured with my hands out.
She smiled weakly but her eyes revealed that she was telling me this with conviction, and it was something that had apparently been at the forefront of her mind.
“Yeah, maybe so.” She laughed a bit but I could tell it wasn’t genuine.
In the next moment of silence, I wasn’t sure what to think say or do.
“You know what I think though?” China then said moving closer to me and leaning against the bar counter with a sad smile.
“What?” I asked softly.
She inhaled slowly and looked up at the ceiling, as if thinking about her words. “I think that the reason you see these shadows is because of your aura. It attracts them to you, they see you so you see them, but they can’t touch you for the same reason. People tend to gravitate towards you automatically and I’ve always felt safe with you around me, if that sounds weird.”
I was speechless. Aside from this just not sounding like China, what could I even say or comment?
I studied her with more empathy and concern this time. Why did China seem so sad? I don’t know if it was for me or as a result of what happened to her last night.
I nodded and smiled. “No, it’s not weird. I’m flattered actually. I’d better go though or I’m gonna be late. I’ll call you when I’m on my way back.” I told her, putting the journal in my duffel bag and grabbing my purse.
I hoped that to her, I didn’t seem rude but I just couldn’t do this. It wasn’t just thinking about what happened when we hugged, I felt as if I were going to cry again and I didn’t want to do it in front of her, not now anyway.
I quickly slid off the barstool and hitched the duffel bag over my shoulder, searching for my purse for my keys.
“Okay, be careful. I love you Star.” She called out as I headed towards the door with my car keys jingling in my hand.
With my hand on the doorknob I stopped and then turned to face her, feeling somewhat sorrowful inside myself. She came across as so vulnerable to me right now, almost looking as if she was going to cry. I didn’t know what to do for her and I wished I did. This whole conversation had been awkward, and saying; ‘I love you’ to each other to top it off was eerie too, not that we never had before as best friends would feel about each other.
“I love you too China.” I smiled and then I left.
I brought the feather with me, tucking it securely in my journal where it stuck out like a bookmark, since it was nearly the size of my forearm from wrist to the crook of my elbow. 
As I drove away from the apartment parking lot and left the vicinity of the University, I thought of China and what she had said about me. Suddenly, I felt as if I were already gone for some bizarre reason. Gone as if not of this world anymore, like my entire existence would soon become nothing more than a light winked out of this life, and I was no longer connected to anything or anyone. It was a different kind of disconnection than what I had felt after learning of my parents’ disappearance and assumed deaths, even after the death of my grandmother.
Strange enough it was a fleeting feeling. It passed once I hit traffic but the lament of it all still weighed heavily on my heart and lingered in the back of my mind.
I was already half way to the Y, and could have kicked myself for not having checked my messages on my cell phone earlier. Phillip, one of the coaches working the weekend shifts, had left a message early this morning. Apparently, they were closing the YMCA early today at ten to repair some emergency electrical wiring issues in the gym, so I didn’t have to come in today but I would still get paid.
I thought of going over to the church again but with sweat pants and a t-shirt, I didn’t feel comfortable, just in case some kind of service may have been going on right now.
I wished I could see and talk to Drake. 
I drove through a Starbucks drive-thru, getting a vanilla Chai and not really wanting to head back to the apartment yet. I sipped it, savoring the creamy warmth and sweet spicy flavor. I soon found myself parking in the already crowded parking lot at the B-line Trail. Though it was sunny, it was still cold. I didn’t care though, I could use the long walk alone. I was certainly dressed for it and I had an extra hoodie in the trunk. 
The fact that there were many other people out here right now, made me feel better about being alone anyway. Besides, I had a cell phone and pepper spray on my keychain, so I was set, I hope.
Joel sent a text saying he was just checking on me to see if all had gone well.
I texted, ‘hung over but happy’ and a smiley face back.
That was a total lie, more like beaten and terrified. Then I thought of him and number one on my bucket list again.
If I got a hotel room and asked him to meet me there…would he? I’m sure he’d get it but what would he even think of me past freaking out if I had propositioned him?
What if he was already seeing someone?
No, I didn’t want him to see my back let alone have to explain the scratches.
I sighed and pushed that thought away as I got out of my Honda with my coffee, locking my purse in the trunk, and then beginning my solitary walk. It was more so that I could do some serious heavy thinking and self-reflection about things that I didn’t want to even contemplate, but I had to —I needed to. For one, in addition to everything else, I wanted to figure out the whole matching tattoos that Cam had in common with that demon but I guess I won’t know the answer to that until tonight.
I stopped in mid stride before I even hit the dirt packed walking trail, paper coffee cup still to my lips and blowing away the steam before taking a sip. It was as if someone had pulled the veil from a large photograph away and there were jumbled pieces behind it, like that of a puzzle. I knew the pieces went together but it was a matter of matching up each side to form the larger picture.
Aside from being an incredibly gorgeous and beautiful guy, I remembered Cam’s sudden appearance at the hospice during the violent incident with the shadow demons. His eyes, even if it had been for a brief nanosecond, had been glowing. I remember that detail distinctly. The electricity in the air around him was the exact same sensation that I felt in Professor Phillips office.
I noted the similarities of that right away and that had been before we even met. He seemed awfully interested in what had happened to me that night, too. He kept pressing for my side of the story and believing me as if he already knew what I was going to tell him or something. Not to mention that he didn’t show an ounce of surprise when I finally told him everything, and he was so knowledgeable about angels and demons. Then again, so was mysterious Drake. He didn’t have any tattoos on his forearms. In fact, the feather appearing in my room mysteriously, didn’t show until after I met Cam, but it was there before I met Drake.
Each time that I felt that static heat and electric sensation in the air, and the night Cam had shown up out of nowhere…I had been saved. The shadows had been eradicated or took off. Could Cam be—an Angel? Did he leave one of his feathers for me as a sign that he was watching out for me? 
I remembered the strong sexual pull I felt with him at the diner, and not that I’m an expert on hanging out with angels, but I don’t think that wanting badly to do one was normal or appropriate. Physically, I shouldn’t have been feeling that way at all. I mean, Drake was equally as gorgeous too, but I didn’t feel like screwing him in the least. I instantly blushed. Thinking of angels, demons, and sex in the same context was making me feel dirty and ashamed.
But looking at and adding up everything else; Cam had to be something supernatural and I wanted to believe he that he was my guardian angel, but I needed some kind of proof or validation that I could justify myself with my own eyes.
I also remembered that despite claiming to not know each other, it seemed like he and Drake did, and it was apparent that they didn’t like each other either. That fact had me wondering about Drake now.
He shows up mysteriously in the church without a sound; his skin has some sort of visible faint glow beneath that I could definitely see; he was kind, gentle, and wise and to top it off…my injuries had been healed miraculously when he touched me. But whether it was because I was in the church or in his presence, I couldn’t be sure.
He too, spoke like a priest or like he had a lot of knowledge about faith, demons, and angels, and of course his resemblance to Antonio Sabato Jr was something that I was beginning to think was more my own opinion or something.
No one else seemed to share that thought, not even in the diner. If he was a demon, there was no way he would have been able to show up in a church…would he? Then again, he hadn’t been the one showing up at the right moment to basically save me either— Cam had. The only thing that didn’t make sense to me, out of everything that pointed towards Cam being an angel, was why he would have tattoos like that demon cop.
Ms Hawthorne said that a dark one was following me, and I believe her now. What she had written in the book that she gave me affirmed that she knew exactly what she was talking about. She was indeed gifted. But she didn’t say it in a forewarning tone, which had me wondering if it had been a warning to protect myself or just an FYI. I wished I could sit and talk to her again. I felt sadness in my heart thinking about her and then thinking about the conversation between me and China not long ago.
My head spun dizzily, my thoughts racing a mile a minute. My heart began to thump erratically as if I had just consumed ten cups of straight caffeine. I struggled to sort through these revelations and make the puzzle pieces of the giant photograph fit together to make some logical, realistic sense. What kind of possible connection could Cam, Drake, and that demon could have to each other?
I took another long sip of my hot, vanilla chai, and started in the opposite direction of the flow of walkers, joggers, and their dogs. I was bent on just more or less walking than taking in any scenery, even though the small lake, plants, and trees were breath-taking.
This was mid-October and it was already getting colder with each passing day. There were already numerous postings across the city for Halloween and pumpkin carving contests, places to get costumes, and haunted houses and trails that businesses and the city were either sponsoring or setting up. 
Halloween. A perfect time for the shadows to come out to play and blend in well, I thought to myself.
I heard the steady panting of a jogger, along with the steady crunching of gravel coming up behind me, so I casually moved out of the way to the outer edge of the walking trail. I would have figured that the jogger could have passed me up by now since I was walking, but they hadn’t so far. I turned to glance behind me and stopped cold.
There was no one behind me at all and the movement of footsteps crunching and scraping against gravel and dirt, instantly stopped.
Initially, I was rooted to the ground as my eyes frantically searched the area around me, and then…something brushed past my hair, whispering something in my ear that I couldn’t understand. It left a foul stench behind that nearly made me gag. 
I slapped at the invisible source out of reflex to shoo it away and then began to backup while keeping a sharp eye out for some sort of movement, shadow, or outline of something. I spun around towards the source of the whisper but saw nothing, not even another person.
Though my heart was racing, almost too fast, I continued on walking backwards, keeping my eyes open and hating to turn my back again to a now creepy, empty trail behind me. I waited for a moment before turning on my heel and picking up the pace with some serious speed walking. I rounded the corner of a stand of narrow trees and bushes, and once I passed the foliage, I caught sight of a man sitting alone on one of the benches in a picnic area that faced the lake.
He was wearing a dark trench coat. His hair was dark and though he wore sunglasses — he seemed familiar to me right away. He hadn’t taken notice of me yet but I was so glad to see another person right now, I could care less who he was. 
All of a sudden, a group of three female joggers also appeared out of nowhere, all coming towards me from the opposite direction. I veered off the trail and hesitated before heading towards the group of benches and the man. The closer I got to him, even though he still didn’t seem to hear or notice me, the more I began to recognize him.
I was drawn to him and I felt the sudden urge to cry again. Though a bit apprehensive, I couldn’t help but smile big as I quickly approached him in relief.
“Drake?” I asked unsurely for the sake of mistaking the wrong guy. When he turned to face me, he instantly flashed a dazzling smile.
“Star?” He answered almost expectantly in a welcoming and comforting tone that made me feel like I could fall into his arms and just cry for hours.
What were the odds that I would see him here just as I was thinking about him earlier? I mean, it was almost as if he already knew I was here and he was expecting me, as strange as that was to think.
He stood up to greet me and we shook hands.
“Fancy meeting you here. How are you?”
“Just getting some exercise and meditation in.” I lied.
“We think alike, I like that. Have a seat.” He offered and I sat down on the cold, wooden bench.
He hiked up his slacks and sat back down beside me, leaning back, crossing his legs, and resting his arm along the top of the bench behind me.
I concentrated and took note of the air around us trying to pick up on something, anything that I could compare to what I felt around Cam.
So far, nothing.
“How is everything going for you?” he asked with his entire attention focused on me.
I inhaled deeply and then exhaled slowly.
“That well, huh?” he joked and it actually made me laugh.
“There’s the sweet melody of your laughter that I like to hear.” He smiled.
I blushed and licked my cold lips, wishing I had put on some chap stick.
Inadvertently, I glanced back down the path that I had just emerged from, thinking about what I had just experienced in broad daylight and out in public — and of course, no one else saw or heard anything yet again.
“I wish I’d known I’d see you, I would’ve gotten coffee for you too.” I raised my still steaming vanilla chai, though it was now only half full.
He smiled at the gesture.
“I’m glad I did run into you though. There’s something about you that I feel safe and connected to.” I confessed to him.
“Safe? Is everything alright?” He asked with genuine concern.
I shook my head and swallowed, setting my cup down beside me.
“I don’t think it’ll ever be alright but if I can deal with it better, it’ll help. I’m trying to but it’s been getting a lot harder.” I began.
He took in what I said with deep thought and nodded. I took that same moment to really study and look at him closely too. The faint luminescence under his skin was still there and I wasn’t sure what to make of it. 
Despite the fact that he wore sunglasses, which I hated because I couldn’t see his eyes right now, I tried to examine every other aspect of him. His face, his skin, his hair, the shape of his body, even in the trench coat but I really had no idea what I was looking for— wings I guess. Of course, there were none that I could visibly see.
His brows furrowed whimsically at my obvious perplexed expression.
“Is something wrong? Do I have something on my face?” He asked politely, while reaching a hand to his cheek at the same time.
I sighed and shook my head, blushing like an idiot. “No, you don’t. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to stare at you like that.” I smiled and turned to look out across the pond.
“Ah, well thank goodness then. Come on, take a walk with me. I want to tell you a story.” He said, standing up and reaching out a gentlemanly hand to me with a smile.
I didn’t hesitate to take it and let him ease me up but not before I grabbed my coffee cup. We headed for the trail and continued on in the direction that I had been going in the first place. Again, there was a refreshing tingle coursing through me when our hands touched and I immediately felt calmed.
I glimpsed up at his face in my periphery from time to time in wonder as we walked together side by side.
“Drake, can I ask you something?”
“Of course.” He replied.
“You said you were a teacher. What do you teach, if you don’t mind my asking?”
He paused. “Theology.” He answered simply.
I nodded, figuring that he’d say that naturally.
“Where?” I then asked, looking up at him.
“I travel. I’m self-employed so I simply go where I’m needed or requested. Why do you ask?” He smiled.
I felt silly interrogating him like this. “I was just curious.”
He nodded.
We continued to stroll together and all the while, there was no repeat of the incident from earlier back there. No foul stench, no whispers and no invisible joggers. It was like I was protected by the simple virtue of being with Drake — unless it had been him playing games with me back there, which could be probable as well. I remained wary on the inside, making sure not to show it on the outside.
“Are you sure you’re alright?” Drake asked.
He casually placed a gentle hand against my back in a comforting gesture and I jumped a bit with a soft gasp. There was that cool feeling again. I literally felt a brief shiver begin to spread across my back like a relieving ointment. My eyes instantly went to his face, hoping to see something as supernatural as his touch.
He was looking down at me now, though it was hard to tell how he was looking at me through the sunglasses. I assumed it was with peculiarity.
“I’m okay. Just nerves I guess. I had a lot going on this week in addition to everything else. Term papers and finals are in full swing now too, and I haven’t even cracked a book yet.” 
I hated to lie, which was ironic considering that he didn’t seem to believe what I was saying but he smiled anyway. 
“I can completely understand that but don’t let it all consume and drive you crazy.”
I laughed. “Easier said than done and it may be too late, but I’ll try. Um, you said you wanted to tell me a story?” I reminded him with a raised brow.
We began walking again. The cool sensation on my back had dissipated to a light tingle and then was gone. The dull burn of the scratches also ceased. 
—I wasn’t in the church this time. I swallowed at the thought, all the while looking down at my feet.
“Yes, I did. It’s a story that came to mind actually upon seeing you today. It’s sort of a fable but it is somewhat of a true story with maybe a few embellishments. It was passed down to me and I share it quite often when the opportunity deems it necessary.” He said.
“Necessary?” I asked inquisitively.
He smiled. “Essential may be a better term. None of us are above needing something positive and guidance once in a while.” He clarified.
“That’s true.” I nodded in total understanding.
He continued. “This story is actually about four young girls and a very notorious bachelor. The girls were of marrying age and had been well-groomed to be selected by an equally well-groomed and educated man for courtship, and eventually marriage. Well, it just so happens that a new, mysterious, handsome, and strong suitor seeking a bride comes into the small town where the first girl lived one day, arriving on a majestic steed decked out in gold and gems, which made the first girl fall head over heels from the start. 
He wooed her with his looks, his riches, and promised them to her if she would promise him one thing in return. Her soul. Without question or hesitation she promised her soul to him and he kept his word. He gave her all the fine jewels that she could ever want or ask for and she became the envy of the town, as well as with all of her family and friends, which is what she wanted. She was happy for a while until one night, her home caught fire and every valuable thing she owned, including the jewels, were destroyed. This handsome suitor requested to collect what she had promised him but she refused, telling him that her belongings and her jewels had been destroyed in a fire, and that she no longer even had a home. She asked him for more, so she could sell them to buy another home but he laughed and told her that the deal was that he would give her all the jewels she had asked for… but he never promised that she would be able to keep them. In her despair, she committed suicide and it was then that he took her soul.” Drake paused.
“Ah, so this suitor guy must have been the devil himself.” I smirked. 
He shrugged a shoulder with a sly grin. “It’s speculation.” 
He went on, “Acquiring her soul made him more powerful, more handsome, and more irresistible. So he moved on to the second girl in the next town, arriving with flowing hair, muscles rippling, and the physique of a perfectly chiseled stone statue.   Again, he worked his charm and romanced her with skills that no other suitor in her lifetime had ever been able to do and make her feel. Having this handsome young man on her arm made other women jealous and she became the envy of all her friends.
Her courtship with him encouraged other young men to vie for her attention as well, which she thrived on. Of course, you guessed it — the price for this new found popularity, was her soul. It didn’t take her long to agree to that. Then, one evening at a party, she was attacked and sexually assaulted by a group of men who didn’t appreciate her turning them down. When the suitor returned for her soul, she refused him, stating that he broke her heart and hadn’t been there to protect her when she was attacked. He told her that he never promised his heart or his loyalty in protecting her, and as she lay dying from her injuries, he took her soul. The third young woman was not easily swayed by material or glamorous things. Her fancy lie in authority and power, and that was exactly what this suitor picked up on and promised her. He made her mayor of her small town, and even courted her once she continued to rise in power but her greed got in the way and she began to make enemies who later turned on her. In an uprising, they stormed her home and kidnapped her, taking her into the woods in the wee hours of the night where they assassinated her. As she lay dying the suitor came and she cursed him for not being there to vouch for her when the village townspeople accused her of stealing tax money. He simply laughed and told her he only promised her power, power that she did have for a while. But with power comes responsibility, of which she grew careless, and with that he took her soul as it left her body. 
Upon arriving in the fourth town, he was taken off guard by the most beautiful girl he had ever laid eyes on, and in turn he found himself love struck with her. He knew that without a doubt, he had to have her soul. So, he began with promises of jewels and riches, which this girl refused.
He would not give up easily. Next, he promised her passion but still she did not give in to him. Then, he offered her power, the power to rule over men and other Kingdoms with him and still she refused. Well, this angered him as well as delivering a blow to his ego because after all, he was the strongest and most handsome suitor in the world. No woman had ever refused him before, and he knew that everyone had a price. As a last resort, he promised her infinite youth and beauty as well as riches, passion, and power. Still, she refused him.
That was when his wooing turned into wrath, and he resorted to using fear, anger, and hate to scare her into changing her mind. He beat her viciously, tortured her physically and mentally, as well as those she loved, all in the attempts to break her spirit so that she would submit to him. He even went as so far as to making her physically ill. Everything he could do short of killing her, he did, and she still did not give in. Enraged, he vowed to claim her soul one day because he hated that she held his heart in her power, yet she refused to offer him hers, even if it took him a thousand years,” Drake paused.
I was enthralled with this story and I wondered why he stopped.
“Why didn’t he just kill her or take her soul?” I asked.
He looked at me and smirked, holding a finger up to signify that he wasn’t finished yet.
I shut up and continued to listen with wide eyes.
“Because he couldn’t. As powerful and as handsome as he was, he had no power or right to simply claim a soul. One’s soul has to be willingly given or forfeited.”
Okay, that was freaky — Cam told me the same exact thing at the Purple Tomato the other day.
“So, he did all those painful and horrific things to her, to make her surrender to him basically.” I surmised, getting the gist of what sounded like a biblical story to me.
“Exactly.” Drake smiled with a nod.
“Did she ever give in?” I asked as we both stopped walking and faced each other.
I looked up at him and Drake stared down at me for a long time, as if he were studying me this time, and I wondered what he was thinking. I wanted to see his pretty eyes but only saw myself in the reflection of his sunglasses.
“Her dilemma is still ongoing, as is with all of us in some form or another. But you know something? I personally don’t think that she will. I think she’s way stronger than even she realizes. What do you think?” He asked.
I wrinkled my brows, looking at him peculiarly and shrugged a shoulder. “I don’t know. I mean if she hasn’t after all of that, I don’t think she will either but…” I began an then we started walking again.
“But what?” Drake asked softly.
“It seems like he’d just move onto the next girl then, I would think. I mean there are plenty out there.”
“True. But his ego, pride, and power is built upon the conquest of each individual soul. The more complicated and harder that he had to work, meant the more powerful the soul, and he thrived on challenges. Not only was he captivated by her spirit and beauty, but he absolutely wanted her for her will and defiance. All the time he spent beating her, torturing her, trying to figure her out, waiting to see if any of his tactics would finally make her give in, being frustrated and enraged, and vowing to find some way to make her surrender, had taken all of his time and attention away from many others. That in turn actually spared the lives of many he would have taken. 
But if she were to ever give in to him, he would become more powerful than he had ever been before, not to mention finally continuing on to the next and the next, just as he had been before her.” Drake finished.
I pursed my lips in thought.
“So aside from being beautiful, what was so special or different about her that she wouldn’t give in as opposed to the others? Maybe she just didn’t want to be rich, beautiful, or young, or have passion and power. Not all girls do.”
“No?”
I turned to look up at him, “No. I don’t. I mean, maybe the passion but not without respect, love, and honor. None of that other stuff is important or matters, at least it won’t soon anyway.” I said.
It was quiet for a moment between us.
“You still believe in the events of the end of the world in the dreams that you told me about?” he asked curiously.
“Yeah, I do.” I said without hesitation.
He stopped again with an almost sympathetic smile.
“So, you don’t believe that there’s any hope left for people at all?”
I hadn’t been prepared for that question and honestly, I never thought about hope at all. Hope. That was something that was pretty rare in the world today. Everywhere you looked, people were killing, stealing, assaulting, cheating, abusing, hating, fornicating, twisting religious doctrines to fit their own personal gains, so what was the point?
“Me alone having hope doesn’t even matter. It’s kind of hard to hope and care when not many people care themselves. I think I know how God feels sometimes though.” I chuckled.
He laughed too and nodded. “I understand your feelings about that completely. What about the shadows that you said were following you? Are they still harming you?” He then asked.
I paused, remembering last night and the scratches on my back. Should I tell him about all of it?
“Yes.” I finally said softly.
This time, he paused and I glanced at him from the corner of my eye to see his expression. He appeared to be in deep thought and I wondered what he was thinking about.
I spoke again, “I also realized something else recently too. That you were right or at least I was wrong all along. There are angels always around, and I think there’s one following me. In fact, I know there is. I think I have proof.” I said slowly, not sure how he’d react to that part.
He stopped and so did I. Then he turned to look down at me.
“You have proof?” I could see that he raised a brow even behind the sunglasses.
I nodded but I wasn’t sure I wanted to even mention the feather.
“I’ve seen and experienced some things in the last few days—both miracles and supernatural things. At least, that’s the only way that I can explain them.” I said.
He paused, “Star, I have to tell you that you need to be extremely vigilant and careful because demons are very cunning and bold.  You are very special, and they will continue to get more aggressive with you because you have you have the ability to see them but you have always defied them. They don’t like that, so you must be aware that not everything or everyone may be what they seem or who they are. Demons can mask themselves in many ways and as any kind of being. Always remember that.” Drake explained.
He was serious and what he said made my skin crawl. I thought of the events of last night again. He was absolutely right and I found his serious forewarning began to give me chills.
“I know. I just wish I knew why they’re after me.” I replied, looking down at my shoes and wondering if I should tell him what happened last night.
I heard him sigh softly, and when I looked up again, he was looking out across the expanse of the lake. A gaggle of brown ducks from the biggest to the smaller ducklings, fluttered their wings and all skittered across its surface in a line, heading for the shore.
“Maybe that will be revealed in another one of your dreams if it hasn’t already. You should write them down and look for patterns. The unconscious mind is the perfect conduit for communication between planes.” Drake said carefully.
I wrinkled my brow in question. The more I talked to Drake, the more I was concluding that he couldn’t be a demon. Then again, I needed definitive proof past just what he was saying and his gentle nature.
Was he the one healing my injuries?
“You mean between the living and the dead?” I asked.
“No, not the dead. The human mind in its dream state is the perfect means for the divine as well as demons to enter, unfortunately.” Drake clarified.
I felt myself involuntarily shiver.
“I’m not trying to scare you, Star, believe me. I’m just offering some truth and I’ve always believed that miracles are small ways of reminding people that there is a higher force, and it hasn’t given up on them, which means they should never give up on themselves or others.” Drake looked down at me and smiled.
I smiled too. “I’m not scared. Not anymore.”
“Good.”
Drake suddenly turned his attention to the left of us, at something behind me, and I could see his jaw start working. Alarmed, I followed the direction of his gaze and turned around.
I didn’t see anything right away but I did notice that he was looking back in the direction of the trail that I had come out of when I heard that whisper, apparently being followed by an invisible entity.
My heart began to race again when I turned back to face him and ask what he was looking at.
“Wha —”
That was all I could get out before Drake gently placed his cool, open palm to my forehead —and I instantly collapsed with no memory or recollection of ever hitting the ground.

XV: Cam’ael

I didn’t recognize this dark fallen when I initially saw him, but my first guess was that he was part of the Toraen Legion also going after Star. There had been three of them following her, which I assumed meant that the angels and even Drakael might be nearby, but that wasn’t going to stop me from stopping them. 
I went for the smaller two of the three first, willing my sword and making a clean swipe that cut through the first one with ease. Then, turning and flipping the sword in one movement with a swift twirl— I stabbing it directly into the throat of the second one; pulling downward before he could even draw his weapon, let alone realize that he had just been parted and sliced in half.
Novices.
It was obvious that these were no kind of fighters or warriors. Upon making that realization though, I was blindsided from behind. I should have known better.
They had both merely been expendable distractions.
The dark fallen whipped his arm back, about to thrust downward and slash at me, but I spun around and dodged. But my parry hadn’t been quick enough to block and he managed to slash my right wing. Furious, I wasted no time returning the slash and our swords collided with a hard metal ‘chink’. I took that moment to slam a foot into his chest, which sent him flailing backwards. He threw some form of sharp, crystallized black dust that turned into living thorns, and I dodged again while shielding my eyes.
He used that momentary distraction to recover and lunge at me once again. He managed to tackle me and we rolled. He was grinning in both fury and certain victory this time, raising his knife once he managed to overpower and hover over me. He brought it swiftly down, directly at my chest. Even though his arm was a blur, I managed to whip my sword up even faster in time to block the attack. I slammed and pressed my hand to his chest, fingers splayed and conjured light to the surface of my palm. It immediately began to smolder and burn his defiled flesh.
Though I knew he had to be in excruciating pain, he continued to grin maniacally with determination as wisps of acrid dark, oily smoke began to emanate from beneath my hand. I had almost forgotten; these hardcore dark fallen thrived on this kind of pain and I wouldn’t doubt that he probably had a hard on, too. Without even having to, let alone wanting to look, I made sure to keep us at arms-length for that reason.	
He struggled and tried to free himself of my grip but I held onto him, pressing my hand even firmer and curling, hooking, and digging my fingers in deeper. His flesh began to sizzle and cook with intense heat this time as the light began to pulse even brighter around my fingertips.
He growled, coughing and hacking in excruciating pain. 
“We will have her…you alone are not enough, Cam`ael…” He hissed vehemently with a roar of defiance. Idiotically, he raised a hand attempting to slash at me again. I thrust my weight forward and we were both airborne. I slammed him down hard, his back hitting the ground with a loud thump and crunch and he grunted, shrieking and choking.
“It’s too bad that you won’t be around to warn this Toraen of his doom if they continue to try, but I’ll make sure that they know.” I smirked wickedly, yanking his blade from his crumbling hand, just as he began to disintegrate.
“He waits for you. You both have much in common!” He voice was nothing more than a hoarse whisper.
He didn’t deny the name, so whoever their leader was…that shadow in Star’s friend had told me the truth.
I was suddenly robbed of the complete satisfaction of destroying this demon when a white spear of divine light shot through him like a lance, almost blinding me as I leapt and turned away at that precise moment. 
In the next split second, he cursed, finally fully disintegrating into oily black ash and tendrils of wispy vapor before winking out of existence altogether. He was one of many, without a doubt, who had been a part of this rogue legion and who were trying to kidnap Star too. 
It made me wonder now, truly how many there were and how well their best trained fighters rated because they certainly had no magic, at least this one didn’t.
I don’t think Morning Star would appreciate them vying for his prize either. I should just step back and let the two destroy each other. Well, actually this Toraen wouldn’t stand a chance against Morning Star, which made me wonder just how arrogantly bold he thought he was and if Morning Star even knew this. What did he mean by, ‘we both had much in common’? Both being fallen perhaps, and wanting the same mortal chosen? Or maybe another fallen like me who also still retained some light within? 
I scowled and sighed. I wished I could’ve interrogated him more and I would have if it hadn’t been for unsolicited intervention. I should have known when I saw his smug face ghost into my view, whom the divine light belonged to. I wondered where Star was right now and what he had done to ensure her safety.
Drakael appeared both calm yet suspicious when he looked over the wound in my wing. “Looks like I made it just in time.” He commented.
I glared at him with clenched teeth. “I didn’t need your help. Where is Star?” I asked.
He shook his head at my insistence.
“Your injury tells a different tale. Following or should I say stalking her again? You’re like a love sick puppy.”
“I wasn’t following her, I was following them! Did you know they were here? The ones from the other rogue legion?”
“As a matter of fact, I did. Why do you think I’m even here to begin with? Your little battle here almost became visible to the mortal plane, you know,” Drakael answered.
“There are rogue dark fallen everywhere in this realm right now, as well as dark divine armies all rallying for her with the same goals, and breaking rules in the process. That means that this concert may turn into a bloodbath for both humans and us, and all you’re worried about is any confrontation or fight being visible to the mortal plane? This little fight was nothing compared to what’s about to happen, so forgive me Drakael, but — fuck you!” I fumed with a glare that could have killed him had I had the power to do it, let alone permission. Then I turned my attention to my injured wing.
Drakael’s face remained neutral at my words, almost speechless but I knew that wasn’t the case with him.
“Focus on your kin. The divine warriors are here to protect both humans and the chosen here. We will handle the dark divine army. You are needlessly on the verge of putting yourself in the position to be eliminated either by your own kin, or by Elohim himself.” Drakael warned.
“I don’t care what you think and who else is here to do what, I’m not going to stop protecting her.”
He shook his head and gave me a wry look.
“Protecting her from what? Her fate and her destiny? How oxymoronic is that?”
“You think it’s going to be that easy to retrieve or release her once Morning Star has her? Once he has her, she’s gone — doomed, and even I won’t be able to help her then! He really wants her and he wants her alive!” I was essentially shouting now in my rage.
“Elohim will take care of that when necessary.” Drakael assured.
I shook my head in frustration. “And if she chooses dark?” I challenged him.
“That will be her free will to do. She must be given the opportunity to decide if that’s the case and you know that. Funny, your attraction doesn’t include faith in her. If she does choose darkness, you should be pleased.” Drakael commented.
“If anything, at least you will be out of the equation then, as much as that would disappoint you. You want oxymoron? How about giving her false hope in a pointless story, when her fate is already sealed no matter what she decides to do or not do at this point? If she’s free to choose, then why are you trying to influence her decisions?” I retorted.
Drakael narrowed his eyes at me and I could swear that I saw his jaw working. Funny, angels don’t act or react on or out of emotions. Though we were and represented love and patience, we were neutral beings when it came to emotions, because we were forbidden to show favoritism over one human being as opposed to another.
That has always been the fastest and most sure fire way to end up falling and becoming branded as a demon once that clear line had been crossed. And from the looks of it lately, even and now —Drakael was on the verge of jumping that line with both feet.
“Unlike you, I only act and move when I am given permission or where I see fit. My story wasn’t a means of influence, it was a means of hope, and I wasn’t saving you by the way.” He then said as he looked over my bleeding plumes. 
I couldn’t pull in or retract them in this condition until they healed, so for now we both remained cloaked and invisible to normal humans. If Star had been nearby though, she would have been able to see both of our signatures and Drakael knew that, which was why he placed her back in her car, for when she awoke.
“Hope my ass. I don’t remember thanking or asking you for your assistance. Is she’s still safe?”
“She’s shielded.” Drakael stated flatly.
Okay…she was safe.
Being shielded was only done in extreme measures. It stopped time, literally. Only Angels had the power to manipulate and invoke it. At the same time, the mortal and all other living beings within the vicinity fell into a state of unawareness or unconsciousness, with no memory of passing time, let alone anything they may have seen or heard. The individual was then temporarily cocooned in a divine aura of protection from whatever threat or entity remained, until it was eliminated. 
However, in my opinion, that act toed the fine line of interference. It was only used to prevent mortals from seeing anything not of this plane accidentally.
“What difference does her seeing us make at this point? I don’t know if you’re even aware but her blood has already been spilt twice! As far as I’m concerned, there are no more rules! Morning Star isn’t playing by them anyway but he’s not going to get his own hands dirty either. She sees us already and she knows we’re real, so if you think that she doesn’t suspect you of something out of the ordinary while you continue to heal her, then you’re more of an arrogant ass than I thought!” I furiously stated with frustration, shaking my head in exasperation.
Drakael seemed to ponder what I said for a moment.
“What she thinks she sees or knows is not my responsibility or concern as long as the rules are followed. I’m sure she suspects something. You were right initially, I’ll give you that much. All divine have the sight ability but there is nothing we can do to alter that. But do you really want her to see you with your wings splayed fully, is that it? For her to see your marks and know that you are fallen?” Drakael replied frankly.
“Isn’t that what you want for her to see and know? I heard every word of your blatantly overdone speech about her being vigilant, which was shy of naming me outright, so don’t lecture me about what is forbidden! I’m not the one out to hurt or kill her!” I stated harshly with a grimace.
At least not yet, I then thought to myself.
Drakael eyes traveled to my right wing again, his face showing more of a slightly empathetic expression this time, which surprised me. I supposed he was probably communicating with Elohim in his silence as well when his face went solemn and humble just now.
I sighed impatiently, looking down at my wing as I shifted to a kneeling position from where I had been sitting and then stood up. The injury to my wing was already in the process of healing. The gilded gold edges glimmered and sparkled, working to reform each white plume efficiently and quickly as well as the blackened ones, which would always regrow black no matter how many times I had tried to remove them myself in the past. The blood flowed and faded away back into the veins of the renewed flesh and the roots of each feather. 
I glanced in the direction of Star’s car and the parking lot of the park, thinking about our date tonight. I wasn’t sure how that was going to go now because I knew that this altercation had been nothing compared to what would come but I looked forward to it. In fact, the only thing that kept me from exacting rage or giving into my sin once again — was being alone with her, talking with her, and maybe even getting the chance to kiss her too. 
As if Drakael had read my mind, he spoke. “Seduction is forbidden. Do not forget to bring her tonight before the ten o’clock hour.” He reiterated.
I glared at him. “The rule was that I could not lie down with her but I won’t stop or resist her if she comes on to me first.”
He sighed and pursed his lips, eyeing me suspiciously. Then he shook his head with disdain as his signature began to fade and then he was swiftly, gone.
Remaining cloaked, I staked out Star’s car to make sure that no other being was stalking and waiting for her cocoon of protection to evaporate before making a move again.
When she had awoken, I waited a bit longer, wondering if she were going to get out. I could only imagine how perplexed she must have been feeling since she just sat there for a while. Moving in closer, I could clearly see the confusion on her face, which verified what I had figured. I wanted to go to her and tell her everything so badly but I couldn’t. It was like a horrible itch that I couldn’t scratch even though I had to ability to do it.
After several minutes, she finally drove off without further incident. Expecting that Morning Star had no intention of stopping his pursuit of her, was like expecting a criminal to simply walk by a bag full of money lying on the ground.

I had to make one quick stop before returning back to the farmhouse that I was using as a temporary dwelling to clean myself up. The rip in my wing had healed completely at that point. 
I sent out a quick mental message telepathically to Edanai, to check-up on both her and Ryziel and see how they were coming along. She was much safer here in the mortal world than in the spirit plane right now. That being because there were stricter rules, set by Elohim that were actually followed and adhered to here by the dark ones, than there. Knowing Edanai though, she wasn’t just going to skulk around in the background and remain cloaked.
“What’s your major?” I joked.
“I kind of like this liberal arts curriculum.” Edanai responded.
“That sounds like it suits you well. Does the name Toraen sound familiar to you?” I then asked.
“Toraen? Fallen?”
“Yes, part of or leader of a rogue legion.”
“That’s funny Cam, all dark fallen are considered rogue. Wanna be more specific?”
“You know what I mean. There’s another legion out there looking to establish the same thing as Morning Star once the Earth has been disbanded.” 
“I don’t know. It sounds like I’ve heard that name somewhere before. I can ask around.” 
“No, don’t do that. I don’t want any one of them to know anything.”
“Does this have to do with this chosen human girl? I haven’t seen this amazing mortal girl you’re gushing over yet by the way but there are a lot of fresh, young testosterone factories running around without a clue. I’m in total paradise right now.”
“It does and I figured you would be. Thank you for doing this for me.” 
“Sure. I freshened up and changed at your temporary abode. Rahab told me you said it was okay, and don’t worry, I cleaned up.” Edanai said before I could even speak
She knew me so well.
“Where is Ryziel?” I then asked.
“Last I saw him he was hitting on some prom queen blonde girl type with big breasts.”
I sighed. “Well, she should be returning to her apartment soon. She’s staying at the Wayford Hall apartments about a mile and a half from the University.”
“I’m sure I’ll find her but when I do, then what?”
“Keep an eye on her for me…please.”
She paused.
“Is she that naive?”
“No, she’s that valuable. Also, if any other shadows or demons try to physically attack her again…don’t kill them…do what you can to run them off as inconspicuously as you can, and let me know who it was right away.” I told her.
“Morning Star wants her too?” Edanai asked.
“Yes.” I finally admitted to her.
There was a brief pause.
“Alright.” She finally agreed with some semblance of determination in her resignation, which surprised me.
“Make sure to mask your brandings and tell the others to do the same because she will be able to see them. Rahab has but she’s already seen mine and I don’t want to have to explain that to her if she happens to see yours. Keep an eye open for Berith too.” I then added.
“Uh-huh, and I doubt that was an accident either. Don’t worry I’ve been looking for her ass already anyway. Is there anything else my Lord?” Edanai giggled.
“Don’t you start.” I warned but I sensed she had already broken our mental connection.

I supposed I could have manipulated things to get this concert cancelled but that would only irk and provoke Morning Star. His plans to cause medial havoc and devastation could go from a minimal to a catastrophic proportion within a split second decision to express his rage. Many millennia of dealing with him, I knew that the best way to defeat or frustrate him and any of his plans, was to let them come to or close to fruition, giving him a false sense of victory before countering and moving to strike against him. I found it hysterical that after all this time and all he has done, that he still believed he would come out the victor in the end.
I passed a local flower shop on my way back to the farmhouse and immediately thought of Star. I knew what her favorite flower was. It was one of the many things that I noted and kept in mind having watched over her during the times that I had. One of those I remembered well was her awe of lilies or more the exotic colored ones. I chose a large bouquet of Stargazer lilies with white roses mixed in to have sent to her before our date.
Once back at the farmhouse and as much as I knew it may have been a bad idea, I didn’t have much choice or any other options at this point. I needed some direction to follow as well as answers.
Against my better judgment, I gave in and mentally summoned Berith.

~~~***~~~

Even though I was cloaked, I knew that she could sense my signature and pick up my scent. The four-bedroom, two-story farmhouse was open and large, with a second floor open loft design. It was old and decrepit when I found it, which made a great disguise on the outside.
Inside however, it was a completely different abode. I purposefully left it sparsely furnished yet thoroughly repaired, cleaned, spotless and comfortable enough for temporary lodging. I left the fireplace going as I waited and watched in the rafters. I wanted to be sure that she arrived alone and that there were no others in the vicinity. Regardless, around Berith you always kept your guard up, eyes open, and your groin covered with the understanding that half of the things coming out of her mouth were one hundred and ten percent lies.
She stepped slowly. I could tell that she was looking around to make sure she wasn’t being ambushed either. The clicking of her heels thumped, sounding heavy on the hollow wood floor.
“Alright Cam`ael, I came alone I promise but I know how you are, so I’ll give you a moment to make sure. I didn’t tell anyone I was meeting you.” She called out.
I ghosted outside to scan the perimeter of the farmhouse and listen for a few moments, before returning and materializing at the top landing of the steps.
I noted her sense of initial surprise, or maybe it was paranoia but then she immediately smiled seductively, eyeing me up and down with her hands on her hips. She wore a black lace, body-hugging dress with not much more underneath, save for a slinky black thong.
She ran her tongue across her upper lip, an obvious invitation.
I stood with hands in the front pockets of my jeans, leaning against the wall casually and admittedly taking in the view myself.
“Damn, you are one sexy demon.” She purred and bit her bottom lip as she moved to the bottom of the stairs with a hand on the balustrade, to pose provocatively. I think she was hoping that I’d tell her the same.
I took my time descending the stairs on purpose. 
Her eyes never left me. “This is a nice, cozy place. Nice camouflage on the outside, too. This is definitely you though. Not a micro speck of dirt or dust anywhere.” She looked around and giggled.
“Don’t get the wrong idea. You asked me to summon you and I did, so get to the point.”
She pretended to pout. “A little concoction to create a relaxing atmosphere?” She smiled and held up her manicured hand.
She twirled her index finger, and in the next instant, a chilled bottle of expensive wine and two wineglasses appeared on the square coffee table in front of the couch and fireplace. 
I pursed my lips and looked at her wryly.
“Whether you believe me or not, I didn’t come here as the enemy,” She began as she sashayed her voluptuous figure towards the couch and proceeded to open the bottle of wine using magick.
“I don’t believe that but okay. Why did you want me to summon you then?” I asked not making a move to join her on the couch as she poured a deep burgundy wine into both glasses.
She laughed and didn’t answer right away, taking her time to pour each glass. Then she brought one over to me. I eyed her carefully, her movements, her face, and her fake smile.
There was no way I was going to drink that wine.
She handed me a glass and I didn’t take it.
  She sighed, disappointed and downed the crimson liquid in one gulp, then drank the one she had handed me in the same manner before tossing them both into the air, to which they both vanished along with the wine bottle on the table.
“Just get to the point, Berith. What is it you want to tell me? I’ll decide if it’s worth anything to me.”
“Damn, Cam`ael, what does one have to do to become part of your legion and earn your trust?”
“I don’t have a legion, and as far as earning my trust, that is something that few have ever achieved and your odds remain slim to none.” I told her.
I moved around her towards the couch, still keeping her in my sights.
She turned to face me with an expression of hurt but I knew better. Berith was anything but vulnerable, trustworthy, or even sensitive for that matter. She wanted something and I knew what that something was.
She moved over to the couch to join me but chose to sit in the armchair, crossing her shapely legs slowly.
I sat down on the couch.
“You know, since the beginning, I never had a choice.” She suddenly said.
“We all have choices.”
“No, I didn’t. I was enslaved since birth. Brainwashed with fear and torture, and once I was mature and desirable enough physically, I became his sex slave and he rented me out to his comrades when he was done breeding with me. He could care less about his children. There is no bond and they will all become expendable slaves to him anyway, left to fend on their own or die. I guess I grew on him after a while because then he began to pamper me as long as I serviced him and brought in the souls.”
She was staring into the fireplace, lost in her own memories, and then she paused for a moment. Her eyes tightened.
I still wasn’t falling for the act but I’d let her speak… as to how long depended on what she wanted to tell me. I didn’t have all evening — I had a date to get ready for.
“I used to be one of his favorites but his use of me has diminished with the others that he’s been acquiring, and all the chosen he’s been taking.” She began as if in a trance.
“And why do you feel the need to all of a sudden betray him by telling me anything? Feeling threatened that you’ll be replaced?”
She blew out a sharp breath and rolled her eyes, shaking her head as she looked down in her lap. “Please, he’s way too preoccupied with so much right now as it is to even notice. I don’t know. No matter what I do or where I go, I’ll always be bound to him. He owns me and I don’t see any way out. I never wanted to exist in the first place but it wasn’t my choice. I was never an angel like you or any of the fallen. I was created of darkness and sin to be a demoness. I’ve never known light or had the option to be anything but this. All I’ve known was Morning Star and he’s been the one who has taken care of me. I suppose I have choices now but I guess I’ve always held onto the hope that one day…” She trailed off, and then stopped.
I remained silent, trying to read past what she was really trying to say or what she was trying to get out of me, which would be not a damned thing.
“One day what?”
She seemed sorrowful…genuinely sorrowful and I wasn’t sure what to make of it. However, I wasn’t going to fall for it either.
She shook her head. “He’s so confident that he’ll have Earth after the end, he’s been preparing his own new race of kings and queens who will serve under him and rule the humans that are left. You do know how he’s been able to do it so stealthily, don’t you?” She said looking up at me to gauge my reaction.
I had already known that he was trying to do all of that, which was why he wanted my offspring so badly.
“It isn’t difficult in this era of the human world. Humans are already creating hell on earth as it is for themselves. They have been since the beginning.” I replied.
She laughed. “Then he was never that far off or wrong about mankind, now was he? They’re all predictable, generation after generation, century after century.”
“He’s underhanded and never plays fair. His influence is strong and mankind never stood a chance.” I told her.
“You’re wrong, Cam`ael. The only thing he does is put what mankind desires out there. It’s humans that greedily take the bait each and every time.” Berith countered.
“He knows the price and the outcome yet he never puts that out there. I call that an unfair advantage, he doesn’t care about anything or anyone but himself. If you came here to discuss your opinion of his finer points and convince me that he’s not to blame for all of the hatred, cruelty and perverse sin prevalent today, you will fail each and every time, so get to the point, Berith, and finish answering the question.”
“Humans know the price — they just don’t care or believe in evil or us.” She smiled.
I gave her a look that conveyed I no longer had the time or patience to continue debating why Morning Star was the vilest, hated, despicable and obscene entity on the face of the universe.
She read the look accurately as she continued on with a sigh. “Well, mostly it’s been through musical venues or any event where many people can and will gather. Sporting events, Olympics, political rallies, the Oscars, music award shows…you name it. He plants his gatherers among them and then opens a waiting portal nearby. Most people venture through willingly. They aren’t necessarily kidnapped.” She explained.
“Bullshit, you mean deceptively and unwittingly venture through. So that’s his plan this time around again then.” I more stated than asked.
“It’s worked so far as I know.” She smiled again.
“I’m not one to be misled Berith, and I am a sole believer in revenge and the hunt to get it, remember that.” I warned her. I meant every word and she knew it.
She pursed her full red lips and a slight wrinkle furrowed her brow.
“I wouldn’t do that to you, Cam`ael. I really do like you.”
I puffed out a breath of sarcasm, not even wanting to address that and go there. This conversation and meeting had gone on way too long already.
“Do you know anything about a rogue legion? Does the name Toraen, in particular, ring a bell?”
She pursed her lips, shaking her head no.
“There are many rogue legions Cam`ael, you know that. If you want me to try and find out for you though, I can.” Berith offered.
“I’m not asking you to so don’t expect the favor returned.” I told her flatly.
“Consider it a gift then. Because he’ll find out eventually and he’ll know that I’ve met with you. You know what will happen then…” She trailed off looking into the fire again.
“So why are you risking yourself now?”
She stared off into space for a moment and it was hard to read expression on her face but I took it as indifference and sadness, and I was curious now.
“Because I’m tired and I’ll be dispensable once he’s achieved his goals.” She finally replied.
I could respect and understand that.
“What makes you so sure he will?”
She shrugged a shoulder.
There was a bout of silence. I was still trying to figure out her motive.	
She began to stroke the front of her calf slowly as if to draw my attention to it and I did look but it didn’t spark arousal, at least not with her anyway.
I thought of Star.
“Edanai must have some strong power over you.” She then smiled.
I gave her a weary look and I would neither justify nor deny that statement.
Then she leaned forward with an elbow on her knee. “I don’t understand why she’s never liked me.” She then said with a quizzical expression.
She couldn’t be serious, I thought to myself.
“I’d steer clear of her if I were you. She’ll rip you apart, so don’t underestimate her.”
“I’m not afraid of Edanai. I’ve never done anything to her. If she wants to fight me tell her to summon me and bring it on.” Berith challenged, and then she cut her eyes to me again with another wide smile.
Females were all alike, mortal and immortal, I thought to myself. I wasn’t about to get in the middle unless Edanai were truly in danger.
“Oh. I know. It’s the girl isn’t it? She’s very pretty. A little on the fragile and petite side but then again some of the smaller divine chosen have proven to be some of the most deadly, and she definitely has the will and tenacity. The fact that you’re drawn to her like many others doesn’t surprise me in the least but if she makes it to be rebirthed, what then? She’ll have no memory of this life and she may be the one who ends up killing you.” Berith commented. 
I looked at her with animosity. Hearing her even speak of Star and reminding me of that fact, instantly made me wary and then angry but I knew it wasn’t a secret. There were way too many spies out there and I had already known that.
“What do you mean if?”
Berith laughed. “The deal you made him, exchanging her for the other two? I was pretty sure you were bluffing but if you weren’t…don’t do it.” She then said with a serious darkness in her eyes.
She had my attention. 
“How did you know about that?” I asked.
“I’ve mastered eavesdropping quite well when it comes to him. How do you think I know things? It’s one of the many advantages I’ve acquired from being with and around him for so long.” She smiled.
I could see this as advantage for our legion too, if I could trust Berith at all.
“Really? Well in that case, how many has he managed to convert to dark divines?” I then asked.
“He has quite a bit, though I don’t know an exact number.” She said.
“Guess.”
She sighed and shook her head. “I don’t know. I could say maybe a few hundred.”
“A few hundred?” I repeated.
It wasn’t anywhere near as much to match the number of divine chosen but a few hundred was more than enough when it came to Morning Star.
“More or less but he’s going all out to train them too.” She pointed out.
“Where is he training them?”
“That I don’t know. He’s real secretive and careful about mentioning that.”
I wasn’t sure I wanted to believe her answers since she answered them so easily, like a recruit would to a drill sergeant. But for now, I would take her word for it because it sounded exactly like Morning Star.
“Which one of the bands playing tonight are dark divine ones?”
She looked at me, and after a long pause she finally answered. “All but three.”
That was the entire line up. Morning Star had a good amount of them already.
“What are their names?” I asked scooting to the edge of the couch now.
“Cam`ael, I didn’t come here to give you that information.”
“That’s the information I want.”
“And that’s the least of your worries, believe me.” She replied.
I narrowed my eyes at her. “Then what did you want to tell me?” I said becoming agitated as I stood up again.
Berith stiffened and sat up straight, a slight gasp escaped her lips. She shot up from the chair quickly, which alarmed and put me on instant guard. I listened, cocking an ear to pick up any sound and focus on any scents and signatures nearby and outside.
“What is it?” I asked her.
She seemed terrified and she almost began to tremble.
“I have to go.” She mouthed silently.
I wasn’t so sure this wasn’t an act.
“Wait! What did you need to tell me?” I asked her grabbing onto either side of her arms.
Her eyes were round with fear and a trickle of dark fluid began to run down the side of her temple.
She had gone mute.
She shook her head almost in a panic but I wasn’t going to let her go.
“He’s summoning me!” She shrieked in a low whisper.
“Don’t answer!” I told her.
Her pulse quickened and her body went rigid. “I…have…to!” She said.
I’ve never seen Berith like this.
“Ignore him! You have a choice Berith!”
“I can’t!” She said and then she screamed.
It was a definite scream of pain. More dark fluid began to stream down from her forehead and soon, several dark streaks lined her pretty face, sliding past her red lips, and dripping down her chin and neck. Her legs gave out and she nearly doubled over but I held her firm and upright, though she sagged in my grip.
There was nothing I could do for her. Morning Star was either punishing or torturing her but I doubt he’d kill her…not yet anyway.
Maybe she hadn’t been acting after all.
Her eyes found mine amid the twisted expression of agony on her face. She gasped, struggling to speak and unsure if she should at this point. The more she defied answering his summon, the more he hurt her. Damn him!
Within an instant she began to ghost away, though the look of agony still masked her face. She held a hand to my cheek and I felt her touch faintly. I wasn’t sure what was going to become of her or if Morning Star knew that she was with me. I wasn’t about to establish a telepathic link to him to get him to stop, not that he would have given a damn anyway. I couldn’t risk it and it angered me that I was powerless to help Berith.
Why I even feel this inclined to do so confounded me.
As soon as she was gone a sheet of paper materialized where Berith had been and I grabbed it before it floated to the floor.
It was a note, a final note she had given me so she wouldn’t have to speak and risk Morning Star listening in.
I grabbed it, and immediately read what she had transcribed in haste:
‘Keep her away from Morning Star and all others for the sake of every living and spiritual being on this planet. She bears the same identical aura that Eve had.’
I stared at the note for what seemed like an eternity before finally igniting it while still in my hand. I watched it burn and disintegrate into black bits of ash.
How could I have forgotten and not seen that myself? Did Drakael know this? Did any of the angels know this? Of course they all did. Apparently, Morning Star recognized it instantly too, even before I had. 
Maybe I had been trying to forget and block out that fact and memory for a reason.
Berith had been trying to tell me why so many other dark fallen…why I wanted Star so much as opposed to any other divine chosen females. No other female chosen, mortal or immortal since the dawn of time had ever possessed such an aura, and now it all made sense.

XVI: Starling

I suddenly felt compelled to open my eyes, not even realizing at first that I had been asleep or unconscious. I rubbed my eyes and blinked to bring myself into total consciousness, feeling strangely refreshed. It was like I had slept peacefully for a long time, and even stranger…I was still in my car, behind the wheel, and the driver’s seat was tilted back, as if I had done it myself in order to take a nap or something. A power nap wasn’t why I came to the park in the first place.
I gasped and sat up straighter, my eyes darting around as I craned my head to glance around the parking lot of the park. I remember driving here, I was obviously still here, but…I know I got out and…I know that I had been talking to Drake.
So, where was he? My keys were still in the ignition, though my car wasn’t running, and all the doors were still locked.
Had I been asleep and dreaming again? No, there was no way. I was sure of it. There were people everywhere, casually strolling with their dogs, walking and jogging along the trail like normal and not paying any attention to me. 
I ran a hand across my forehead and sighed. What was happening to me? I’d begun sleep-walking and now I was losing track of time, and suffering from narcolepsy?
I glanced at the digital clock display on my dash above my stereo. I couldn’t remember what time it had been when I came out here but it was now ten forty eight a.m., and my Starbucks coffee was still sitting in the console cup holder. I reached for it, wrapping my fingers around the paper cup and finding that it was still warm but half gone…like it had been when I ran into Drake.
How the hell had I gotten back in my car? I know I was with Drake. He told me a story about those four girls and then he touched my forehead or something like that.
I felt like I was wandering around in a fog of some never-ending dream or in a make believe movie. Or I was truly losing my mind and going crazy on some level.
Maybe both because I also felt like I was being watched at the moment too, but when I looked around the perimeter of the parking lot and beyond, I didn’t see anything or anyone looking at me. That didn’t mean there still wasn’t something…some being out there still stalking me either.
In fact, I know I was being watched without a doubt. It was just a strong feeling but it was better that I didn’t bother to get out and investigate though.
I started up the car and drove back to the apartment, figuring I’d do something normal like laundry, which I did need to do anyway.
School and studying was the furthest things from my mind right now. I knew I wasn’t going to finish at this point but not because I was giving up or didn’t want to finish. The desire and drive had died a long time ago for many reasons, not just the dreams and events of the last couple of days.
Sorry, Grandma. I said to myself. I hoped she wouldn’t be too disappointed in me when we met again.

Joel was sitting on the couch watching television in our living room when I walked in. I headed straight into the kitchen with a box of freshly assorted donuts that I’d stopped to get when I remembered that we needed more washing detergent. 
I hated doing laundry. 
The whole having to stay with my clothes while they washed and dried because there were inconsiderate jerks who had no qualms in taking out your laundry before it was completely dried to do theirs if you left, was mundane and irritating. 
“Hey, good morning.” I smiled looking at him curiously, and wondering why he hadn’t called to tell me he’d be over.
Something was beginning to burn in a small sauce pot on the stove. I peeped into the pot and spied the white, thick, pasty, bubbling gravy mix with browned edges on the verge of turning into a burnt layer of skin on top. 
I quickly turned the stove off, moving the pot over and off the heat.
China was apparently making biscuits and gravy for breakfast, more than likely for Steve, since we had already eaten BLT’s earlier. There was a pan of three buttermilk biscuits already baked on the stovetop as well. 
“Morning, you’re up early. I thought I’d find you still praying at the throne.” Joel smiled, already perched on a barstool when I turned around.
I smiled and put my things down after setting my store bags on the counter.
“Nah, I got that over with early this morning. How long have you been here?”
“I just got here. I forgot you go to the Y on weekends but I figured I’d take the chance that you might have stayed home when I texted you this morning. I was about to leave but China left something in her car and asked if I could watch that pot for her real quick.” He nodded towards the stove.
“Oh, you mean the one that was burning? Uh, my date won’t be here until seven.” I kidded and thumbed back towards the stove. I slid the donut box towards him.
“Hey, I have no idea what that is or what I was supposed to do… and I promise, I didn’t come to spy on you and your date.” He said innocently with a shrug of his shoulders and a roll of his eyes. He wasted no time pulling out the Boston crème filled one and biting into it.
I laughed and he chuckled.
“I actually came over to check on you and see what you were doing today before your date. China told me you have some big ass scratches that looked pretty bad all across your back and neither one of you guys remember how it happened.”
I felt my skin grow taut with agitation at China’s big mouth and for Joel to even mention it. It didn’t even burn or hurt anymore and I hadn’t thought about it again since this morning —with relief…until now.
I held my hands out matter-of-factly, shrugging my shoulders, and then laughed. 
“I may have been a bit wasted, what can I say? China exaggerated though. It’s nothing. I apparently fell on something but it isn’t bad.” I waved off.
“She said it looked like someone or some animal scratched the shit out of it.”
I sighed and looked at him wryly.
“What, you want me to take my shirt off and show you?” I raised a brow, leaning with one hand on the bar counter and the other hand on my cocked hip.
Joel grinned.
“Didn’t work.” I chuckled, turning to get the milk from the fridge.
“Damn. Alright, well, what do you have planned for this morning then?” Joel asked through a mouth of donut, which didn’t take him long to finish.
Truthfully, the thought of being with Joel and wanting him to be my first entered my mind just then. I blushed and laughed to myself internally at his reaction if I just turned around and told him straight up right now, that I wanted to know if he’d like to have sex tomorrow night after the movie. I’ll even bring the condoms.
I immediately erased that thought, feeling as if he’d be able to tell by virtue of my now burning red face when I looked at him again.
“Why, what’s going on this morning?” I asked.
“Well, since you don’t wanna go to the show, I figured maybe you wanted to cruise the booths and pre-show events for some free stuff and food.” He said waggling his brows.
I wrinkled my nose, pulling out a glazed donut myself with a fleeting thought of what happened at the park and Drake for a split second, and I paused.
“Not a good enough reason for me to go, with the exception of hanging out with you as an incentive but China wants me to go anyway. She’s gotta cover it for a project, so she says, so I’m going but I’m not staying. I need to do some laundry first though, which may take an hour or two.” I told him, taking a bite of the sweet pastry.
He held a hand to his chest and gave an adorable smile. “Aw baby, I’m touched. Yeah I know. I don’t want you to risk not getting back in time to get all dolled up for your date, who I do want to meet.” He raised a brow and reached for a paper towel from the roll.
“Where’d you meet this cop anyway?” he asked, like a father grilling his teenaged daughter about her new boyfriend.
“Dunkin Donuts. You want some milk?” I said with a smile while getting a cup from the cabinet to pour some for myself. 
Joel chuckled and shook his head no. “I’m good. So then you don’t mind if I tag along with you guys then?” he raised both brows expectantly this time.
I knew Joel had a lot of friends. He was close with two of his roommates but I had to wonder why he wasn’t asking some other girl or one of his other female friends to hang with to this thing.
“With me and my date or me and China?” I smirked jokingly.
He gave me a wry look and laughed. “Keep talking and I’ll be sitting in between you two just to make sure he remains a gentleman.”
I laughed. “Ok, dad. Of course we don’t mind but you won’t be alone, I’m sure Steve is going too.”
“Alright, well just text me when you’re done and I’ll swing back by and pick you up, unless you wanna meet there.”
I sipped my milk. “You can pick me up.”
The knock on my door caught us both off guard, me especially since I was already edgy and on my guard.
Joel stood and looked on when I went to the door and tip-toed to peer out of the peephole. I caught sight of large, magenta, pink, and white colored lily petals and white roses.
Glancing back at Joel, who was standing close behind me now, I opened the door and was greeted with a large, gorgeous bouquet in an equally beautiful rose tinted vase, being held by a young delivery boy. The fragrance was sweet and it instantly made me smile automatically, not even knowing who they were for yet.
“Delivery for Star?” The young boy read in question on his sheet of paper.
Me? At first I wondered and then I thought of Cam. 
“That’s me. Thanks.” I said once he handed them to me. I took the flowers and moved past Joel to set them on the counter, and retrieve a few bills out of my purse for a tip.
Joel casually strolled back over to the counter and eased back onto the barstool with inquisitive curiosity, while I tipped the delivery boy. Then I rejoined him in admiring the bouquet.
I pulled the small card from the plastic holder and opened it.
It read: ‘Hope these brighten your day. I look forward to tonight — see you at seven.’ — Cam
My heart instantly melted with excitement and flattery.
Stargazer lilies were one of my all-time favorite flowers.
 It was weird that he would pick them and beautiful ones at that.
“Let me guess, from Officer Cam?” Joel pursed his lips with a crooked smile that seemed to hide something else he was trying to suppress. He fingered a gorgeous slender petal with its brushed pink centers, and darker pink speckles.
“Yeah.” I confirmed, almost breathless but not meaning to sound like such a giddy school girl.
I couldn’t stop smiling as I leaned in to smell them again.
“Wow, he’s making all us college dudes look bad.” Joel kidded.
“Guess you college dudes need to step up your game then.” I winked.
“Found it. I thought I had lost my license but it was in my glove compartment. Weird huh?” China’s said, walking in with a small, black organizer and her car keys jingling in hand. 
Speaking of, I’d better check for mine. The demon cop had them last — but how did China find hers in her glove compartment then?
China saw me and spoke first when before her eyes went to the bouquet. “Hey, you’re back. Hello, who got the gorgeous flowers?” She grinned.
“Courtesy of Officer Cam. I’ll see you in a bit.” Joel said to me, heading towards the door with a wave and letting himself out.
“Okay.” 
China eyed her pot on the stove and picked up a spoon to stir it with a frown.
“Oh, it’s got a skin on it now.” She whined.
I chuckled.
“Flowers before the date, huh? Those are so beautiful. He has good taste. You should put them in the window over there and put a tiny bit of bleach in the water, so they last longer. Now I really can’t wait to meet this hot Casanova. You’re home early though, did you get sick again?” She asked opening the donut box and choosing a glazed.
“No, the gym was closed for maintenance.”
“Oh really? Good, then you can come with me earlier then.” She grinned.
“After I do some laundry.” I told her.
“Laundry? Star, that can wait, come on. It’ll be hard to find a good parking spot if we don’t go early.”
“It can but if I don’t do it now I won’t feel like it tomorrow, and Joel wants to tag along, so I’m riding with him anyway. Sunday is rest day.”
She groaned and rolled her eyes. “Fine, but don’t take too long. I’ve got to go get ready and leave soon myself. Yours truly managed to be one of the three lucky ones to score an exclusive interview with the guys from Fire Raiser.” She said excitedly, shoving the donut into her mouth as she headed to her room.
“Fire Raiser?”
“Yes, and they are one of the more popular new groups. They’re hot too, especially the lead singer, which is a nice bonus. There’s a bunch of new bands actually; Fire Raiser, the Screaming Demons, Code Red, Null, and Army Oblivion to name a few.” She called out from her room.
I rolled my eyes and shook my head but grateful that for now, everything seemed to be going well and normally. 
“Sounds more like heavy metal to me.” I called back, still admiring my lilies and roses.
“I know. Well, Steve will have a field day networking that’s for sure.” She called back.
That was China. Every musician was hot. I supposed that’s why she was dating Steve. He played bass guitar in his band Scarz but their music was more local alternative industrial than rock.
In taking the time to gather together the contents of my hamper and stripping the muddied sheets off the bed, I was curious. I couldn’t get past what had happened in the park and knowing that I had seen and talked to Drake. I distinctly remembered him touching my back and the wash of a cool sensation spreading across my back when he did. It had me turning around in front of the full length mirror on my closet door and lifting up my shirt.
My mouth fell agape.
Every single scratch…was gone.
My skin was smooth and even once again, with no trace of the marks or scarring whatsoever that I could see, let alone feel.
I swallowed hard. Now I know there was something supernatural about Drake, I was sure of it. Then I thought of everything that he said to me too. Demons can mask themselves as anything and anyone, which I knew, but before I drew my own conclusions about him and Cam, there was one more thing I wanted to verify.
I powered up my laptop with trembling fingers and pulse racing. I watched it go through the startup screen and then launch all my regular programs.
Once I opened up a web page, my fingers hovered over the keys while I tried to gather my thoughts and form a question in my head before typing it into my search browser:
‘Can demons heal people?’
Once I hit enter, I impatiently tapped my fingers and a list of all sorts of sites popped up.
Who was to say which one was correct, accurate, or even true, and what would it be based on? Man’s theory? What made me even think I could find the answer to that on the internet anyway?
I suddenly felt stupid, staring at the screen again before deleting that search and typing in a new one:
‘Can demons disguise themselves as angels?’
I hit enter and…my screen froze. Then my laptop totally crashed to blue screen in the next instant.
“Yes.” Something whispered right into my ear —making me gasp and nearly scream out loud. I jumped to my feet, spinning around to look and search my room frantically for the source.
I backed up against the wall and scanned every nook and corner for any kind of presence, dark shadow, or movement but there was nothing.
I know what I distinctly heard and I wasn’t so sure it was just my imagination either…in fact, I know it wasn’t. The voice was neither male nor female and though it was breathy it was still clear, direct, and distinct; sounding as if it was coming more from the inside of my head than anywhere else.
   I waited for the feeling of nausea and hot static to fill my room and confirm that there was a dark shadow or entity in here with me but that feeling never came.
There was nothing dark in here that I could feel, sense, or see.
That was both random and freaky but I suddenly didn’t feel so afraid anymore.
When I glanced back at my laptop screen, it was still on the search page with my second question still typed into the search bar and a list of possible articles and web pages on the subject, as if it had never crashed at all.
It took me a few moments to even move from my spot. Once I finally did, I quickly closed the lid to my laptop, grabbed the laundry bag and basket along with my purse and duffel bag, and quickly left my room.
China was still in her room but her door was closed now. At first, I felt apprehensive about leaving her alone in here without being sure what, who, or where that voice came from. I chewed my lip and debated waiting for her to leave before I did but I had no idea when that would be. Well, I could at least tell her that I was leaving then. I walked over to her door and raised my hand, about to knock with my car keys…when I heard her moaning. Steve was panting and the head board was hitting the wall rhythmically.
I stopped myself. That was quick. They certainly wasted no time that was for damned sure. I wondered when he had gotten here. It obviously wasn’t long ago, given the plate with leftover biscuits and gravy sitting by the sink in the kitchen.
She’d be fine, I rolled my eyes and smirked as I quickly turned on my heel and left the apartment.

~~~***~~~

I did what Drake had told me to do, while it was still fresh in my head amid everything else, as I watched my colors tumble around to dry behind the large circular glass of the dryer in front of me.
The laundry room was actually empty right now, save for a skinny guy in a hoodie donning a skull with spiked wings on the back of it. He was sitting on the other side of the Laundromat, listening to his IPod and looking at a magazine.
I was still a tad nervous and on guard though, and I’d look up from my notebook every now and then to see if he was still on the other side of the room. The hum of the machines created a steady monotony of some sense of normalcy, which I appreciated for the time being. I had the feather with me this time tucked neatly in the inside of my own hoodie and so far, no incidents. Either it held some protective properties after all, or maybe it was all in my head in believing this feather was an actual angel feather. Whatever the case, I wanted it on my person at all times from now on.
When I took a break from writing to pop my knuckles, I was amazed that I had been able to write non-stop. The words just poured out of me onto paper without much thought to guide the pen.
I didn’t just want to write what I’ve seen in my dreams since I first began having them ten years ago, but how they made me feel and my own personal thoughts about their meaning. I don’t know why I’d never thought to keep a journal before.
I guess I figured there was no point.
I tapped the tip of my pen to my lip as I read over all I had written down:
October 9th, 2012:
‘As clear as high definition color, it was always laid out for me. 
I can’t explain how I already knew what was about to unfold and not because it was part of an endless repetitive dream cycle. In this last one, there was no more sense of time or daylight and there was nothing to say or comment about what everyone thought was going to happen in the end. The Apocalypse, End of Times, the Rapture and whatever else anyone ever thought about what judgment day was going to be. It proved only one thing, no matter who or what religion they were…That we as human beings had all been wrong.
Death was coming for me in the form of a dark fallen.
I felt it more than I knew it.
Too much has happened way too fast, like a blurred nightmare where there was and is no end or escape. Those who preached non-stop falsely, fame hungry evangelists, extremists, killers, non-believers…some for obvious reasons, were all taken first because they assumed that they were the ones who were going to be whisked away to some safe house or planet, while the rest of the labeled “wicked” and “non-believers” were left to be slaughtered or punished till near death, and then left to be preyed upon by the scavengers. 
The birds.
Only they aren’t birds. They’re the dark ones, the original fallen angels….the ones that had been here since the beginning before all of mankind, the ones that birthed the original Nephilim and their demon kin imps and shadow servants.
Night falls like a shadow, unleashing God’s fury in a colossal deluge of massive, violent earthquakes that seemed to split right down the middle of the planet from the North to the South poles. In turn, epic Tsunamis swept and washed away all the smaller islands and coasts of all seven continents at once. There was no time for panic, terror, warning of stocking up on supplies…we had already been on borrowed time.
Soon after, every single star had fallen from the sky, leaving the entire world in pitch darkness with nothing left but the burning anger of the blood red moon casting shadows and bathing the earth in a hellish, waning fury. The world’s life blood, the mighty power grid had been destroyed, leaving us infantile, helpless, and sitting ducks. Chaos, violence, panic, and ultimately terror had begun to settle in as the dark ones had come out of the huge break in the earth to wreak havoc, to kill, to torture, and to enslave.’ 
“Hey do you have change for a dollar?” 
I nearly sprang backwards out of the chair, snapping my head up to see the lanky guy that had been sitting on the other side, now standing in front of me, with a crinkled dollar held up in between his fingers. He was wearing sunglasses and his nails had been painted black. He was pale, dyed, dark purple, and black straw-like hair peeped from beneath his hoodie, and his cheeks were pock-marked.
Damn, since when had I become so freaking paranoid? 
Need I answer that, even for myself?
“Sorry, didn’t mean to scare you.” He smiled.
“That’s okay. I think I do.” I said reaching down for my purse and pulling out my coin baggie.
I dug for and counted out four quarters and then handed them to him.
He traded them for his dollar and nodded, looking me over for a moment.
“Thanks.” He smiled jingling the change in his hand, then he walked back over to his machine.
I glanced back at him for a second. He didn’t seem out of the ordinary, more like those emo types I guess but I’ve never seen him before around campus either.
This is what paranoia does to you.
The door swung open and someone else entered the Laundromat. I turned to face the door way, seeing a gorgeous girl carrying in a laundry basket of clothes on her hip. She was lean but fit, and taller than China I estimated, like maybe around five eleven or something. I hadn’t seen before either but she looked at me as if she knew me albeit with a look of — surprise or some kind of curious admiration. 
She was really pretty. Her long, sleek black hair was pulled up into a high ponytail and she was evenly tanned. I immediately thought that she was maybe full-blooded Italian, Spanish, or Greek. She smiled at me briefly as she set her basket down on the counter and proceeded to sort through her laundry. 
I instantly began to feel that familiar sense of static in the air, heavy and warm against my skin. I didn’t mean to stare at her but well — she was staring at me too.
I wondered if that other guy was staring at her as well, what with her being so defined and gorgeous. I turned to glance in the other direction, only to find that he was gone though his clothes still tumbled in a dryer on the other side. 
Suddenly, I felt the tickle and prickling of something walking up my wrist and forearm.
I looked down to see the biggest, ugliest, hairiest tarantula moving in a macabre like gait up my arm. There was no sign of the dollar that guy gave me in my hand either.
Bloody murder could only describe the shrill scream that came out of my throat, as I flung my arm away from me to shake the tarantula off, nearly busting my forehead when leaping out of the chair, and darting clear across the other side towards the doorway.
The girl remained calm and passive, pinning me with a quizzical look. Then she appeared as if she were trying to keep herself from laughing. I felt like puking, trembling at the thought of that spider being on me at all.
“You’ve got some lungs on you. Are you okay?” She asked me, suppressing a smirk.
I swallowed, catching my breath and pointing a shaking finger in the direction I thought I had flung the spider.
“Big fricking tarantula…on my arm…I don’t know where it came from!” I spat out.
“Where?” She asked, unafraid and walking in the direction I pointed. She began stooping down to looking in between the other chairs, going from aisle to aisle and repeating the process.
I watched her come up empty handed, and hoping that it hadn’t landed in my purse or bag.
“I think it’s gone.” She finally said as she walked back to where I cowered in the doorway. She seemed almost amused by me when she studied me up and down, as if she were sizing me up or assessing me in some way.
“Not that fast. It might have fallen into my purse or my duffel bag.” I said and shook my head in disgust at the possibility.
“You want me to check?” She asked.
I really felt like a silly three year old now. “Could you?”
She pressed her lips, trying to keep herself from smiling or laughing, and then proceeded to look through my things. I almost regretted asking her to do it, seeing my journal laid out and open for her to see and read.
She glanced at it for a moment, though not long enough to read anything, I think.  Rifling through my things, she stopped to shake out my sweatshirt, socks, jogging pants, and all the rest of my things. So far, nothing. She did the same with the contents of my purse and again, no tarantula.
Was the spider another figment of my imagination?
 “All clear. You’re sure it was a spider?” She asked me as if she were humoring a scared little girl. She put back the items that she had shaken out, then picked up my purse, duffle bag, and journal, placing them in the chair that I had been sitting in.
I pushed a few stray curls behind my ear and nodded, but then again I wasn’t so sure. I absently rubbed my wrist where it had been crawling as if I could still feel its gross, hairy legs again.
“Pretty damned sure.” I replied, still feeling the shiver of the creepy crawlies running up the length of my arm.
“Well, it’s gone now,” She held out her arms.
“Did you see a tall, skinny guy with a black hoodie and purple and black hair just leave? He was just in here with me.” I then asked.
“He just walked out a few moments ago.” She smiled.
“I gave him change for a dollar and…I don’t have that dollar anymore, it…” I trailed off before I started sounding like an insane idiot.
There was no way to explain, tell, or make it so she would understand or believe what I was getting at, so it was best to quit while I had already made a fool of myself in front of someone, yet again.
“Is this the dollar you had?” She said, bending to reach under the chair that I had been sitting in, and picking up something off the floor.
She held it up for me to see the crumpled bill.
I felt a headache of confusion coming on. I didn’t even know what to say past looking like a complete boob right now.
She had the prettiest shade of amethyst, purplish colored eyes. I figured they were probably contacts though.
“Yeah, thanks.” I said softly. She walked back over to me with the dollar extended and I took it from her. The overwhelming emanation of hot static that I determined had to be coming from her, was all I needed to feel and recognize before quickly moving back over to the chair and gathering my things together.
Tall, dark, and purple had returned, walking through the door with a coke. I could hear his music blaring through his ear buds as he moved past us to begin taking his clothes out of the dryer.
I am definitely losing it but I guess that’s what the demons want to happen. To make people go mental.
She watched me feel inside my hoodie for the feather. It was still tucked safely in the inner pocket. Her eyes briefly flicked down to where I had the feather hidden, almost as if she already knew what I had or something.
I didn’t care if my clothes and sheets were dry yet or not. I opened the door to stop the cycle and began pulling them all out to cram into my basket and laundry bag. There was a hint of dampness to them but nothing that wouldn’t dry in the next hour or so if left to hang dry in my closet.
“Hey, do you go to the University?” the girl suddenly asked me.
I paused and looked over at her.
“Yes.” I said, eyeing tall dark and purple, who was the only one that actually seemed normal in here right now.
I didn’t like the way she just kept observing me, not really staring or watching, and I was certain it wasn’t because I was attempting to lift and carry all of my things at once for one trip either.
 “Need some help?”
“No. I got it, thanks.” I said quickly but she moved in next to me before I could even make it to the door to help me anyway.
I shuffled past her, struggling to hold onto all of my stuff but determined to fit through the doorway too. I didn’t care. I just wanted to get out of here. 
There was a dark presence in here somewhere and that hot static energy suddenly flared up when she arrived. I was all hip to it now, and now I know where that spider may have come from after all.
She obliged to hold the door open for me and I hurried through, heading straight to my car without looking back. I refused to make eye contact with her again, still feeling her eyes on me the entire time until I finally left the small parking lot of the Laundromat.

I stopped off to pick up a snack and a latte, deciding to make two trips by just taking my laundry bag in first. I didn’t mind taking my time, just in case Steve and China were still going at it.
As I opened the heavy wooden door to my floor, I grumbled under my breath. There was a flurry of girls in the hallway with a long white banner spread down the length of the hallway with paints and other decorations for Halloween, all along the sides. Part of that mess and banner was directly in front of our apartment door.
Logan popped her head up and spied me immediately, then she stood up, brushing off her jeans as if she had been waiting for me.
I took my time walking down the hall and eyeing what the girls had been designing on the banners. It was some fall festival carnival going on next weekend that several sororities and fraternities were throwing.
“Hey Star. Wow, oh my god your face…it’s gone! I thought you busted your lip pretty good the other night. How’s your ankle?” She quizzed with confusion as she gaped at my mouth and then at my foot.
“It wasn’t as bad as it looked,” I lied, fingering my key ring to sort out my apartment key.
“Oh, well that’s good. Don’t worry, we’ll be done soon here but I can move it now if you want.” She nodded to the banner.
“Don’t worry about it, it’s cool.”
I was suspicious at her sudden chatty approach.
She smiled. “So, are you interested in helping out with the carnival?” She finally asked with her Barbie smile.
I knew it was coming.
“I would but I really don’t have time. I can donate funds if you need it though.”
She feigned a nod of understanding.
“Oh, ok.  Yeah would be gracious of you. I totally understand. So, have you seen Officer Black around campus since that night?” She then asked.
How did I know that was coming too?
“No.” I shook my head.
“He said he might be working the campus part-time but I haven’t seen him around either. He gave you his card though, right?” 
She didn’t miss a beat.
“Yeah but I think I lost it.” I told her.
“Oh. So, you two aren’t like, dating or going out or anything, are you?”
“Why?”
She laughed and flashed her beauty pageant smile. “I was just wondering. He seemed like he was flirting with you. I mean how many officers carry you to your doorstep like that without worry or concern of a sexual harassment suit, seriously? Damn, he was hot as hell too, and he was huge, and muscular, and…God, he was so incredibly tall, dark and gorgeous.” Logan then went on animatedly as if she were about to orgasm at the mere thought of him — which, I couldn’t completely say wasn’t understandable.
She looked different too, in some way that I couldn’t quite pinpoint…more buxom and more —pornstar-ish? Strange.
“You liked the tattoos too?” I asked her.
She wrinkled her brows in puzzlement. “Tattoos? Ooh, he has tattoos too?” She asked with an even bigger grin.
This time I looked at her as if she’d grown a second head, or had actually worn a bra today. How could she have missed them? They were dark and unique? Even though he had his police jacket on, they were as plain as day all over the tops of his hands.
“How could you not see them? They were on both of his hands.” I told her matter-of-factly.
She thought for a moment. “I didn’t see any tattoos.”
I was about to say something else but I stopped myself.
That was peculiar. Maybe she hadn’t been looking but I don’t see how she could have missed them especially the way they all ogled him and watched when he handed me his card.
I really didn’t feel like conversing with Logan. I was sure she had a hidden agenda, she always did and her mirror image followers were looking on and being nosy, as if this entire banner painting party spread out in front of my apartment door had been specifically planned.
“Maybe it was something else. I thought he had tattoos.” I lied and shrugged, putting the key into the lock.
That was definitely unexplainable.
“Hey, you have Professor Phillips for Civil Humanities or Philosophy right?” She then asked.
I looked at her in question. “Philosophy, why?”
She moved in closer as if she was divulging some juicy bit of gossip but her expression was serious.
“Have you heard?” She whispered.
“Heard what?”
“He’s gonna be out for a few months. Word is he tried to commit suicide late yesterday night but he’s okay. He’s in the hospital and they’re not sure when he’ll be back.”
I paled. Tried to commit suicide? 
A thousand thoughts ran through my mind at once, all of them being part of what happened to him in his office the other day and his possession.
Or maybe it had been because of the bad things in his life in general? After all, someone had attracted the shadow that morning in class to begin with and I guessed it had been him since it entered him.
Poor Professor Phillips.
Was Logan trying to depress me on purpose? I had a sudden fleeting thought that I didn’t want to think of but it surfaced immediately anyway.
If being possessed had driven Professor Phillips to try to take his own life…would that happen to China too? I mean, she did seem weird this morning and the conversation we had was so unlike her.
I swallowed hard, not wanting to think about it.
“That’s so sad.” I whispered.
“Yeah I know, it is sad, but at least he didn’t die though. So anyway, are you and China going to the show tonight?” She then asked — switching mood channels in her head, literally.
Didn’t die? Apparently she missed the point; snot nosed bitch, I thought to myself.
I knew there was something I could never stand about her.
I suddenly smiled, opening my apartment door and then turned back around to face her once I stepped inside.
“No. Actually, I have a date tonight with Officer Black, I mean Cam, and no — we won’t be at the concert,” I smiled big as I shut the door in her surprised face.

XVII: Cam`ael

I still couldn’t quite believe what Berith had just revealed to me, and even more so that she had been telling some truth after all, and now she might be gone forever. I took some time to digest the revelation before summoning Edanai first.
Though a part of me remained elated the other half was confused. Confused as to why Elohim had allowed me to meet and interact with Star, because after all, he knew exactly what he had given her and what she would soon become. Well, technically I had every freedom to meet her of my own choosing but since she was a chosen, I wanted permission just in case. Old habits die hard.
Edanai and most of the others in my legion now had been created long after me, Rahab, and even Drakael, so they didn’t know the complete short history of all that took place before their own existences. Rahab and I had been created shortly after Morning Star, who had been the first angel before any and all others. 
Eve had been his first obsession and when he couldn’t have her, he turned to deceive and hurt her and what she loved the most. It broke my spirit and my heart to see her being punished, having to suffer for his deception, and not being able to intervene. It had been both her and Adam’s free will and that was when the first rules and laws of interference had been established, despite the fact that there were those, including myself who had fallen already. We all abided by those set rules because Elohim has always and will always be omnipotent over all beings.
   Ever since then, Morning Star and I have always been rivals, on the cusp of remaining associating enemies. I knew he hated me as much as I hated him but he also wanted me in his favor and on his side for the light that only I was allowed to keep. It was his only access to the things he wanted but could not touch, like Star. He picked up and zoned in on her aura swift and quick, like a starving hawk would on a field mouse in a dense wheat field at night.
I had fallen in love with Eve, too and I wanted nothing more than to protect her from Morning Star. Though that very action had cost me dearly, it never changed my feelings for her even though she had a mate, a husband. It hadn’t been the act of simply falling in love with her that caused me to fall, she had only been one of two human beings on the entire face of the earth at the time. Favoritism wouldn’t have been a circumstance either. I had taken on the image of her husband Adam in order to lie down with her but I never got the chance. I was summoned and cast down immediately and then completely shut out of heaven for my actions as all the other fallen. Rahab followed not that long after my fall but his sin hadn’t been the same. 
My initial attempt with Eve had created an insatiable desire of lust within me for the scent and flesh of human females and I gave into that lust repeatedly during my time on Earth.
I had always been too ashamed and embarrassed to tell Edanai the truth, even though she told me what had gotten her cast out, so I made something up. She would be both hurt and furious if I told her the truth now after all this time. Rahab knew and he kept it a secret as mine to tell, which was why he was such a good friend and has always been to me.
I would do it all over if Eve had needed me again back then. I felt as if somehow and in some way after a thousand years, that it all had come full circle once again. Had Elohim cleverly done this when he knew that Morning Star would try to claim Star for his own? Had he given Star the exact same aura to test us both again? It didn’t matter, I wouldn’t let her get away from me or allow Morning Star to have her. 
Star was mine and would always be mine for as long as I could hold a thought and memory. Chosen or not, even if it would be for one night only, I would make it one memorable night. A night that would ironically end with us dying together…like two star-crossed lovers in a ridiculous romance novel. 
Had this been the gift the angels mentioned? Another chance? A chance to have what I so greatly wanted so very long ago at one time and paid the ultimate price for? No, not if she was going to be a divine warrior, which would just be another cruelty, not a gift. 
I didn’t know what to think and I supposed none of it mattered now. Star was a unique and completely different girl. I found that out from past observation and by simply being with and talking to her. 
There had to be another reason her aura matched that of Eve’s. Apparently, this other rogue legion also knew the same, which meant it was being led by an original angel who had existed at the time all of this went down too. Why didn’t his name ring a bell though? Had he changed it, maybe?
Edanai ghosted in, already reclining on the couch in a cross legged manner with a smirk on her tanned, oval face.
“I was actually about to summon you when you rang.” Edanai joked first.
“I take it you’ve met her then?” I answered.
I had set a teapot of water to boil on the stove to make a mixture of chamomile and passion flower tea. Tea calmed me mentally and physically, and I needed it right now. 
Edanai hopped off the couch and joined me in the kitchen, hopping up on the kitchen counter before she spoke.
“Yeah I met her. I see why you’re enthralled. She’s beautiful but she’s definitely scary.” She told me and laughed.
I looked up at her in question.
“What do you mean, scary?”
“She scares easily. I put a tarantula on her just to see if she could see it at all at first. It was nothing dangerous. She did see it, in fact, she felt it too. She’s the typical girly type but that’s what you’re attracted to, I suppose. And you’re right, she could sense me and I think she was afraid because she was rushing to leave the laundry place shortly after I started talking to her.” Edanai explained.
I pursed my lips and shook my head. Leave it to Edanai to do something like that. I should have known.
“Don’t mess with her like that. Did you introduce yourself?”
She looked surprised at my protectiveness and then smirked, “Sorry. I tried to but she really wanted to get out of there. I can’t believe you gave her one of your feathers and you still stand before me.”
“How did you know that?”
She gave me a playful scolding look. “She had it with her, on the inside of her jacket.”
That bit of news actually made me smile. “She did?”
“I wouldn’t lie to you about that. You really know how to skirt the borderline of the rules, Cam. Let’s see… the feather, she’s seen your tattoos, you’re this tall, dark, mysterious, and gorgeous guy who shows up out of nowhere. She’s gonna figure it all out eventually but I guess you already know that.” She smiled.
“She may call out Drakael before she figures me out.”
She opened her mouth and gasped. “What makes you think that?” She wanted to know.
“I know the look and how it starts, plus he’s been healing her.”
Edanai nodded, still stunned that I would say that in regard to Drakael but she knew exactly what I meant.
“Healing her? How is that fair?”
“He says he had permission but I doubt that included having lunch with her and discussing the finer points of how to spot and avoid a demon.” I clarified.
Edanai raised both brows, “What? Uh-oh — shame on Drakael.” She then clucked her tongue.
“Well, he can’t say he didn’t know or he wasn’t warned. Maybe I’ll get another chance to talk to her tonight.”
“Maybe.” I replied.
She looked at me and paused.
Edanai always knew when something was bothering me and she waited for me to speak, but I didn’t.
“What’s wrong, Cam? What happened?” Her face was serious now.
I produced two, plain, white porcelain cups with saucers, a small bowl of mint leaves, and sugar and cream. I then put the tea leaves in the bottom of each cup and proceeded to pour the hot water into each one, allowing them to steep. I heard Edanai sigh at my silence. I took my time before I spoke but I didn’t begin until I had finished preparing my tea the way I liked it, with a hint of mint and cream.
“I summoned Berith not long ago and she was just here.” I said blowing at the steam before taking a sip.
Edanai narrowed her amethyst eyes at me and an instant annoyance flashed a spark in them. “I thought I caught a whiff of decayed funk in here. Are you kidding me? How could you, Cam? Where did she go? What did she say?”
I pursed my lips. “Don’t worry. You may not be seeing her for a while or at all for that matter anymore,” I told her.
Edanai’s eyes widened. “What? Why? Did you kill her?” Edanai grinned.
I didn’t share the humor and the smile faded from her lips.
“Not me. Morning Star may have though.”
Edanai was silent, looking down into her tea cup in thought. “Why would he do that? Because she met with you?” She asked.
“Probably.” I said moving to the couch in front of the fireplace.
Edanai joined me with her own cup not long after.
“If you’re about to tell me that she sacrificed herself, knowing that she’d be killed by telling you something in particular then I’m going to vomit and it won’t be pretty. I hope you didn’t fall for the whole dramatic act.” She pointed.
“I didn’t say anything like that and I didn’t fall for anything.” I replied flatly.
She studied me with concern, trying to gauge the level of my sorrow and emotions, which she was very good at but I think I stumped her this time.
“Are you going to tell me what happened and what she said or not? That is why you summoned me isn’t it?” She then asked softly, sitting down next to me on the couch.
I paused to take a long sip of tea.
“I would tell all of you to stay away from this music show tonight but I know that you won’t, so if you and the others decide to go, be very careful and keep your eyes open. There are going to be angels, divine warriors, and Morning Star’s top minions there, as well as dark divine ones he’s stolen and recruited who will either be at or in this show, and posing as band members. I’m only telling you all this because I don’t want any accidental killings on either side that will set off a whole new war. I don’t want to risk any of you for any reason.” I began.
“You’re not going?” Edanai asked.
“I hadn’t planned on it but it was requested of me. Drakael told me I was to bring Star there by ten tonight.” I told her.
She was silent, her eyes were round in temporary shock.
“Are you serious? Wow, Morning Star is going all out. I mean her aura is incredibly bright and strong, I’m not even sure what to make of it myself. She’s definitely different than most of the other chosen that’s for sure but why does Drakael want you to bring her there? Doesn’t that defeat the purpose of keeping her safe if Morning Star is hosting this event?”
I sighed, tapping my fingers on the side of my cup, finally finishing the rest of the tea and then set the cup on the coffee table.
“She’s going to end up dying there, Edanai. Isn’t that obvious?” I finally breathed, not even wanting to say it.
Her lips parted slightly in surprise.
“How can you be sure of that?”
I gave her a wry look. “Call it a hunch. Drakael claims he didn’t know how or when she will die, that was bull. Their side has known all along, and in some sick way they want me to play a part in it.” I said bitterly, feeling anger begin to boil at the thought. I stopped myself, taking in a deep meditative breath. I didn’t want to be angry, not before my date with Star.
“For what purpose, Cam? That wouldn’t make any sense and as much as you despise him, he wouldn’t have lied to you, he can’t. I don’t think she will die there. That’s my hunch speaking.” Edanai said as she took a sip of her tea.
I glanced over at her.
“Really?”
“Really,” She said with conviction.
I stood up and began to pace behind the couch. I motioned an index finger towards the stone fireplace, re-igniting the fire that had been burning earlier and it roared back to life, bathing the room in a soft orange flickering glow.
“That isn’t the only thing. I mean, there’s more but I’m not going to share what I don’t want you to get involved with.” I then began.
“Well too bad. If it concerns you, then I’m in it no matter what you say, especially if it’s someone trying to hurt you. If you think you’ve survived this long without me, you’re crazy and that goes for all of the others too, so spill it…all of it.” Edanai demanded as she turned to face me, crossing her arms over the back of the couch.
I couldn’t help but smile despite my mood.
I sent a quick telepathic message to Rahab, Ryziel, Macai, and Nayrez first, and then to all the others about going to the music event. Of course, Ryziel and Rahab were still all for going. Ryziel loved a good fight. They looked forward to the end of the world and this final battle with enthusiasm and anticipation, especially the opportunity to finally have a go at kicking Morning Star’s ass and destroying him altogether. I admit that the thought of finally having that opportunity, excited me too.
I’d never felt any kind of apprehension let alone hesitation in telling Edanai anything that I felt she needed to know before but I was feeling it now, and I didn’t know how to begin. I had to prepare myself for her tirade and anger, though it wouldn’t be anything I hadn’t seen or experienced before.
“I need to tell you something,” I finally began.
She gave me her full attention, yet she was suspicious.
“I don’t like the sound of that. Nothing that starts off that way is any good news.” Edanai said as she sat up straighter.
“It could be good or bad, depending on how you take it, I guess.” I told her, moving around the couch and sitting in the arm chair across from her.
She eyed me with an examining look. 
“This was before your existence. I didn’t tell you the truth as to why I fell.”
She narrowed her amethyst eyes at me.
“Okay…” She said in a tone that urged me to go on and that she was going to wait until I finished before cursing me out.
I paused, wondering if even telling her this would matter or prove relevant. It didn’t but I didn’t want her to find out an embellished lie through Morning Star’s telling of events, if that had come to pass one day and I was no longer around.
“I fell — trying to seduce Eve because I wanted her.” I began. I watched her facial expression change from suspicious to curious but no anger yet.
“Morning Star had already been cast out long before and he made his dominion in the spirit realm where it lies today. He wanted her too, but she ignored and turned down all of his covert offers of putting the means for power and riches right in front of her…at first. I don’t think it mattered to her since she was one of the only two humans on this planet at that time.   
None of us were able to possess either one of them since they were perfect beings, so I did the obvious and took the form of Adam while he was away hunting, so I could make love to her, just once. I think in the end she knew I wasn’t him but either way it didn’t matter because I was swiftly summoned away before it went past all the kissing and fondling. While I was being banished and punished for my actions and deceit, Morning Star took the form of the snake and did what he could to hurt her. Lying and tricking her since he couldn’t have her physical body had been his master plan, and by virtue of him including Adam in his offer, she took the bait.” 
I heard her inhale sharply but she didn’t reply yet. Her eyes turned towards the fireplace in deep thought. I instantly regretted telling her any of this and suddenly, I wasn’t even sure why I had. It had nothing to do with what we had shared between us a long time ago. With Edanai, my feelings had been true and genuine and they still were. I cared about her more than myself. I didn’t want her to mistrust or hate me. 
“So the whole story about you helping that family by showing your true self to would be murderers, and then rendering them fearful and insane because you favored them and their children, was a lie?” She then said. 
I could only nod a yes with a tad of chagrin. It was what demons did best I supposed, thinking to myself at how stupid that was. Even more so, that Edanai had actually believed what I had originally told her. 
She licked her lips and paused again. Then, she suddenly burst into laughter. I looked at her in surprise. 
“I should have known. So what else have you lied to me about?” She chuckled some more.
“Nothing. I had my reasons. I didn’t want you to think badly of me in that regard because I didn’t sin out of vanity or self-gain, or even arrogance. It was out of naivety and stupidity because I knew better. I spent a long time hanging out with Morning Star and the others who had fallen while waiting for the earth to populate so we could really play with the humans the way we wanted them. Just knowing that the next thousands of generations of females were all connected to Eve genetically, had been enticing enough for the both of us. Yes, I continued to sin with human women but I refrained from producing Nephilim like all the others were beginning to do because I knew that that in itself was the ultimate blaspheme. I waited an extremely long time but the shame, anger, loneliness, and lust was too overpowering for me to suppress and hold back.” I confessed.
“Did you actually have feelings for her or did you just want to do her?” Edanai asked flatly and accusatory, though her eyes remained fixated on the fireplace.
I was prepared for her rebuke and the way she said it was the equivalent to a hard slap in the face.
I took my time answering that. I wasn’t going to lie to her anymore about it.
“Both.”
She turned to look at me again and I wasn’t sure how to read her expression.
“I never understood that part of you, Cam, at least not at first. Why put yourself through the torture of wanting something you can’t and aren’t supposed to have when you could have any immortal woman of your choosing and not have to risk losing her?”
   I turned away from her, suddenly feeling guilty. I knew this confession was a bad idea and now I had to deal with where she was taking it. I didn’t know how to answer that because I didn’t know the answer. It was just how I’ve always felt.
Why our romance so long ago fell cold and buried, yet we remained friends and cared about one another deeply, I couldn’t explain to her. Edanai would always be around, I imagined, and so would I but that was it, nothing more could become of or gotten from our relationship. I certainly didn’t want to start birthing imps. It wouldn’t have happened anyway. The light in me would not allow me to reproduce with Edanai.
“I know now that you want what most of us wanted and paid the price for trying to have. I don’t think it was that we wanted to have and experience it, it was because we wanted to have and experience it with beings that were off limits, and they are off limits for a reason.”
I sighed. She was right.
“What you did wasn’t out of stupidity or naivety— well, stupidity because you didn’t think you’d be seen or caught by Elohim. We were all idiots. And yes, I am hurt that you didn’t tell me the truth but I know why you didn’t. Disobedient or not, I think that’s what sets you apart from the majority of the fallen, Cam. It could be the very reason that you alone are still allowed to hold light. But is that the only reason you want this girl? Because she reminds you of Eve or because you actually want her?” Edanai then asked and it surprised me.
“I didn’t even realize that her aura was the same as Eve’s until Berith revealed it. She’s nothing like Eve.”
Edanai smirked.
“What about when she becomes a divine?”
“My feelings for her won’t change.”
“You’re sure about that?”
“That is the only thing I can be sure of, aside from keeping her out of Morning Star’s hands. Whatever he has planned for her won’t be without benefit to him, regardless of why he really wants her. The only way to stop that is to ensure that she does make it to being rebirthed and not be taken by him or this other rogue legion, because they will keep her mortal long enough to serve their own purposes. I can’t allow that to happen.” I explained.
“Elohim won’t let it happen.” Edanai replied.
“She will still have her free will Edanai.”
She pursed her lips and nodded as if she had temporarily forgotten that point.
“You have our help without question but how will all that matter anyway? She is going to die. All the divine have to go through it, it’s part of their metamorphosis to immortality and it’s been that way since the beginning. After that, she is out of our hands and becomes the enemy.”
“She doesn’t have to be an enemy.”
“We don’t have power over that. It is what it is and we can’t change it. She will become a demon slayer, Cam`ael, and she will be skilled and strong enough to slay us all then. Just because you are hard to kill via your light, doesn’t mean it’s impossible.”
“All we need to do is respect and continue to steer clear of them, just as we have been doing for centuries in the spirit plane. Keep to the neutral grounds near my dwelling and the upper mountainous areas. They’ve never pursued those in our legion before, so nothing will change just because she will join them soon.”
I’ve killed my share of divine warriors in the past but only in self-defense. I didn’t want to have to resort to that, knowing that they were favored by Elohim, so I did what I could to avoid them altogether. That was why I couldn’t understand why I was to be there tonight with so many around. This was going to be brutal and ugly and many would be destroyed, I just knew it. I won’t be able to stop myself from reacting with humans around or not.
“I know you, Cam. You won’t be able to stay away from her even then if you truly feel the way you say you do about her, which means you may get yourself killed. I have to wonder though, this isn’t like you at all to get all personal and open yourself up like this to anyone, even me. That makes me worry about you. No one gives a confession like that unless they’re on their death beds.” She eyed me, standing up and moving up behind me. I felt her hand gently touch my back, sliding up to my shoulder in comfort. I smiled at her concern when I turned to face her. She looked up at me, trying to read into my eyes. I knew Edanai.
If she only knew. Don’t worry about me. I’m going to be taken out of the equation, I wanted to say but I opted not to respond to that at all. What I was telling her was more for the rest of them to understand and follow, since I would no longer exist soon. I wasn’t going to tell Edanai my plans to kill Star tonight myself. She would scold and try to stop me, and I didn’t need any interference from her, or Rahab, or anyone else.
More importantly, I didn’t want them to be there and witness me being smote by Elohim either. I couldn’t do that to her, to them; encouraging them to do what I did and lose all hope in giving up and giving in to the new earth and its possible new ruler.
“Don’t you dare!” She said punching me in the chest. I playfully pretended that it made me falter back, coughing and rubbing my chest, feigning to be hurt.
I could see the sorrow in her eyes.
“Don’t I dare what?” I teased her with a smirk this time, playfully pulling her up towards me for a quick kiss on her forehead.
“I gotta go. Remember what I said about tonight.” I pointed to her as I headed back up the stairs to bathe and change.
I could feel Edanai’s eyes on my back the entire time.
“Cam, she’s a virgin...maintain some self-control.” She called out to me once I hit the landing.
“Who me or her?” I grinned, glancing down at her and giving her a glowing eyed, mischievous wink.

XVIII: Starling

It was already going on six o’clock now. Given how long we had been circling the parking lot to find a space, I knew it was going to be a long while because of the crowd and traffic, and then trying to make it back in time to get ready for my date. I was glad I decided on dressing ahead and being ready for my date with Cam for this reason.
I spent extra time on my hair, make-up, and added perfume, choosing an off the shoulder, form-fitting, slinky, royal purple tunic dress with black lace tights, and calf length black boots with heels. I couldn’t wait to see Cam again, feeling butterflies in the pit of my stomach just thinking about him. I was nervous and it wasn’t just the date, but the things I wanted to observe and ask as well and not knowing what he’d say…or do.
Joel’s eyes nearly popped out of his skull when he saw me, since he rarely saw me all dolled up like this. I felt badly about it though because he also seemed a bit jealous at the thought of me going out with someone else, even if we were just friends. But regardless, I pondered my bucket list and wanted badly to bring up the question that had been on my mind, and probably his for a while, during the drive downtown.
“He must be some guy ‘cause damn, you look hot tonight.”  He commented with a grin.
I smiled at his handsome face. He wore his contacts again.
“Thanks.”
“Is he gonna meet you here?” Joel asked.
“Yeah, I’m gonna call him in a bit and see if he doesn’t mind.”
He looked over at me, his dark, almond-shaped eyes roving down my thighs and bare skin through the lace of my stockings.
“I don’t think he’ll have a problem finding you in this crowd.” Joel then said.
He was making me blush now.
It was silent and my heart raced with flirtatious anticipation after his compliment. 
“Logan told me about Professor Phillips. Did you know?” I then asked.
He blew out a sigh. “Yeah, there was an e-mail they sent out. I think they’ve already gotten a substitute to take his place for the rest of the fall semester and they’re not sure he’ll be back at all. That’s pretty fucked up, I feel bad for him and his family.” Joel said shaking his head.
“Yeah, me too.”
Joel turned down the music on the stereo system to create a momentary silence, as if we were both taking a moment of silence for Professor Phillips and his ordeal out of respect. Bringing that up made me think of my bucket list and I chewed my bottom lip before speaking again.
“Hey, let me ask you something.”
“Shoot.”
I took a moment to figure out what I would ask him first. 
“If you knew you were going to die tomorrow — what would you do today?”
He appeared confused. “What? What brought that on?” he chuckled.
“Just a hypothetical question.”
He thought and shrugged a shoulder. “I don’t know — a lot of things, I guess.”
“Name three.” 
“Three things?” he repeated with a smile, pretending to think hard about it.
“Hmm, well I think I’d take all the money I had and go somewhere I’d never been before for one.” He began.
“Okay.”  
“Then…I don’t know. It’s kind of hard for me to say, I guess because I think we should all be living as if that were the case. My mom always says we’re not promised tomorrow, which is true.”
“I agree.” I nodded.
“What about you?” He looked over at me with a smirk.
“Same thing as you for one, and then I’d donate all my money to worthy organizations like the homeless and the hungry, and then…” I lingered off.
He turned to look at me with expectation.
I felt myself blushing red hot already, and I was unable to look him in the eye because I wasn’t sure what he would think of me if I said it but —here goes.
I glanced over at him. “I would want you… to — be my first.” I said quickly, refocusing my gaze straight ahead.
The tires screeched to a dead halt and we were both thrown forward a bit, caught by our seatbelts. At first I thought maybe Joel was avoiding hitting the car in front of us or even stopping in time for the red light, but that hadn’t been the case.
I shocked him, chuckling inside to myself though my entire face burned. I couldn’t believe I just said that even if I meant it.
“Say what?” He was definitely stunned, his mouth agape when he looked at me.
I turned around in my seat to look behind us at the honking car that Joel didn’t seem to be bothered by.
“You’d better go before you start a brawl.” I joked.
He commenced to drive again but he kept glancing at me more than the road, which made me nervous because the closer we got to the venue traffic became stop and go.
“Did you just say what I think you just said?” He asked again.
“Uh-huh.” I said, suddenly feeling too embarrassed to look at him.
Crap. I think I made it uncomfortable between us now. What was I thinking in telling him that, and here I was about to go out with another guy too? That was cruel.
There was a pause between us and I still refused to look over at him, though I could tell he was looking at me from time to time.
“Are you playing with me?” he asked softly.
“I wouldn’t. Not about that.” I said, still not looking at him.
“I’m shocked.”
I suddenly took offense and narrowed my eyes at him. “What do you mean, shocked?” I frowned.
“Huh? Oh, no not about that. I meant that… I had no idea that you were thinking of me like that. I guess I always thought you wanted to stay friends.”
“I do.”
His brows furrowed. “Wait, you said you wanted me to be your first but you wanna stay friends?” He repeated.
“Yeah…well, I don’t know.” 
He exhaled slowly. “Wow, you…you really have me reeling with that one. I mean, here you are looking all fine and about to go out with some other dude. I’ve known you for the past year and a half and…I don’t even know what to say.” He stumbled over his words.
“It was just hypothetical, Joel, I don’t plan on dying tomorrow.” I told him, and immediately regretted even saying those words what with all that’s happened in the past two days.
He looked over at me again, not believing that entirely and trying to figure out if I were truly serious. I noticed him shift in his seat several times too, and I tried not to even venture my gaze there but I think he was definitely thinking about it now.
“Well, if we’re being honest then I won’t lie to you. I’ve thought about it more than once, In fact, I’m thinking about it right now, thanks a lot. But you know for me, I care about you too much and I couldn’t go there with you unless I knew it was gonna be more than that. I can’t do the friends with benefits thing with you, it wouldn’t be enough.”
I looked over at him, stunned, and feeling myself tear up. He was completely serious, I could tell, and I suddenly felt guilty that— yes, I was about to go out with another guy, and here he was confessing his true feelings to me.
I sighed. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have even brought it up or said anything about it. Now it’s gonna be awkward.” 
Joel pulled over and parked the car, unbuckled his seatbelt, and then leaned over with a hand to my cheek. He moved in close, his full lips inches from mine. 
I could feel his warm breath on my bottom lip as his brushed mine barely, before a hard thump, strong enough to rock the car from the outside of the driver’s side door, threw him forward and we bumped heads.
“Ow!” I cupped a hand over my forehead.
“What the fu…” Joel rubbed his own forehead and turned around to open the driver’s side door, thinking someone had broadsided him and ran.
“What happened?” I asked.
He got out and stood up, looking around at the traffic slowly rolling by us.
After a few moments, he got back into the car, annoyed, and shifted into drive after flipping his turn signal.
“I didn’t see anything, no dent or scratch, and that cop back there told me to move along ‘cause we can’t park here. No shit. Are you okay? I’m sorry.” He said examining my forehead.
I didn’t know if he were more upset about that strange discovery, someone possibly hitting his car and running, or not completing our tender moment and kiss.
“I’m fine. It wasn’t your fault. It felt like someone hit us though.”
“I know but there’s nothing there.”
That was randomly weird timing, just as Joel was about to kiss me.
I wondered if he would try again later.
Finally finding a parking space put us at six thirty, and I immediately scrolled my phone list for Cam’s number where I had saved it and called him. Joel understood, though I could tell he was agitated by the thought, given our recent conversation.
He stepped away and waited patiently for me while I turned my back to him and waited for Cam to answer.
He answered on the second ring and upon immediately hearing his rich, deep voice —waves of both excitement and arousal coursed and pulsed through me, all the way down to my toes.
“Hi Cam, it’s Star.”
“Hey, is everything okay?” He asked.
“Oh, yeah of course. Um, I know we didn’t plan on going to the rock concert but I told my friend that I’d meet her here for support. I didn’t plan on being here long, so I wondered if you wouldn't mind picking me up here instead?” I asked.
“You’re at the concert, now?” He asked as if he were surprised to hear that.
“Yeah, well it’s more of the pre-show stuff right now. I know I probably should’ve called you sooner. I’m sorry.”
“No, don’t apologize. It’s okay. I can be there within the next twenty minutes. You’re not there by yourself, are you?” He then asked, like I had no business being here by myself.
“No. I’m actually looking for my friend, China right now. I came here with another friend, and FYI, the traffic is lousy here. It’s pretty packed, so just call me when you get here, and I’ll meet you near the north entrance because it’ll take you forever to find me otherwise.”
There was a slight pause. I hope he wasn’t annoyed by the slight change in plans.
“Traffic won’t be a problem for me. I’m on my way, so I’ll see you in a little bit.” He replied.
I smiled, relieved. “Okay. Bye.” I tapped the end call icon.
I couldn’t wait to see him again.
Several streets were blocked off by police cars or traffic cones, detour signs, and barricades, which left the only two lanes left open for traffic, jam packed. A large stage sat in the middle of all the activities, while stage hands and sound techs put together and tested out the sound system. An array of booths and kiosks from t-shirts, novelties, all sorts of grilled foods, drinks, beer, band souvenirs, Halloween novelties with band logos, and just about every local radio station in the city hosting contests for prizes, had been set up in neat rows packed with fans gathered all around.
The smell of barbecue, grilled corn, and onions saturated the air surrounded by the thumping of drums and wailing of guitars from a DJ manned booth, somewhere amid the setup. 
I hated crowds like this. Not meaning the rock music fans dressed in leather and spikes, Goth gear, and piercings in places that made me cringe in particular, but the whole elbow to elbow thing.
I already regretted telling China that I’d meet her here. It’d be a miracle if I could even find her in this crowd. I was about to text her anyway to let her know that me and Joel were here so we could meet up, when Joel grabbed my hand and stopped me before we began to merge into the crowd and look around.
“Hey, if it doesn’t work out with this guy, I wanna pick up where we left off…minus the head-butt. I’m serious.” He said with a chuckle, looking down at me and brushing my cheek with his finger.
“Oh. Okay.” Was all that came out of my mouth before I could even think of the words to tell him that it would be pointless, especially dealing with the constant danger of demons. I would never want to put him in potential harms way.
He was just about to lean down and kiss me again, when I heard someone calling my name.
Joel sighed and mumbled with annoyance after I pulled away and began to look around, searching the faces of the crowd for the source but seeing no one familiar yet. I suddenly snickered to myself. I guess it just wasn’t meant to happen.
“Star! Hey Joel! Star!” Someone was calling and waving again.
China finally emerged from the crowd with an excited smile on her face and two other girls from her media communications class in tow.
We both waved as they all jogged towards us. 
“Perfect timing,” Joel grumbled with pursed lips.
I smiled at him.
“Man, you know there’s gonna be some fools tonight. I can smell the alcohol from here.” Joel then commented after looking around and spying several guys starting a mosh pit near some makeshift bon fire thing.
“Yeah, I don’t regret not staying at all.” I replied, watching them rough house each other and obnoxiously curse out loud.
“That barbecue sure smells good though.” Joel patted his stomach with a smile, looking down the walk path to the right.
“How hungry are you?” I asked him, spying the line that nearly wound down the wide walkway, teeming with people.	
“Damn, not that hungry.” Joel joked with a hand to the small of my back. He led the way in order to guide us through the throng, so I wouldn’t have to brush up against anyone.
We met up with China and she took a step back to check out my outfit with an approving smile and nod.
“Hotness, girl! Damn, look at you! I didn’t think you were coming since it was getting late. Is he picking you up here?” She asked with a twinkle in her green eyes.
“I know. I couldn’t decide what to wear and time got away from me. Yeah, he’ll be here soon.” I nodded.
She gasped and squealed giddily, “I can’t wait! He’s gotta be smoking for you of all people, to fuss over what to wear.” China snickered.
I pursed my lips even though she was right.
“That’s what I said.” Joel commented.
“Hey, Joel. Steve and some of the other guys are over by the beer kiosk. He told me to tell you to get in line with them because they’re near the front already. They have another guy holding a place for them near the front of the pork barbecue sandwich line too if you’re hungry.” China thumbed behind her in the direction they had come from. 
Picking up on the potentially awkward scenario, she was coming to my rescue and I appreciated it. We were so in sync, that was why she was my best friend.
“For real? Well…” Joel’s eyes widened. I could literally hear him salivate upon mention of both beer and food.
“Go, I’ll be with China. Have fun.” I told him, suppressing a smile.
He bit his lip and hesitated for a moment. “Alright, I’ll be back. You want something?”
“No.”
“Okay.” He said giving me a quick kiss on the cheek.
“Ooh la la, what was that about?” China teased, apparently having picked up on the difference in the way Joel looked at me.
“Nothing.” I waved off.
“Uh-huh. Well, this is Laura and Avery, guys this is my roommate and bestie, Star.” China introduced us.
“Hi.” I waved.
“Hello.” Avery smiled.
“Hi, I love that color and that dress, it looks good on you.” Laura complimented.
“Thank you.”
“Star is gorgeous isn’t she?” China bragged on me.
She was making me blush.
“So when and where is your interview gonna be, and who’s the lucky band again?” I asked.
China glanced at her watch, and then waved a press card in a plastic covered lanyard around her neck. “Fire Raiser and soon, I hope. I don’t wanna miss the show. It’s somewhere backstage where the tour buses are parked. I wish you were staying. It really looks like it’s gonna be kick ass, even if you don’t like the music.”
“I didn’t say I didn’t like rock, it’s just not my preference in music but we’ll see. He may decide to stay for a bit.”
“Well come on, let’s go get in line with Steve too. I could use a beer for my nerves. Where is he meeting you?” She asked.
“Near the front entrance. I don’t want to stray too far since this area isn’t as crowded.”
“Okay, well let’s at least get a beer or something first. I’ll introduce you to some people, and then I’ll walk you back here and wait with you.”	
It took forever to push through the hordes of people who were either trolling the booths, playing games for prizes, hosted by WCUUL radio, or standing in a line for food and drinks. The music, conversation, and laughter all around us was deafening. We all had to shout to talk to each other. There were people of all ages and all walks, some people had even brought their young children. Not a smart thing to do for this kind of venue, I thought to myself.
I glanced at my phone every now and again, in case Cam had called or texted me while we walked but so far, he hadn’t yet.
China’s phone played its melodic chime and she glanced at the display with a wide grin. “Hang on, this is it!” She said excitedly as she answered it.
I glanced around at the booths and kiosks while she conversed with whoever it was on the other end with enthusiasm, mentioning that they’d be right over, and what entrance did they need go into.
“Yes! That was Fire Raiser’s manager. They’re ready for the interview… oh yeah! Hey guys, they’re ready for us, let’s go!” China finally ended the call, and then waved to Avery and Laura.
“Now? Oh, well I guess I’ll wait with Joel here then.” I pointed back towards the entrance.
“Wait with Joel? That’ll be tacky, not to mention killing Joel softly, girl. I’ll wait with you. Lauren and Avery can go ahead of me, I’ll catch up with them shortly. Don’t worry, I’ve got Steve and his gang to escort me, so I won’t be alone. Let me text him to get me a beer too. Damn, I’m not gonna get a chance to meet…oh my God —holy, hot damn.” China trailed off in mid-text while looking over my head with her mouth open. Laura, Avery, and half the damn girls behind her also followed suit next, so I turned around to see what all the gawking and pause had been for —thinking it may have been one of the bands strolling through.
Instantly, my heart began to throb and the dancing butterflies began to flutter wildly in my belly. Cam was heading towards us— tall, dark, perfectly styled mussed hair, muscular broad and solid body, fitting perfectly in the black, form-fitting shirt he wore, which clung to and hugged the muscular ridges and bulges in his arms, chest, and abdomen, like a second skin. The dark blue jeans he wore were faded a bit on the thigh areas and hung relaxed on his narrow waist. They had to have been custom made to fit that perfectly on him, given his height. 
Though I found myself swooning and drooling too, I suddenly wondered how the hell he had gotten here and found me so fast.
He was smiling his perfect, white, prince charming smile and that made him even more captivating and beautiful. I hated that all these other girls were staring at him like that too, soon to be staring at us when we left together.
His gorgeous indigo blue and dark green eyes gazed me from head to toe as he moved in beside me with a gentle hand on my back. The static was back —just as I figured it would be, but I ignored it… even though it was affecting my dress and hair.
“Wow, you look beautiful. You weren’t hard to find at all. Are you ready?” He asked.
Damn, he even smelled good too. I inhaled and took cautious mental note of that.
“Thank you. Yeah…that was quick.” I nodded, almost forgetting that China was standing there.
“I told you, traffic isn’t a problem for me.” He smiled.
I wasn’t sure I believed that, but…well, he was here.
“Oh, this is my best friend and roommate, China, and her friends Laura and Avery. This is Cam.” I finally snapped out of admiring him and introduced them.
God, they were all still gaping as if he truly were a rock star or an athlete, and no, I couldn’t blame them. Cam waved and flashed a gorgeous smile.
“Nice to meet all of you.” He replied.
China moved in close to me and whispered sharply in my ear.
“He’s a cop? I bet he’s freaking hot in his uniform, no wonder you couldn’t resist. Where the hell did you find him and does he have any brothers? Shit, Star, that’s a lot of delicious man and…uh…take it slow because he may be too much for you to handle and take for a starter.” She said jokingly and I knew what she meant.
I gasped and playfully punched her arm. “I can’t believe you just said that.” I whispered back.
“Ouch — what?” She laughed and grabbed her arm.
I gave her a wry look, glancing over at Cam, who didn’t seem to be paying attention to us at the moment since Laura and Avery had begun a conversation with him. He sure was smirking as if he probably did hear China, and I blushed. 
 “Oh, hi Steve.” I waved looking behind China.
“Steve who?”
I nudged her in the ribs.
I was messing with her. He wasn’t there but he could have been and she knew what I was getting at.
“I thought you guys had to go?” I reminded her.
“Go where?” China smiled looking up at Cam.
“I’ll see you tonight. Be careful and don’t forget to roll your tongue in off the ground.” I joked, giving her a hug.
She giggled. “I want every single detail. You guys are so cute together. You’re like the jolly green giant and sprout. How tall is he anyway?” She whispered with a wide smile.
“Funny. I don’t know, maybe six five, six seven?” I replied.
“Damn. Yeah, I’m guessing at least six eight because Steve is six two himself and he would totally tower over him. Nice.”
She was right. Even in heels, my face was literally level with Cam’s chest.
I hoped he didn’t have slow dancing in mind, unless he brought a ladder for me. 
“Wait.” I stopped her before she turned to leave, seeing as Laura and Avery probably weren’t in any hurry to go just yet either. They were both still in conversation with Cam, and he obliged politely while other girls — and some guys gawked as they passed by. Some even snapped pictures of him on their cell phones. Maybe they thought he played professional basketball, too.
“What?” China’s eyes twinkled.
“What do the tattoos on his hands look like to you?” I asked her.
She looked over at Cam’s hands and her expression reminded me of Logan’s similar confused look, searching for something they couldn’t see.
“On his hands? Where? I don’t see any tattoos.” China replied, perplexed.
I had the confirmation that I needed in that regard. “Never mind. I’ll see you tonight but don’t wait up.”
“A tatted cop? Rawr…I knew you were a closet freak, Star. Hang on, let me get a quick picture of you two together.” China laughed and insisted.
I rolled my eyes and suppressed a smile, shaking my head.
Apparently, Cam had tattoos on his hands that no one else but me could see and they resembled the demon cops tattoos, which only meant one thing.
I began to feel somewhat apprehensive about going anywhere with him alone. I wondered where we would be going on our date anyway, wishing we could just stay here —what with so many other people around. At the same time, I wanted to ask him some things in private that may not have been ideal here either.
I already knew there was something supernatural about him, I just wasn’t sure which side he was a part of yet. Drake seemed to be the one ‘following me around,’ the way Ms. Hawthorne had described. I came to that conclusion given the way he would show up in random places, and how soundlessly he moved but he’s been healing me.
A being trying to hurt me wouldn’t bother to do that.
“Okay, count of three…one, two…” China began while holding her cell phone up to take the picture.
I groaned internally as Cam moved in next to me, willingly obliging with a smile to pose with an arm around my shoulders. I put an arm around his muscularly tight and firm waist, noting how warm and good he felt against my body.
“Three.” China said as the flash went off.
“Gorgeous. You two look good together!” Avery commented as she and Laura leaned in to look at the picture.
I was curious, wondering if the aura China claimed to see around me would be there. I couldn’t wait to see the picture myself.
“Let me see it.”
“I just sent it to you.” China smiled with a perplexed expression while looking at the display of her phone.
My curiosity was driving me crazy now, especially seeing her face. Why didn’t she seem as enthused as Avery and Laura over how good it turned out?
“Oh, okay.” I said slowly.
 “Send it to me too.” Cam leaned in to tell me.
I looked up at him and smiled then glanced down at my phone display, seeing China’s MMS picture message downloading.
“Hey, you must be Officer Cam. I’m Joel Carson, a close friend of Star’s.” Joel voice cut in from behind us suddenly.
I looked up and turned around, surprised to see Joel had sidled up beside us, holding his hand out to shake Cam’s hand and smelling of barbecue sausage and beer. He eyed Cam up and down as if he were sizing him up or something. I didn’t like the snarkiness in his tone.
Cam turned his attention to Joel and shook his hand. I was taken aback by the look Cam gave him through lowered lids and it wasn’t just because he was looking down at him either. (Joel was only five eight himself)
It was almost like he was conveying it through expression alone, that I was going to be with him tonight or something, even though he was smiling when he shook Joel’s hand.
“Nice to meet you, Joel. Just call me Cam.”
I decided not the let the introduction linger when I broke in and moved to stand on the other side of Cam and avoiding Joel’s eyes.
“Ok. Don’t you think you’re a little too old to be dating a college student, Cam?” Joel then asked.
My mouth fell open and China gasped, looking at Joel in shock and then she nudged him.
“Joel!” I was annoyed, embarrassed, and angry by his tone and comment.
“Sorry. I didn’t realize she was a minor.” Cam replied coolly.
“No, but she’s only nineteen. I’m not saying you’re old but just how old are you?” Joel rudely challenged. His dark almond eyes were fixated on Cam with a serious edge.
“Whoa Joel, quit while you’re ahead.” China did a slashing motion in front of her neck but Joel ignored her.
“Are you drunk?” I asked him with annoyance.
“Not at all,” Joel replied not taking his eyes off of Cam.
“I’m sorry, Cam. You guys have fun and be careful out here. Good night, China.” I told her and her classmates with a wave and a scowl for Joel. I took a few steps away from the group in order to hurry up and leave before a possible fight and arrest ensued.
I couldn’t believe Joel said that. It had to be either the beer, jealousy, or both, I thought.
“Night.” Cam dazzled China and the other ogling girls around us with another breath- taking smile. Then, he shot an almost cocky glare at Joel with a smirk while putting an arm around my shoulder. 
As soon as he touched me, I felt an electrical shock of both heat and lust shoot straight towards my groin and I shivered at his touch. I had to suck in a breath just to release the strong pull of passion that instantly overwhelmed me, making my pulse throb and my heart pound wildly. I felt my face flush hot, making me avoid looking up at him though I somehow I felt as if he knew exactly what effect he was having on me right now.
He guided me through the crowd, protectively leading the way and clearing a path for us towards wherever he had parked.
I could still feel everyone’s eyes on us as we walked away and my gut wrenched, wondering what must have been going through Joel’s mind too, but then I didn’t care. He ticked me off. His unexpected rudeness had been totally uncalled for.
I’d see him tomorrow and we’d talk some more about what I said and the almost kiss, if I wasn’t still angry with him.	
We passed the makeshift mosh pit where the rambunctious group was still going strong. I saw Cam glance over at them momentarily as if watching, or looking for someone. I smoothed out my dress repeatedly, the static making it cling to me awkwardly.
“Why would you apologize for him?” He then asked me.
I looked up at him as we walked. “I’m not. I mean it wasn’t like him. He’s not like that at all, usually.” I tried to explain.
“Drunk already, huh?” Cam commented.
“No, he wasn’t. We just got here and I can tell when he’s had a few but he’s not a typical drinker either.” I defended Joel.
“How old is he anyway?” Cam then asked looking down at me.
I stopped, and my eyes widened when I looked up at him. Cam was a cop and Joel was twenty.
He chuckled. “Don’t worry, I’m off duty and truthfully, I could care less. How have you been?” He then asked to change the subject first. His full attention and gorgeous eyes were locked on mine when he looked down at me.
I was shocked at his answer but I didn’t question it. I thankfully blew out a relieved breath. “Okay, I guess.” 
I said as we maneuvered our way through the crowd again.
“You guess? That doesn’t sound very convincing.”
“Yeah, I should work on that I suppose.” I joked and he laughed a little.
“Thank you for the flowers. They were beautiful and they happened to be my favorites. It’s crazy that you would know that.” I mentioned.
He coughed a little. “You’re welcome. I’m pretty good at reading people, too.” He grinned.
“Really good, actually.” I commented, flattered that he remembered parts of our conversation from the diner.
He smiled.
“So, where are we going?” I finally asked. The crowd was thinning now, the closer we got to the entrance.
“I have a place in mind that I think you’ll like. If you want, we can come back later on tonight. I see that most of your close friends are here and it seems like they really wanted you to stay, especially your friend Joel.”
So that was a macho stare he gave Joel. How in the world did he think that he needed to be jealous, looking the way he looked? God, I hoped he wasn’t that possessive, crazy kind of cop that you always see in the movies…if he even was a cop—or human, for that matter.
I eyed him out of my periphery. Though I didn’t want to come back here tonight, I thought it was nice of him to consider it.
“Maybe. But uh, Joel and I are just good friends.”
His eyes glimmered when he looked down at me. “Nothing wrong with that, I wasn’t insinuating anything.”
I waved it off. “No. I know. I was just clarifying that if he came across as rude, that’s all.”
Cam laughed. “He came across as a very protective friend.”
“He is.” I smiled in relief at his understanding of Joel’s behavior.
“You really do look beautiful tonight.” Cam complimented me again.
The butterflies began to flap around wildly again and I couldn’t help but smile up at him dreamily. 
We meandered through the parking lot, coming up on his sports car. I was ecstatic. I couldn’t wait to ride in it from the first moment I saw him get into it. He held the passenger side door open for me and I got in, buckling myself up.
I admired the custom interior leather, and the high tech sound system surrounded by all the other unique gadgets in the dashboard while he went around to the driver’s side.
Then, he paused at the door with his hand on the handle and I wondered why.
He was looking off somewhere before finally opened the door.
“Sit tight and stay in the car. I’ll be right back.” He quickly told me and he seemed both serious and angry. His jaw was working as if something or someone had just ticked him off.
“Um…okay.” I was about to ask what was wrong but he had already closed the door.
What was that all about? I wondered.
I leaned over to look out of the driver’s side window but Cam was gone…out of sight as if he had completely vanished.
There was no way that he could have moved that quickly for one. I would have been able to spot him easy, given his height, too.
Where the hell had he gone to so fast, and what was wrong?
Okay, here was possibly more proof. Maybe I’d be able to catch him in the act of something with my own eyes this time —if I knew where to look for him.
I unbuckled my seatbelt and got out of the car anyway, against his request, and scanned the parking area for him or any sign of something unusual or supernatural.
It was getting colder as if the already chilly temperature had suddenly dropped ten degrees in the last twenty minutes, or maybe it was just me.
I rubbed the sides of my arms, feeling chilled to the bone even in my thigh length pea coat.
In the distance, I could see one of the bands take the stage and then I heard them begin to address the crowd with an echo of feedback from the sound system. The roar of the crowd was loud as began to cheer and applaud.
I scanned the parking area again for Cam. Nothing but random groups of young concert goers and people scurrying to get into the show before they missed anything, all passing through the parking lot. Where the hell had Cam gone?
“You here by yourself?” I a shady voice slithered in from behind me.
I whirled around to see a guy standing about four feet from me. He was dressed in long black duster, a t-shirt with one of the bands on the front, and torn jeans with chains across each rip. His shiny black and bleach tipped hair was spiked at sharp angles, and it looked like he was wearing black lipstick. He put out his joint after blowing out a stream of smoke. I frowned with annoyance and disgust. The air around me reeked strongly of weed.
“No. I’m waiting on my date. He’ll be here in a minute.”
He smiled. It was a little hard to make out his features though, even in the lighting of the parking lot from where he stood but I didn’t need to. I didn’t like the negative energy and feeling that he was giving me as.
“Really? That’s a live ride.” He nodded at the car and then he slowly began to saunter towards me.
Why hadn’t I put my mace in this purse?
I reached behind me for the door handle and pulled up. The click of the door caused the interior lights to illuminate and he was suddenly in front of me in three strides of his long legs.
He snickered. “Relax. You’re not staying for the show?” his eyes were glazing over me from head to toe as if I were a playboy model centerfold.
My heart pounded hard in my chest. 
“No. Excuse you.” I quipped with attitude. I opened the car door a little more and that was when he reached over my shoulder, swiftly slamming it closed to keep me from opening it wider and getting inside.
I gasped, tensing and ready to fight, scream and defend myself.
The thug reached for my hair, taking his time to slide the length of a few long, spiral curls in between his fingerless gloved fingers—fingers that had black tattoos on them.
I looked at them peculiarly, automatically seeing the similarities in design as that demon cop … and Cam’s.
I slapped his hand away, though not having anywhere to go and flattening myself even more against the car to keep some space remaining in between us. I didn’t feel ill or nauseous but his vibe was all wrong to me.
“I can and I will scream very, very loudly.” I warned him.
“Feisty and tough. I figured that much. I like that.” He smirked.
“And my date is a cop.” I added, pressing myself against the car door even more, when he stepped closer, practically on top of me.
“You sure about that?” He leaned in to whisper to me while grinning malevolently.	
I didn’t know what he meant but I was prepared to knee him in the groin in the next few minutes if he didn’t back up.
“You know, I happen to be a close friend of Army Oblivion.”
“That’s great. You should go see if they need someone to clean up after them.” I replied.
He laughed. “You’re cute. They’re gonna be disappointed that you’re leaving so soon.” He then said, pushing up against and pinning me to the car door.
I opened my mouth and inhaled deeply, prepared to unleash a bloodcurdling scream while preparing my knee for a swift upward jerk.
“Ah, ah, ah my man. I wouldn’t even try it if I were you. Way too many eyes out here — way too many.” Someone suddenly informed in stern, warning tone from somewhere off to the left of us.
He turned his head in annoyance towards the source but remained crushed against me. I leaned over to get a look for myself.
Sitting on the hood of a white Camaro, and casually leaning back against the front windshield as if he were taking a nap, was a medium-built, young black guy. It was hard to see his face because he wore some sort of dark gray or white duster looking with a hood and it was pulled down low in front of his face. From the slang tone inflection of his words, he sounded like he was from the streets, too.
He then raised a fully gloved hand and threw some sort of gang sign thing in quick succession with his fingers; forming what almost looked to be the letter ‘C’, ‘H’, and ‘P’ in sign language to me. Upon seeing that though, the thug seemed to pause, cocking his head like a bird and searching the entire parking lot for something, before finally stepping away from me, slowly.
He grinned, tilting my chin up to look at him with his index finger, and then blowing me a kiss.
I really wished I had my mace or brass knuckles right about now. I was still in the perfect position and height to nail a firm chin check uppercut as well as a hard groin kick. I wondered who the other guy was. Another thug? Gang member?
Whatever he said or motioned with his strange coded hand signals had apparently been an intimidating warning of some kind. I mean, he did tell him that there were too many eyes out here but that would have been obvious to anyone. However, no one else had been around to say anything or intervene. Speaking of, where the hell was Cam?
The ‘would be’ assaulting thug began to saunter away, looking back at us once.
Then, in one smooth dismount that any gymnastics coach including myself would have given a perfect ten to, the young black guy who had been sitting on the Camaro, soundlessly leapt with agile grace to the ground. He landed in a crouch and then stood up, watching the thug until he was gone.
He was actually more built that he initially appeared to be while sitting and he was about Joel’s height.
I was still tense, adrenaline running high. How did I know this guy didn’t just want to assault me for himself? I watched him cautiously, still feeling trapped and vulnerable and thinking that I should have stayed in the car like Cam had said to do in the first place.
The young guy nodded at me with some sort of recognition, and in the lamplight of the makeshift graveled parking area, he was smiling beneath the hood of his robe, or cape, or coat thing.
“I would say to stay out of trouble but in your case, trouble is going to be finding you a lot, girl. Keep your guard up.” He chuckled with a nod of his chin. I didn’t think that last gesture had been for me because he was looking past me. I turned my head to see who it was but I didn’t notice or see anyone in particular looking in our direction.
“I’m not out here alone.” I stated, looking for Cam in the mix of several groups passing by and near the mosh pit in the distance.
He laughed. “Yeah, I know.”
He knew? His response got my attention and when I whipped my head back around to face him…he was gone. There had been no crunch of footsteps. He was absolutely nowhere in sight. That was impossible!
At first, things were getting scary and they still were, but now, it seemed like everything around me just kept getting more and more bizarre and unexplainable. It was like certain aspects of my dreams were all beginning to unfold a little at a time in some way. Drake had had been right. Apparently, I’ve been getting glimpses of what was to be in my dreams back from when I first started having them at the age of four, and now things were beginning to all sort of feel like de ja vu` for me.
That wasn’t a good thing at all because it meant that the worst was yet to come. The world would truly end the way it did in my dreams. I would become hunted and end up possibly killed by the dark angels.
I sighed and shivered with one last look around. I think I was going to take both the mysterious cloaked guy and Cam’s advice after all, feeling goose bumps despite having my coat on. I climbed back into Cam’s sports car and locked the doors.

In the next few moments that Cam still remained M.I.A, I suddenly remembered the picture of us that China took. I pulled my phone out of my purse with heart pounding, and tapped the picture to enlarge the image in the text message. It opened, vivid and as clear as day.
It was a good picture and we did look good together except for one odd thing, which apparently China had noticed too because she texted a comment underneath it: ‘See? Your aura is so bright. What are those things in the background though?’
I swallowed hard though my mouth remained dry. All around my body, it looked like a freaking white solar flare exploding outward against the scene behind us. I’ve never noticed that before in any of my pictures. Cam looked really hot, of course but it was what was behind us that made me enlarge the picture by zooming in.
I scrolled around the picture in the background behind him. I could just make out many white forms, translucent and smoky looking but with distinct human shapes. Among those shapes…were several shadows. China had seen them? Ever since her possession, she was beginning to see more and more things that she’d never seen or ever mentioned seeing before. White forms…Angels? Ghosts?
I felt hot and a quiver of nausea began to form in the pit of my stomach.
I’d had a really bad feeling about this concert now, more so than before. I didn’t want to stay here at all. I was certain that something very devastating was going to happen here tonight and a lot of my friends were here. How was I going to get in touch with all of them and try to convince them to leave? Well, for starters, I guess I could text China and then Joel, hoping they’d listen and not think I was going into creepy and crazy mode again without a good reason, other than seeing shadows here. Then they could continue to pass the message around to everyone else we or they knew. 
When I glanced back down at the picture and peered closer, I could see something else behind Cam that gave me pause and chills. I zoomed in even more and held my phone up closer to my eyes to be sure of what I was seeing.
I could have been wrong or seeing something else, but I could clearly make out a distinct shadowed, dark outline of what looked like…a pair of wings folded in behind him.
My blood turned icy even though I could feel sweat beading up on my forehead. I stared at the image for a while before having to finally look away, feeling my eyes begin to cross. I forced myself to find some other rational explanation in thinking that the silhouette behind him resembled wings but they really weren’t. It could have easily been an optical illusion, or simply a real shadow that resembled wings because my mind was already in that mode and looking to see something like that. I was already suspicious of him not being human anyway. I had learned about this kind of perception imagery, taking Psychology during my high school senior year. It was a plausible explanation and a possibility.
My fingers were trembling making it hard for me to reply to the picture text that China sent first.
Finally, I sent the text: ‘Those r shadows, don’t have good feeling, plz tell Joel and leave asa u finish ur interview, call or text me when u get hme, plz!’
I prayed that she would see this and heed my warning. Then I prayed for God to watch over them and everyone else here tonight.
I saved the picture to my phone and then resent it to Cam. It’d be interesting to hear what he’d say about it, and if he would even notice any of the shadows, ghost figures, or even my aura too without my pointing it all out to him. I looked over the picture once more, still waiting for Cam — who had essentially disappeared and abandoned me from the looks of it.
I waited for China’s return text with anxiety. I had to know that she had gotten it and that she was aware of what was going on. It would take my mind off of my impending worry for the moment. I began to go through Cam’s music collection in the console between the seats, which included industrial groups that I’ve never heard of, a few R&B artists, and …Opera? He was just full of surprises. I couldn’t envision him listening to that kind of stuff.
He scared me when he opened the driver’s side door and got in casually, as if nothing had been wrong and he hadn’t just vanished into thin air and left me for the last thirty minutes. 
I wanted to be angry, it would have been justified, but I was really relieved to see him.
I thought I had locked the doors though.
“Sorry about that. I saw some trouble brewing back there.” He simply said as he inserted the car keys, cranked the engine and it revved to life. 
The lights of the dashboard, fancy CD player, and the on board navigation system cast an inner glow inside, and I could only make out shadows of his face. I saw no sign of sweat or anything that would give way to him being in an altercation. I wondered if he were armed or had his badge and if that had been enough for him to ‘handle’ and end said altercation by simply flashing one or the other.
Surely that wouldn’t have taken more than twenty minutes though.
I thought about the thug. Everything that he said, what he wore, what he looked like, the marks on his fingers, and more importantly…what it all had been about. Who had that other peculiar guy been and why did it seem like he knew me or something? As a matter of fact, they both acted as if they did. And though it was evident that the thug had ‘ill will’ in mind, I wondered why a simple gang sign from the other guy had stopped him.
“What happened?” I asked.
“Nothing major. I took care of it. You look a little shaken up though, are you okay?” he asked me questioningly. 
I looked at him dubiously. “Why wouldn’t I be okay?”
“No reason, just checking.” He smirked.
I eyed him suspiciously. If he had wings, then where were they? He surely didn’t have them now.
Cam drove dangerously fast but with expertise, which shocked me. We managed to clear the dense line of slow moving traffic without incident or close calls. 
   I glimpsed down at Cam’s forearms for a moment to see if I could create a mental picture of what I had seen before and compare it to the demon cop.  His sleeves were rolled down though, and it was hard to see his the ones on the backs of his hands, so I would wait until later. I chewed the inside of my cheek in thought. I wasn’t sure if I even wanted to mention the almost incident to him, finally decided that I wouldn’t. There was no point in making an issue of it when there was nothing he could do about it now.
He put on some opera of his own choosing and I found it surprisingly bearable and soothing on low volume, even though I couldn’t understand Italian.
“I sent you the picture,” I told him. My heart was racing when I thought about his image again.
“Thanks.”
I cut my eyes to him but I couldn’t see anything out of the ordinary. However, the feel of the hot static he was giving off was present and even stronger than before along with his unique fresh scent.
“I’ve never really listened to opera before. What is this one about?”
He inhaled deeply and then exhaled slow and softly.
“She’s been shunned by her family. She’s saddened over the fact that she can’t have the man she wants because she was condemned as being a loose woman, simply because she fell in love with someone other than the one she was arranged to marry. They’ve branded her and now no man wants her, so she feels no other alternative than to run away and end her life.” He explained.
I paused. “That’s beautiful but tragic. Over a guy? I don’t know about that. Run away but live to love another day.”
“True but love is the most powerful emotion in the entire universe. It can bring about life or death.”
I nodded slowly in agreement. “I mean, I understand being in love with someone even though I’ve never made it to that point myself, but to have no hope of anything beyond that? I find that kind of pathetic.” I explained.
“Desire and need is a powerful combination. Sometimes, love is more mental than physical and if you’ve convinced yourself that only one person exists for you, then that’s all you see, all you know, and all you want — it becomes all-consuming,” He replied, looking over at me.
My hormones were awakening, alive with energy and begging for a release of the kindling heat within. His reply surprised me and it gave me one more reason — as if I needed anymore, to be attracted to and feel connected to him. 
I licked my lips and studied his profile closely and then went back to look at my phone, which I left on vibrate in my lap just in case China or Joel texted me back. I don’t know if he would, figuring that I was still pissed at him, but China hadn’t replied yet either. 
Should I worry? She was probably still talking to and hanging out with that band or something but I hoped Steve and the whole gang stayed with her too.
Finally, my phone buzzed. Cam’s head moved slightly, glancing over at me but he didn’t say anything.
China had texted back: ‘Seriously? OMG! Ok, I wn’t scrw w/that we’ll be lving shrtly…Joel alrdy left I thnk.’ 
I felt so relieved. I would call him later to verify. I was sure he probably did leave…hurt and angry and I felt bad and guilty about that. I should have never given him the idea that something beyond friendship was a possibility for us whether we had sex or not.
‘Ok, rmber 2 call me. Luv u.’, I texted back.
‘Luv u 2. Details!’ She replied with a smiley face.
“Everything ok?” Cam suddenly asked.
I supposed it was rude to be sitting here texting rather than speaking. I nodded with a smile. “Yeah. Sorry.” I said, putting my cell phone back in my purse.
“It’s ok.” He shrugged a shoulder.
It remained silent, save for the soft opera music playing. The more I listened to it, the more it began to grow on me; making me think of dying alone for some strange, off the wall reason.
“Why does opera have to be so depressing?” I suddenly asked in a joking way.
“Not all of it is. No more than country or blues anyway.” He laughed.
True. 
“Well, I guess it is relaxing though. Maybe it’s better to not know what they’re saying and just enjoy the melody.”
He smiled and nodded. “I’ve always thought so. Anything to relax the mind is always a good thing.”
“Can you speak Italian?”
“I speak several languages, actually.” He answered.
I raised both brows in pleasant surprise.
“Really? Which ones?”
“French, Italian, Latin, Mandarin, Arabic, German, and Spanish to name a few.” He replied.
“Prove it. Say something in Italian.” I challenged playfully.
He thought for a moment, liking my flirtatious game without a clue as to me baiting him to get the down low. If he could speak all of those languages, I would be impressed. It would add more fuel to the growing fire inside of me too.
“Sei molto bello e particolare.” He said rolling each ‘r’ so fluently, that the sound of his voice alone, along with his linguistic perfection of each syllable, literally made my nipples stand at attention. 
I bit my lip. “Translation?”
He looked over at me. “It means, that you are very beautiful and special.”
Was it getting hot in here now or was it just me?
I smiled shyly, blushing. “Nice. Okay, now… Latin.” I said next, shifting in my seat.
“Nec nocte venturum.” He coolly obliged with perfect pronunciation, without even having to think about it.
“And that means,” I raised a brow.
He paused as if thinking about something before he glanced over at me.
“I don’t want this night to end.” He then said softly.
My heart was picking up a rapid cadence in my chest, and I felt a sudden onslaught of intense passion and lust that brought only one thing to the forefront of my mind.
I know I said I had wanted Joel to be my first but that was just talk. I didn’t even think it would happen mainly because it would ruin things and he’d be hurt if something were to happen to me.
But here I was with Cam and I liked him…a lot. He was gorgeous and I was extremely attracted to him, both physically and mentally, without a doubt. I was not nor have I ever been that kind of a girl, obviously, especially on the first date. However, technically, this was our third date if you counted that night at his friend Ray’s diner and the Purple Tomato. Not that it made this potential decision any better. I know that it was all way too soon but it was a part of my bucket list. Number one to be exact.
Damn. I wanted Cam in ways that I’ve never wanted a guy in my entire life. He provoked erotic thoughts and feelings lying hidden in the back of my imagination simply by being next to him. I wanted to kiss him, to feel his hands and mouth on my naked body, to pleasure him, and even more so … to feel him inside of me.
I hadn’t even realized that I let out a light breath that sounded like a part wail, part moan. The sensation of smoldering heat snaking through my veins made me tremble ever so slightly at the thoughts that seemed to amplify and manifest physically on their own. My nipples were stiff and sore, rubbing against the material of my bra and silky shirt, and my face burned with erotic heat the more I pondered it all.
I heard him laugh softly. “You okay over there?”
Oh, he knew what he was doing to me.
“Mhmm.” I simply nodded, while crossing my legs.
We passed rows upon rows of dark trees and not much else all along the stretch of highway. The sky was clear though, and I’ve never seen such an impressive smattering of stars that sparkled like sprayed glitter on a black velvet blanket. The moon was round, hanging low in the sky with a soft, white luminescence. It was all beautiful, like a perfect painting of nights’ serenity as it was meant to be.
I was beginning to wonder where we were going until I saw a billboard on the right for the ‘Sky Point Lounge’ up ahead, a mile and a half away. It advertised fine cuisine and star gazing on the patio deck beneath its banner logo, along with the address, phone number, and a plate displaying lobster tail and filet mignon.
“Have you had any more incidents?” He suddenly asked and it caught me off guard initially, though I wasn’t sure why.
I hesitated.
“No.” I shook my head and answered before I could even understand why I lied.
I think it was because it was easier. I wouldn’t have to explain anything or go into a deep discussion about anything negative, paranormal, or religious tonight. I didn’t want to put a damper on this date.
For one night, I didn’t want to have to think about all of that or talk about me —we were going to discuss him.
He nodded and I already knew he didn’t believe me but I didn’t care.
“Really? Well that’s good.” He replied.
Yeah, he didn’t believe me.
“I wanna hear about you? How was work?”
He shrugged a shoulder. “Same thing. Driving around, writing tickets, making arrests…the usual.”
I nodded.
“I haven’t seen you around campus yet. What shift are you working?”
“Late night right now. I’m pretty sure you’re already in bed by the time I roll around.”
“Oh. I guess that works out then.”
“Why’s that?” He was looking over at me.
“People talk and I don’t like people knowing my business, especially where I live. Gossip and stuff like that travels fast.”
“Oh. Got it.” He replied.
I thought about what I would ask next. If the movies and certain books were accurate, demons couldn’t stand any kind of reciting of religious texts or the praising of God.
I tried to remember a verse in my limited knowledge of the Bible, mouthing the words in a barely hushed whisper.
“To open their eyes, so that they may turn from darkness to the light and from the power of Satan to God; that they may…” I began.
“Receive forgiveness of sins and a place among those that are sanctified by faith in me…Elohim. Acts twenty six verse eighteen.” Cam finished word for word, along with the citation of the verse.
I stared at him in shock and disbelief for a long moment. I didn’t even know what to say, let alone expected that from him. I hadn’t even thought he’d heard me. I was speaking so softly, and with the music playing on top of that — how the hell had he been able to hear me? I could barely hear myself.
“Why are you reciting biblical texts?” he simpered curiously, apparently amused.
“You heard me?” I was staggered. 
“I’ve got pretty good ears. It’s a cop thing,” He looked over and smiled at me with a wink.
Or a demon thing, I wanted to say.
I licked my lips. “It was something that just came to mind, I don’t know why. I forgot that you study theology and spiritualism in your spare time. You call God Elohim?” I then asked.
“That is his true name.”
“He has many names.”
“Many names given by man. I’m talking about his one true and original name.” He clarified.
“Oh.”
I hadn’t wanted the conversation to continue to take this turn, so I changed the subject quickly. That experiment was no doubt a fail on my part. 
I made small talk about things going on at the University and a few current events. My stomach growled almost immediately once we arrived at the restaurant.
It had been the Sky Point Lounge that he took me to and to my surprise, it was a gorgeous building set in seclusion, sitting high on a hilltop to overlook the city, with a medium-sized man-made lake down below in the distance.
Cam had already reserved a table for us inside the solarium room. It was set apart from the main dining room and three of the walls were large, floor to the ceiling windows. There were several high powered telescopes that you had to pay before viewing in order to stargaze or look into space. 
The view over the moonlit lake, along with the reflection of lights from the city skyline beyond and the twinkling night sky above, was breathtaking, romantic, and well-thought out. Human or not, I was falling love with him.
“I reserved this entire area so we’ll have some privacy.” Cam said, seeing me look around in wonder as to why we were the only ones in here.
“Are you serious?” I smiled in surprise. This couldn’t have been cheap.
“Why not?”
I liked his style.
We ordered appetizers of bruschetta, fontina cheese, and wine to start and the waitress didn’t even card me. I was sure it was because Cam turned on the charm and dazzle, and she was too enthralled and in awe of him to even bother asking.
“How did you hear about this place?” I asked, scanning the menu.
“I’m a big fan of places off the beaten path.”
“I see. Well, tonight I want to know about you and your family. I don’t have much else about myself to talk about, let alone anything interesting.”
He smirked and leaned back in his chair. The way he watched me made my knees go weak and my pulse quicken.
“You want to know about me and my family? Okay. What do you want to know?”
“Where specifically are you from?”
“Everywhere. Canada if you want me to be more specific. I was an orphan. I never knew my family and I still don’t to this day.”
I instantly felt badly for asking him, thinking maybe that was why he seemed mysterious and secretive. That was sad, nothing compared to my history. At least I knew my parents and grandmother and I got to be with them for a good part of my life.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to ask and make you talk about that.”
“Stop apologizing. What else do you want to know?”
I sighed, thinking.
“I’m not asking to be rude or anything, I just want to know for me. How old are you?” I decided to ask.
He smiled. “You don’t like older guys?” He teased.
I laughed. “That depends.”
“How old do I look?” He grinned.
“Well, you’re obviously young but not in college. But being what you do… I’ll say twenty four, twenty five?” I began guessing.
“Okay.” He affirmed with a shrug of one shoulder.
I appreciated his humor, though a bit on the cocky side.
“Which is it?” I asked.
“Pick either one. They both work for me.” He winked and bit his bottom lip, giving me a look that conveyed both lust and desire. It was hitting me too, as if he were casting some sort of a spell on me.
I shifted in my chair, gazing over my menu with pursed lips, shaking my head at his vague wit.
“So, we’re going dutch right?” I affirmed, looking at the description of the mouth-watering surf and turf lobster and filet mignon.
He leaned forward with arms folded, and resting on the table. He had raised the sleeves of his shirt again and the corded muscles in his forearms flexed beneath his perfect tanned skin —perfect with the exception of all the intricate tattoos. He looked at me pointedly with a devilish, smile.
“Not for dinner.” He said seductively. 
Suppressing the urge to leap across the table, jump into his lap, straddle, and make out with him right this second was becoming more and more difficult to fend off, so I reminded myself of the things that I wanted to ask him and find out.
I glossed over the dark tattoos again, looking for more tale tell details that I may have missed before. It was more so to refocus my attention away from the burning passion that kept rising from deep within me.
“What do you mean by that?”
He laughed and leaned back in his chair again, turning to look over at one of the telescopes out on the balcony beyond the glass windows.
“I think you have to pay to gaze. I’ll let you pay for that, if you want.” He then said.
We placed our orders when the waitress returned to serve and pour the wine. I got my surf and turf and Cam ordered the rosemary lamb and baked potato paired with a red Pinot Grigio. Again, she failed to ask for my ID. I suddenly realized, that being a supposed cop, Cam had no qualms about letting me drink alcohol either. 
Another suspect clue for me.
The blatant flirting on her part went beyond fishing for a good tip and it was irking the hell out of me now. She finally sashayed away after taking her time to go over our order, options and the explanation of using the telescope along with how much it cost — more so to Cam anyway.
“Well, we’ve got some time to kill. Come on…my treat then.” I nodded towards the telescopes as I scooted out of my chair.
Cam picked up our wine glasses and we headed out onto the balcony.
The night was crisp and cool and the view was extraordinary. The soft piano music playing in the background added ambiance to what would and should be an ordinary romantic evening with gorgeous guy but I knew better.
Cam sipped his wine, watching me as I deposited a dollar fifty in coins into the high powered telescope, which unlocked the lens cap. 
“I love looking up into the sky at night. It’s almost like everything is just so…clear and peaceful, and I wonder sometimes, if Heaven is past that somewhere.” I commented as I peered through the eyepiece, attempting to focus the lens.
“You’d be surprised what lies right before your eyes. People are limited to what they can see for a reason but I’m with you, there is definitely a lot more out there.” Cam agreed.
“I definitely believe that. They’re so bright tonight. I see some winking.” I said, scanning the spray of millions of sparkling dots against the night sky.
“They know a pretty girl when they see one.”
“You are a charmer.” I smiled, still peering through the eye piece at all the stars.
I zoomed in as close as I could, marveling at several shooting stars randomly streak across the sky behind the others. Then, a handful began to slowly shift and move, which I found fascinating. They all moved in line and slowly began to form…a heart.
 When finished, the outline of stars had formed a clear and distinct heart shape that sparkled like diamonds.
“Oh — wow…” I gaped.
“See anything interesting or unique?” Cam asked.
I looked away, feeling heat coming from him right behind me because he was standing really close to me now. The smell of him was almost intoxicating. He was handing me my wineglass with his arm curled around me as if he were about to hug me from behind.
“Thanks. Uh…that was really freaky. The stars they…I don’t know.” I gestured towards the sky and then peered back into the eye piece. 
The star-formed heart shape was still there.
“Let me see.” Cam said moving in close but not allowing me to step away. Our bodies were inches apart when he leaned over my shoulder to look for himself.
I felt another moan almost escape my throat at his proximity to me. My heart was thumping wildly with anticipation now. Anticipation of what though? Kissing him? That may be a definite tonight.
“The stars moved into the shape of a heart. I didn’t know they could do that.” I was amazed, looking up into the sky with my naked eye. I couldn’t see it anymore, at least not without the telescope.
“I don’t see anything,” Cam said, turning to face me.
My breath caught. His face and mouth were within just a few inches of mine. My heart began to pound even faster to help rekindle fire that was spreading throughout my body. The temptation was overpowering. He was leaning in first as if he planned to kiss me but was hesitant, like he wanted me to make the first move.
I wanted to kiss him but what would he think of me?
Wait, what was I thinking? I needed to know a few more things before anything like that would even remotely happen. I couldn’t kiss him…yet.
I shifted away from him just a bit and then sipped my wine.
I could see him smirking when he straightened up as if he just knew that he’d get me before the night was over.
“Maybe they moved and formed something else.” I shrugged but I knew what I saw.
He nodded, looking down at me and finishing his wine.
It was quiet. I eyed him closely while he leaned in to look into the telescope again.
“Do you believe in life on other planets?” He asked.
“I’ve had dreams about spaceships ever since I was little but I don’t know. I guess one day we’ll all find out for sure.” I replied looking behind him, more so at his back, and trying to figure out where and how he’d hide them if he did have wings. Why couldn’t I see them now?
I felt a knot of nervous apprehension twist in my gut when I thought of the questions I wanted to ask him. It was now or possibly never and I needed to know; to know that I wasn’t crazy in believing that both he and Drake were supernatural.
I hadn’t realized that he was watching me just as curiously until he spoke, “What are you doing?” He asked softly.
I snapped my gaze away from his back and met his eyes. “Huh? Nothing.” 
I shook my head and quickly moved back beside him, finishing the rest of my wine in one gulp.
I was beginning to feel more relaxed already. I turned to face the view of the twinkling city lights and the light of the moon dancing on the water in the distance. I set my empty wineglass on the balcony railing, glad that we were alone here.
“Are you cold?” Cam asked moving in behind me.
Before I could answer, his arms were gently slipped around my waist, pulling me close against him and melding me to his warm, firm body.
I sighed deeply, the desire re-igniting in an instant. I was sure that he’d be able to feel my heart pounding wildly.
I brushed my hands and fingers over his the tattoos, along his smooth skin, and then I folded my own arms across my chest, tucking them beneath his huge muscled arms as he held me protectively. I fit snugly, warm, safe, and completely melting into his strong embrace. Despite the chilly night, his skin was really warm, almost hot. And from what I could feel…I wasn’t the only one being turned on in this moment. 
All I could think of was…that couldn’t be him because if it was — China was right, he would be way too much for a starter and definitely too much for me.
He stroked the length of my hair lovingly, running his fingers through my curls, and then leaned down to inhale the scent of my shampoo, I guess. I could hear him softly moan deep within his chest and I started to tremble slightly, something I was sure he could feel but he didn’t say anything about it.
“Not anymore.” I whispered.
Looking up into the night sky once again, I could see the same stars moving again. This time, they were clearly visible to my naked eye without the telescope. They slid smoothly into position to form two hearts and I knew Cam had to be able to see them too.
“There! There it is again…there’s two hearts now. Look!” I pointed up into the sky while tilting my head back to look up at his face —way above my head.
He didn’t seem interested, instead he took me by total and complete surprise when he turned me around to face him and then picked me up as if I weighed nothing. He sat me on the railing of the balcony, pushing my legs apart and letting his hands slide up each of my thighs as he moved to stand in between them —all in one swift and smooth move.
His hand and thick fingers slid beneath my hair gently gripping and tilting my head back, making me wail softly at the gentle tug. I thought he was going to kiss me and I wanted it, I waited for it but he didn’t. However, this time, I was positive that I saw a glint of light glowing in his eyes again, like the first night at the hospice. 
That instantly reminded me to refocus, as hard as that would be to do right now. It seemed obvious that he wanted me as bad as I wanted him but this was so unlike me. I didn’t do this kind of thing so casually and so soon. I’ve never had sex before but I certainly knew how it was done and what it entailed.
Was I really willing to sleep with Cam on the third date?
Maybe. Hell, it was a strong possibility at this rate.
But since I was already suspicious, I had to address it first.
“You’re doing that, aren’t you?” I whispered against his lips, which were barely inches from my own.
“Doing what?” He whispered.
The smell of him coupled with the warmth of his sweet breath on my lips made me shiver with passion and infatuation.
“The stars. I know you’re doing it.” I affirmed.
Cam simply grinned.

XVIV: Cam`ael

It wasn’t hard pretending as if I didn’t know she was already at the concert event, as much as it irritated me. I had already been there, cloaked, long before she had arrived. She wore her hair down again. It was full and gorgeous, and the light blonde and brown highlights were glossy, flowing silkily in the perfect spiral curls that reached the small of her back. She was sexy in the silky short dress that hugged her petite curves very well. The purple color complimented her hair, eyes, and skin. The little bit of her light, caramel-kissed, flawless skin peeking through the off the shoulder sleeve, and through her black lace leggings paired with the sexy boots she wore, was enough to bring to life and provoke my dark lust.
Her incredibly sexy, toned legs and a nice, firm ass to match were going to be dangerous assets for her tonight, especially with all the other beings slinking around. Fuck all the rules, I would leave all advances up to her and nothing was going to keep me off of her tonight.
I meant what I said when I declared that I would not take my eyes off of her, or leave her side in lieu of the beasts of darkness gathering tonight. I had a chance to look around before she called me. The vicinity was crawling with angels in position, shadows and dark fallen, and the dark fallen of the mysterious Toraen legion to be exact. I wouldn’t have been surprised if Morning Star made an appearance himself. In fact, I anticipated it. But knowing him, he probably wouldn’t tonight. He kept a constant endless supply and overabundance of slaves and lackeys to do it all for him.
I didn’t see Drakael anywhere but he had spoken truth about there being divine warriors here. I even spied a few of what I believed to be Morning Star’s dark divine warriors scattered about but they weren’t much of a threat to me. The portal was beneath the stage but it hadn’t been fully opened yet.
I still didn’t get why I was supposed to bring Star here. It made no sense even if the request came from Elohim. Edanai didn’t completely make me feel any better about it, regardless of her hunch, even though she was pretty good at predicting those things. Though I knew there was a method to his madness and purpose and Elohim always knew what he was doing, I still felt apprehensive about it.
I nearly had a fit of rage when her friend, Joel, leaned over to kiss her in the car. I did the only thing that I could do without seeming too obvious or being visible. Their bumping heads I found quite comical, though I didn’t mean for it to happen, I was glad she wasn’t hurt by my actions. I don’t do jealousy well at all, and hearing her tell him she that would give him her virginity made me lose my mind, desperately searching for some inanimate object to act out my jealousy on, in order to forego ripping off his cock and ensuring that it could never happen. The last thing anyone wanted was a vindictive or jealous demon on their asses, being that we could manipulate anyone or anything to scare the hell out of you—all in our favor. 
For his sake, I counted on him not trying that again let alone taking her up on her offer. A little impotency, even demon induced, never hurt anyone. Had she meant that? Though I wanted to claim hers badly, I couldn’t…I wouldn’t, at least not unless she was offering it to me willingly. Then again, it wouldn’t have mattered since she wouldn’t remember it or me anyway. If she really meant to just simply lose her virginity, I sincerely hoped that she wouldn’t discount me, even though we just met. It would be a new experience for us both because I regarded her as more than just a female, and it wouldn’t have been about simply siphoning pleasure from within her body as an entity, the way I normally did with mortal women.
I ran the high risk of impregnating her though but she was going to die anyway, so that wouldn’t have been an obstacle for either one of us except me. If we shared that level of intimacy, I wouldn’t be able to carry out my plan of killing her. I’d have to suffer with the sweet memory of being with her and what it meant to me, while she would both hate and hunt me with no memory of it at all. Or Elohim could smite me for deflowering her too, which would have been an ideal and merciful resolution.
As expected, her friend China had no clue what I was and had no memory of me having taken possession of her. The manipulation of her memory of the events that night had worked well but I knew there was always a price a mortal had to pay after being infiltrated by one of us. They were definitely never the same afterwards. Some went into a deep suicidal depressions, others began to see things of this plane, and then there were those that completely shut down and went either insane or embraced the evil that had resided within them temporarily, going on to carry out those dark and evil thoughts and desires on their own. It was mostly predictable but I believed it depended on who the person was and how strong their will had been before being possessed. 
There had been something about her friend Joel that struck me as peculiar though. I noticed it the first time that I saw him a few days ago but I wasn’t sure what it was. He was apparently unaware of it too, naturally. He didn’t have a recognizable aura — at least one that I could detect, which was odd. All spirit beings can see the auras of all living creatures on the face of the Earth. 
I eyed him when he introduced himself and as I predicted, he automatically didn’t like me but I don’t think it was just because of what I was either. His lust and his strong feelings for Star were more than evident in just his attitude towards me. If Edanai had been with me she could have read both his and her friend China’s aura, to confirm what I was picking up on. I’ll have to ask her about it when I got the chance.
I debated on getting involved in the sudden clash that erupted initially but I knew that if I hadn’t acted at that exact moment, they would have gotten closer to Star. She had been their intended target and she would have seen more than she would have been able to ever comprehend in this life. Though not the usual reaction, I had to make a difficult split decision. It looked as if the divine warriors could use my help… our help. I didn’t wait for a request and they were surely not expecting it in the least.
There were five, powerful dark fallen, a female with four males, and three dark divine ones, all male. They blended in very well, resembling the gothic crowd that made up ninety percent of the audience tonight. A confrontation and physical fight immediately took place but was immediately thrust back into the spirit realm — where it caught my attention. I saw fit to join in and help, just as they had all shifted out of the mortal realm. I couldn’t believe that they were being so conspicuous and cavalier but I knew that with all the angels around, one of them might work to do a time freeze and reverse events as if it had never happened for any possible lingering eyes. Though they couldn’t jump in and help, it didn’t stop them from banishing them all to continue their fight in the spirit realm. That was a common practice.
I had summoned Ryziel, Rahab, Macai, and Atiro to assist, figuring it would be a perfect opportunity for us to establish a neutral alliance, so that they would know that we were also on the side of the divine ones. I wanted to possibly prevent any accidental killings or mistaken identities, meaning us, for the dark fallen of Morning Star’s or the Toraen legion.
I hated having to leave Star alone, even in the car she wouldn’t have been safe but when I saw several angels staggered all around, as well as Durien, and dozens of other divine warriors manning the parking lot, I knew she’d be okay for the moment.
Durien was a young, long time divine warrior and actually one of my favorites. He fully understood the necessity to establish and keep a so called ‘alliance’ between them and those in my legion, unlike the divine warrior elders, and I appreciated the shared logic and trust. The fact that he approved of my protecting Star spoke a great deal towards Elohim’s wishes since Elohim no longer spoke to me directly himself.
There was no time for them to display their initial confusion. The message conveyed in our sudden unsolicited assistance worked well in the end once they realized that we had come to help them. I didn’t expect to gain their kinship or trust fully though. That would take many lifetimes if at all.
Apparently, the divine warriors shared the same sentiment and respectful gratitude by parting ways without any incident between myself and the others that I had summoned.
I reiterated to them all before we parted ways, that this was just a taste of what would be happening tonight and to not let any guards down, even around the divine warriors… regardless of the brief alliance and what had just taken place.
While I was still cloaked in the mortal plane, Durien, as a divine warrior, could see me as plain as day. He gave me a nod of acknowledgement, letting me know that Star was safe before he moved on and I was appreciative. I could tell right away that Star didn’t stay in the car as I had told her to, I could hear her heart pounding hard in her chest and a thin sheen of perspiration she probably wasn’t even aware of. It was visibly evident on her skin.
I figured that she would fib about it when I asked, so I purposefully didn’t pursue the truth. Instead, I put in an opera CD to help calm the both of us down but I wasn’t prepared for the conversation to take the turn that it did. I could tell she had something on her mind. I wondered what that was seeing and who she was texting back and forth on her phone initially, instead of speaking to me.
She knew something. Her awareness of this event being littered with shadows didn’t surprise me at all. She wanted to get to know me and ask me the questions this time, fishing for something, answers, clues, or whatever. 
I knew that was coming too, so I played along without giving any direct clues or hints. She was brilliant enough to figure it out herself and that’s what I was hoping and waiting for.
Impressing her with my full array of all languages was an added extra. The languages of mankind ended up becoming their own creations. I along with all the other dark ones, including angels, had all the time in the world to observe, listen, and learn it all. It had been easy enough, though none of it compared to the original Angelic and the current demonic language we tended to speak every now and then among each other. 
In the meantime, taking in the smell of her, looking at her lips, her legs, and her body…I don’t know how much longer I’d be able to hold back from breaking any rules. I was still going to allow her the first move, so I started with what I knew how to do best…romance and flirting.
Privacy, dinner with wine, and the stars forming hearts had all been my own personal ideas. I played the angel this time. The desire that she was feeling had been all her own without any coercion from me. I waited for it to slowly build before finally acting. I was unable to contain my own maddening lust for her anymore.
Her hair was so soft and silky, her scent was delicious, and the heat of her mounting desire fed into my own symbiotically. The feel of her delicate fingertips gliding along my skin…along my brandings was nearly orgasmic for me. I wanted her to feel my arousal on purpose, to let her know what she was doing to me with her mere touch alone. 
Suddenly, I was no longer in control of the growing dark lust that was seeking somewhere and someplace to be released and penetrate. I slipped a little into her when I picked her up and sat her on the rail of the balcony, forcing her legs apart and pulling her to me forcefully. Her firm nipples and soft breasts grazed my flesh beneath my shirt as I buried my hand in the warmth of her silken curls, and cradled the back of her head to tilt her face up to mine. Her full, delicious lips parted slightly… teasing and almost welcoming to mine.
At that point, my mouth began to water and all I wanted was to taste her…not just her lips and her mouth but to actually bury my face in between her soft, creamy thighs to devour and savor every bit of her sweetness, her essence, and the flavor of her passion and arousal. I wanted to feel her orgasm, feel her supple body shuddering in my hands over and over again before I partook in that intense tidal wave of pleasure from the inside of her…physically.
The passionate wail that escaped her throat only spurred my need and in that moment I didn’t give a damn about any rules, conditions, or promises made. I leaned in to nibble on her ear, to kiss and suck on the tender flesh of her throat before kissing her deeply. Forgive me Elohim, but if I’m kissing her…then I’m not killing her. Please do not take this from me. I prayed silently anyway, just in case Drakael decided to show up in the moment. I’d kick the holy hell out of him if he did.
I wanted her and I wanted her now — right here. I was just about to give in and kiss her first —until she spoke the words.
“You’re doing that, aren’t you?” She whispered breathlessly.
I struggled to control my own ragged breathing from the fire in me that raged and begged for me to take her, regardless of the consequences.
It took much concentration to keep my eyes from initiating their usual glow in response to my lust, and to keep my wings from spontaneously sprouting and turning out into full view and display in front of her.
“Doing what?” I played dumb with my mouth barely an inch from hers purposefully. I was hoping that she would go for it and kiss me first, so I wouldn’t have to break my word to Elohim.
“The stars. I know you’re doing it.” She then said.
I grinned and pulled back a bit. She was beginning to piece it all together, and now that I knew more questions would be coming, I thought it best to get our food to go.
“What makes you think that?” I asked anyway.
She studied my face, her body heat and arousal was still strong but it was dissolving. I stepped back to let her down slowly, my hands lingering on her slender hips beneath her coat.
“Because this was the second time that I’ve seen an unnatural glow in your eyes.”
“Glow? What are you talking about?” I narrowed my eyes at her innocently, continuing to play the game.
“I think you know. Your eyes glow.”
“Alright, surf and turf and the rosemary lamb.” We both heard the waitress say loud enough to garner our attention from out here on the balcony.
I glanced over my shoulder and then we both headed back inside. The waitress, along with help from another waiter, began to work unloading the serving tray beside our table.
“Wait. On second thought, can we get this to go?” I asked with a glance over at Star.
She looked at me with those big, beautiful dark blue eyes with surprise and curiosity, making no attempt to counter against the suggestion. She knew why I was requesting to take the food to go.
“Oh, okay…sure not a problem.” The waitress replied with a hint of disappointment.
I glanced at my watch, not sure why I cared to make note of the time. It was going on eight forty two now. Though the waitress had given a quick, curt nod, and an envious glance at Star with a pressed lipped smile, her overall expression conveyed: ‘I was wondering when you two would decide to get a room’ look between the both of us.
The smell of steak, lobster, and the lamb was potent, wafting into the front from the backseat while I drove down the curving road towards the farmhouse.
She was asking questions. She wanted answers and I just wanted…her.
“Where are we going?”
“My place.”
She paused and licked her lips. I heard her inhale deeply and then exhale with apprehension. “I take it you want privacy for a reason then. I might have given you the wrong idea about me though. I’m not that kind of girl. I mean, I don’t usually behave that way.” She admitted.
“So you’re a tease?” I smirked.
She seemed offended. “No. At least, I don’t think I am.”
I laughed. “You are.”
She pursed her lips and shot me a glare, knowing that I was only messing with her. She was growing hip to my sense of humor. I like that.
I grinned and glanced over at her this time. “Are you afraid to be alone with me?”
She took a moment before answering. “Should I be?”
“It depends on what frightens you, I guess.”
She gave me a wry look and then chewed her lip, gazing out of the window at the blur of dark trees whizzing by before fixating her eyes straight ahead again. The silence became unsettling.          
Then, she finally spoke and her voice was low, “Were you the one who left the feather in my room?”
This time my pulse raced. I couldn’t deny or confirm it, so how would I respond?
She was looking over at me now, expectant and patient.
Now, she didn’t ask if it was my feather, she simply asked me if I had left the feather.
“Yes.”
Her brows furrowed. “When, and how did you get in? Why a feather?”
“Feathers are used for luck and protection. That’s why the Indians use them in dream catchers. Dream catchers are supposed to catch the bad dreams.” I coolly lied.
Her face then turned into confusion and there was a questioning look in her eyes this time. “Did…did you clean up my room, too?”
I licked my lips and quietly cleared my throat. No way to lie about that one.
“You’re a slob.” I confessed.
Her mouth dropped in disbelief and I don’t know if it was because she was offended by that, or she found it creepy…or both.
There was another long pause but she was clearly thinking about things that have happened compared to my answers right now.
“How did you get in?” She asked again, turning her entire body towards me in her seat now with her back against the passenger door.
My jaw was working. I couldn’t tell her and lying about that would be pointless and ridiculous.
“The picture that China took, there’s an outline of something behind you. It looks like wings to me.” She revealed.
Now that piqued my attention and interest. I hadn’t even looked at the photo yet.
That couldn’t have been possible…well, not possible for a normal person to see, but at the same time I was surprised that an image of my wings had been caught on a man-made, electronic image device. Had they been out? I felt like an idiot, the equivalent of not realizing that your zipper was down and having someone else point it out to you.
“Wings?” I repeated.
“As in…angel wings. I guess it could just be a random shadow that looks like it. This will probably sound silly…but I need to know from you, tonight, because I think I already know what you are.” 
Her question and tone were sincere.
I remained silent, thinking of how I was going to explain that one off. I gave her a sidelong glance to await her next question, all the while not realizing that my grip on the steering wheel had tightened considerably, and I was driving faster.
She was going to realize what I was before I could have her the way I wanted her. I was going to have to end up killing her after all. She’d be too afraid and disgusted to be with or even around me and that would leave her vulnerable for the others.
“It’s…your feather, isn’t it?” 
Her eyes flicked to my brandings and then back up to my face.
I looked over at her and sighed in defeat. I couldn’t affirm that but I somehow believed that I wouldn’t have to. My silence and lack of denial was all the answer and confirmation that she needed. I turned my attention back to the road feeling anxious.
She paused for a long time this time and I wished I knew what was going through her mind, given the way that she was looking at me and the sound of her quickening heartbeat.
 At least it wasn’t in fear or repugnance—yet.
“Are you going to answer any of my questions?” she asked with a hint of impatience.
“I can’t.” 
Her eyes widened at my simple reply but I think she took it just as she should have—affirmation that what she was asking, saying and thinking…were all correct so far.
“Even if I already know?”
“What do you think you know?”
There was momentary silence.
“You don’t smell like or look like the others I’ve encountered at all. I don’t get sick to my stomach around you and your feather is still pure white but…” she deduced and stopped herself.
I waited for the beat of a few seconds, exhaling slowly to release the tension that had begun to grip me all over.
“But what?”
That was the longest few seconds I’ve ever experience, waiting for her to speak again.
“Drake is the angel, isn’t he?” She finally concluded.
I could literally feel my spirit breaking at the fact that she did know. Saying it aloud was much different that her simply knowing it, and I felt anger, shame, regret, and sorrow all weighing down heavily upon me at once.
We weren’t far from the farmhouse, maybe about a mile or so, but I pulled the car over to the shoulder and parked the car anyway. She instantly tensed, keeping her widening eyes on me with caution.
“Why are you pulling over?” She wanted to know.
I looked at her, unsure of what I wanted to say.
The rules had long since been broken but I hadn’t been the one to do it. Technically, I never revealed to her directly what I was at any given time.
Drakael’s voice entered my head just then, instantly pissing me off. He had his nerve, not only to be watching us but to have to gall to speak to me telepathically — and right now of all times.
“Don’t you dare do it! You’ve gotten away with quite enough already.” He warned. 
“Screw you! She’s already called you out as you’ve just heard. I told you that she would figure you out soon too, you moron.”
Good, if he was watching now, then he could watch me kill her too, just like I had wanted.
“You don’t seem afraid.” I said, while listening to the vicinity around us for Drakael or any other being for that matter.
“I am afraid but not of you.” She answered.
Her response shocked me. I looked at her curiously to gauge just how serious she was about that. Her heart beat hadn’t increased and her posture remained somewhat relaxed. She was telling the truth.
“Then maybe you really don’t know or understand what I really am.”
She leaned forward with a serious expression, and she regarded my statement.
“Well, I know what you’re not. The fact that you haven’t tried to drag me off to some portal, tried to physically hurt or kill me, and that you’ve been protecting me all this time from all of those others…tells me that you’re nothing that defines a demon. You’re fallen but not a demon, at least not to me. Aren’t you the one that told me that in the first place? There being a difference between the two? We all make mistakes but if we never get the chance to redeem ourselves, what’s the point in trying to ever do the right thing? You used to be an angel and I thought God was forgiveness.”                                   
Her words made sense and I appreciated her understanding of my dilemma but she didn’t understand the scheme of the universe that all of us demons and angels were a part of. 
I smiled. “It’s a bit more complicated than that.” I told her.
It wasn’t for her to understand or know, especially right now.
“It shouldn’t be.” She shook her head, as if refusing to accept that as universal law. 
I know knew why she was so special, why she had been chosen to become a divine warrior. Her spirit was the epitome of what they were supposed to be and represent, not to mention her aura being similar to the first woman on the face of the Earth, the mother of all human beings.
I had a sudden fleeting thought in that regard but I quickly discounted it.
“I guess asking why you fell is out of the question then, right?” She wanted to know.
I instantly tensed and clammed up. Even if I had been allowed to tell her everything, that part, I wouldn’t have.
“It’s irrelevant.” I simply said with chagrin.
I turned to face her and in a flash my feelings of benevolence and pure lust towards her were replaced by something deeper…more profound, yet formidable and way stronger than lust itself had ever been to me since I had fallen. 
I was truly in love with her. The deep sorrow of knowing that she would soon die and never know me again except to hate me after this night was beginning to rear its ugly head.
At the same time, I was frustrated now. I couldn’t kill her even if it would save her... not anymore.
She unbuckled her seatbelt and scooted towards me, leaning over the console between the seats.
“Cam`ael!” Drakael’s voice warned again more insistently this time.
Her delicate, soft, cool hand embraced my cheek and she licked her lips before they softly met mine. Finally.
The connection of our flesh was intense and exquisite.
“She already knows what we both are, the rules have already been broken, conditions no longer apply…and she kissed me first.” I answered back.
“It’s almost ten.”
“Thanks for the update.”
With that I shut him out, and pulled her to me more firmly; focusing my full attention and effort into the kiss I’ve waited so long for.
Her lips were soft, like delicate fresh rose petals, and her lip gloss was both sweet and minty. I nibbled and suckled her bottom lip, eagerly probing between her lips with my tongue to search for hers but her soft, agile tongue met mine before I got the opportunity. She moaned into my mouth, fueling the lust in me once again. I wrestled more control over it this time. This time it had been easier. I wasn’t about to ruin and defile her, being that she was a chosen.
I caressed her jaw, her cheek, and her throat, running my fingers through her gorgeous curls. She was pure and sweet and it was like sucking the fresh dew from the flesh of a peeled, ripe, succulent peach. I hungrily devoured her mouth, tongue and all as if it were a rare delicacy. It was a bittersweet reward and all that I would ever get to savor from her on this night.
“Cam`ael, where are you? I thought you’d be at the farmhouse.” It was Edanai’s voice cutting into my mind.
I opted to ignore and block her out too but there was urgency in her voice that had me concerned considering the concert tonight.
“Lousy timing.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” She asked slyly.
“What is it?” I answered back in agitation.
“I can sense you nearby…are you with…”
“Yes. What is it? What’s going on at the concert?” I cut her off.
“Nothing major yet but there is a hell of a lot of activity. Something big is going to happen for sure but that’s not what I wanted to tell you.” Edanai began.
“Say it already, I’m in the middle of something.” I replied with irritation.
She paused.
“I hope for your sake it isn’t her legs.” She stated flatly.
“Get on with it Edanai.” I urged in warning.
“I found out what Toraen is. Shame on us that we didn’t know. It’s not a name…it’s a word.” She began.
“A word? What word?” I asked with interest.
“It’s Hulzaectic, it means…Traitor.” Edanai revealed.
“Traitor?” I repeated.
“Yep.”
Of course! How could I have forgotten one of the original languages of the dark fallen? Hulzaectic was one of many first languages of the Demons. No wonder I had never heard of another legion by a fallen with that name. I pulled away from Star abruptly, not meaning to seem rude or as if I didn’t want to sit here all night and make love to her mouth with my own. I did.
She looked at me with a questioning gaze.
“What’s the matter?”
“Nothing,” I assured her, caressing her lip and her cheek gently.
“I’ll see you at the concert.” I told Edanai.
“You’re going after all? What do you think it means? Surely not Morning Star; we already know what he is.”
“Toraen is in reference to someone, and no it isn’t Morning Star. See you in a bit and be careful.” 
Star shifted in her seat and watched me before pulling me by my shirt towards her and kissing me again. For a virgin, she certainly kissed like a whore. Too much more of this and I’d lose what little bit of self-control I had left and jump her bones.
I kissed her tenderly again.
When we broke she licked her lips and sighed. “This is probably so wrong but it doesn’t feel wrong. I mean I shouldn’t be…” She whispered.
I pushed a curl from her face.
“No, you shouldn’t be. I don’t want to mark or ruin you.” I finished for her knowing what she was about to say. I didn’t want to hear her say it. That she knew she shouldn’t be kissing a demon and feeling this way about one because by virtue, I was pure evil; a being of the darkness to be destroyed, shunned, and hated.
“With a kiss?” She smiled.
“The way you kiss makes me want to do things to you that would warrant you needing to scrub your soul clean. I already want you.” I confessed with a half grin.
Her mouth fell open with surprise and her face began to redden with curious desire.
“Scrub my soul clean?”
“And baptized.” I smirked to simply leave it at that.
She pursed her full lips in a sexy pout.
“If you’re trying to make me believe that you’re foul and perverse just because you’re a fallen — try another route.” She smirked.
I looked over at her, enjoying the fact that she wasn’t fazed by my humor.
“Foul? I’m actually offended by that.”
She laughed. “No. You actually smell very good to me.” She said, biting her bottom lip.
I cast a sideways look at her when she did and I licked my lips, shaking my head with a grin.
“And I bet you taste as good as you smell to me.” I flicking my eyes down the length of her body. 
I was serious about that one.
I could hear her swallow hard and her heart beat increased. Her face flushed red again and then she giggled. 
“So, is wanting me why you came here? Why you’ve been watching me?”
“No, it isn’t the only reason,” I told her truthfully.
She sighed and sat back in her seat again. In the brief silence, I started up the car again and merged back onto the highway.
“So you’ve known about these demons being after me. Do you know why they’re after me and why they keep trying to take me into some portal? Where does the portal go? Hell?” She wanted to know.
I wanted to answer that. I saw no harm in it but I knew her questions would not stop there and I still couldn’t tell her all that she wanted to know.
“What have your dreams been showing you?” I asked her.
“I’ve had a lot of dreams.”
“Your most recent ones.” I clarified.
“Are you saying that what I’ve been dreaming about is really going to happen then?” She seemed genuinely afraid this time.
“There’s something to them. You’ve been dreaming about it all your life.”
She was dreaming it because she was a chosen and it was going to happen.
An alarmed and frightened expression suddenly masked her face and then she looked at me with wide eyes. “Do you know when the end of the world will happen? You’ve been an angel, you were there in the beginning…you’ve — you’ve seen and you know so much.” She breathed with awe.
“No one knows. Only Elohim knows when.” I told her and that was the complete truth.
“Why do you seem afraid of it?”
She blew out a breath of incredulity. “Because it was horrific and scary. If what I see in my dreams does happen, then I don’t want to be there.”
“You think you won’t make it?”
“Make it to survive what? A devastated earth with millions of dead bodies lying around me, and becoming some pet or prisoner to dark evil angels who are using me to breed with?” 
Then she regarded me apologetically. “Sorry, I didn’t mean it that way.” She whispered, assuming that I’d taken offense.
I chuckled. “Negative much? Apology not necessary.” I replied.
She laughed a little at my comment. 
“I don’t know. This last dream, I saw a baby being taken away by some dark thing…” She swallowed as if recounting the dream sickened her and was difficult for her even think about let alone talk about out loud.
“There was this dark angel in particular who was looking for me and he called me by my full name. He was making fun of me for trying to save the baby, and then ….he said don’t worry, you’ll make plenty more with us.” She breathed and bit her lip, looking over at me for my reaction. 
I glanced at her, my own brows going up in alarm because she had no idea just how accurate the events of her dreams were. Elohim was showing her those things for her own protection and for her own awareness, which means he already knows about this Toraen. But Elohim allows people to form and shape their own destinies given the information and visions, so it would ultimately be left up to Star without any of our or the angels’ interference.
It was obvious that whoever this traitor was…it was the one in her dream who had been looking for her. Morning Star would be another obstacle and issue but I could see him coming way before some unknown legion.
I was angry at the thought and possibility, wanting to tear apart whoever this was myself and it made me all the more adamant to find out whoever it was.
“What did this dark angel look like? Do you remember?” I asked her.
She sighed and ran her fingers through her hair to push back the curls that had fallen forward.
“It was just ugly, scary ugly, and it was rancid smelling…that I do remember vividly.”  It seemed as if she were leaving a few things out and I don’t know if it was on purpose, but I wasn’t going to ask her about it.
I nodded in acknowledgment. She described a true fallen demon, the ones that lived around Morning Star and his domain.
“Pay attention to those dreams, no matter how scary. Dreams and visions are like roadmaps and hints. There’s a reason that you’re having them over and over.” I told her, which was generic but on point.
She exhaled a trembling breath and nodded. I figured she’d feel better to hear this, knowing what I was now and what I had been before I was a demon. I hoped.
“Where are we going now?”
“My place. I’d like to finish dinner.”
She raised a brow and smiled.
I decided against taking her back to the concert. Something told me that I would find out who this traitor was there and I didn’t need to worry about her being in trouble if I had to fight. Screw Drakael, I would accept punishment and make amends with Elohim somehow, if he allowed me to.

XX: Starling

Though I was still trying to wrap my brain around everything, which included finally realizing what Cam and Drake were, I still could not get over the fact that he called me a slob.
I know I wasn’t neat and tidy, or even a clean freak, but I know I was not a slob.
It all felt so unreal. In fact, in actuality, I felt like I was in a dream now. I wished I were but if I had been…then I wouldn’t feel the way that I felt about Cam — if that was his real name.
I wanted to ask a million things but with his vagueness and silence about most of the things I asked already, I figured he was probably not allowed to tell me for a reason, so I would respect that.
His explanations were a relief, but I was still annoyed because I wanted to know if I was in danger, and when and how would I die. If my dreams were showing me all of these things, I don’t know if I could handle seeing that part. I shuddered at the thought.
We arrived at an abandoned, dilapidated, two-story farmhouse and he pulled around back to park. I began to have second thoughts on the truthfulness of what he had been telling me. A place like this reminded me of where killers would take their victims to do sick and sadistic things to before murdering them in the movies. After all, I was with a demon, no — correction, a fallen. One who had more sense of honor, romance, humanity, and consideration than most humans did for each other.  I admired him because even knowing that doing good deeds would ever change who or what he was, he did them anyway. 
I think he noticed the way I was eying the run-down farmhouse when he retrieved the food from the back, and then opened my car door for me.
“It’s for visual sake. I don’t want anyone to know anyone is here from the road.” He explained after reading my expression before I could even ask or comment.
“Oh, I see.” I nodded, still a bit of apprehensive.
He led the way and I was pleasantly surprised once we entered through the backdoor, which led into the kitchen. It was then that I understood exactly why he felt the need to criticize my cleaning skills, and why my little mess had bothered him so much in the first place. Every appliance gleamed and sparkled, right down to the counters and cabinets, all like brand new. You could literally eat off the floors — without a plate. 
Wow.
He set the food on the kitchen island and began to unload it as I walked through the archway into the living room in awe.
“I’d give you a tour but there isn’t much else, just a bunch of empty rooms upstairs, unless you’d like to stay the night.” He offered with a smirk.
I stopped and smiled over my shoulder with deviance at his suggestion and then turned to fully face him,
“You just said the rooms were empty.” I pointed out.
“That can be changed easily in an instant.”
“Black magic?” I asked.
“Magick is magick. It’s only black if you use if for self-gain and sinister purposes.” He clarified.
I stared at him in fascination, marveling at the fact that he used to be an Angel. Here before the dawn of mankind, residing with God…the things he’s seen, he’s known, that he does know — he knows what God looks like, what and where he is! All the secrets of the universe like — are we the only ones out here? I had so many questions and I could spend countless days and hours asking them, though I was sure that he’d probably stick a permanent muzzle on me after a while.
“You’ve got stars in your eyes. Why are you looking at me like that?” He smiled.
I shrugged a shoulder. “I’m just amazed.” I smiled.
“At what?” he seemed bothered by my admiration of him.
“With you.”
“Are you sure amazed is the right word?” he joked.
“It’s the perfect word.”
He sighed, exhaling through his nose. Then he looked at me with what looked like his own amazement and there was a twinkle in his beautiful eyes. “Don’t let me fool you.” He winked.
“Oh don’t worry, you don’t fool me at all.” I giggled and continued on with my self-tour.
Demon, fallen, or not…I still couldn’t get being with him sexually out of my head, despite everything else and knowing it was taboo. I mean, we already made out anyway as it was. Now I knew why simply kissing him had felt like he was making love to my entire body, every sensitive area had come alive in response to the way he worked his mouth and tongue. I shivered just thinking about it again.
The entire farmhouse was spotless, fresh smelling, clean, and orderly. It looked like a brand new showcase home, complete with glossy wooden floors inside. It was nowhere near representative of what the outside conveyed. The walls were bright cream and spotless, all the way down to the wooden beams above and the moldings along the floors. It was on open floorplan, decorated with a nice, expensive looking couch, armchair, and coffee table sitting in front of a clean hearth and fireplace, and a cherry wood, fancy dining set complete with about eight chairs.
Music cued up from some unknown source, soft R. Kelly old school and I instantly smiled to myself. My entire perception of fallen had changed with Cam. I know it was easy to be fooled by a dark one because that was what they did best, but for some reason I couldn’t explain, I both believed and trusted him.
And for that, I may go to hell.
I heard him pop a bottle of wine or champagne and I was curious as to where that had come from, then again — where had the music come from? He was full of surprises and I hoped that was a good thing.
The doorbell rang, which scared the hell out of me. Cam was in the living room in a flash, with dark anger masking his face…making him look even dangerous now.
We both knew there was no reason for anyone to approach the farmhouse, let alone ring a doorbell that shouldn’t even be working. I could tell he already knew that it wasn’t any…human visitor.
“Go upstairs into the first room on the right and lock the door. Do not come out for any reason. I’m sealing you in and only I can enter, got it?” He told me.
My eyes widened and my legs wouldn’t move. I was scared.
“Go!” he urged.
With that, the door flew open swiftly, nearly ripping from its rusted hinges, and Cam was a blur, standing guard in front of me protectively.
Though I was shaking, I peered around him to see who or what it was.
“Hi, I’d like to talk to you about Jehovah and get your views on the end of the world, as it is coming…very soon.” He said with a devilish smirk.
There was a sharp dressed — extremely gorgeous, regal-looking young guy about my age at the door. His smile was unnaturally white, and he wore an expensive dark gray, three- piece suit, complete with briefcase in one hand, and a Watchtower magazine in other. He too, was also tanned and as tall as and muscularly built like Cam. His hair was a light caramel color with waves that had been brushed back neat and cleanly.
I retched as sudden violent spasms of intense cramping and nausea gripped my insides, making me fall to my knees with a hand cupped over my mouth.
Cam shot me a worried glance, not wanting to avert his attention completely away from the stranger at the door. Though he was blocking him from coming inside, the stranger had already managed to step just inside the doorway. He was looking directly at me now with an incredibly beautiful and handsome face.
However, the more I looked at him, the more my body kept trying to force me to vomit…it was obvious what he was. 
Someone was coming down the stairs, the footsteps light and quick but I heard them and I turned to look towards the stairway, gasping for air to quell the sickening feeling overpowering me. I didn’t know that anyone was else was here. Why would there have been? But it was her, the girl from the Laundromat…or another fallen apparently, when I remembered what the air around her felt like.
I couldn’t stand up straight in order to move or run on my own if I needed to, I felt way too ill and weak.
She moved swiftly towards me without a word, looking only once at Cam and the stranger at the door, before chanting something in a language I’ve never heard before.
Immediately, I felt some sort of warm sensation envelope me like a blanket, and then she quickly hoisted me up to my feet, allowing my full weight on her. My feet barely moved as she swiftly brought me upstairs and into the room that Cam had originally told me to go to. I couldn’t even walk but I didn’t need to, she was practically carrying me.
She led me to the bed and the door slammed shut firmly behind her on its own. I sat and watched as she went to the set of three large windows, and whispered more strange words, running her hand along the outline of each window quickly. Her hand was a blur as she moved from window to window. 
The nausea was lessening now but I still felt a twinge of sourness that made me thirst for fresh water. The room had been dim…and I thought that Cam said the rooms were empty. He had apparently worked some lightning fast magic in the last few moments.
She turned on a lamp without touching it as if she had suddenly realized that I could barely see anything. The room appeared clean and brand new too; complete with king- sized comfortable bed, sheets and nothing more than a side table with a lamp.
I glanced around, incredulous, my eyes finding hers again in wonder.
“You — you were at the Laundromat earlier.” I spoke first, admiring her curvaceous and slim physique, and her long, jet black, straight hair. 
“Yeah, it’s nice to finally meet you. Sorry about the spider.” She said, leaning against the wall next to the window with her arms folded across her chest. She glanced out of it every now and then — watching or looking for something.
I pursed my lips and frowned at her. 
I could hear faint voices downstairs, of Cam and the other being but it was in a language that I couldn’t understand.
“You live here with him?” I asked.
She smiled. “No, just dropping in for a favor.”
Being all that I knew now, I understood what she meant though I was still fascinated.
“I could use some water.” I said trying to muster enough saliva to swallow and get rid of the sour feeling in my stomach.
She sighed, reaching an arm up as if she were expecting to catch a fly ball, and then there was a sudden, soft, smack as her fingers curled around a water bottle that had apparently materialized from out of thin air to my unbelieving eyes and amazement. She stepped over to me and held the cold, brand new bottle of spring water out for me to take.
Shocked, I looked up at her unsurely.
“Oh I’m sorry, did you want imported?” She quipped sarcastically, seeing my hesitation.
“No. It’s fine. Thanks.” I said and reluctantly taking it and examining the contents and the seal on the cap for any tampering. I twisted the cap off and took my time before raising it to my lips and finally taking a long, refreshing, much needed drink.
That was so much better.
It was cold and it tasted even better than regular spring bottled water.
I wondered if that was because she had magically conjured it out of nothing right before my eyes.
Was this really water?
Oh well.
She sat down at the end of the bed and watched me down half the bottle. I had before capping and setting it back on the table next to the bed.
“What did you do to me downstairs? I felt some kind of warm sensation.” I wanted to know.
“It’s a spell of protection and it was just a safeguard.”
“A spell? A safeguard against what?” I was scared now.
“I can’t tell you that.” She said as she got up and peered out of the window again.
“Does it have anything to do with the uninvited guest?”
She laughed a bit. “Uninvited guest? That’s an understatement.”
“I guess he’s another fallen too then? One with bad intentions? What does he want?” I asked her, feeling myself begin to tremble with fear.
“Another fallen…uh yeah, you could say that. As far as what he wants, I think that’s a little obvious.” She looked at me when she said that.
My eyes went wide, the fear making my pulse race and my heart began to hammer hard enough to slip into my throat.
She eyed me with a smirk. “Don’t worry, one day soon you’ll be able to kick his ass and any other fallen who tries to come at you…maybe.”
I gave her a questioning look of confusion.
I heard sudden thumps, thuds, and what sounded like glass shattering. My reflex action was to jump up and run out to help.
“Chill. You’re acting as if there’s actually something you could do,” She chuckled and shook her head, as if all that commotion and noise was nothing to be concerned about.
“Something’s going on! Cam could be in trouble…” I said scooting off of the bed.
“And what are you going to do? Run out and get either taken or killed?”
She was right but I couldn’t sit up here and do nothing, especially after listening to what sounded like a big fight downstairs.
“Maybe he could use your help too.” I called her out.
She pursed her full lips. “Cam is fine. Don’t worry about him.” She assured.
Surely just as soon as she had said it, the sounds of a fight had ceased and it was quiet again, which sparked more worry and fear in me, thinking that something had happened to Cam.
“I don’t hear anything.” I was frantic. I went to the door and pressed my ear against it to listen.
There were voices, several of them. Deep voices, which told me they were all male, and they were all also speaking in the same strange language that I had heard earlier between Cam and that beautiful stranger.
“I hear several voices now. What’s going on? Who was that guy at the door?” I asked turning back to face her.
“You certainly ask a lot of questions. I guess I can’t blame you. The lid is already off the pot now, thanks to Cam,” She mumbled the last part.
She studied me and it made me a tad uncomfortable.
“So you’re a fallen too.” I stated more than asked.
She smiled.
“I’m Star. Sorry I didn’t introduce myself earlier. With the spider and all, it was a little off-putting,” I frowned at her.
“I know who you are.” She replied nonchalantly.
“Oh. And you are?” I led on for her to tell me who she was.
“You don’t need to know. There’s no point.” She snapped.
Rude, I thought but I didn’t pursue it.
She was leaning against the wall, looking at her manicure as if she were bored, when her expression suddenly changed. She then moved lithely towards the door. It opened by itself and she stepped out into the hallway.
“Come on,” She motioned with her head as if I should have been following her out.
I was nervous and afraid, wondering what happened and if Cam was okay. I wanted to call out to him as we descended the stairs.
I wrinkled my brows, looking around. The living room was as pristine and orderly as it had been when I first walked into it. Nothing was broken or in disarray at all. But it was warm and heavy with a layer of electricity and static lingering in the air. The sensation was a lot denser than it had ever been before and that made it almost stifling.
There was laughter and rumbling, deep voices coming from the kitchen where she led the way, expecting me to continue to follow her.
I did — though cautiously, still wondering where Cam went. When I entered the archway, I stopped with stunned apprehension but only until I saw one familiar face.
My hair automatically frizzed, crackled, and stood on end. I could only imagine what it looked like as I reached up to attempt to smooth it all down with no luck. The thin, silky material of my dress clung to me like fabric would, fresh from a dryer with no dryer sheet.
There were five guys…or fallen, and they were all the size of tall, muscular linebackers except with more girth and broader builds. They looked normal enough on the surface, like humans. They were all hovering over the food that Cam and I had brought back from the restaurant, gorging and smacking as if it was the last hot meal on Earth.
“You guys are pigs. Show a little class for a change.” The girl said.
“Class is my middle name, hon.” The one with a perfectly cut, reddish brown, long mohawk that draped over to one side said with a waggle of his thick brows at her.
“Short of two letters, you mean.” she grumbled with a grimace and a roll of her amethyst eyes in response to his comment.
It sounded like thunder when the others laughed at her comeback.
“They should have marinated the lamb longer with more rosemary.” Ray commented. 
“It tastes good to me.” the pale one with a platinum blond, crew cut replied. 
He shoved a thick piece of chicken into his mouth and chased it down with a bottle of some kind of amber colored liquor, straight.
Suddenly, they all stopped their bantering once I stepped fully into the kitchen. They all turned to look at me as if I were some strange alien. Initially, I felt the urge to run screaming from the house, especially when they all smiled. I couldn’t tell if it was friendly or diabolical in nature. 
My eyes instantly went to Ray. I should have known. Both he and Cam were good friends, which meant that he was one of the good guys too, right? They all were— I think.
The long, dark-haired one in the leather jacket grinned and nodded, while gazing me up and down.  “Nice. Oh, sorry was the steak yours?” He asked while pointing down at the demolished plastic containers. He was pale and he wore torn jeans and a studded leather decorated jacket with no shirt beneath, showcasing his cut abs, developed pecks — and no belly button. 
His hair was long, straight and dark, like the girl, but his bangs were long and fringed, hanging past his eyes. He wore sunglasses though, and from what I could see so far of his cut, square jawline… he was pretty good-looking. In fact, they all were, which further shattered the pre-misconceptions and images that I had of them through tales and dreams about shadows, demons, and fallen angels. No one had hooves, tails, or horns.
I was searching for wings or some evidence of that on each of their backs but I didn’t see any offhand in plain sight on them either. Unless this was all glamour, and that had me thinking that if it was, what did Cam really look like then? 
Not that it would change who he was to me and how I saw him now.
“No, uh — help yourself.” I said unsurely while looking over at the girl who simply smiled as she sipped a cup of something, enjoying my reaction.
He wiped his hands on his ripped jeans and held it out to shake with a perfect, playboy smile.
Did he have…fangs? Like, Vampire fangs?
I didn’t discount my eyes or that possibility given everything that was happening and what I now knew about Cam.
“I’m Ry, very nice to meet you.” He introduced like a gentleman.
I shook his hand and smiled. “Star.” I said trying to glimpse his teeth again.
The Mohawk haired one then chuckled and pointed at me. 
“A little conditioner might help that,” He mused with a nod to my hair. Then the platinum blonde one looked at me and they both chuckled.
I made another attempt to smooth my hair self-consciously again.
“Leave her alone dumbass, you guys know why.” The girl commented.
Why? I wanted to know that myself.
They all paused and gave me a once over again. I was beginning to feel both unnerved and awkward now. Where is Cam? I thought to myself again. I should have been terrified being in a room full of several fallen of this size but strangely, I wasn’t. 
“Hi Star, how are you? Do you remember me?” Ray then moved towards me with a big, toothy smile, bowing his large, bald head to greet me.
“I do. Hi Ray. I’m okay now, I guess,” I smiled at him as well.
“Good. Don’t worry about Cam, he’ll be back soon. Sorry we ate your food. Do you need anything?” Ray said sheepishly.
I shook my head. “No big deal. I’m really not hungry. Is he okay?” I then asked.
“Wow, you must be in love. Good, Ol’ Cam really turned on the charm this time for a change, I admire that.” The one with the platinum blonde hair grinned. “Just call me Mac.” He saluted.
“Nice to meet you, Mac.” I nodded.
What did he mean ‘turned on the charm this time?’
“He’s got a hell of a lot more self-control than I would have had, that’s for sure.” Ry commented with a naught grin.
“Damn. You mean Cam hasn’t…” Mac began to say but the girl cut him off.
“Apparently not, now shut the hell up about it!” She snapped.
“Well, they did do something — she’s got his scent all over her.” Mohawk winked at me. “Someone is a little spitefully jealous.” He then whispered with a nod to the girl. Then he, Mac, and Ry snickered among each other.  
Okay, they were speaking as if I weren’t even in the room here. I blushed knowing that they could obviously tell that we made out and the girl looked at me with an agitated glare, but she didn’t say anything more to me. I wondered if she and Cam had something going now or before and suddenly I was jealous too, because she was gorgeous.
The fifth guy didn’t speak. He appeared to be Asian to me and he was a big one as well. He was tanned like the others with the exception of Ry and the platinum blonde one. He sat on the counter, taking up most of the space, with completely blacked out eyes — staring silently at me with curiosity as if he were trying to size me up. His gaze gave me serious creeps. He wore what looked like a Shaolin monk or martial arts clothing to me, all black flowing with gold edging and embroidery.
Given the ones that I could see, they all had the same types of tattoos on their arms and hands as Cam did. I could see that Ray and the girl didn’t though and I wondered why.
“What do the tattoos mean?” I suddenly spoke up and asked.
It got quiet and all their eyes were on me now.
“Um…”Ray began, cutting his eyes to the girl.
“I don’t know what all Cam has told you but we’re limited on what we can say. You wouldn’t understand even if we could tell you, so stop asking questions, okay?” She said to me in exasperation.
In that instant, the ones on her forearms materialized into view and so did the ones on Ray’s arms.
I was floored, my mouth slightly agape seeing it happen.
They were all of different unique patterns and were either dark or dark red in color.
I felt like the odd man out. I wished Cam were here. Tiring of her agitated attitude about my simple curiosity, I glanced at the counter behind her and spied my purse, still lying where I put it originally when we first arrived here. Thinking of China and Joel just then, I wanted to call to check and see if they were still at the concert.
I walked over to retrieve my cell phone… feeling all of their eyes on me as I did. They even stared and watched me while I dug into my purse for it. I didn’t see any missed calls, which had me puzzled. China was supposed to call me when she left or got home.
I continued to walk past them all back into the living room, boots clicking on the hollow wood flooring and they all continued to watch me again.
“Where are you going?” The girl asked.
“Making a phone call, is that alright with you?” I said sharply with as much rudeness as I could return of hers towards me, and a barely half glance back at her.
“Ohh, snap!” Ry and the others teased and laughed to egg on and further instigate between us.
“That’s right, make an enemy out of her now.” Mac said to her.
“What difference will that make anyway?” Mohawk laughed.
“Well if it makes no difference, it shouldn’t matter what we say or what we tell her then now should it?” Ry commented.
“You want to run the risk of getting smote, be my guest,” She said before storming out of the kitchen, past me, and heading out of the front door.
They all sounded like typical young, human frat guys to me, which I found funny.  If she wanted to give me attitude, I was going to give one right back.
I sat in the armchair in front of the warmth of the crackling fire with semi relief that the static cling had finally fallen out of my dress and my hair stopped popping.
I tapped Joel’s number first.
It went straight to voicemail, which I found frustrating, unless he was avoiding my calls altogether. Was he still mad or upset with me? I called him back and left a message anyway. 
Then I called China and it rang several times, her voicemail also picked up. I sighed in annoyance. I didn’t have a good feeling about not being able to get a hold of either one of them. I called Steve –again it went straight to voice mail. What was the deal? Maybe they were all having such a good time or they couldn’t hear their phones ringing, which was a possibility too.
I didn’t know what to do at this point except wait for Cam to come back and have him take me back home. At least there I’d know if China made it okay. 
“Don’t mind her.” I heard a deep voice soothe and it gave me a start.
Ray sat his huge bulk on the couch slowly with a smile.
I smiled. “Does her have a name?”
“Yes, but it’s up to us individually to give it.”
I nodded. “So does she not like me because I’m human or because I’m with Cam?”
He laughed, a deep rumbling sound. “No, she likes you. She and Cam are good friends and she wouldn’t be here to help if she didn’t.”
I raised a brow. “Oh, so she’s just naturally bitchy?”
He laughed again. “She’s actually a very kind and gentle being. We are all bound to laws that keep us from revealing certain things to mortals, that’s all. It’s nothing personal.” Ray defended her and explained.
“But once a mortal figures it out and knows, does it still apply? I mean, I’m sitting here with all of you and I know what you are now.”
He thought for a moment appearing confused. “Well, in your case I think it may be different but I’m not sure. I’d rather Cam explain, he holds more favor and authority.”
“Authority?” I quizzed.
Ray smacked the top of his large, bald head and shook it as if he regretted saying that.
“I’ve probably said too much.”
I smiled. “Fair enough. I don’t want to get you into trouble. It’s gotten quiet in there, is everyone gone?” I then asked.
He smiled in relief that I had let him off the hook with my constant questions.
“Just two. Cam wanted me to stay with you until he returned.”
I wanted to ask why he felt the need to leave someone to watch over me but I didn’t want to keep asking questions that he couldn’t answer. Ray seemed really gentle natured.          “Did he say where he went?” I asked leaning forward in the chair now.
“Don’t worry, he’ll be fine.”
“Well, I wanted to get back home soon. I’m worried about my friends. They went to that concert and I didn’t have a good feeling about it then. Now, I can’t get a hold to either of them. No offense, but I saw a lot of shadows slinking around earlier and wherever they are, I know that bad things happen.” I told him.
He nodded. “You’re right, I understand.”
I sighed.
“Okay, one more question and I promise, I won’t ask anymore — only because I already saw him.”
Ray sighed but smiled anyway. “I’ll answer if I can.”
“Who was the fallen that showed up at the door? The one Cam confronted?” I asked.
He sucked in a breath between his teeth in consternation.
My cell phone rang in my hand before he could answer and I would have just let it go to voicemail so Ray could answer me if I hadn’t seen that it was China on the display.
“It’s my friend.” I said to Ray as I got up and walked towards the other side of the living room.
“China?” I spoke first.
“Hey, are you still on your date?”
She sounded strange to me for some reason but I figured she might be drunk. Hearing her voice was a relief though and ….I hoped that this wasn’t her one phone call from jail.
“Sort of, what’s up? Are you okay? Have you heard from Joel?” I asked.
“No, I haven’t. I’m fine…I’m home, just not feeling so good. I’m gonna turn in. I’ll see you when you get here.”
“Not feeling good? What’s wrong?”
“Nothing, probably something I ate. You know…good old runs.” She chuckled.
“Oh. So how did the interview go?”
“Fine, it went well.”
She didn’t sound as enthused as she had been earlier about it, maybe she really was feeling sick.
“Okay well I wanna hear all about it. You want me to get some ginger ale or pepto on the way home for you?”
“No, don’t worry about it. Are you coming home soon though?”
“Well, I hadn’t planned on it but I can if you need me to. Are you sure you’re alright?”
“I just need to talk.” She said softly.
What was wrong with her? I suddenly remembered about what happened to Professor Phillips and how he must have been depressed to have tried to commit suicide after his possession. I panicked.
“Yeah, I’m coming home now. You sure you don’t need anything?” I asked again.
“I’m sure. I’ll see you when you get here. I love you.” China said.
“I love you too.”
She hung up first.
I had a bizarre feeling about that call but I couldn’t figure out why. It just didn’t sound like China. And if she was sick or feeling bad, it wasn’t like Steve to leave her alone either.
I tried to call Joel again real quick, and again it went straight to voicemail. I guess I should just head over to his place after the Y tomorrow.
“Hey Ray, do you think Cam would mind if you took me home instead? My roommate just called and she sounded really sick. I’m worried about her.” I asked him.
“Uh…sure, I don’t mind. Hang on a second.” He replied.
I wondered what he was doing because he went silent for a moment.
“Okay, let’s go.” He smiled as he stood up.

~~~***~~~

In a way, I was kind of upset that Cam hadn’t returned yet and that he had given Ray the green light to take me home. Then I got to thinking, there were many things I discovered tonight that were not of this earthly realm. I don’t know what happened or what was going on but I was worried about him too, I mean it wasn’t like I could call him on the cell phone right now, I think.
I got to hear all about Ray’s knowledge, appreciation, and fascination with food and cuisine, which I didn’t mind at all. He loved to cook and there was nothing wrong with that. It made him seem human in many ways, which I found admirable. He wanted to know about the University and what Jamaica was like, although I don’t know why he couldn’t just go there himself anytime, they all could. I supposed it was just for small talk. I made it a point not to ask any more questions that he couldn’t answer or about Cam, even though the curiosity and my want to know everything drove me nuts.
I noticed that we were being followed by a motorcycle the entire way in Ray’s suburban and it looked like Ry from what I could see. Ray confirmed it when I asked. Apparently, Cam wanted them both with me. I must be in real danger or something and I believe it had something to do with whoever that fallen was who had rang the doorbell at the farmhouse.
“Is there some reason why Ry looks like a vampire?” I quipped with a smirk.
Ray laughed heartily at that one. “Where do you think you humans got the idea of vampires from?”
I couldn’t help but smile.
It was colder outside than it was earlier, and it was late by the time I got back to the apartment. I’ve never felt so glad to be home right now but I really wished it had been Cam to bring me. I almost began to feel as if I’d never see him again for some reason.
“Thanks Ray. Good night.” I waved, after getting out of the suburban.
“Good night. We’ll be around.” He smiled and waved.
Ry was parked adjacent in the parking row behind us and I waved at him too.
He saluted back.
There were several groups of students all along the sidewalk near the entrance to the front of my apartment building. It was buzzing with chatter, people on their cell phones, some of the girls were crying, so I immediately began to think the worst.
The shadows did strike again after all.
“Hey, what happened?” I asked the girl who looked at me with puffy, teary eyes.
She sniffed. “I don’t know yet but we’re all trying to find out. There was some accident with the fire show that got out of control at the concert and the fire spread really freaking fast. A lot of people got trampled, so there’s a lot of injuries and some fatalities from what we’ve heard. They’re not letting anyone near the area right now.” She sobbed with a hand over her mouth.
My mouth fell and my gut wrenched. I guessed everyone out here had friends or relatives that had been there. China could have been there but she was home now. Where had Joel been though?
“Oh my God.” I whispered. I had known something like that was going to happen.
I felt sick. All those people and the kids that I saw there too.
I immediately ran towards the lobby of my building, fumbling with my ID badge. I scanned it and ran up the stairs as fast as I could in heels, almost tripping through the heavy wooden door while pulling it open. I ran down the corridor with keys in hand, cursing at how shaky my hands had become when I tried to insert the key into the lock.
I finally got the door open. The apartment was dark except for the overhead light above the stove, the way China always left it for me. I ran to the television and turned it on, taking care not to turn the volume up too high in case China was sleeping already. I scanned a few local news stations until I came to the one showing live coverage of the horrific scene.  
The fire blaze was huge in the distance and the screams of ambulances and fire trucks could be heard behind the reporter who was going over the current events. It looked like some burning inferno in hell. I paled — feeling somewhat responsible because I had seen the shadows and I knew that something catastrophic was going to happen but I hadn’t said anything.
“Officials aren’t clear on the exact cause of this devastating fire and investigators won’t be able to begin the work until all the hazards and the fires have been cleared. Eyewitnesses say that a pyrotechnic show during the group Army Oblivions performance, set off a chain reaction of explosions that quickly ignited several nearby banners and kiosks.” The reporter began, and then the camera cut to a lanky girl who had been crying. Her eyes were wild and her dark make up had been smeared around her eyes and face.
“I don’t know…it happened so fast. It was like, the singer was introducing the next song and he said something like, let the gathering begin and then the flames shot up from the sides of the stage… and they didn’t even look like normal flames, they looked like snakes and dragons. They were nowhere near anything that could catch on fire but stuff did and people all thought it was part of the show until someone started screaming. Then everyone was running all of a sudden. Oh my god, I still can’t believe it…” The girl sobbed and sniffed, still in shock and disbelief.
The scene cut back to the reporters in the newsroom. “Unbelievable and tragic. Traffic is being diverted and the entire area has been blocked off within a mile radius as fire crews and EMS continue to arrive. What we know is so far officials have stated that there have been reports of a multitude of injuries and fatalities…” 
I turned the volume all the way down to near mute.
I felt sick and numb when I swallowed hard, feeling the cold lump that had formed in my throat. I quickly jumped up to change out of my dress, stockings, and boots into sweats, a t-shirt, jacket, and my Chuck Taylors. I needed to check on Joel but it went straight to voicemail again after dialing his number. I was getting really worried about him now. That was unlike him. Worst case scenario, his phone was lost, dead, or broken but I doubted that. I was getting scared and worried for him.
I knocked on China’s door with my car keys in hand before leaving.
“China?” I called.
She didn’t answer.
I knocked again and opened the door.
“China?” I called again.
I flipped on the light and to my shock — she wasn’t here.
Her bed was made and it hadn’t even been slept in at all.
What? She had called me and told me that she was home…that she was sick.
Oh my god…I said to myself, looking through my phone in disbelief to make sure she had indeed called me.
I knew something sounded off and different about her but I couldn’t place it, and now she wasn’t here, which only meant one thing. 
It hadn’t been her.
She had still been at the concert.
Then who or what called me from her phone then?
My heart beat wildly with fear and trepidation, fuelling my adrenaline.
No, no…please no! My mind screamed as I ran out of the apartment and shot back downstairs. I think Ray and Ry were still out in the parking lot. I could catch a ride with them and explain to them what was going on and why. I don’t think I would have been able to drive myself right now without getting into a wreck and if anyone could get us into the concert to get my friends — beings with magical powers could.
The crowd was still on the sidewalk outside. I pushed through them and ran all the way down the walkway towards the parking lot but I was stopped short…in both shock and relief, though I wondered why he was even here.
It was Drake.
“Drake? What are you doing here?” I asked in confusion.
He smiled. “I wanted to see if you were alright.”
What made him think something was wrong with me? I’d never told him where I lived either…angel or not, there was something that was not right about this situation.
Then again, he didn’t know that I had been out with Cam either.
“I’m okay but I’ve gotta go. There was a bad fire that broke out at the concert downtown…” I began.
“I know but you won’t be able to get there. Traffic is blocked. There won’t be much that you can do.”
“I have to! My friends might have been there!” I shouted as tears formed in my eyes.
I knew he was right but I felt helpless. I couldn’t lose them even if there was nothing I would be able to do, I had to try and do something.
“There are emergency crews already there. It’s their job, so just pray.” He soothed.
I looked at him through my tears and in my realization, I remembered that he was the angel. If any being could do something —he could.
“Prayer won’t work right now! There’s no time! I need your help please, Drake. Would you please make sure that my friends China, her boyfriend Steve, and Joel are all safe and okay? I’m praying for you to help me to help them…I know what you are!” I sobbed and blurted aloud, no matter how silly I sounded or who heard me.
He looked at me with suspicious peculiarity. “You know what I am?” He repeated, as if I’d lost my mind.
Tears were streaming down my face now. I didn’t have time for this. I didn’t want to lose anyone else I loved…I couldn’t.
“Yes.” I sobbed.
He licked his lips and paused as if he were ruminating something and then his eyes met mine.
There was a strange glimmer in them.
“Come.” He held a hand out to me.
“Please! Can’t you just…” I cried in frustration, unable to catch my breath.
“Can’t I just what? Come with me, Star. I’ll help you.” he urged with his hand still extended for me.
There was something different about his face. He no longer held the iridescence that he had beneath the surface of his skin, like when I first met him in the church —and he no longer looked like Antonio Sabato Jr to me anymore, he appeared— blank.
Even though Cam didn’t confirm that he was an angel, he didn’t deny it either, so I assumed that he was…but then something else came to me at that exact moment. Earlier in my room, when I had searched for anything regarding whether or not demons could disguise themselves as angels — the disembodied whisper I had heard in response had been — yes. 
Someone had called me pretending to be China, to get me to come back home, back here — where Drake shows up out of nowhere.  
I eyed him suspiciously, taking a tentative step towards him, and the closer I got…the more the static sensation began to build.
‘They can’t hurt or claim you unless you willingly give yourself to them’…it was both Cam and Drake’s words echoing in my head.
I gasped and stopped short, realizing what he had been trying to get me to do with his hand out. A gap of two or three feet remained between us.
“What’s wrong?” He asked calmly. 
He took a step towards me. I took a step backwards turning around to see the group of people still outside and further up the walkway, and then over to the direction of the parking lot where Ray and Ry were still sitting and watching.
“Star, stop and think. Remember what I’ve told you. This is the very reason why I said that you must be vigilant and watch for demons. They come in all forms. You’ve been around them recently and they’ve messed with your state of mind. They are very cunning and deceitful and you of all people need to be aware and understand that.” He reminded me.
I almost believed his words when I turned to face him again but then something in the back of my mind urged me to continue to back away from him. So I did, and then I turned around and began to run back towards the parking lot. My eyes were frantically darting around for Ray’s suburban or Ry on his motorcycle. 
Once there, I began to scout the rows of parked cars. I didn’t see Ry or Ray or maybe they were on the other side…I couldn’t remember! Surely they could see me though, couldn’t they? Maybe Drake had been right, never trust demons. Maybe this had all been a set up. On the verge of a full-blown panic attack with tears burning my eyes, I ran for my own car. I nearly slipped on the pavement when I skidded to a halt, caught in the glare of two super bright headlights — coming straight at me.

XXI: Cam`ael

Though I wanted so badly to continue to kiss her, I knew it would lead to other bad things, and I already wanted her more than anything in my existence…even more than I had wanted Eve. There was no way I could participate in getting her either condemned or marked. I cared too much about her, regardless of what she would become.
Nothing could have compared to both the rage and shock of seeing Morning Star at the door right at that moment, and having no idea why or what he planned with his unannounced arrival. 
He had the power, the cruelty and the instability of mind to do anything deadly at any given moment. I supposed he was paying me back for the way I had dropped in on him last but I knew that this unexpected arrival consisted of much more than that. Morning Star never made a personal appearance unless he planned on doing or taking something, and it was evident what he wanted to take by showing up here.
He had known where I was either via Berith’s earlier visit or by scanning for Star’s aura from the spirit realm. I had immediately summoned Edanai for assistance to shield Star and take her upstairs before Morning Star could exact any magick on her, which would have prevented the both of us from keeping her from him. Once she was safe upstairs, I had already begun coiling light into my fists —ready to slam into him if he made any sudden moves.
I would keep the conversation in Demonic speak for Star’s sake.
“What the hell are you doing here?” I spat through clenched teeth, once I initially moved in front her protectively.
He smiled and stepped inside before I could block and keep him from the doing so.
“Annoying isn’t it? You know, when guests drop in unannounced or uninvited? What, you’re not gonna invite me in?” He looked around the room. “Nice place. I like the camouflage. Good thinking, no one would ever think anyone would be living here…I almost didn’t.” He eyes found Star as he was looking her over if she were his already.
I hated him for that.
Being a chosen, and the fact that she was still mortal, his presence was making her violently sick and I was powerless to stop her reaction as long as he was here.
Rage and an all-out preemptive attack on my part was about to explode into full-on combat between us if Edanai hadn’t gotten her upstairs as quickly as she had.
He glared at me momentarily as if he expected me to jump him first. Then he grinned slyly in a way that told me that he would counter me just as swiftly with his own deadly strike easily if I even thought about it.
“That’s her… in the flesh? Wow. Accept my apologies Cam. I understand why it is that you want her so much, too. She shines like a brand new diamond, doesn’t she?”
“Why are you here?” I stated again even harsher.
I was growing hot with black rage and I know he was picking up on it, which apparently amused him. He was testing my patience on purpose, wanting me to do something first. Something he was quite good at doing, I have to admit.
“Like the disguise? I thought it’d be funny what with this Halloween holiday coming up. I’ve always wanted to be a Jehovah’s Witness. Did I get it right? I figured it would be hilarious to show up on one of their doorsteps or even another priest and see if they would even realize who they were talking or preaching to.” He laughed while holding his arms out, so I could get a better look at his entire ensemble. Then he adjusted his tie.
I rolled my eyes. Apparently, someone in his legion appreciated his humor enough for him to continue on as if everyone else would too.
“Don’t you have a concert to host?”
“They don’t need me there. You know as well as I do that when you want something done right, you have to do it yourself. I have other more important things to attend to and collect as per our deal, remember?”
“It hasn’t been two daybreaks yet.” I reminded him.
“No, but you have her now, so why wait? I kept my end of the deal and you’ve done well. I appreciate that. I have to admit that at first I thought you were full of shit when you said you’d be able to get her so quickly. You’ve got dinner, soft music, candle light. Damn, you are tha cold blooded Casanova. You da man Cam!” He pointed both fingers at me like guns and then did a little slow dance jig with himself.
I eyed him with disgust, envisioning myself sliding my black sword straight though his forehead and pulling down to split his entire vessel in half while blinding him with light.
“What good is she to you while still mortal? It isn’t like she’s giving herself to you willingly. You’re limited.” I told him.
He seemed to think about that for a moment as if it was something he’d never considered.
“Hmmm, major dilemma.” He put a finger to his lips with a perplexed expression. Then his entire face faded into seriousness, the dark, dangerous and unpredictable one I knew well.
“Just hand her over to me. I came in peace and she’s all I want, Cam.” He presented calmly —the calm before the storm.
There was more to this than I knew of apparently or he was damned sure of himself in anticipating that he’d be able to get her to choose darkness…to choose — him.
Was that it? Did Morning Star want her for the same reasons that I did? 
No, no way. I then thought. Not him. 
He didn’t have a solitary positive, feeling, caring, sympathetic, loving, or generous cell in his entire make up. But he was definitely up to something, something that required her to remain mortal for now.
I had a feeling that whatever it was, Elohim already knew this, which was why he had granted me the opportunity to meet and be with Star in the first place. He wanted me to keep her protected from the other legion and more importantly, from Morning Star.
He had known what he was doing all along. 
How could I have ever questioned or doubted him?
“Why do you really want her?” I asked him.
He groaned and rolled his eyes this time. “Do we really need to go over this again? Why do you want her so much?” He challenged.
“Well, I’ll say this much. It isn’t because she’s the only one that I could never get or have, that’s for sure.” I replied with a smirk.
That wiped the smile completely from his face and all the humor he had when he first arrived, had gone. I felt the heat and electricity of building dark power coming from him, and his eyes went completely black, sclera’s and all.
I summoned the ones in my legion who had been nearby already, and at the same time I was ready to strike. Light flickered at the tips of my fingers, steadily glowing with the intensity of the power within them. I was sure that he had his own high arch demons at the ready to assist if need be as well because he knew me, and I knew him.
“Don’t fuck with me, Cam`ael!” He hissed.
Had I hit a raw nerve, finally? I chuckled to myself.
“As I said, it hasn’t been two daybreaks yet! You’re the one who’s going back on your word. Patience has never been your virtue but the terms came out of your own mouth. I have her now and I will have her then. I’ll keep her alive but I’m not so sure how easy that will be when there is another rogue legion that you may have some competition with.” I stated.
Rahab, Macai, Atiro, Nayrez, and Ryziel ghosted in covertly positioning themselves all around the farmhouse for the most optimal advantage over him, if needed.
“What the fuck are you talking about?” Morning Star rasped.
“Another legion is after her as well — for breeding purposes, obviously, so if you want to keep her out of their hands, you’d better refocus your minions and servants to start hunting and seeking them out instead of trying to get at her. Her blood has already been spilled twice thanks to your guys, so now Elohim watches you closely. She’s fragile and she’s human. All it will take is one mishap and once she is dead she will no longer be of use or good to either of you. She will become a threat,” I warned him.
He was silent for a minute.
“What legion is this?” He finally asked, narrowing his eyes at me.
“I’m trying to find that out.” I replied.
“You’re lying.” He grimaced, his eyes returning to their aqua blue color with sideways black pupils.
“I could give a damn if you think I’m lying or not. One more daybreak and until then I’d better not see or smell you anywhere that I am!” I warned him.
He sneered. “Don’t ever threaten me. I don’t appreciate you fucking my leftovers either but no worries. If you want Berith, you can have her. She’s all yours…well, as she is now anyway. I mean you may want to look at her again before deciding. You may not even recognize her.” He smiled broadly.
I glared at him in fury.
I had to calm and control myself from going berserk all over him and tearing him apart piece by piece with my bare hands.
“One more daybreak.” He said through clenched teeth while holding up an index finger, and a quick glance all around the house.
He knew my friends were here and that was probably why he backed down so quickly though it was somewhat unlike him. I did find it surprising that he came without any backup let alone summoned anyone himself — not that he needed to. 
Before he ghosted away, he wiggled his fingers and set off a chain reaction that shattered glass, splintered wood, punched holes in the walls, and chipped paint off the walls, completely damaging and destroying what I had put together and cleaned up for the sake of simply making a mess. He knew how much I hated filth and disorder but as much as it had pissed me off, I let him do it to prevent any other kind of altercation, for now.
 Getting him to leave without incident and Star was a miracle longshot but it had worked and it helped to add more eyes to the hunt for who was leading this unknown rogue legion.
Once he left, my friends ghosted into the house more than likely to see if there was anything to eat or a fight in progress.
“Damn childish bastard. You need any assistance to clean this up?” Macai noted, looking around at the damage.
“No.”
I held my arms up, palms out towards either sides of the room. Gesturing, I turned in a three sixty circle and pointing and directing my power around the entire room, which reversed each and every thing that had been damaged, stripped, broken, or torn. Each broken item repaired and reverted back to brand new, which in turn completely took away all traces of trash, paint, wood chips, and dust. The entire process had taken less than five minutes.
“I think he’s afraid of you, man. I’ve seen him obliterate other fallen and demons for a lot less lip and defiance, believe that,” Nay commented.
“Shit, I was looking forward to some bloodshed,” Ryziel said.
“Got anything to eat or cook? Or would you like me to find a live young lamb?” Rahab offered.
I gave him a quizzical look. We weren’t in the spirit realm. What was he thinking?
 Good old Rahab.
“Maybe for later, when we all return back home.” I reminded him.
Atiro simply sat in the corner quietly with a nod of acknowledgement. He never spoke out loud and he had his reasons. His beliefs were that actions were more reliable and believable rather than speech, and since enemies were always listening — he would give them nothing to listen to. He had a good point. I admired and respected that ideal. He had been a trustworthy friend for many, many years.
“I can’t believe he’s going through all of this for…what’s her name?” Nayrez asked with a nod at ceiling toward the second floor.
“Star.” Rahab answered.
“And she’s a chosen.” Ryziel reminded them, as if they all didn’t know that much simply by her aura.
They all turned to look at me with shared perplexed surprise.
“Aw shit, don’t tell me this is all for love, Cam. Seriously?” Nayrez looked at me painfully.
“Love is not the only issue at hand. She’s a chosen. It can’t get any crazier than that but hey, I support you my man.” Ryziel grinned at me with a salute.
“Leave it to you, Cam. I don’t even know why I’m surprised.” Macai smirked.
“I’ll need to head back to the concert. I need to check on some things. Nay, you wanna go with me?” I asked
“Sure, I’m heading back home after though. I got a piece waiting for me.” He obliged with a smile and a lick of his lips.
“A piece of what? I’ve seen that gargoyle you were with last night.” Macai shivered as if the girl Nay had waiting was that hideous. He and Ry burst into teasing laughter.
Nay flipped him off.
“You’d better summon me if it turns into a fight,” Ryziel demanded.
“How big a fight?” I asked.
“If there’s even just one fallen, demon, void, or imp involved then that’s good enough for me.” Ry he rubbed his hands together and flexed them.
 I shook my head with a snort of laughter at his eagerness, 
“In the meantime, I’d appreciate if you all hung out here for a while to watch over her, just in case as a favor for me. You don’t have to introduce yourselves if you don’t want to and and don’t discuss anything, same rules. She only knows what we are, that’s it.” I told them.
I needed Edanai to do me another favor as well. I hoped she wouldn’t mind, given that she was irritated when I summoned her to quickly take care of Star for me after Morning Star arrived. However, I knew that she may not resist this favor.
“I need one more thing, please.” I spoke first.
I heard her sigh. “What is it Cam? She’s already been asking a million and one questions and it’s getting on my nerves.”
I laughed. “The others are here now, and they will stay with her. When you get a moment, I’d like you to see if you can find her friend Joel. It’ll be tricky and maybe you can figure out what kind of aura he has. I couldn’t make it out.”
She was silent. “You sure he’s not a void?”
“No, he isn’t a void. He can’t be.”
“He could be a scout the. Their auras are jagged, like camouflage to the enemy and if you and I can’t make it out, well…it must be for light.”
“Wouldn’t she have picked up on that? He has been her friend for a while.” I asked.
“No, not necessarily.”
“Can you find out and bring him here to the farmhouse. She’d be upset if he got hurt or worse at the concert.”
She groaned. “Cam, this is all so pointless. This is major interference.” Edanai replied.
“No, it really isn’t. Could you do this, please?”
“I don’t even know what he looks like, how will I find him?” She asked.
“She’s got pictures of him in her cell phone. Go as soon as you get a chance, soon though. Thanks again Edanai. Nay and I are going to the concert to see what’s happening and to get her other friend China if she’s still there. We’ll all meet up back here later.”
I took her silence and lack of protest as her agreement, thankfully.
With that, both Nay and I left. I reverted back to my police officer uniform and recalled the police cruiser that I had been using. It would work better to maneuver around the concert area without hindrance or question, especially by mortals. Nay actually looked forward to playing the role of a police officer as well. He had never done that so we arrived at the concert as police partners.
Funny, I hadn’t heard from Drakael in a while since earlier. I supposed he had finally given up and reported me to Elohim for failing to follow through on a request.
Though I now understood why things were playing out the way they were so far, it actually surprised me because I was sure that I would get some sort of backlash for having kissed Star, but so far I hadn’t yet. 
I didn’t plan on pushing the limits but I’d come pretty damn close if it meant keeping her safe tonight. That was the main reason why I didn’t bother to bring her to the concert to begin with. I was trusting and relying on my own instincts this time.
Nay did a sweep from above to scope out the perimeter of the concert in order to find the line of tour buses in the behind the main stage. The portal that had been beneath the stage was massive, large enough for any number of beasts and shadows to enter, and an even bigger horde of people and souls to make an exit.
I hadn’t even expected this kind of turnout but I suppose that Morning Star did. There had to have been thousands of young people in the crowd. They were all unsuspecting, and all vulnerable to become victims whose either soul or physical bodies would be swallowed up into the spirit realm, and straight into Morning Star’s lap as toys and food.
And Drakael wanted me to bring her here?
Not a chance! 
Nay ghosted back into the patrol car where I remained parked behind an alleyway between two buildings. Then, we pulled out and merged into traffic with lights flashing, in order to push through quicker.
“There’s a row of ten black buses all sitting like chuck wagons from the wild west days. I don’t know what her friends’ aura looks like but I think I saw her. Tall, lily-white, short brownish red hair, green eyes?” Nay reported, going by a photo of her at her at Star’s apartment that I had taken. 
“Sounds like her. Where did you see her?” 
“There’s a party backstage, surrounded by those dark divine and a few fallen. She was among the crowd of people there, a little drunk. They’ve got a couple of stripper shows going and some kind of orgy in two of the buses. That’s why it took me so long.” Nay grinned and bit his bottom lip. 
I sighed and gave him a look of derision. Nay snickered and threw up his hands. “I just watched for a second or two. I didn’t participate. Anyway, they’re paying extra special attention and care to her and her boyfriend though. I think they’re gonna try to use them as bait to lure or blackmail Star into coming out, if you know what I mean.”
“More than likely. Any sign of Morning Star, the angels, or Drakael around?”
“Not back there. Morning Star is gonna hit the jackpot here, yet again,” Nay whistled and shook his head.
I sighed internally. Nothing I can do about that even if I wanted to. It wasn’t my place anyway.
“The group Army Oblivion is on stage right now — big time dark divine and fallen in that group. Lots of fallen around here but I can’t tell if it’s one of Morning Star’s or that other legion. Keep going this way and make a left then follow it around. It’s barricaded with police cars, so you’ll blend in and we can easily get back out this way. Several fights have broken out already, one of them near the right side of the stage adjacent to the backstage area so we’ve got a cover if we enter from there… or we can do it the traditional way. I’ve already glimpsed the area. So what’s the plan?”
I glanced around as we drove through slowly, looking for any of the dark divine or fallen nearby but only seeing rolling shadows creating dark clouds beneath the feet of unsuspecting humans. Traditional, meant ghosting in or staying cloaked and that was going to have to be our only option to surprise them all. Whatever we’d have to do…we’d do.
“Once we make it in, I’ll set off a flash of light that’ll take them all out or at least blind them for a while so you stay clear until I give you the word. Then we’ll go in, get her and get out.” I explained.
“What about her boyfriend?”
I shrugged a shoulder. “If he’s there with her then he’s lucky. We’ll take him too.” 
Nay nodded. “I think he was. So you wanna pretend that they’re under arrest for some bullshit and cuff them?”
“Yeah, I think that’s what we’re gonna have to do. Worse come to worst, we’ll just knock them out with a curse.”
“Tell me, how did you do it? What spell did you put on her? I thought that was forbidden especially if she was a chosen. I didn’t think that would work on her.” Nay suddenly asked me out of the blue.
“How did I do what?” I looked at him.
“Make her fall for you like that. She knows what you are even though she doesn’t know what she will be.”
I was hesitant on answering the question and even more curious as to why Nay wanted to know. I supposed because it was unheard of and never allowed to happen at all, for obvious reasons.
“I didn’t do anything. I wasn’t allowed to do anything and I requested permission.”
His was confused. “Permission? Why? How? He spoke and allowed you to be with her?”
“Not necessarily allowed me to be with her. He allowed me to meet her but I had rules to follow. I didn’t do anything to her. For once, I was just who I was and I care about her — very much.” 
“So that’s how it’s done, huh? But what’s the point, Cam? It isn’t like you at all.”
I thought about that.
“I never said this was how it’s done. There doesn’t always have to be a point to something. We know that better than any being out there. Being lonely and forever full of sorrow is pointless.”
He looked at me strangely, as if I’d grown horns and hooves, and then he laughed. “So how come you haven’t deflowered her yet? She is a virgin.”
I just shook my head. “She’s not just a simple source and being of pleasure to me. She means way more than that. She’s going to choose light and she should. I’m not going to influence that otherwise and ruin her.” I replied.
“I wouldn’t call it ruin,” He shrugged a shoulder.
“Then what would you call it? What if I impregnated her?” I cut a sideways glance at him.
He inhaled a breath and turned to look at me with a serious edge,
“How can you stop that from happening? At some point, you’re going to want her physically. The want is driving you insane right now, I know it.”
“What I feel for her is much stronger.”
Nay studied me as if trying to understand why I was trying to fight against my own lustful desires.
He blew out a breath and shook his head. “Man, you are in love and apparently she must love you too. She kept asking Edanai if you were okay from upstairs…made me want to throw up.” He joked.
I laughed.
I heard her too. Knowing that, was enough to get me through the next possible millennia without her and face what was about to happen a little easier. 
“Alright, ready?” I asked once I parked the cruiser and killed the engine.
“Yep.” Nay affirmed.
“You lead the way. I’ll follow and we’ll come in from opposite sides but only after I give you the all clear. Hopefully this will go quick and smooth without incident. Let’s keep this as covert as possible.”
We both ghosted from the patrol car into our spirit forms, hovering above the massive crowd below, and taking in every aura of every being we knew. The band was on stage, smoke curling around the audience as they cheered to wailing guitars, and the heavy thumping of drums. If they listened carefully enough, which most mortals didn’t, not that they would have picked up on it anyway, they could hear the chanting beneath the words of the song.
The tops of the tour buses formed a perfect square around a group of both fallen, dark divine, and drunk young people, both male and female, who were all being set up for the taking in the middle of it. The stink of fallen, demons, voids, imps, and dark divines was palpable and strong. I waited for Nay to move in from the left and then back out to create a diversion before I dove in from the right.
They all instantly knew who I was, and immediately wards and powers were thrown at us, which luckily — I had expected. I pulled light up from within me, forming a ball and filling it with energy before releasing it like an atom bomb.
Screaming, the gnashing of teeth, cursing and howling could only describe the instant aftermath from the light I had released. I quickly pulled it back in amid the confusion, smoking remains of shadows, imps, and demons, as well as a few dark fallen lie all around, disintegrating. I continued to move through the crowd, spying Nay who waited to move in from the opposite side. I gave him the signal.
The humans were oblivious to what had just happened, thinking it had been some sort of special effect that was part of the show. They cheered and cursed, expressing how wicked that had been… and then there was a different explosion.
The smell of heat and fire sparking in orange red flames from the front of the stage began to billow followed by pops and crackles. More cheers, applauding and then — the screams erupted.
It had all happened within a breadth of a second after my own flash and then I heard a furious growl of rage.
“Cam`ael!” the dark fallen howled.
Through the smoke, it took me a moment to figure out who had the nerve to call out my name in front of so many humans. Something, heavy, foul, and fetid crashed into me like a falling boulder. I grunted as I was pushed backwards and we both went flying until I was slammed into the ground, back first.
I wielded my weapon as soon as I heard the metal chink of the fallen above me wield his own.
“You’ve got balls…” He growled before stabbing downward.
I twisted to the right, unable to get my weapon up in time before his blade stabbed into my shoulder.
I gritted my teeth at the searing dark power that was flowing from its edge into me, trying to snake its way into my being and permeate the light within. My shoulder burned and throbbed in blinding pain. When he pulled the blade out to stab again, I took that second to push up with one hand around his throat, driving him backwards and smashing him into a burning fire. He laughed and reveled in pleasure as he swung his blade again.
I sliced my sword straight into his belly driving light down the length of it into him, causing him to screech and implode into oily mist.
I didn’t even stop to think when I sensed, smelled, and heard another pack coming for me from behind. I spun around with my sword out, cutting a clear line to catch and slice several demons through their torso’s, heads, and stomachs — all at once.
 Humans were screaming everywhere, running in panic, and trampling each other in order to escape harms way, though blindly, through the thick and acrid smoke that began to surround them in a dark and fiery prison.  
Fire was catching quickly and conveniently. I doubted that there’d be any hope for many to get out at all. Morning Star knew exactly what to do and it was working. Shadows swarmed over the fallen bodies of people who had either been trampled, lay dead, or were dying —hovering in order to siphon the souls as they exited. 
Well, this covert operation didn’t go as planned.
Swarms of fallen and demons were tossing people through the portal, as if they were nothing more than sandbags, and they flew into the shimmering dark portal, screaming in terror.
I held a hand firmly to the wound in my shoulder. It still burned and hurt but it was healing. The darkness that had tried to snake its way into me was weakening, tamped out by the light within.
I looked around for Nay and for some direction as to where Star’s friend would be, hoping that I wasn’t too late. 
“Cam, you alright? I got them, heading to the car now! Hurry!” Nay’s voice came through telepathically.
Thank you, Elohim I said a quick silent prayer.
Something was breaking, ripping from its girders with a rusty groan, and from the sound of it —I could already tell that it was a giant structure somewhere nearby. I glanced up at the stage, at the long, metal tower that supported the lights and wires high above began to sway, lean, and then topple towards us. Through all the chaos and mayhem, the screams of anguish, and panic… the band still played on. It was more of a victory march, which sickened me.
I felt several burning, stinging sensations on my leg all at once. Looking down, I saw the vile, distorted face of a yellow eyed imp sneering and hissing as it clung to my calf with its claws, trying to gnaw through the material of my pants with razor sharp needle teeth. I reached down to grab it by the tops of its little horns, twisting its neck in one turn like a bottle top, and then dropped kicked the disgusting thing like a football, straight into one of the burning fires. 
I was just in time as the creaking and groaning of burning metal screeched and the tower finally came crashing down…towards all the people who remained near the tour buses. I ghosted into my spirit form and shot straight towards the police cruiser.
“Where are you? Do you need my help?” I called out to Nay.
“We’re in the car waiting, Cam. Man you’re slipping.” Nay laughed.
I darted through the mayhem, weaving my way through the buildings, parked cars, and the wild stampede of frightened mortals. The sounds of sirens began to wail through the night in the distance.
I waited until it was clear before ghosting back into flesh form and fixing my uniform in case another officer stopped me for any reason.
“Cam, Star wants to go home…she’s worried about her friend and about you. Should I take her?” Rahab’s voice came through just then.
I smiled at that.
“Yeah, that’s fine, have Ry follow you guys too. I’ll meet you there. I’ve got her friend and her boyfriend with me here, so I’ll be bringing them both back to her place anyway. I don’t want her to think I’ve forgotten about her.”
“Okay, see you there.” Rahab replied.
I could see them in the back seat through the tint of the cruiser. Nay stood with his arms crossed, leaning against the cruiser with a snide expression to further rub it in my face, that he had been quicker than I was.                                  
“Easy when you don’t have to fight off several at once and kick a field goal using an imp.” I said rubbing my shoulder. 
He laughed. “That was child’s play, too easy. Just like clockwork. We may not have to worry about Morning Star for a while after this gathering.” He said.
I eyed them in the backseat of the cruiser again. They were both unconscious and handcuffed together. That was her friend and her boyfriend alright.
“Don’t ever believe that. Now who’s slipping?” I smirked.
“You okay?” He nodded towards my shoulder.
I pursed my lips with a quick nod. “Let’s get out of here. We’ll take them back to her apartment.” I said as I climbed into the driver’s seat.
I wasted no time turning on the police lights and sirens and flooring the cruiser. With the current traffic and road blocks, emergency trucks arriving one after the other, the crowd of humans and numerous emergency cars swarming in…we may be a while, unless —I invoked some magick.

I circled the parking lot sensing something wasn’t right before I even saw her running through the parked cars. She was scared and she was crying. It was apparent that she was running from someone or something and I automatically went into protective alert mode. I pulled around with a screech and drove further into the parking lot, almost hitting her when she ran out in front of me from between a set of parked cars and nearly fell. I slammed on the brakes, parked the cruiser, and jumped out. I ran over and scooped her up into my arms protectively.
At first, she was untrusting of me, taking a moment to stare into my face to make sure it was me before breaking down into a fit of tears and holding me tightly. She was trembling and sobbing uncontrollably. I knew it was useless to try and ask her anything right now. I needed to calm her down. I stroked her hair and guided her to the cruiser.
“Wh-where did you go? Where have you been?” She stopped, looking up at me with accusing eyes.
I hated seeing her face streaked with tears and the fear in her eyes.
“I’m sorry, I had to take care of some things. Come on, let’s get you back inside.” I soothed, motioning towards her apartment with a nod of my head. 
She tensed. “No! I don’t wanna go back inside. I need to get China…Drake is here but he’s…” She tried to speak only to break into another sobbing fit.
Hearing her bring him up made me stiffen with anger. So, he was here. Then why was she upset and crying about it?
I scanned the parking lot, seeing and sensing nothing at first. Rahab and Ry rounded the corner up ahead frantically and stopped short when they saw me with Star in my arms.
“Is she okay?” Rahab asked with wide eyes, his temper still flaring.
“Meet me at the farmhouse.” I quickly said.
“He was here.” Rahab growled through clenched teeth.
That only verified that Drakael had been here and I wondered both why and where he had gone.
“Please, don’t go again…don’t leave me.” Star whispered, looking up at me and sniffing with child-like innocent eyes, glistening with tears.
It was then that I realized what her weakness had been all along. The thing she most feared despite her independent attitude. I don’t know why it never donned on me before, knowing what she’s gone through in her young life.
She was afraid of being left behind or being abandoned by those she cared about and loved.
I held her to me tighter.
“I won’t leave you again, I promise.” I whispered into her hair as she held onto me tightly.
“Come on. I’ve got your friends in the car.” I told her guiding her back to the cruiser.
She looked up at me in surprise, her crying diminishing, and her mouth fell into a slight o. Once we neared the passenger side, Nay got out and opened the back door for her to see. They were still soundly sleeping but Nay had removed the handcuffs, to which I was grateful.
“Why are they knocked out?” She asked.
“They’re okay. We had to render them unconscious for the purpose of apprehension and the obvious.” Nay told her, then he turned to me. “I’m gonna head back home now, let me know if you need me again,” He whispered.
I nodded my thanks and Nay turned around to head towards a shadowed area of trees along the back fence of the parking lot.
Star had finally stopped crying with an occasional sniff.
She turned to look back up at me with a beautiful smile.
“Thank you.” She whispered.
“You’re welcome. I’m gonna have Rahab take you…”
She cut me off. “No. You said you wouldn’t leave me. I’m staying with you,” She demanded as she wrapped her arms around my torso again. I held her close to me and stroked her hair. “Okay, I won’t.”
I needed to find out why she was terrified and running if Drakael was just here and even more so…why had he been here in the first place?
“Come on, let’s go back to my place then.”
We left her friends at the apartment where they would wake up with limited memories of what happened. I didn’t think they’d be in any danger where they were but just in case, I hid another one of my feathers behind the sofa for protection. 
We all headed back to the farmhouse, awaiting Edanai and any news that she may have had regarding her other friend Joel. I didn’t particularly care for his well-being, especially if he turned out being a scout but Star did, and that was the only reason I was bothering.	
I asked Rahab, Ry, and Macai to hang around for a bit until I could get her to sleep and sealed off protectively in the bedroom upstairs. She lay curled against me, clutching onto me tightly with her delicate arm draped across my chest. I took in the scent of her hair, her skin, the warmth of her body, and the steady rhythm of her heart beating.
This was the thing I had longed to feel, the thing I wanted the most from her, and I could finally feel it now. It was the most satisfying and wonderful feeling in all of my entire existence. Being able to experience it with her was way more than I could have ever asked, wished, or hoped for. Lust was nowhere in the equation, it didn’t need to be. This feeling of love was far more tangible, long lasting, and quenching. 
 This had been Elohim’s gift to me and I cherished it graciously.
“My heart aches. It’s terrible. All those people, I don’t understand why God didn’t step in to help them.” She whispered against my chest.
She was talking about the concert. The concert she would have been killed in tonight. Had I changed her fate and allowed her more time? I didn’t know.
If I was going to be punished for not following through with the request and screwing with her destiny, it hadn’t come yet.
“How do you know he hasn’t or won’t?” I whispered, stroking her hair and her back.
She looked up at me, searching my eyes and I leaned down to kiss her tenderly.
Once our lips parted, she spoke first, “He didn’t do anything during the hurricane.” She whispered, then bit her lip as if she regretted saying that.
Now I understood where she was going with her sorrow.
“He didn’t?” I replied in more of a question.
Elohim always did things that made sense to him for the greater good but never to humans who didn’t understand it because they couldn’t see that far ahead.
I felt for her though. She was still harboring pain and guilt, that much was evident and I couldn’t blame her for being upset and hurt.
“If you mean letting a bunch of people die by either drowning, starving, or dehydrating to death, then I’m not sure.” She replied.
I paused. 
How could I say anything to her without giving away too much?
“Letting is a harsh word in that regard. Sometimes, taking people out of this realm is saving them.” I told her in the simplest way I could think of.
“I guess so. I just wished that sometimes his help would be more direct and that it didn’t involve having to take people away from those that need them and would miss them.”
“Everything happens for a reason is cliché but it has some truth to it.” I assured her while pushing a few curls away from her eyes and caressing her smooth cheek.
Her lushly-lashed, dark navy blue eyes peered up at me again in admiration. 
“I can believe that I guess, because I can’t help how I feel about you.” She caressed my cheek lovingly.
I smiled, tracing a line around her full lips with my index finger softly before leaning in to kiss her again.
“Cam, her friend is fine. He was with some girl and they were really going at it, so I didn’t bother to interfere. He’s cute too. Nice ass…and um he’s definitely a scout….side of light.” Edanai’s voice came through.
Well, that’s news. I thought.
“Ok, thanks. Where are you?”
“I’ve had enough of the human realm for now. Too much tragedy and dark fallen around...I’m heading back to your place on the other side. See you later, you be careful…you have two more daybreaks before I expect you to check back in.” She said.
“Deal.” I replied.
I was content for now, about to lean in and kiss Star again, when Drakael’s voice invaded my mind, dripping with anger and iniquity.
“Bring her outside. She is not yours, Cam`ael.” He whispered.
I immediately shot up, my muscles flexing and tense, not even realizing that Star was looking at me in both fear and confusion.
“What? What’s the matter?”
He was here and it didn’t sound like Drakael, not just his tone, but the fact that he was expressing both anger and favoritism in his words.
I heard both Rahab and Ryziel’s footsteps stomping wildly downstairs. They had brought in a television and had been watching it downstairs, so when they moved, I knew something what happening.
“Stay here, I mean that. You’ll be protected in here.” I then said.
“Is it the same guy?” She asked becoming frightened.
“No.” I said kissing her one more time before I left the room and sealed it shut with protection magick.
Rahab was ready for battle, looking out of the front windows with his claws out and his weapon wielded in the other hand. Ryziel twirled his long, onyx colored scimitar with a wicked glint in his flaming red and black eyes. He was ready to fight without a doubt.
“Who is it?” I asked.
“It’s Drakael.” Ry spat.
“Are you sure?” I asked.
“Yes!” Rahab boomed, waiting for the cue to attack.
I ghosted onto the roof to take the height advantage and scoped the area.
Why were there so many fallen hidden in the shadows with Drakael here?
And then…it dawned on me.
Son of a bitch! I should have known! Why hadn’t I seen or detected it earlier?
I stepped to the edge of the rooftop with my obsidian sword wielded. He automatically trained his eyes up to the rooftop, still looking the same, but the difference was now evident.
“Toraen!” I shouted.
He laughed and pointed to himself. “Who me? As if you even remember what that means.” 
“When did you fall, Drake?”
Suddenly, he was on the roof with me, standing at the opposite end.
“I told you this would end badly for you, Cam`ael. I tried to save you the heartache and looking the fool. I even tried to give you some honorable dignity by making you believe that you were actually being obedient but you’ve always been the stubborn one.” He grinned as he began to circle me.
I gripped my sword firmly and glared at him, watching him carefully.
“I’d rather be stubborn than a doomed fool, and one who is willing to repeat the failed mistakes of so many countless others before him.” I retorted.
He laughed. “Many others who had no idea what they were doing, let alone had the opportunity to reclaim the Earth. Why fight against it? The humans don’t need it, they don’t even deserve it.” He said with a shrug of his shoulders.
“And you do?” 
“We all do. You fight so hard against your own kin in order to save mortals who are unworthy to remain free on it. They’ve managed to destroy enough, so who’s really the fool here?” 
Though it happened all the time, it was still unsettling to see an angel become fallen so quickly and so easily even though I had seen it coming for him. 
“What does any of that have to do with Star?” I asked him out of curiosity. Maybe it would be the same reason as to why Morning Star wanted her.
“You were right in thinking that Star is different from the other chosen. She is and before you ask — no, I don’t know what it is exactly yet but I will enjoy finding out. So summon your legion now if you want. This doesn’t have to turn bloody though, just give me Star and we’ll leave this peaceful. I don’t want to have to kill you, Cam`ael. It would be a waste.” He finally stopped pacing, facing me with his sword drawn and at the ready by his side.
Now it all made sense. It had been him all along. He played the role behind the scenes in gathering his own legion together for the same purpose as Morning Star, while still posing as an angel. But he had still been an angel in between the time we met in the spirit realm and up until that day at the walking trail. Why did Elohim allow this to continue and go on? Surely he already knew Drakaels heart and intentions before he even started.
Then again, Elohim always has his reasons.
My guess was that Drakael’s fall had been at the park. He had killed that fallen right before he could have possibly given away his name or secret. That was what that fallen had meant when he said that we were alike, which we were nothing remotely close. 
He didn’t ghost away — he had been summoned away to be sentenced for punishment, stripped of his glory and cast out. I have a feeling that it had been his own request for me to bring Star to the concert tonight, making me believe it had been Elohim. He played off of my loyalty to Elohim and essentially used me to get Star for him, while keeping himself out of it technically. At the same time, he employed other dark fallen with the promise of something greater after the end came.
The dark angel in Star’s dream, had it been Drakael?
“Why Drakael? If I wouldn’t hand her over to Morning Star, why the hell would I hand her over to you?” 
“You’re outnumbered. Morning Star still wants you around though —for whatever reason, I don’t know but I could care less. She can only belong to one of us and I refuse to share.” He shrugged with confidence.
I shook my head and smirked. “So, how did it feel to be stripped so quickly? Was it worth it?” Anger and hate began to bubble at my core. 
He was no longer of light but I still had some. Did he really want to challenge me? Was he that sure of himself? I quickly summoned every being in my legion, letting them know what was happening and what to prepare for.
“It’s not bad when you’ve been anticipating it. I have to admit, I was a bit surprised that it took him so long to do it but I know that’s how he works.” Drakael smiled.
“Then you already know how this will turn out.” I came back.
“Maybe, if the circumstances were different but he’s giving us Earth this time. We get free reign to rule upon it without interference, rules, or the threat of being destroyed. That is the only difference now. It will be like…an Eden for us, finally.”
“Too bad you won’t be there to see any of it though.” He grimaced through clenched teeth as he flung a spray of dark matter towards me.
I dodged to the left into a somersault, pulling light to the surface in the form of an arrow.
I threw it like a javelin towards Drakael and it sailed towards him in a white blurred streak, ricocheting off of his own sword with a spark that made him curse, and he gripped his forearm in pain. 
His face twisted into a façade as diabolical and dark as his own soul had become. He no longer resembled anything remotely close to what he had been as an angel. It was as if he was morphing right before my eyes in his rage.
The crashing of glass below and all around the house distracted me, even though my legion was already here. I cursed angrily at myself, realizing that I had forgotten to seal the windows— in the room where Star was.
XXII: Starling

I already felt the pangs of a full blown panic attack coming on. Cam said he wouldn’t leave me again, but he had and he didn’t tell me why. All the flashbacks and the feelings of uncertainty, fear, isolation, and pain that I had felt and kept tightly lidded — like when my parents told us that they were going to swim for help, leaving me and my grandmother behind, came rushing back to me in full force.
I was scared for him, scared that I may not ever see him again because I knew something bad was happening. There were demons outside, darker ones that made me sick to my stomach. I was already beginning to gag, my stomach cramping and my esophagus burning with pure bile. 
I couldn’t breathe, I felt like I was going to die. 
Was this how I was going to die? During a panic attack? Or maybe a heart attack? No. I had to see Cam one last time, at least to let China know that the living will I had made up and gotten notarized a while back was under her mattress, to tell Joel that I wasn’t mad at him and that maybe in another time or place, we could have been together as more than friends.    
There were loud thumps on the roof that startled me. I crawled to the door and listened, bracing myself against it for support once the sick feeling began to make me dizzy. The room was spinning. I gripped the door knob to steady myself. I managed to turn the knob but it wouldn’t even move. My damp palm slid uselessly over the metal over and over again. I tugged and pulled, hopelessly falling against the door as another pang of nausea hit me like a wrecking ball. I had to lie down. I was going to pass out or faint at any second.  
I clumsily stumbled to the bed and lay partially on it, still feeling no relief as I gripped the comforter trying to suck in a cleansing breath. I felt as if I were suffocating at the same time, my chest was tightening, constricted from within. 
Maybe…maybe if I just ended myself right now then none of this would be an issue. Whatever the reason these dark angels wanted me, they couldn’t have me if I killed myself, right? Then Cam wouldn’t have to fight and possibly be killed for me. I slid off the bed and sat with my back against it, drawing my knees up to my chest and burying my face in my hands, and cried. 
I now knew why I was being punished. 
I was never truthful to China about needing help and someone to talk to about the grief I had suppressed for years. I had been in denial, thinking that if I did show vulnerability and weakness, the demons would have been able to take or kill me a long time ago. There were thoughts that I had and things that I had felt that I couldn’t even tell my grandmother, even though I knew she would understand and make it all better. It would’ve broken her heart. The harder I thought of these things, the harder I cried and I couldn’t stop. 
I had thought many times of taking my own life, coming close a few times actually but something from deep within me always stopped me. Those reasons were why I was being taken to hell, why these demons were after me now and wouldn’t leave me alone. There was only one thing left to do now— because it would never stop. Though I think I actually loved one of them, a fallen, I think that loving him only added more to my sins and my doom. But how could love be a sin? We can’t help who we love, can we? Even if it is a dark being, right?
I sniffed and caught my breath, moving over to the window while saying a silent prayer in my head for forgiveness for what I was about to do. If I had to spend eternity in Hell for this, would Cam be able to visit me? Would he forgive me for hurting him in taking my own life? Would God forgive me? I scolded myself for how stupid and ridiculous the idea and the thought of all that was. What was I thinking? I was obviously emotionally delirious, frightened, and ill and now desperation was talking.
The banging and crashing of glass downstairs made me gasp and jump in alarm, although it was similar to what I had heard downstairs earlier, so I wasn’t sure what to make of it. I sort of wished that no name fallen girl was with me right now as rude as she had been. At least I wouldn’t feel so scared and alone right now.
I thought of everyone, my parents, my grandmother, China, Joel, Ms Hawthorne, Lenell, Drake, Cam…and…Drake?
I glimpsed out of the window to see him jump from the roof in one bounding leap like a superhuman acrobat and he had a weapon…a silver, wicked looking sword with a curved tip. He looked…different. No longer beautiful or even human for that matter. He was twisted and ugly, like the dark angel in my dream. 	
I saw Cam swooping down from the roof at him with a long, black sword that glinted like diamonds or light on one edge, gripped firmly in his hand. It was aimed down at Drake. 
They were in a full blown fight. Demons and dark fallen began to swarm in from everywhere all of a sudden, like cockroaches closing in on the feast. I paled, feeling my legs nearly give out.
Then there were other dark fallen coming from literally out of nowhere, and all diving towards those who had joined the fray. I couldn’t tell who and which side they had been fighting for…all I cared about was Cam and his friends, the ones I had met already.
Glass shattered and a powerful gust of wind flung me pin-wheeling backwards, along with the broken shards of glass that lanced me all over. I was smashed sideways against the wall, hard, hearing a distinct crack as blinding, white hot pain shot up my arm from my elbow to my shoulder.
 I screamed, sliding down to the floor and feeling all those shards of sharp glass scratch and stab into me as I did.
Instantaneously, the dark fallen who had tried to come in through the window, howled in a shrill screech and then completely imploded, winking out of existence and leaving behind a foul odor that lingered for a few seconds. I bit my lip and tears flooded my eyes as I cradled my broken arm. The burn and sting of the dozens of cuts all over my arms and my back were now bleeding.
What had just happened to him?
Then, the door splintered open in an explosion of wood and dust. I screamed just as Ray burst through like a huge, black, incredible hulk. He had destroyed the entire doorway, jamb and all, leaving a jagged ripped hole where the door and each side of the wall had been. He was furious. The fiery heat of his anger and the fight was still wafting freshly off of his dark, sweaty skin as he searched the room for me. I backed away, unsure of what to make of his demonic fury.
When his glowing orange eyes met mine, they winked out and his eyes returned to normal. His face transformed into humanlike worry and concern, and the wicked, black talons curving from each finger of his large hands also disappeared.
“Oh no, are you hurt?” He asked in a gravelly, deep voice. He quickly moved to kneel down next to me. 
“I’m okay.” I whispered holding my arm.
“Come. I need to get you out of here.” He said, reaching down to scoop me up.
“No. Not without Cam.” I argued.
“Cam will come, don’t worry.” Ray tried to assure me.
“I need to know he’s coming. I don’t want to go without him. He said he wouldn’t leave me!” I was whining now. I knew it but I didn’t care.
“He isn’t! Star, Cam is a fallen. He has powers, millennia’s worth of fighting skills, and abilities that you do not…believe me he will come and he will be fine.” Ray said calmly and pointedly as if he were talking to a small child.
He flinched when I cried out. His arm had gripped my cradled broken arm wrong and his eyes went wide.
“I’m sorry! You aren’t okay, your arm is injured. Damn.” He grimaced with chagrin, and then he wasted no time swiftly carrying me down the stairs, through the kitchen, and out of the back door.
Amid the sounds of the evident full on battle that was going on all around us, those in Cam’s legion had obviously created a plan to keep an open path for Ray to get me to the SUV safely. He put me into the back seat of the Suburban, gently.	
The girl was in there, in the passenger seat at first, and she was looking into the back where we were.
“Her right arm is broken.” Ray told her, and then hurried into the driver’s side, got in and floored the gas, making the SUV jounce and rock as he headed the opposite way down an unpaved country road behind the farmhouse.
She sighed with an eye roll, shaking her head and right before my eyes — she winked out of view from the front passenger seat and was now sitting next to me in the back. I blinked, holding my arm and staring wide-eyed at her.
“I was in a relaxing spa bath with soft music playing only moments ago. No point in trying to hide anything anymore. Obviously there’s been a lot that’s been revealed today no doubt. You’re a ghastly mess. That poor sucker has you bleeding everywhere, what a moron. Here, let me see your arm,” She said reaching out a hand.
“You want me to just pull it off and hand it to you? It’s broken!” I snapped at her with sarcasm.
She looked at me in surprise and then she grinned. “You do have promise yet. Now unless you want a matching set, don’t you ever use that tone with me again, ok? Just call me Eden, for now.”
We stared at each other for a silent moment and then — I couldn’t help but smile back ast her.
I don’t know how far out we had driven but it hadn’t been far when we came to an abrupt stop that nearly threw me forward onto the floor of the SUV. Eden had done something to my arm that took away the pain, and then wrapped it as any doctor would a broken bone. Was she some sort of healer? I wondered.
“Uh oh, this is not good.” Ray said.
“Oh…shit.” Eden mouthed.
For both of them to seem…frightened or hesitant, it must have been bad.
I scrambled up to look out of the front windshield at a small pond that had begun to bubble and steam as if something large were about to rise out of it, and rise it did…looking like a blazing loch ness serpent with horns. It rose up at least ten or fifteen feet high and roared, blowing fire from its mouth.
I was frozen with fear.
“Back it up! Go now!” Eden told Ray. He shifted into reverse and punched the gas.
I flew back into the seat, pressed flat as the car bounced and rocked again.
“Can you shield the car?” Ray asked Eden.
“I can try but it won’t be a match for him!” Eden said, and then she began to chant as Ray maneuvered and shifted back into drive, turning the car around but the tires stuck on something before finally jolting forward. We peeled onward towards another direction.
“We can’t outrun him. We’re gonna have to fight.” Ray shook his head.
“Who is it? What is it? Who is he?” I asked desperately looking out of the back window at the serpent beast who was stomping after us now.
“You’ve seen him already. Earlier.” Eden said.
I wrinkled my brow.
“The Jehovah witness at the door.” Eden then answered.
“Him?” I was flabbergasted. I looked behind us again.
“No, not just him. Star— meet Morning Star.” Eden smiled with a casual sweep of her hand in gesture towards the approaching monster through the back windshield.
I couldn’t breathe for a full minute, it seemed. I couldn’t even feel my legs. I felt as if I would wake up at any moment, and this would all be a really bad dream. But no, then it would mean that I would never know and love Cam. He would’ve simply been another fallen that only existed in the darkness that I feared.
“That’s…Satan?” I repeated incredulously.
“Yes, and he’s after you. Don’t worry, he won’t do anything that will get us hurt or killed while you’re in here.” Eden then said.
“After me? What? Why? I don’t…”
“You won’t understand Star, not now. We just need to keep you away from him for as long as we can.” Ray said.
“And how long will that be? You just said we couldn’t outrun him, and that your powers weren’t a match for him. If he has me, will he leave you guys alone?” I asked.
Eden snapped her head around to face me. “No, don’t even think that! If he has you…never mind, just don’t say that.” She looked angry, as she pursed her perfect pout and then turned back around to face forward.
Ray stopped the SUV, turning to look back as he wielded a weapon, a large mace with deadly, sharp spikes. I was amazed, wondering where it had come from.
“Why did you stop?” Eden said as she turned to look out of the back windshield just then.
“I don’t think we’ll need to fight him…maybe. Look who’s intervening.” Ray nodded.
We all turned to look out of the back windshield, seeing Drake and his legion swarm in front of Morning Star to cut him down. 
“He’s insane! Morning Star will annihilate him!” Eden commented.
“Good. Then we won’t have to do it. He’s only trying to protect his prize anyway.” Ray then said.
“Huh? What prize?” I asked.
“You’re just popular today.” Eden quipped.
“Me?” I was so confused. 
“Wait, I thought Drake was an angel.” I then said.
“He was. If anything, Morning Star will wipe him and his legion out for us. Stay with Star, if anything happens, use a protection spell and drive her as far as you can get her.” Ray said to Eden as he hopped out of the car.
“He isn’t that stupid. He’ll let them all fight for him before he lets that happen.” Eden said.
Drake had fallen? When and why? Was it because of me? I suddenly felt ill again. I hugged my middle, feeling the chunks rising in my throat.
Cam suddenly appeared next to the SUV on a revved up motorcycle and opened the back door with a hand to help me out.
“Get out of here. I’ve already told everyone else. We won’t win against Morning Star right now but at least he’ll take care of Drake and his legion, now go! I mean that!” He told Eden.
“What about you?” She seemed worried about him and her eyes went from Cam to me.
“Don’t worry about me. I know what I need to do.” He said.
She seemed to read that as enough information when she nodded. “Be careful, Cam.” She said as she ghosted away.
“How’s your arm?” He asked me.
How had he known?
“It’s better.”
“Let’s go.” He said, quickly hoisting me onto the back of the bike.
“Hang on to me tightly.” He called back to me as he revved the throttle and we sped off at high speed, bound for the darkness of the unlit back roads behind the farmhouse.
   I gripped Cam around his strong torso with all my strength, shutting my eyes against the cold wind that whipped painfully past us, given the high rate of speed he was pushing.
There was nothing to see anyway, everything was a dark blur…a blurred nightmare actually. I wondered where he was taking me and how long we’d drive, being as we would not escape Satan. Who could? Would God intervene now?
I felt safe with Cam, and as long as I was with him, I didn’t care what happened to me. I was no longer afraid.        	
The only thing I had been aware of past sight, was the sound of large trees and branches being trampled, split, uprooted, and thrashed around and alongside of us at the same rate of speed as the motorcycle. If it had been Morning Star, I feared that he would strike and kill Cam but if he did, then I’d be killed too. I think I was keeping him safe for the time being.
A strong gush of wind pushed down on us from above and it was impossible to see with the wind whipping my curls wildly into my eyes and mouth.
Cam looked up and then turned his head to the side. “Don’t be afraid. When I count to three, I want you to hang onto my hand as tight as you possibly can, okay?” He shouted.
I would have questioned that but there was no time. He had already begun to count as we sped up, passing an orange and white traffic construction sign that I couldn’t read.
Whatever it had said, something told me that it meant danger or caution and we were going to be heading straight for it.
My heart was hammering so fast and beating so hard into my ears and throat, I felt as if it would explode out of my chest altogether. I was freezing, feeling as if I’d pass out at any moment from the adrenaline rush overload and the sheer rate of speed.
“Three!” Was all I heard him yell before the bike fell from beneath us…down into a dark canyon and disappearing from view quickly. There was no longer pavement— nothing solid, and for a few brief moments, I was free-falling. I instantly felt Cam’s strong hand swiftly grip mine, leaving me to dangle precariously from his hold.
I shut my eyes. The pain in my right arm came alive with a vengeance but before I could scream out Cam whipped me into the safety of his arms with ease, in one fluid motion. A sound like a large blanket or parachute snapping out made me open my eyes just as Cam’s shirt fell away, and his strong arms encircled my waist. He then entwined his warm, strong legs around mine securely. It was like I was hand-gliding with him as my glider. 
I marveled with wide eyes, my mouth in an ‘O’ at the span of his incredible wings. Both dark and pure white feathers meshed together to form symbols of supernatural glory, power, and darkness as they fanned out majestically on either side of us.
We were flying! He was flying over whatever open canyon lie below, and then we were over a large lake of some sort. He soared smoothly but at high speeds, ascending to just beneath the clouds.
I could barely hear anything. My ears were popping, given the altitude and I was freezing but I loved every second of it. Though I kept my eyes closed to keep from passing out if I looked down, I felt safe and warm in Cam’s arms as he held me firmly against him.
I don’t know how far out he had flown but I felt my gut tense and tighten as he began to descend.
I swallowed hard to suppress the feeling of my stomach rising into my throat. I cracked open an eye, seeing that we were dipping lower to ground. The closer we got, the more the ground began to take shape of  what looked like an abandoned, shadowed field of some sort but hard to tell exactly in the darkness.
“Hang tight.” He whispered in my ear.
I shut my eyes again, as he began to descend even lower, my stomach lurching into my throat again, the way it does when you’re going down in an elevator or a roller coaster.
That had been the most exhilarating experience that I had ever imagined or dreamed of in my life! I was breathless when he let me down gently.
Once he touched down on the solid ground, I quickly turned to catch a glimpse of his beautiful wings but it was hard to really see them well in the darkness. I could only see the silhouettes. They were huge, folded in behind him like a regal bird. He let me down gently, and he caught me just as I stumbled a bit to gain my leverage, since my legs momentarily felt rubbery.
“How’s your arm?” he asked gently touching it.
Truthfully it hurt but I didn’t care.
“It’s okay.” I lied.
He sighed. “You’re cold. Come here.” He said pulling me to him and hugging me firmly against his body, which was surprisingly still warm.
I held onto him tightly while he stroked my hair, my back, and then my unbroken arm to warm me up.
“What now?” I murmured into his torso, remembering that we were being pursued by Satan and another newly fallen angel. Drake.
“You’re still cold. I’m gonna start a fire.” Cam then said.
I turned my face to look up at him.
“They’ll be able to see us.” I told him, shivering at more than the cold.
He smirked. “They can see us in pitch black darkness, Star, especially you.” He smiled tilting my chin up.
I wanted to kiss him but I knew this was hardly the time or moment to get all romance novel with him right now.
He stepped back away from me and I took a moment to catch my breath, thinking he’d take a while getting together firewood and something to burn. In the next second, a whoosh sounded and a small bonfire was already burning big and bright in between us. All around us was a large, open wheat field. The wheat still alive, yet slowly dying as fall was settling in. The brittle stalks were swaying eerily in the cold breeze. Thick, dark trees and several rusted silos sat unkempt beyond the field.
Seeing his gorgeous face with his wings, though folded in — I was overly enamored with him.
“That was incredible. Flying. It’s something I’ve never ever imagined in this lifetime. I’ll never forget tonight.” I told him.
He looked pained as if he were thinking of something that bothered him when I said that.
“What is it?” I asked.
He sighed, moving back over to me, and pulling me back into his the warmth of his strong arms while embracing my cheek. 
“I’ll never forget this night either.” He whispered before leaning down to kiss me.
It was tender and sweet. He lingered as if savoring my lips and I did the same.
“I said she’s mine!” I heard a deep growl from behind us.
Cam grunted and fell to his knees to my horror. Behind him stood Drake, holding his sword ready for another strike.
“Cam!” I screamed kneeling down and grabbing onto him.
“Get out of here! That way, hide until I come for you.” He whispered and nodded towards the wheat field.
That was an automatic no, but he pushed me away and then his sword instantly materialized and unsheathed into his hand, as if out of his own arm with a slick metal shink sound.
Cam turned swiftly and brought up his sword in a blur of movement but Drake blocked it with a loud metal clang.
I saw the deep cut that grazed Cam’s back in between his wings and a few feathers fell away once he moved. It hurt me to see and not be able to do anything about it.
Where did he want me to go though? We were in the middle of nowhere? Get lost in the dark maze of wheat? What if I couldn’t find my way out or get to him in time to help him?
I looked around into the darkness, not wanting to be by myself for even a second, knowing Satan was roaming the area not far behind too. How long would it be before he showed up and even then, Cam wouldn’t be able to fight both of them.
My heart wrenched and twisted painfully. I wasn’t leaving him. There had to be something I could do!
“Star, don’t run. I won’t hurt you.” I suddenly heard from behind me.
 It was a familiar smooth, deep, and mellow voice.
I didn’t want to turn around to look….I didn’t want to see who it was.
“Cam was about to kill you, you know.” He then said.
He wasn’t a very good liar. I would never believe that in a million years. Did he really think that would work?
“Believe it sweetheart. Why do you even think he brought you out here at all? You can never escape me. I’d find you in dreams and in death.” He went on.
I trembled, by body shaking in an uncertain fear stronger than the fear burning in my brain right now.
Don’t look at or speak to him Star, he’s playing on your emotions. He’s a liar!
I felt him touch my hand and I immediately flinched and backed away as if he were on fire, still not wanting to look at him but feeling as if I should.
“I know what happened to your parents,” He then said.
I bit back the tears that threatened to come at any moment. He was going for the jugular now, tapping into the worst pain that I had held within me for a long time. I was feeling ill as balls of leaden ice sank heavily into my gut on top of that.
Don’t speak to him, don’t believe him…he is a liar.
I heard his footsteps slowly begin to circle me but I shut my eyes and turned my head away from him. I felt the brush of his hand along the back of my hair and I cringed, wincing to stifle the fear and tears from exploding outwardly to his satisfaction.
“Come on, aren’t you even the slightest bit curious? I know you are. I know all about human nature. Come with me and I’ll reunite you with them and your grandmother. I can give you and them anything your hearts have ever desired. Don’t bother hiding, it’s pointless.” He whispered.
I felt as if I would faint, the violent illness gripped me slowly, increasing with intensity by virtue of his proximity to me. I suddenly remembered the story that Drake had told me in the park.
Ironically, he may have been talking about himself…not just Satan.
My heart bled at the mention of my parents and my grandmother even coming out of his mouth, given the fact that he had known they were all dead and slowly my fear and pain — began to turn into anger.
I could feel the heat and energy of the emotion begin to churn and rise in my core, coalescing and joining forces with my adrenaline, rage, and hatred of this being.
“No. I’m not gonna hide this time. You touch me or Cam and I throw myself into the fire.” I whispered. My breathing was still a bit shaky and the tears that fell were now tears of revenge. I refused to cower and show fear or weakness anymore.
I slowly began to turn around — to finally face him, and I slowly opened my eyes.
His eyes were aglow but he was beautiful. A being this dark and vile shouldn’t look like this, it made no sense to me.
He laughed, low and guttural, as if he knew he had me now.
“No, you won’t. I know you. You’ve tried to before though, haven’t you? Many times before and you can’t do it. Not because you’re a coward or because you think it’s a sin.” He said smugly.
How he had known all of that completely stunned me, though it shouldn’t have. Maybe he had been the one to kill them himself. 
In the distance somewhere, Cam was fighting to defend and save me. I needed to help him by keeping myself from harm while he was occupied with Drake.
My mind began to work desperately. I began to back up towards the growing bonfire, but then as if he had calculated my exact move, the fire suddenly winked out completely, cloaking us all in complete darkness. Fright and my fears took over me once again. The darkness — I was terrified of complete darkness and Satan knew it.
At any moment, I expected him to come charging at me, to take me in one swift move like the bird did with the baby in my dream. He could have done anything at any given time to me apparently, so I did the only thing that I could do to gain Cam and Drake’s attention. Maybe together, they could do some damage to Satan in some way.
I opened my mouth and unleashed the highest, most ear-piercing scream that I could force out of my lungs; pushing all the air that I had in me up and out…my vocals cords straining and raw. 
I felt the sudden jolt of an extremely powerful energy and heat surge up from deep inside of me at that moment and it made me gasp in both surprise and shock. It didn’t hurt me at all and it was — familiar. It was the power, heat, and energy that I had felt in my last dream towards the end, when the angel had me. 
In the next instant, a sheer and blazing white sphere closed over me like a giant shield of protection just as Satan lunged for me.
I stared in awe as the bubble illuminated the entire area around me within a few yards radius and I could see again. Where had it come from? Who was doing it?
Satan slammed into the protective sphere getting the shock of his life as it zapped and burned him. He screamed and cursed angrily with rage, smoking, and then fading into dark wisps of thick, oily, viscous vapor.
In a flash, Cam was suddenly in front of me after hearing me scream …and then, so was Drake. They both momentarily gaped in awe, forgetting about their own current battle as well as Satan. Judging by the expressions on their faces, none of them had any clue what the sphere was or where it had come from either. Drake took the momentary distraction to sucker punch Cam, and though he stumbled, caught off guard briefly, that one hit was all it took to remind him that they were fighting. Satan had disappeared…for the moment. Or had contact with the sphere killed him?   
Though at peace and protected in the sphere, my fear and anxiety of Cam being hurt or killed was enough to make me break out of it. As soon as I set foot outside of it, it dropped and disappeared altogether.
Where had it come from? Had it been another guardian angel somewhere? It was alien and elaborate enough to strike both Cam and Drake with awe, and powerful enough to shock Satan into oblivion, so — had I killed him?
Cam and Drake continued to exchange powerful blows and swings of their swords, making me crazy when Cam was hit really hard, slamming into a rock and grunting in pain. I looked around for Satan, even though I couldn’t see anything. I expected him to come at me from out of the darkness, which he could have done easily and then he’d have me but I didn’t have time to think or worry about him.
Then I had a sudden revelation. 
I couldn’t see Cam and Drake anymore but I could hear them. Their eyes were glowing in the distance like sinister embers against their silhouettes, which told me where they were though I couldn’t tell which one Cam was from here. I would have to take the chance as I took off running at full speed towards their fighting forms in the darkness, outlined by only the moonlight and stars that seemed to grow brighter, the closer I got.
The natural luminescence of the moon began to shimmer more brightly, like a large beacon throwing enough light for me to catch sight of them in order to distinguish between them. Something…some other force was helping me — helping us, both me and Cam, I believed it.
Now that I could see, I was horrified to see Cam on the ground. His wings were limp and he looked hurt — badly. Drake stood over him, sword high in the air. Cam had to have been hurt to not be doing anything to block or ready himself for the attack.
“No!” I screamed loudly, even though my throat was already raw and swollen from having screamed so loud before. I took off as fast as my legs could move towards them.
I felt like I was running through both water and quicksand. The muscles in my legs were taut, feeling as if they were straining to push me onward in my terror. I hadn’t seen the flash of white power emanating from Cam’s fingers shoot out to stop the downward arc of Drake’s blade, until I had gotten there. Cam was getting up already but I was furious and already determined to do something to get Drake away from him, or hurt him, or something!
Drake growled and attempted a sideways swipe just as Cam stood up… and just as I had reached them both.
I dove at and flung myself at Drake —to put myself in front of Cam.
“Star, no!” I heard Cam scream out. I felt his fingers brush past my hair… missing my shirt.
The arc of the blade had swung across so swiftly, I didn’t even see it — and I surely didn’t even feel it until both Cam and Drake cried out in shocked anguish.
“No!!” Drake said in horror upon realizing what he had just done. He had swung way too hard and way too fast to stop even if he had realized that I was in front of him. 
“No!! Forgive me, Elo…!” He dropped his sword, fell to his knees and began to shriek in pain as holes of fiery white light began to punch through and break apart his flesh. He began to burn, his skin smoking, charring, and finally exploding with the haunting lingering sound of his howls and pleas of pain, defeat, and forgiveness.
Drake finally winked out like a flash bulb in the darkness as if he had never been there to begin with. Somewhere in the distance, another deafening roar from a dark being howled in fury and anger, and the ground rumbled like an earthquake for a few seconds and then stopped.
I clutched my middle, it was wet and sticky and it burned like nothing that I’d ever felt before. The pain was excruciating and the smell of blood was strong in my nose and my throat as it bubbled into my mouth and dribbled down my chin.
My knees gave out and I collapsed but before I could hit the ground, Cam caught me and hugged me to him.
His face was twisted into a frown of anguish, as if he was crying but he wasn’t.
He stroked my hair, cradling me in his arms.
“Why did you do that?” He whispered.
I was already feeling lethargic and cold. The sting of the cut across my entire torso had been tortuously painful but it was already beginning to go numb…like the rest of me, slowly. My blood had already soaked the entire front of my shirt and pants.
I gave a weak smile, unable to really speak as blood continued to drool from the corner of my mouth.
“It…was…supposed to happen, wasn’t it?” I managed an air of a whisper.
He sighed and rocked me, holding me close against his chest with my head cradled in his arm.
“I figured it out. Each, time they made me bleed…they either disappeared or — died.” I then whispered.
“What were you thinking?” he scolded me in a whisper as he continued to stroke my hair.
I spit up more blood in my attempt to answer him.
He rested his forehead to mine and closed his eyes. “You shouldn’t have done that. I’m not ready…” He bit his lip, his words trailing off.
Devastation masked his face and it hurt me to see it.
“You…saved me. I had to save you.” I whispered.
He pulled back smiled painfully down at me, wiping the blood from my chin and lips.
“You already saved me a long time ago, Star. I love you. No matter what happens, please try to always remember that.” He whispered and then pressed his warm lips against my own cold ones. I closed my eyes momentarily, trying to savor the feel of his soft, warm lips on mine — awaiting death to come, finally.
When he pulled away, I slowly fluttered my eyes open, no longer able to feel my feet or my legs. He was putting something in my hair, behind my ear and I wasn’t sure what it was at first until the sweet, fragrant smell reached my nose, overpowering the iron, sweet smell of blood.
It felt like a flower…a lily. It tickled the side of my temple as he secured it in place and then stroked my cheek.
I managed another weak smile.
“Did…I kill him? Satan?” I breathed.
He pursed his lips and smiled at me.
“No, but you definitely pissed him off. What was that sphere?”
“I don’t….know.” I whispered.
I slowly raised a weak, shaky and bloody hand to caress his face. He held my fingers against his soft, warm lips and kissed them.
I was getting so sleepy and my teeth began to chatter.
“I will never forget you, Starling. I love you. My true given name, is Cam`ael.”
I managed another smile. I didn’t care that he called me Starling.
I liked hearing him say it.
“I love you, Cam`ael.” I whispered seeing the pain in his beautiful eyes as he hugged me to him and kissed me softly once again.
The warmth of his lips lingered until I could no longer feel them or anything else anymore.

EXODUS: Cam`ael

My original plan to take and kill her myself, in order to save her from both Drakael and Morning Star — and finally end my own existence in the process, had failed. I couldn’t do it…I didn’t want to do it. When Morning Star had shown up, I knew there’d be no hope or way around keeping her safe, especially with Drakael on our heels as well. I still could not get over what had become of him and the near battle that could have become epic, instantly.
A thousand tears of anguish filled me as I held her fragile, cold, and dying body in my arms, and knowing that this would be the last time I’d be with her. The taste and scent of her blood was still strong on my own lips when I had kissed her and I savored it — savored both her life and her essence. It was enough for me to be able to keep and feel the most sanctified part of her flowing through my own being, for however much longer I would exist.
She had no idea she was going to die and no idea of what she was going to become, yet she had sacrificed herself in thinking that it would save me. The only thing I didn’t anticipate was it being Drakael who would strike the fatal blow.
Or maybe I had.
She had selflessly tried to save me, an already condemned demon without even thinking, despite knowing what I am.
She stood brave against the ultimate evil of all time and defied his deceptions to his face. She was truly a divine warrior already to me. Morning Star’s rage would be known and felt all over his domain for a while after this but that didn’t bother or worry me at all.
I still didn’t understand how, from whom or know where the large dome of divine light that had shielded her had come from, let alone who illuminated the moon, so that she wouldn’t be afraid in the darkness…though I had a few guesses.
I thanked Elohim silently.
I was glad that it had ended the way it did because Elohim had taken care of Drakael as I knew he would, once he shed her blood. Morning Stars’ cry and fury over her death was also satisfying enough for me to know that she’d be safe from him as well. Elohim apparently didn’t appreciate him trying to take her without her accepting him willingly but we both knew that he would never give up. I knew he still wanted her, maybe even more now.
The price had been too high because I wasn’t ready to let her go. The short time spent together would be a lost memory to her but it would never be that to me.
I loved her. I’ve never loved anything more in my entire existence and I would always love her this much. For what good it did, I gave her my true name with a small sense of hope that just maybe…she would remember it. Maybe remember enough to kill me and end my suffering if anything.
“I love you, Cam`ael.” She had whispered. Those words alone filled me with a new sense of hope that I never thought I would find again and not just for myself.
I prayed that her declaration would not condemn her own destiny as a divine warrior, even though it had meant so much to me to have been able to hear it from her lips.
When her cold hand fell away from my face and her heart ceased to beat, I sensed Morning Star somewhere nearby.
Though I didn’t want this confrontation now, having her lifeless body in my arms was all the rage, sorrow, hate, power, and determination that I needed to kill him right now and save the entire world but I remained where I was, making no sudden moves or acknowledging as to where he stood.
In a way, I think I wanted him to kill me if he thought he could. I wouldn’t have fought back or tried to defend myself either.
“I thought you were a better fighter than that! How could you let him do this? You stood by and let him kill her! I know better —you did this on purpose! I thought you loved her!” He raged.
I did, that’s why you will never have her now, I wanted to say to him but I remained silent.
“This…this isn’t over Cam`ael. It has just begun! I hope that she destroys you in the worst way possible and cuts your heart out literally. In fact, I know she will one day now.” He angrily hissed in a warning tone and then laughed.
The growing animosity and possible war between us, which had always been there, had just been escalated. The feeling was mutual, though I didn’t respond. In fact, I didn’t move or look up at him at all, still kneeling and cradling her to me as he ghosted away in his frustrated anger. I hoped that she would kill me too, I then thought as his last words echoed in my ears. 
In the next moment, I felt the presence of Edanai, Rahab, Ryziel, and Macai approaching me. They moved in to form a semi-circle around me. Three flickering, super, reflective mirrored lights in the distance were coming towards us. We knew who they were and what it would mean. They were coming for her, which meant I hadn’t tainted her after all — she was going to be rebirthed. That alone gave me both sadness and a renewed hope.
She was special but I had long since known that.
“Why didn’t you summon us?” Rahab was angry with me.
I was too devastated to even think of an answer right away, even though I had my reasons.
“Damn, could he be any more fucking psychotic?” Ry commented to lighten the mood, referring to Morning Star.
His humor didn’t work for me at the moment.
“We would have all come, every single one of us.” Ry then said to me.
“Cam, I’m sorry.” Rahab said, hanging his head down low.
He was just as sorrowful as I was.
“Me too.” Edanai whispered.
“We’ll wait with you.” Ry then said. Even I had never seen him this emotional and serious.
I continued to cradle her lifeless body in my arms protectively. The glow of the moonlight and shadows played softly against the curves of her beautiful face. Her eyes were closed as if she were merely at peace and sleeping, and it would have appeared that way if it weren’t for her blood spattered face and blood soaked clothing.
I inhaled her scent, touching her face softly again.
“No, you guys don’t have to. I’ll see you back home.” I whispered.
They knew what I meant when I said back home. 
The Spirit Realm.
I had had enough of the mortal realm for a while. Once she was gone, I no longer wanted to be or spend time here.
“Well, I know it’s probably not going to make you feel better but at least she isn’t dead.” Ryziel then said.
Edanai sighed and Rahab remained with his head bowed as if showing respect.
The three glimmering light orbs of glory landed a few feet away. Three seraphim soldiers from Elohim’s army stood in wait, to take Star.
I hoped they would tell me that I would receive another reward for keeping her from Morning Star and Drakael…like letting her live a little longer for me but they said nothing.
I gently lay her fragile, light body down upon the ground and sighed painfully as I stood up and backed away.
Seeing her small form engulfed into the immense light and glory, was powerfully blinding and though it hurt my own eyes, not being able to withstand it anymore as a fallen, I didn’t look away.
The complete purification transitioning of her entire body had taken a mere few seconds, but to me it seemed like an eternity. Once the pure white light had dissipated completely…the angels were gone …and so was she. 
I don’t know how long I simply just stood there, staring at the ground where she had lain, trying to make sure I had the perfect picture of her in burned into my mine. 
It was then that I suddenly remembered that I did have something a little better than a mere memory of an image alone.
I returned to her apartment, cloaked…wanting to take a few things of hers, both to keep for her and for my own keepsakes. I also had a plan, and I wanted to arrange things just in case, for both her and all her friends’ sakes when they learned of her absence soon.
Her roommate China and her boyfriend were both still asleep in her bedroom when I arrived. After checking on them, I left a note in Star’s handwriting to her friend China; taking care to remove some of her items and clothing to look as if she had done so herself. Then, I left the note lying on the pillow in her room — after cleaning it all up again. I didn’t know if any of these acts would be considered breaking the rules, or that they would even mean anything to her friends or her but I was banking on the notion that she would remember some fragments of her former life at some point, maybe.
From the cell phone I had used, I still had the photo of her and I at the concert that she had sent me. I drew the image out and magically imposed it onto poster sized paper, and then had the photo mounted, framed, and set in a pure gold, ten by sixteen portrait frame. I took it with me into the spirit realm, into my dwelling, and hung it over my bed in my bed chamber.
She was so beautiful tonight. This would be a night I would never, ever forget even with the blemish of seeing other shadows and angels in the background, which I left untouched. Her aura was captured and it was striking even amid the images of the angels and shadows behind us. 
This memento of us together served as a bittersweet and painful reminder and I found it hard to look at it sometimes without feeling deep anguish.
I hadn’t visited the mortal realm since her mortal death. What were a few days in the mortal world was nothing but a few hours in the spirit realm, in time calculation.
I had no desire to visit let alone even think of Morning Star’s domain, which I doubted he would have allowed me to set foot inside its boundaries ever again anyway. We were already both on the brink of a personal battle that could take place at any given moment. That was fine with me, it was for the best. 
I had needed to kick the habit anyway and I did when I met Star.
I stepped outside, onto the ledge of my domicile, gazing out towards the west. Far in the distance, lie the Divine Hall.
 The sun was dipping into the horizon above it, casting a celestial purplish pink glow over its grand white walls and steeples.
Though it would take a while for her to finish her training and education, I was patient. I would be for her. They trained new warriors often in the Forests of Light and sometimes in the stone forests near the dark lands and neutral areas.
I know the rules and I also knew how to get around them. However, here in the spirit realm there were no rules. 
I had all the infinite time in the world.
Though I have yet to see her or her aura, all that I needed to know in order to continue to go on in my existence, was that she was there now, as an immortal and soon to be a Divine Warrior — and so I would keep watch … and wait.

#####


About the Author

The Divinity Saga came about from a recurring dream. From the start, the character of Starling came to fruition. At first, Divinity the Gathering was meant to be just one book but she couldn’t see how both Starling and Cam`ael’s story would be complete in just one. She doesn’t have any impressive accolades, collaborations, or a long list of awards to mention as far as her writing history goes, though she’s been writing for many, many years. She’s thrilled to know that people are reading the worlds she has created in her mind and even more so, really loving what they are reading. This is the first time that she has decided to finally try her hand at publishing something. Though she dabbles in many genres, she tends to gravitate more towards urban and dark fantasy and the paranormal. In her spare time, books replace television and she loves reading horror. She loves trying new things, and since she loves to cook and bake, much of that creative energy ends up on the dinner table whether it be a meal or dessert. Susan resides in the Lonestar state with her two children and two well-fed cats. In addition to writing, she does work a nine to five job in Law Enforcement in order to supplement both her writing and reading habits. She is very approachable and does respond to and engage with her fans from all over; from twitter, facebook, linkedin, and through Goodreads. Feel free to drop her a comment or just say hello anytime! She maintains a blog page, and a Facebook page dedicated to the saga as well. She loves to watch martial arts movies with her teenaged son, and volunteers often to be the guinea pig for her aspiring Esthetician adult daughter!


Please visit your favorite ebook retailer to discover other books by Susan Reid:


Divinity: Transcendence Book: Two
Divinity: Immolation: Book Three
Divinity: Realm of Annihilation: Book Four (To be released in the Spring of 2015)
The Divinity Saga Prequel: Divinity: Anathema: Book Five (Release date TBA)
Companion Novel: Fall to Flesh: Diary of Cam`ael (Title not yet confirmed. Release date TBA)
H.U.M.A.N.S: The Veiled World Chronicles
(The first book in a brand new series coming in Fall of 2014) Pre-orders coming soon.
For an extended preview of the newest series, H.U.M.A.N.S:
https://www.createspace.com/Preview/1152596

Connect with Author Susan Reid!

Follow on twitter @BabyNewt38
Linkedin: Susan Reid
Visit on Facebook at:
 www.facebook.com/DivinityTheGatheringBookOne
http://divinitysagabooks.wordpress.com/
Author Interview at: http://bookyramblings.wordpress.com/2013/07/14/divinity-the-gathering-author-interview/
