Dom 
of 
Las Vegas

Book One of Sin City

Tricia Owens
Copyright © 2012 Tricia Owens All rights reserved. Previously published under the title Becoming Elite.


Sin City series
Dom of Las Vegas
Limited Liability
Acceptable Sacrifices
High Roller
Most Wanted
Lessons in Obedience
Death Defying Acts
The Doms Club
Easy Money
Significant Other

A Pirate's Life for Me series
Book One: Captain & First Mate
Book Two: Island Paradise
Book Three: Pirate Triumvirate
Mr. Anteros

Juxtapose City series
Fearless Leader
In the Blink of an Eye
The Battle for Black
The Ultimate Team
My Lover, My Enemy
The Sound of Truth
Shattered Alliance
Exchange of Power
Prodigal Son
The Mind Spy





A:R Earth series
Angel: Reversed
Angel: Redeemed
Angel: Released

Heaven series
Territory of Angels
Spoils of War

Standalone Novels
A Pirate's Honor
The Bucket List
Christmas Cookie Charmer
Between the Marshal & the Vampire
Favorite Flavors Short Story Collection
Hunter and Hunted
Master of No One

Moonlight Dragon Urban Fantasy
Descended from Dragons
Hunting Down Dragons
Trouble with Gargoyles
Forged in Fire
Rise of the Dragon

The Specials Urban Fantasy
Demon Leap






http://www.triciaowensbooks.com 




Dom of Las Vegas





1


"Pack your bags. We're going to ISC West."
Ethan lowered the Styrofoam cup he was about to sip from and studied his boss questioningly. "ISC West? I'm not familiar with that."
"I'm not familiar with that," mimicked a balding man who brushed past Ethan to reach for the handle of the refrigerator sitting behind Ethan. "Just say, 'What the hell is that'? You gotta rub it in that you're going to college and the rest of us didn't?"
"Oh, shut your hole, Bob. Ethan wasn't doing any such thing." Ethan's boss, Larry Winnaker, a licensed private investigator in the state of Indiana, loosened the wide striped tie he wore and dabbed at his forehead with the end of it. He pointed at Bob, who was reaching into the mini-fridge. "Don’t take the pop that’s in there. I bought those. That means they’re for me. "
"Larry's a cheap SOB," Bob complained as he closed the refrigerator with a plastic-wrapped sandwich in hand. "If we want anything good around here we gotta buy it ourselves."
"I said, shut your trap, Bob." The owner of Winnaker Investigative Services gave the middle-aged investigator a dark look. "Maybe if you managed to do your job right I wouldn't have to give clients their money back, huh? Then I'd have the money to buy pop for everybody."
"Hey, now that wasn't my fault—" Bob began, using his sandwich to point at Larry.
Ethan sighed and leaned back against the break room's small countertop. He panned his eyes around the small office of Winnaker IS while the two men argued. The place wasn't all that bad. The office itself was situated in a strip mall between a Korean nail salon and a sandwich shop whose owner sometimes sent over sandwich mistakes for free because she liked Ethan. Their office had a microwave and fridge and Ethan had finally been given his own desk now that the investigator he had been sharing it with had gotten a job doing loss prevention at JC Penny. It was nice to leave his things in the drawers instead of throwing them in a box whenever the other man was on shift. It also meant Ethan was now full-time, something he'd been shooting for.
Bob walked out of the room and down the hallway, muttering beneath his breath about going postal on them. Ethan watched him go with amusement, knowing the man was mostly bluster. Ethan had seen Bob with his kids and knew he could be as gentle as a teddy bear.
"So, Larry," he prompted as his boss took his turn at peering into the small fridge. "ISC?"
"Oh, yeah." The other man pulled out a can of soda and popped the top. "Stands for International Security Conference. It's held once a year in Vegas. They got booths and seminars to talk about all the latest gizmos and doo-dads. Plus we can go see the strippers. You, me and Bob are going. It's next week."
Ethan's eyes widened. "That—that sounds great! We'd learn so much!"
Larry grimaced. He rubbed at the white hair sprouting from the top of his head. "Don't jump to any conclusions. Lotsa guys think these things are just excuses for you to run up bills on your company's dime. For one thing, you guys aren't getting any kinda expense account to use while we're there. For another,  you both gotta pay for your plane and hotel and everything else. I ain't got a money tree growing in the backyard, you know."
Ethan's excitement dimmed. "I'll need to check my balance. I think I might have enough, but I'm saving for that nine-millimeter I told you about."
His boss snorted. "Ethan, I keep telling you that you don't need anything better than a camera for this job. It's not like what we do is dangerous or anything."
Used to his boss's flippancy, Ethan didn't lose steam. "I still need a good gun. I need to practice my shooting, Larry. The FBI doesn't hire agents who can't hit their target."
Mention of the FBI made Larry roll his eyes. "Yeah, right. The FBI. You still think you're gonna get into that? The way I hear it they only take geniuses who speak five languages or are ex-Navy SEALs."
"All you need is a four year degree and be able to pass their exams and interviews," Ethan corrected him, trying not to show how annoyed he was. "I was in the Air Force for two years already and I'll be graduating from the community college soon. I have a great shot at making it."
"Yeah, which reminds me: I need someone to fill in on security at the Billows Dealership. Once you get outta school I'll send you over for that."
It wouldn't be the first time his boss hadn't listened to—or understood what he was talking about, but this time especially tested Ethan's patience.
"Larry, I just said I'm applying to the FBI once I graduate. I can't go sit on a lot and watch cars. I'll be testing. I may end up at Quantico!"
"Okay, well, if that happens you go, but if it doesn't—which I'm not saying is a possibility but let's be realistic here—then you're taking the dealership job. Oh, and don't worry about the money for the conference."
Ethan's eyes lit up in surprise. "You're covering it?"
Larry looked at him as if he were crazy. "No, I'm not covering it! I'll take it out of your next paycheck. You and Bob both." The older man chuckled as he walked away. "Can't wait to tell that jerk."
Dispirited, Ethan drank his coffee. It was bitter, kind of like his mood right now. He shook it off though. Just because Larry and Bob didn't appreciate the magnitude of what he was trying to accomplish with his life didn't mean it was a hopeless dream. He'd read all the FBI employment guides forward and backwards; he practiced the written and practical exams whenever he had time and he trained himself on the physical fitness tests to ensure he met every standard for male applicants. He'd never taken drugs in his life or committed any crime, and his background was as clean as a whistle. He was confident he was everything the Bureau was looking for. The only thing holding him back was the lack of degree, but he'd have a B.S. in criminal justice in just a few months.
The dream was within reach. Ethan could feel it in his palm.
He carried the coffee to his desk and settled down to transcribe the notes he'd taken on a recent surveillance job. The majority of the work that came in to Winnaker IS involved trailing and photographing spouses and lovers. Ethan hadn't realized how many distrustful people there were in this town until he'd started working here. Every week a new client came in demanding that one of the investigators spy on and photograph their loved one in the act of being unfaithful. Despite their conviction that something funny was going on, less than half of the jobs were legitimate cases of cheaters. The rest were merely the result of insecure or suspicious partners. Either way, Winnaker made money.
It wasn't the greatest job but it kept Ethan in his chosen field and the pay was better than working as a theft recovery officer in a department store. Plus Larry was willing to allow Ethan to work around his school and modeling schedule. It was ideal for him.
The unmistakable growl of a Harley drew Ethan's attention to the tinted glass front door. A minute later the bell tinkled as a man in a leather jacket, worn jeans and biker boots stormed into the office. He ripped the aviator-style sunglasses off his face and scanned the room menacingly until he found Ethan.
"Are you the asshole my girlfriend hired?" he demanded in a gruff, cigarette-ravaged voice. "You've been taking pictures of me and invading my goddamn privacy? She's gonna break up with me because of you!"
Ethan pushed his chair back from the desk. "Sir, please calm down. We're willing to talk to you if you'd—"
"Calm down my ass," the irate man retorted, narrowing his eyes at Ethan. "Was it you? Were you the one who took that photo at the motel?"
Bob, who'd just walked back into the room, tried to shuffle backwards into the hall again.
"Don't you go nowhere!" the biker boomed, pointing a finger at him. "Was it you? I swear I'll kick your ass if it was you."
Ethan could have predicted what happened next. Bob let out a squeak and bolted down the rear hall, heading towards the back door. The biker yelled out in rage and took off after him.
The biker made it halfway across the room before Ethan tackled the man over Bob's messy desk, scattering papers and knocking the phone to the floor.
"Get off me! He drove my girl away!" the man kept roaring. "I'll kill 'em!"
Ethan wrestled both of the man's arms behind his back and twisted them until the man let out a grunt of pain and slumped against the desk in surrender.
"Shit," he groaned, his face pressed to the keyboard of Bob's computer.
Ethan gave a short laugh. "You could say that again." He breathed deeply, forcing his heart rate to slow down. "Look, you can't come in here threatening to kill people. We're trained in subduing people. You could've gotten hurt." It was a lie since only he had training, but this guy didn't need to know it. "You're Buddy Henderson, aren't you? Your girlfriend is Jenna Bakes?"
"Was it you?" Henderson growled, trying to look sideways at Ethan. "You took that picture?"
"It doesn't matter who took the photo, Buddy. Your problem isn't that your girlfriend hired us. Your problem is that you're cheating on her when you obviously still love her."
"Who says I still love her?"
"If you didn't you wouldn't be here," Ethan pointed out. The man beneath him let out a heavy sigh. "So what's the deal, Buddy? Why are you going behind Jenna's back? She's a beautiful girl. You're lucky you have her."
Henderson mumbled something.
"What was that?"
"I said she's rich. Richer'n me. I can't give her everything she wants. She's gonna leave me. It's just a matter of time. Figured I'd be the one to do it first."
Ethan shook his head. "You think she cares about what you can buy her? If you weren't enough for her why would she hire one of us to follow you? People hire us because they're worried. Why would she be worried if she wanted to leave you?"
"I dunno," Henderson mumbled.
Ethan released the other man and stepped back. The big biker slowly straightened and shook out his arms while he studied Ethan warily.
"She's afraid you're going to leave her," Ethan told him. "That's what she said when she hired us. She doesn't care about what you can buy her. She cares about you staying with her."
"Shit," Henderson said again. "She really said that to you?"
Ethan nodded.
The other man glanced at him uncomfortably. "Sorry, man. I - shit, I sorta lost it. She can do that to me."
"Sounds like you guys do it to each other," Ethan remarked wryly.
The other man snorted. "Yeah. You got that right. I love her maybe too much. I guess I'll go talk to her." He waved at the mess of Bob's desk. "Sorry 'bout that, man."
Ethan shrugged. "Not my desk."
Henderson chuckled. "You're okay." With a nod at Ethan, he let himself out of the office. The Harley started up and roared off. A minute later Bob and Larry crept out from their separate hiding places.
"Hot, damn, that's my boy," Larry crowed, clapping Ethan on the back. "Good job, Ethan. That had FBI written all over it."
"Look at the mess he made!" Bob cried, pointing at his desk.
"Want me to bring him back here so you can make him apologize?" Ethan teased.
The look on Bob's face kept Ethan smiling the rest of the day.

~~~~~

"Five laps, then hit the showers, boys."
The sun was setting as Ethan and his teammates loped off the diamond and began their end of practice running circuit. This was one of Ethan's favorite times of the day, when his body was pleasantly worn and his friends were in great spirits, anticipating their evening activities. While he was attending college late at the age of twenty-five, he was enjoying it every bit as if he'd gone straight there from high school rather than into the Air Force as he had. Ethan was a social person who thrived on the company of friends and men in particular. He savored every day of college classes and baseball practice because he knew these carefree days would eventually end.
Five laps later, he jogged with the others into the locker rooms and showered quickly. He jokingly wrestled with the other guys and avoided towel snaps—although he secretly enjoyed the ones he couldn't twist away from. He had a smile on his face as he dressed at his locker. 
"Nice catch there at the end, Ethan."
Ethan leaned out of his locker and grinned at the naked man next to him. Ethan resisted the urge to take a quick look. In the showers was one thing, but out in the open might be too conspicuous.
"Thanks, Mark. I'm just glad it didn't bean me in the head. Line drives always make me cringe."
Mark scrubbed a towel over his curly blond hair. His blue eyes were steady on Ethan as he dressed. "You've got great reflexes. Never would've happened."
Ethan smiled and bent forward to reach into his locker for his shoes only to be spanked sharply across the butt. Although his cock twitched, he gave the other man a mock glare.
Mark laughed. "You coming out for beers? Steve, Joey and I are heading to McGillicutty's. They have those blazing hot wings there, guaranteed to make you cry."
"Boy, does that sound appealing," Ethan laughed. He sat on the bench and finished tying his shoes. Most of the members of the baseball team were finishing dressing. Only Mark was still completely and unashamedly naked. Ethan had a hunch the other man was an exhibitionist. Just his luck Mark had to have the locker next to his.
He stood up and grabbed his backpack before shutting his locker. "I'll have to take a rain check. I've got an exam tomorrow that I need to study for."
Mark continued smiling at him as he dropped a hand and scratched idly at his groin. His fingers 'accidentally' lifted his cock and let it drop. Ethan pretended not to notice, even though he was sure he was meant to.
"Your loss, Ethan. All work and no play makes Ethan a dull boy."
"I'll buy the first round next time you go out," Ethan offered with a grin. "It's been a while since I've had good wings, but I really can't do it tonight."
Mark sighed and reached into his locker for his clothes. "I'm holding you to that, hoss. Catch you later."
Congratulating himself on resisting the hunky blond outfielder, Ethan hurried out of the school gym and out to his battered Corolla. He loved playing baseball but it was no easy thing stripping and showering with his younger teammates five days a week. His eyes wanted to stray to those hard, young bodies. He wanted to accept the invitation he heard in Mark's voice and saw in his actions.
But though it would be easy to succumb, Ethan didn't. He needed to be discreet. While the FBI didn't openly discriminate against gays, Ethan understood the reality: a gay agent was a potential victim of blackmail and thus could be a liability to the Bureau. Ethan wasn't taking any chances. He wasn't hooking up with anyone close to him who the FBI might interview later during the mandatory character and background checks.
When he returned to his apartment, he immediately looked through his email. He found one from his parents, inviting him to dinner the next night, two emails from the talent agency that booked him on modeling jobs, and one from an unfamiliar address. 
As he read the latter, he realized it was a solicitation from a Brazilian model he'd met a month ago on a shoot in Chicago. The other man was going to be in town on a layover on his way to New York and wanted to know if Ethan was available for a quick meeting.
A model from Brazil? Better than Mark anytime.
Ethan smiled. Either they could grab a quick bite to eat... or they could satisfy other hungers. He typed a reply and then deleted the original message. 
After stripping to his boxers he grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge and then settled on the futon in his living room with the magazine containing the photographs from the Chicago shoot. He leafed through the photos of scantily clad men until he found Marco. The young Brazilian was draped backwards over a 'beach'—in actuality a spot on the shores of Lake Michigan—dressed in low-fitting red Speedos which set off his dusky complexion. His dark eyes smoldered as they stared into the camera.
"Hola, Marco," Ethan breathed as he slowly slid a hand beneath the waistband of his boxers. "I can't wait until your flight comes in."
He really couldn't wait. He ran his fingers up and down his thickening shaft, groaning softly as his cock began to thicken. He dragged his fingernails through the trimmed golden hair at the base of the flesh. Goosebumps broke out across his thighs. He was glad he kept himself in good shape through baseball and regular sessions at the gym. His free hand rubbed the hard ridges of his abdomen, tracing the musculature that was similar to Marco's. He closed his eyes and allowed a fantasy to unfurl in his mind.
Ethan... The model's heavily accented voice drifted across the surface of his mind. You disobeyed Marco, didn't you?
He nodded, biting his lip. "I'm sorry."
I told you not to touch yourself, yet look at you, laid out like a golden-hair puto.
Ethan sighed. "I can't help it. Make me stop."
In his mind's eye he saw a cocky smirk cross Marco's thick lips.
No, I won't make you stop. I like the way you look. But if you play with yourself, you play the way I say you do. Take out your cacete. Make it hard for me.
His stiff cock sprang free as if it had been under pressure. Ethan groaned as he stroked it to full rigidity. He imagined Marco straddling him, the other man's dark cock leaking onto Ethan's belly. 
Stroke it hard, my puto bonito. Pinch your nipples. Pinch them until they hurt you.
Ethan obeyed, twisting and pinching the flushed cinnamon nubs until he was thrusting his hips up, driving his cock into the tight grip of his fist. His abs quivered and his thighs shook as he jerked himself with more urgency. He rolled his head back against the top of the futon and panted for air.
Such a bad puto, Ethan. Next time I see you I will spank you across your ass. I will do it until you cry and then I will plug you with my cacete like you are a spitted pig.
"Please," Ethan whispered, visualizing Marco's cock just inches from his mouth. "Use me, Marco. Punish me."
No. You do not deserve me this time. This time you get only your finger. Put it in you, viado. I know you want it.
Ethan slid his free hand down his lower belly, following the sparse trail of hair. He ran his fingers over the slippery head of his cock, smearing moisture over the digits. Then he reached between his legs and caressed his balls, measuring how firm and tight they were. He was extremely close. His balls were solid. His cock throbbed in his hand. Biting his lip again, he slid his hand between his spread thighs until he could tease his ring with his slippery middle finger.
Marco's seductive voice washed over his senses. Do it. You need it in your hole. I know you do.
Ethan moaned softly as he slid his longest finger inside him. The canal clenched around him, smooth and hot. 
"Oh, fuck," he panted. 
Yes, puto. Soon you will feel me. Imagine now it is me inside you. Fuck yourself. I want to see you squirt for me.
Ethan's arousal was at its peak. He stroked himself as hard as he could stand while relentlessly pumping his finger. When the pressure in his balls reached an unbearable level he crooked his finger forward, grazing his prostate. He arched off the futon and cried out as his cock jetted liquid heat over his chest and belly.
He relaxed into the cheap mattress, breathing through his mouth. Laughing a little, he picked up the magazine and wiped a bit of liquid off of Marco's legs.
"Next time it'll be the real thing," he promised the photograph. "You'd better live up to expectations."
He went to sleep, dreaming of his sexy Latin rendezvous.

~~~~~


Four days later…

The heat that blasted Ethan in the face when he stepped out of McCarran International Airport stole his breath away. It was like walking into the center of the Earth.
"Wow." He ran a hand through his hair. "Feels like someone's aiming a blow-dryer at me." 
"Shit, this is hot!" Bob yelped as he plucked at the front of his T-shirt. Dark stains were already beginning to form under his arms and a wet crescent was growing over the mound of his belly. "How do people live like this?"
"They're probably indoors a lot," Ethan suggested. 
The four hour flight to Vegas had been pleasant up until they entered Vegas' air space. Then the turbulence had nearly made Bob upchuck the three bags of complimentary pretzels he'd chomped down earlier. Ethan hadn't minded the rough descent. He'd felt like a kid flying to the North Pole. He'd never been to Vegas before although he considered it an option when the time came for him to select assignment choices with the Bureau. The lure of hunting down modern-day Mafia was irresistible. From all accounts Las Vegas was a city that revolved around money. White collar crimes—a primary focus of the Bureau—would be in abundance here. There'd never be a slow day.
Ethan gazed at the long lane for the taxis. "Which hotel are we staying at, Larry?"
"Mirage in the Desert," the older man mumbled, mopping the sweat which leaked down his face.
"The Mirage?" Ethan was thrilled. "That's supposed to be a stunning hotel, Larry. Great choice!"
"No, I said Mirage in the Desert. All the big hotels were booked on account of the conference and all." Larry seemed unable to look either of his employees in the eye. "I had to book someplace small. Down the Strip a ways. It'll be fine. All hotels in Vegas are great, right?"
Ethan nodded tentatively. "I'm sure they are."
But as he quickly learned, all hotels—or in this case motels—were not created equal.
He tried to reserve judgment as the taxi dropped them off in front of the Mirage in the Desert, but once inside their room Bob voiced Ethan's concerns the most eloquent way he could.
"This place is a dump. It better not have cost me more than twenty-five bucks, Larry, or I'm high-tailing it out of here."
"Oh, quit your whining," Larry muttered, closing the door behind them. "It's not that bad."
"It's a shithole," Bob replied.
Ethan was inclined to agree with Bob on this one. The Mirage in the Desert was a motel so far south down the Strip that it may as well have been in California. It was in the desert on a stretch of the old highway where sidewalks hadn't been poured yet. He expected to see tumbleweeds rolling past the window.
Inside, the room was tiny, dingy, and reeked of cigarette smoke. Ethan could barely breathe without choking. The two full-sized beds were overlaid with hideous orange floral bedspreads that matched nothing in the room. Both beds sagged visibly in the middle like quicksand waiting to swallow unsuspecting victims. The television looked to be fifty years old with a brick-sized remote that appeared to be glued rather sloppily to the top of the nightstand. Pictures of sad-faced clowns clung precariously to the walls like drunks determined not to fall down. Why clowns? Ethan wondered, perplexed. 
"We won't be spending much time here, anyway," Larry said defensively. He flipped open his suitcase. "Get dressed and we'll head on over to registration. Then if we've got time we'll go find some strippers."
"Hell, yeah!" Bob hooted. "Bring on the boobs!"
Ethan shook his head, smiling. "Are you that easy to manipulate, Bob?"
"When it comes to boobs," the other investigator assured him, "the answer is always yes."
Ethan laughed, mentally resigning himself to a boring night in a strip club. 

~~~~~

ISC West was held at the Sands Expo which was connected to the Venetian Hotel and Casino halfway up the Strip. By the time the taxi dropped them off at the front of the Venetian Ethan had officially fallen in love with Las Vegas. It was only late afternoon so only a few of the neon signs plastered over the casinos were lit. But there was enough jaw-dropping architecture to leave him stunned. He couldn't get over how creative and inventive the buildings were. An entire replica of the New York City skyline? The Eiffel Tower and the Sphinx? It was utterly amazing to him. The sidewalks teemed with tourists, the crowds as large as those you'd find at amusement parks. Every inch of the city radiated energy. This was a million miles away from his hometown in Indiana and he loved it.
"I heard this place is neat inside," Larry told Ethan and Bob as they entered the Venetian. "Someone said it's all Greek in here."
Ethan hid his smile. "Probably more Roman since Venice is in Italy."
"Maybe," Larry conceded absently. He was too busy staring at the Sistine Chapel-like ceiling. "Well, will you look at that..."
Ethan couldn't stop looking. Every inch of the place was painted or decorated with something guaranteed to bedazzle the eye. It looked like the mansion of a billionaire. He felt very much like a hick as he gawked at the interior of the casino, but he took comfort in the fact there were plenty of tourists around him also sharing his awe.
"There's the sign for the Sands Expo," Bob pointed out.
The three men wove their way through aisles of noisy slot machines and then past the gaming pits which were crowded with conventioneers. Ethan began looking for suspicious suit bulges, reasoning that this was a convention of security professionals so there would be armed men here. He noticed two potential gun bulges on men at one of the dice tables, the sight of which sent a frisson of excitement through him. Maybe those men worked in situations where they honestly needed the weapons. Ethan shivered with delight and lust.
They walked down a wide, plush hallway thick with men and a handful of women who all looked like they fit the security profile: clean-cut, fit, and dressed conservatively and comfortably. Two rooms in the hotel were set up for registration, alphabetized signs directing traffic to a row of tables manned by harried-looking workers. While Larry joined a line to collect their registration packets, Ethan and Bob wandered over to a cloth-covered table holding flyers, business cards and copies of the convention program book.
"Lots of pros here," Bob murmured as he and Ethan looked through the offerings. 
Ethan glanced sideways at the other man. "We're professionals too, you know."
The older man grimaced. "Not like them though. I didn't think—I should've put on my suit." He tugged self-consciously at the hem of his polo shirt, trying to drag it over his stomach.
"There are lots of people dressed casually," Ethan assured his friend quietly. "Besides, we're here to learn, not impress anyone. We'll never see these guys again after Monday. Don't worry about it. I'm won't."
Bob picked up a business card from a stack of them. It was printed on thick card stock and had been gilded until it nearly sparkled. He sighed and dropped the card back to the table. "I'm a little outta my element here. Never been any place so fancy. Can't really afford it with the kids and all..." He shrugged, looking awkward. "Just don't wanna make a fool outta myself."
Ethan felt bad for the other man. Bob might be gruff but he was a good guy underneath. "I think you're worrying for nothing," Ethan told him. "Think about the dry cleaning bills these guys must have. And I bet they never do anything fun like you and Arlene do. Didn't you guys go to that barbeque and bluegrass festival last month? Do you think any of these guys could go there? Heck, no. They're too busy worrying about projecting the right image. I bet they never get to do anything fun. It's all business with them."
Ethan picked up a program book and flipped through it. "Look," he said, pointing out the photograph of a dour-looking man. "Do you think this guy knows what it's like to enjoy a good barbecue or to take his kids tubing down the river? You think he ever bowled 240 back to back?"
A flush of pride suffused Bob's fleshy cheeks. "Hell, he looks like he's never picked up a ball in his life. Pansy ass," he scoffed. "Gimme that." He took the book from Ethan and thumbed through it. "They all looked like a bunch of starched pansies."
Smiling to himself, Ethan picked up his own copy of the program guide. He hoped there was some helpful information in here, although it looked mostly like a photo book of the seminar presenters. He did find the speaking schedule and perused that with interest. The topics looked promising: SSTW and EMARS - Military Applications in Urban Localized Surveillance; Body Armor in the Workplace - Discretion vs. Visible Deterrence. This conference was going to be even more informative than he'd hoped.
"Hey, Ethan, can you grab me a glass of water from over there?" Bob pointed distractedly at another cloth-covered table holding complimentary glasses of ice water.
"Sure thing, Bob."
Ethan strolled through the crowd, eavesdropping as best he could, although he didn't pick up anything of interest. A lot of networking was going on. Ethan wished Larry had gotten around to getting him and Bob their own business cards. He would've enjoyed exchanging cards with some of these men. One or two might be helpful in his career.
At the water table he reached for a glass at the exact same time someone else did. Their hands bounced off each other and knocked over the glass. Ethan quickly righted it while the spilled water soaked into the table cloth. "Damn, sorry."
"I apologize. I wasn't looking as I reached for it."
The deep tone of the other man's voice made Ethan's ears tingle. He looked up—
—and stopped breathing.
Sapphire eyes gazed back impassively. Ethan knew he should probably say something since he was staring but all he could really do was stare. That's all he wanted to do.
He'd always been a sucker for exotic and dark-skinned men. While the man standing beside him looked to be of mixed descent rather than hailing from the Mediterranean, the midnight black hair, light cocoa skin and brilliant blue eyes were enough to send Ethan's heart into palpitations. Everything about the man was aristocratic, from the expensively cut waves of his hair to his noble nose and firm jaw line. But the lushness of the man's mouth hinted that although this man was a result of choice breeding, he wasn't untouchable.
Then he realized the man was staring right back. Ethan hardened so quickly he gasped.
"Are you well?" the man inquired, although there was a touch of something in his eyes which suggested he knew exactly what Ethan was experiencing.
Ethan leaned closer to the table to hide his growing problem. "Uh, yeah, I'm fine, sorry. I'm—I'm Ethan. Ethan Winter." He started to reach into his pants for his wallet then remembered he didn't have any business cards. Embarrassed, he gave a lopsided smile. "Sorry. Just gave out my last card. Settle for a handshake?"
The other man studied him a moment longer before his lips twitched in what Ethan hoped was an attempted smile.
"Maxmillian Poole," the man said very clearly, very slowly and oh, so sexily. Ethan's knees trembled as Maxmillian took his hand and shook it.
"Nice to meet you, Mr. Poole." Ethan couldn't help how breathy his voice sounded. This was the most attractive man he'd met in years. Maybe ever. He swiftly scanned the other man from head to toe, noting the navy power suit and dark dress shirt. A burgundy tie was the only relieving color. If Maxmillian had dressed with the intention of looking as intimidating and powerful as possible he'd succeeded in spades. It was all Ethan could do not to drop to his knees and kiss the man's polished shoes.
"First time attending ISC, Mr. Winter?" Maxmillian cocked an elegant eyebrow as he looked over Ethan's khakis and white button-down shirt.
Ethan laughed uneasily. "Am I wearing a 'Hick from Indiana' sign on my back? I thought I was blending in pretty well."
The small smile Maxmillian graced him with made Ethan salivate. "At least the sign is neon, as befits Las Vegas."
Ethan felt his cheeks heating. He lost his smile. This wasn't turning out the way he wanted it to. Maxmillian's cool confidence was chopping away at his own with every breath.
"You're in the industry, Mr. Winter?"
Oh. Maxmillian was still asking questions. That was a good thing, showing he was interested. Determined not to blow it anymore, Ethan nodded and squared his shoulders. "I work for a private investigator. Doing surveillance. Tricky work. Dangerous," he added lamely as Maxmillian continued to stare at him, unblinking. "Just last week I had to take down a client—let's just say it wasn't pretty. Nearly—nearly drew my gun on him."
What in the world am I saying?!!
Maxmillian considered him a moment longer before he leaned in close. Faint, yet obviously expensive cologne wafted into Ethan's lungs.
"You're sweating," Maxmillian murmured against Ethan's ear. "Your pupils are dilated and you're breathing rapidly—all of which leads me to believe you're either lying to me, Mr. Winter, or you're aroused." Lips grazed Ethan's earlobe, making him shudder. "Perhaps you'd care to enlighten me as to which one it is."
Oh, my god. Ethan struggled for control. "Which answer would you prefer?" he joked weakly. "Both seem pretty bad."
Maxmillian's breath puffed into his ear. "Not necessarily."
Ethan tensed in shock as he felt the other man's hand slide into the front right pocket of his khakis. His cock, already half-hard, strained against the back of his pants' zipper. He sucked in his breath when the tip of Maxmillian's fingers grazed the side of him.
"My card," Maxmillian explained softly. Though Ethan couldn't see his face, he imagined the dark man was smirking at his expense. "When you reach an answer you feel comfortable with, give me a call."
Then Maxmillian Poole walked away, leaving Ethan very aroused and helpless to do anything about it. He turned his head to watch the other man’s progress. Many other men acknowledged Maxmillian. He must be somebody important.
"And I just looked like an idiot in front of him. Great," Ethan groaned. He grabbed a glass of ice water and held it to his burning cheek. 
"Hey, Ethan!" Larry's booming voice cut through the polite conversation in the room like an axe through a birthday cake. Ethan cringed as his boss joined him at the water table and held out a lanyard. "You're all set. Where's Bob? You ready to hit the strip joints?"
Just thinking about the next four hours made Ethan wilt. He let out a breath of relief and surreptitiously adjusted himself. "Yeah. Strippers sound like a great idea, Larry. I can't wait."
The two of them went in search of Bob while Maxmillian Poole's card burned a hole in Ethan's pocket.





2


Ethan had to give Las Vegas credit: their strippers were the cream of the crop. He'd feared he would be forced to endure tired, hardened women gyrating their sagging bodies to 70s disco music. To his relief the dancers of Sapphire looked like swimsuit models. All were surgically enhanced but not outrageously so, and all the women were impressively athletic. He couldn't help throwing dollars on stage to reward the physical feats the women performed and their complicated, yet flawless choreography. If he were straight this would be like hitting the jackpot.
But since he wasn't straight it was exactly like watching a performance of Cirque du Soleil on TV: fascinating, but not sexually arousing in the slightest.
He was more interested in watching the behavior of the men in the place. The club was dark but it wasn't cave-like which would have allowed depraved men to jack off under the tables. Neon lights illuminated the Y-shaped runway and there were plenty of neon signs on the walls unsubtly suggesting lap and private dances in the backrooms behind a doorway covered with hanging crystal beads.
He got a kick out of watching the dancers who'd just finished their performances roam through the crowd of seated men, offering dances to those who looked interested. Twenty dollars bought a two to three minute dance—the length of a song—right where the man sat, either on his cocktail table or directly in front of him. Forty dollars bought a man the chance to go behind the curtain and sit in a private cubicle where she'd give him more personal attention, albeit with limited touching. Bob had invited Ethan along for one of these, which was how he knew how it worked. It had been an awkward experience sitting beside the older man who was sporting a huge erection while Ethan himself felt little at all. He'd had had to rest his hands in his lap as if were embarrassed by his arousal, something Bob had taken great pleasure in ribbing him about afterwards.
That had been hours ago. The crowd hadn't waned. Ethan doubted it would, even when the sun came up. The stage currently held two dancers moving together with a choreography complex enough that it made him wonder how many of these women were here to earn money in between auditions for regular production shows.
As he watched one of the dancers pull herself up the pole and then flip upside down so that she gripped the pole with her thighs and then began sliding down to the floor, a wry smile crossed his lips. Had Maxmillian Poole ever been in a place like this? Or was it just for hicks with neon signs on their backs? He guessed the latter. Mr. Poole had probably never stepped foot in a strip club. He was too classy for it.
Unlike Ethan.
A sharp elbow nearly knocked him out of his chair. "Ethan," Larry mumbled, leaning heavily into Ethan as he tried to remain upright. "You got any money left? I need 'nother dance."
After having been forced to watch and encourage his friends to get lap dances for hours now, Ethan had little sympathy.
"Larry, another one?"
"She's beau'ful," Larry mumbled, his alcohol-laden breath making Ethan wrinkle his nose and turn his head away. "You should see her tits—jus' one more, Ethan. Help your boss out. I need 'er."
Ethan didn't bother reaching for his wallet. Discovering his boss was addicted to strippers had quickly taught him to be sneaky. "You borrowed my last twenty for the redhead, Larry. Looks like we should head back to the motel."
"Wha? Noo..." The older man looked like he was about to cry. Ethan shook his and stood up, catching the larger man around the waist. "Where's Bob? Let's grab him and go hit Denny's or something. I'm starved and I bet you could use a cup of coffee and some air. Maybe we'll ask for a booth by the window so we can watch the hookers. That sounds like fun, right?"
Larry struggled weakly but at the mention of hookers he settled down. "You think we'll see some?"
Holding back his laughter at the awe and hope in the other man's voice, Ethan nodded and steered his boss towards the restrooms where he'd last seen Bob. "I bet there's a good chance. If not, I'm sure we'll see plenty of other interesting people. This is Vegas, after all."
"Yeah, Vegas," Larry repeated dazedly. He suddenly threw both arms around Ethan, crushing him in a bear hug. "This was a good idea, wasn' it? Winnaker S'curity in Vegas. Who'da thought, eh? With the big boys!"
Gasping for breath, Ethan worked to peel the other man's arms loose. "But these big boys need to go to Denny's so let me go, Larry. We need to find Bob."
The older man abruptly released him and began yelling. "Bob! Bob, where th' fuck are you?! Eth'n's gotta eat!" 
"Shhh, Larry!"
"S'okay," Larry soothed him, sloppily patting Ethan on the head. "You're a growing boy, you need t' eat."
"Yeah, but don't yell, okay? People are looking."
"Fuck 'em," Larry blurted, sending an unfocused glare in the general direction of the tables. "Wha' stays in Vegas doesn' happen. Fuck 'em."
"Close enough," Ethan agreed, laughing.
Larry leaned into him heavily. Ethan was afraid the man was about to pass out but Larry was only trying to speak into his ear. "You're a good boy, Eth'n. If the FBI don' take you they're stupid and you c'n tell 'em I said so. An' if I had a daughter I'd let you marry her."
The sentiment, even if was expressed while his boss was completely lit, made Ethan feel good nonetheless. "Thanks, Larry," he said, rubbing the big man's back. "You're a great man to work for. I feel really lucky."
"We gotta get you a hooker."
Ethan had been expecting this. He just smiled and nodded. "Later on. Let's find Bob, first."
"A really, really sexy one. With big—"
"I got it, Larry. Let's find Bob, first."
Obligingly, Larry threw back his head and began to holler, "Bo—"
"Oh, shut up, already, Larry. I'm right here." Bob emerged from behind the DJ booth. At Ethan's questioning look, the older man scowled. "I wanted him to play a song but he only plays what the strippers dance to. I even offered the jerk five bucks!"
"I don't think that's a lot of money around here," Ethan admitted. He remembered watching one of the dancers sitting at the bar and being shocked as she counted out literally hundreds of dollars in tips.
"Five bucks is still money!" Bob huffed. He shook his head. "Aw, to hell with it. Let's get out of here. Someone mentioned Denny's? I could damn sure use a Grand Slam right now. But, uh, Ethan, you got any cash on you?" Bob's expression turned sheepish. "That five bucks is all I've got left."
Ethan sighed. "I think I've still got some room on my credit card. Let's go."

~~~~~

Larry ended up getting sick in the taxi. It cost Ethan extra but he convinced the driver to take Bob and Larry back to the Mirage in the Desert despite the mess they'd made of his car.
Ethan didn't go with them. After an evening spent at a heterosexual strip club he needed some time on his own, so he hopped out on the Strip and walked his way back to the Venetian. He could have entered several different casinos along the way—the Bellagio looked especially appealing and the colorful bubble wall of Planet Hollywood was intriguing—but Ethan's feet took him back to the hotel where ISC registration had occurred. Where he'd met Maxmillian Poole.
He walked in knowing it was a long shot. But to his excitement the casino was crowded with men from the conference. He recognized many faces from that morning so his hopes were up that his quarry might be here too. 
The gaming pit was concentrated in one area, so it was easy for him to walk casually up and down the lines of table games, searching for a specific face. He caught a few looks, whether of professional interest or personal he didn't know nor care at the moment while he was on a mission. Unfortunately after forty minutes he hadn't seen the man he was looking for, and he was beginning to realize the futility of searching for a single man in a city with a population of over a million.
Resigned, he gave up and decided to at least try his hand at a slot machine since he was in a casino. He found a bank of ATMs and withdrew a hundred—the last of his 'extra' money—and then searched the dizzying array of games for something that looked simple to play.
It was easier said than done. Gone were the days of pulling a slot machine arm and hoping for all sevens, apparently. He walked past penny and nickel games where a hundred criss-crossing lines could be played at once. He saw other games that were completely animated and required touching the screen within certain time limits, and other machines with wheels of fortune above them that spontaneously burst into music and began spinning when players hit mysterious combinations.
Even the poker machines were confusing. Double Play, Triple Play, Double Bonus, Deuces Deluxe... Ethan had no idea what they meant. His backup plan of finding an elderly person and playing what they were playing with the assumption they'd pick a simple game backfired too. If anything, the older players appeared to be professionals, hitting the keys quickly with both hands and some even wore special cotton gloves to protect their hands from dirt and germs.
Ethan had never felt more like a hick than he did then.
He was about to give up completely when his eyes alighted on an electronic tower blinking with red and black numbers. It was connected to the roulette table. Curious, he wandered over for a closer look.
He'd seen roulette tables before but he'd never seen this tower with lighted numbers. As he watched, the last number that hit appeared on the tower at the bottom: red twenty-three. Before that had been red eighteen, red thirty-two, red ten, red one, and red thirty. Interesting.
He looked at the layout. Players were placing chips on the numbers and inside boxes that surrounded the field of numbers. He wasn't sure what the boxes were for, but the numbers were easy to figure out.
"Number five," the dealer announced a moment later. He laid an acrylic marker on the five. Which was red.
Ethan exchanged his hundred dollar bill for a stack of five dollar chips. His heart thudding, he slid a chip out onto the black two. The dealer spun the ball. Ethan watched the players around him playing their own favorite numbers; no one played just one. Maybe he shouldn't either? At the last second he slid two chips onto the one and the three, which were on either side of the two.
Another red number hit. "Twenty-one," the dealer announced. He swept Ethan's and the rest of the table's chips off the layout.
Excited that the chances of a black number hitting had now increased, Ethan played the same three numbers. His hands were a little damp. He was gambling! What if he won? How much would that be? He had no idea but it would be more than he bet, he knew that much.
The ball was spun again. Players stacked chips all over the board, creating a miniature cityscape full of multi-colored skyscrapers.
The ball rattled around the wheel before finally settling into a slot. "Double zero!"
This time the marker went on one of the two green squares at the top of the layout. All the other chips were swept off. Black still hadn't hit.
Ethan bet. Then he bet again. Double zero hit again, but no black numbers. But when he reached his last four chips he hesitated, worried. He only had twenty dollars left out of his original one hundred. If he lost these he'd be broke for the remainder of the conference.
"There's a trick to this game, if you're interested."
Ethan turned his head. A smiling man, perhaps ten or fifteen years older than himself, stood behind him to his right. He was a tall man with short, nearly shaved brunette hair. He had an attractive, well-tanned face with bold lines carved around gray eyes and down each cheek. He was largely-built but carried off a nice tan suit and a white dress shirt that was opened at the collar. No tie. 
Ethan liked the man's smile so he returned one of his own. "I thought it was all luck." 
The slashing dimples on either side of the man's mouth deepened as his smile widened. "Nope. Look into the wheel. Look at the numbers. Notice how they're arranged?"
Ethan looked at the slowly spinning wheel and shrugged. "Seems pretty random."
"Not at all. Every two numbers add up to 37."
Surprised, Ethan double-checked the wheel. "You're right!"
The other man laughed. "That's just a little fun trivia. What you should care about is that when the ball is bouncing around the number two, it's also bouncing around the numbers nine, twenty-eight, thirty-five and zero. Check for yourself."
Ethan did. "Okay. So what's the significance of that?"
The other man motioned toward the layout, where chips were scattered across it in random and not so random patterns. "When new gamblers play their favorite number, let's say your number two, they also naturally play the numbers that are around it on the layout, like the number one, three, four, five, and six. But the ball isn't anywhere near those numbers if it's bouncing around the two, is it?"
Ethan looked into the wheel well again. His eyes widened with understanding. "No, it's near those other numbers you mentioned. The ones next to it on the wheel."
"Exactly. So if you think two's going to hit you should also play thirty-five, twenty-eight, nine and zero, just in case it bounces out of your two." The man grinned again. "Go on. Give it a shot."
Feeling like he had insider information, Ethan eagerly placed chips on the two, the zero, the thirty-five and the twenty-eight. He had to skip the nine since he only had four chips. 
The ball rattled as it rolled through its final revolution. Come on, come on, Ethan thought hopefully as he watched it bounce around the slots. Help me pay for this trip!
"Seventeen!"
All his chips were swept away.
"That part of it is still luck," chuckled the man behind him. "But what you just did is your best strategy when playing the numbers."
Ethan smiled wanly. Great. He was broke. Summoning up a stronger smile he backed away from the game to allow someone else to take his place. His mysterious tipster followed him and Ethan found he didn't mind.
"Are you a professional gambler?" he asked the man, giving him another quick once-over. The man certainly appeared well-off.
"Nah, I'm just a local used to helping the novices. My name's Jonathan Wilder." He held out his hand, a glittering gold watch peeping out from the edge of his sleeve. "I noticed you at ISC. I've never seen you before and I know most of the pros here."
Ethan shook the extended hand, liking Jonathan's warm, firm grip. He had a large hand that was curiously calloused on the fingers. "Ethan Winter. It's my first time in Vegas, actually."
Jonathan pretended surprise. "What? And you're not out at a strip club?"
Ethan laughed. "Already been."
"And you still have money left to gamble with? Impossible."
He liked Jonathan's teasing. "Not my speed," Ethan admitted with a grin. "My friends had a good time though. They donated all their money."
"Not your speed, huh?" Jonathan's gray eyes crinkled at the corners. "Good to know. So what field are you in?"
Ethan's radar began to ping. "I do mostly investigative work for now. I'm applying for a federal job after I graduate."
"A college boy, huh?" Ethan's body tightened minutely as Jonathan looked him over. "I suddenly feel too old," the man joked.
"I don't know anyone who'd think that if they looked at you," Ethan replied smoothly. He locked eyes with the older man. Jonathan slowly smirked.
Ethan began to walk, knowing the other man would fall into step with him, which he did. "So what kind of work do you do here, Jonathan?"
"I consult for some of the locals' casinos."
Ethan glanced at him in bemusement. "Local? This isn't local?"
"I'm referring to off-Strip casinos that cater to the city locals. They require a different kind of security than the Strip properties do. More discreet. I like it a lot. Good money in it too, which is a convenient bonus." 
"I'll bet!"
They rounded a bank of slot machines, unexpectedly coming up against a wall. Ethan turned and found himself less than a foot from the other man. 
"I saw you talking to Maxmillian Poole at registration," Jonathan commented. He took a step forward and nonchalantly braced his arm against the wall beside Ethan's head, casually trapping him.
Ethan's good mood suddenly deflated, surprising him. Why did mention of the dark-haired man leave him feeling anxious? "Do you know him?"
"Most everyone knows him in this city. He runs a personal security firm that he took over from his rich uncle. He handles politicians and celebrity clients." Jonathan shrugged dismissively. "A lot of show, if you ask me."
Poole had seemed anything but showy, Ethan thought. It was a strange comment. "What do you mean?"
"I heard a rumor that he only hires models or some nonsense. Can you imagine sending models to protect high-end clients? Sounds like a lawsuit waiting to happen." Jonathan shook his head, incredulous. "But he must be doing something right. He makes the big bucks, and his agents show up in magazines and on the news. He runs a strange business."
Working on a hunch, Ethan ventured, "Are you and he, er, competitors?"
"We run across each other every once in a while," Jonathan replied with an enigmatic smile. He studied Ethan for a long moment and then said, "Should I worry that you and he were talking? He's not normally a man who networks with college students, no offense. Poole's a snob that way."
Ethan didn't know how to answer that. "We—we just talked. Only a few words, really. I accidentally spilled the glass of water he was trying to pick up."
Jonathan's eyes lit up. "Ah, that explains it." He abruptly looked over his shoulder in the direction of the gaming pits. "Are you going to try your hand at any more games?"
Ethan's shoulders slumped. "No, that's it. I'm done. I really should pace myself." I can't believe I lost all that money.
"Care for a local tour of the city, then?"
It was like being given an injection of adrenaline. Ethan cocked an eyebrow and smiled slightly. "Sounds like a great way to end the night."

~~~~~

Jonathan actually did take him on a tour of the city, or at least of the Strip. Ethan had expected to be driven to the man's home or even into a dark alley. But Jonathan proved to be more patient, navigating the thick bumper to bumper traffic in his convertible BMW to point out the casinos and restaurants they passed.
"Huge lobsters there," Jonathan said, pointing down a driveway next to the walkway connecting Treasure Island and the east side of the Strip that Ethan would otherwise have missed. "They have three and four pounders, if you can believe. I take clients there and impress the hell out of them." Jonathan chuckled. "They never complain that the things are as tough as shoe leather from being cooked so long. They're too thrilled about eating a lobster the size of a cat."
Ethan laughed.
A half a mile later he pointed to the west side of the street at a towering, cylindrical casino. "There are rides up on the top of that," Jonathan explained. He winked at Ethan. "I don't suggest you ride them though. The guy who built this casino is a pretty shady character. He had a lot of money problems during construction so I wouldn't be surprised if he cut corners, if you know what I mean."
"Good tip," Ethan agreed, amused.
The other man pointed at the Westward Ho. "They have a bar in there with ninety-nine cent shrimp cocktails and three-quarter pound beef hotdogs. Big suckers... if you're a size queen."
Ethan glanced askance at the other man and found Jonathan studying him for reaction. "No?" the older man asked, smirking a little.
Ethan flushed. "Seems a little shallow."
"Good," Jonathan said smugly. He checked his reflection briefly in the rear view mirror. "Not that you'll have any reason to complain."
Jonathan pulled a U-turn and headed back the way they'd come.
"Poole abstains from sex, did you know that?"
The remark was so random, Ethan floundered for a moment. "He—what?"
Instead of answering, Jonathan pointed at Circus Circus, coming up on their right. "Whatever you do, don't ever go in there. You'll end up with six headaches on top of each other. Kids everywhere."
Ethan felt like he was walking across an ice covered pond wearing only socks. This was a strange conversation.
At a red light, Jonathan gave Ethan his full attention. "It's true about Poole, you know. Or that's what I've heard. The guy's married to his work. That's all he cares about. He doesn't date. The women he escorts to functions are fellow agents or friends. Different each time. He's like a machine without genitals."
"Good for him," Ethan replied lamely. "The guy's dedicated to his work." 
Was Jonathan trying to warn him off because he didn't like the man? Or was he trying to do Ethan a favor by saving him from making a pass at an uninterested Poole?
Jonathan chuckled at his response. "Would you care to see my offices? It's my chance to show off."
At least this question led to something Ethan understood. He relaxed slightly. "I'd love to."
"They're up a couple of blocks."
A turn east took them off the Strip. After a mile or so Jonathan drove into a vast business complex full of immense glass buildings. A winding interior road eventually led them into the heart of the complex and to a set of single-story buildings no less impressive for being smaller than their brothers. Jonathan parked in front of one of the shadowed buildings and got out of the car. Ethan followed him up to the sidewalk.
"There she is," Jonathan proclaimed proudly, sweeping his hand to include the glass building next to them. "I own the building."
Ethan's eyebrows shot up. "Wow. Color me impressed." While he didn't know what property cost in Las Vegas he imagined it was pretty high. A few feet away he saw a glass door with stenciled numbers above it and discreet, unreadable lettering on the front of it. "Isn't that the front door over there? Aren't we going inside?"
He heard a familiar jingle. His mouth began watering as he turned back to Jonathan. The man already had his belt undone and his pants gaping open. From the shadowed V of fabric rose his cock, thick and nearly straight. Ethan swallowed, his own cock swiftly filling with blood.
"I hope you don't mind," Jonathan murmured, his voice already thickening with lust, "but I have a bit of an exhibitionist streak. I get off on doing it in public places."
Ethan glanced quickly around them. None of the lights were on in the glass-walled buildings hovering over them. It was too late for anyone to still be working. But security might drive by or a random employee catching up on work before the morning might inadvertently catch them in the act.
"Come here, Ethan."
Ethan thought of how the concrete would feel beneath his knees. He'd rather do it in the car than on the sidewalk, frankly.
"I said, come here."
The demand was nearly growled. It entered Ethan's ears and went straight to his cock. He was falling to his knees before he was consciously aware of moving. 
"Better," Jonathan stated roughly.
Ethan's blood burned hot. He stared at Jonathan's cock and licked his lips. He could already feel the heat of it filling his mouth, could already imagine the musk being heady in his nose even though he was too far away to actually smell it. He'd done this a lot, and he loved it. He craved having a man loom over him, his cock in Ethan's face, waiting to be worshipped. It put Ethan in his place, exactly where he wanted to be.
"Put it in your mouth," Jonathan ordered, his hands propped on his hips. "Just the head. I want you to hold it on your tongue and savor what I'm giving you."
Ethan shuddered at the instructions and obediently took hold of the other man's erection. It was hot and smooth in his hand. He didn't have to pull it down to fit in his mouth since it was sticking straight out. As soon as the smooth, spongy helmet rested on his tongue he shut his eyes and moaned softly at the familiar salty taste.
"You like it, boy? You like how it feels? How it tastes?"
He nodded without losing his grip on the hard flesh. His tongue curled around the ridge, tracing the beloved topography.
A hand curled around the back of his head. "Open your pants and take yourself out, college boy. I want you to show me how much you like sucking my cock."
Getting off was gravy as far as Ethan was concerned. He tore open his pants and fished himself out. He was harder than Jonathan was. He closed his hand around himself and gave his cock a slow, teasing stroke from head to base and back. A pearl of liquid dewed at the tip. He smeared it with his thumb, the sensation making him close his lips tighter around Jonathan.
"That's it," the older man hissed. His other hand joined the one behind Ethan's head and the man began to slowly push himself deeper into Ethan's mouth. When the head reached the top of his esophagus, Ethan relaxed his muscles and allowed Jonathan to sheath himself in his throat.
"Oh, god. I should've known you could deep throat," Jonathan groaned as he angled himself a little deeper. Ethan could feel the man's pulse inside his throat, thumping like a trapped bird. With another groan Jonathan pulled back, dragging himself along the length of Ethan's tongue. Taking a shuddery breath, he began to pump back into Ethan with measured thrusts. "Stroke yourself," he managed to gasp.
Ethan did so but slowly, wanting to torture himself a little. His fingers stayed away from his sensitive tip, stroking the shaft instead. He looked up at Jonathan as he sucked. With the night shadows it was easy to imagine the man's hair was as dark as coal and his features were aristocratic. Ethan moaned and sucked harder, imagining Maxmillian Poole using him like this. In his fantasies, Poole wanted to see Ethan on his knees, completely subjugated.
He closed his eyes. His hum of need earned a gasp from the man above him. Fingers tightened in his hair. The cock in his mouth began to butt the back of his throat harder and faster. Wiry pubic hair scraped his lips and chin with increasing force until finally his lips were jammed tight against the curls and his nose was crushed to warm skin. Ethan jerked himself furiously, racing to the end. He swallowed encouragingly. The cock in this throat rippled, twitched and then spat down his throat like an angry snake.
Still held tight to the other man's groin, choking on his flesh, Ethan yanked himself one final time and shuddered as he came all over the sidewalk.
"Not... bad."
The voice was Jonathan's, not Poole's. He withdrew from Ethan's mouth, allowing him to gasp for much needed air. Ethan leaned his head against the other man's lower belly as Jonathan carded his fingers through his hair.
"You've done that before," the older man accused, laughing softly.
Ethan smiled. "Once or twice."
Fingers slipped around his head and curled under his jaw, tipping his face up. "Come up here." 
Ethan awkwardly climbed to his feet, pants still gaping open and softening cock hanging out. Jonathan slid an arm behind his back and drew him forward into a kiss. When a strong hand cupped his ass and fingers lightly explored his crease, Ethan released a moan into Jonathan's mouth.
"You're so damn sexy," the older man murmured, breaking the kiss to cover Ethan's throat with soft kisses. "I want to hold you down by the scruff of the neck and fuck you like a dog."
Ethan gasped, his body trembling. "You think I'll let you?"
Jonathan chuckled. "What an enflaming question." He raised his head and studied Ethan's flushed face. "Regretfully, I think I should take you back. The first seminars are bright and early and a future Fed should always be punctual."
Disappointed but acknowledging the man was right, Ethan stepped back. He tucked Jonathan away and fastened up the man's pants before doing the same for himself.
"Maybe dinner tomorrow night if you don't have any other dates with attractive men?" Jonathan teased as they walked back to his car.
Fantasy versus reality? Ethan knew to be practical. "Thanks, Jonathan." His ass tingled in anticipation. "I think I'd like that."

~~~~~

The morning was ugly. Or make that, Larry and Bob were. Ethan truly did pity his friends as the three of them wandered into the Sands Expo hall with a herd of other security experts. Bob was pale with bloodshot eyes; Larry was an equally unflattering shade of green. Both men appeared older than they were and with their suitcase-rumpled clothing looked woefully out of place amidst men and women who could afford to have their clothes steamed by housekeeping.
"Let me know if you guys need me to run to the sundries store for Peptol Bismol or anything," Ethan offered as they entered a ballroom for their first seminar of the day. He guided the men to sit in one of the back rows near the door in case a quick exit was needed. He was particularly worried about Larry. "Whatever you need, just let me know. I don't want you getting sick again."
"Do me a favor and don't mention getting sick," Larry muttered, palming his face in his hands. His white hair stuck up all over his head like straw. "I don't want to hear it and I don't want to think about it."
"How can you be so chipper?" Bob groused, mopping at his sweating forehead. Strands of his hair had clumped together on his skull, making him look even balder. "Didn't you drink anything last night?"
"I did but I walked it off when I checked out some casinos," Ethan replied, feeling a little guilty.
"Ethan, see if you can find me some coffee," Larry groaned, still bent over where he sat. "Maybe that'll help."
"Sure thing, Larry. Bob, you want any?"
The other man grimaced. "The smell will make me—" he broke off, glancing over at his boss. He looked back at Ethan with resignation and shook his head. "I'm okay. Just get his."
Nodding, Ethan hurried out of the room, hoping to grab the coffee and get back before the presentation began.
On the way in he'd passed the open doors of a room with tables full of complimentary breakfast items and beverages. He quickly found it again. He made a coffee for Larry the way the man liked it and then looked over the selection of muffins and Danishes for something his boss might be able to stomach.
The sound of a familiar voice made his spine stiffen. He raised his eyes to the doorway and saw Maxmillian Poole dressed in an exquisitely tailored navy suit, standing in the hall and speaking to a very beautiful woman. Ethan's heart raced as he stared at the other man's perfect profile. The attraction was irresistible. The space between them felt electrified. Ethan approached cautiously, unsure what to say or if he possessed the courage to greet the man. But he had to get closer. 
Suddenly he heard Poole mention the word coffee and saw the woman nod and smile. The black-haired man turned and entered the doorway. He came face to face with Ethan, and froze.
"G-good morning, Mr. Poole," Ethan blurted, surreptitiously wiping his palm on his hip before offering it to the other man. "Nice to see you again."
Poole's expression shuttered, lashes drawing low over his eyes as if he were bored. Or annoyed. "I wish I could say the same," the man replied curtly, ignoring Ethan's hand and stepping around him to reach the coffee decanters.
Ethan's smile wobbled. He blinked twice in confusion. He turned around and watched the other man pour two coffees. "Um... I'm sorry, I'm not sure what you mean. You gave me your card yesterday." Ethan smiled hopefully. "At registration."
Sapphire eyes flicked to him with disinterest. "Please dispose of it."
Sweat trickled down Ethan's spine. He felt strangely like a student who'd disappointed a teacher, though for what, he had no idea. "Look, there must be some misunderstanding. I don't know why you're—"
"Mr. Winter, let me explain something to you." The elation Ethan felt that Poole remembered his name died a quick death when paired with the man's cool, hard tone of voice and the fact the man refused to look at Ethan as he spoke. "I am a man who enjoys competition only if the prize is something I deem worthy of my efforts. There are few material goods that meet that requirement. There are fewer people who do." Those dark blue eyes finally pinned Ethan again. "Since you’re from Indiana I will put it bluntly: I am not desperate. Nor do I appreciate low-brow displays meant to entice me." He picked up both cups of coffee and walked past Ethan with a stiff, "Enjoy the conference, Mr. Winter, and please don’t approach me again."
A fish couldn't have gaped wider than Ethan did at that moment. He stared at the doorway Poole had exited through, as dazed as if he'd been hit in the head with a baseball bat. Had someone said something about him, trying to smear him? It was certainly possible but what would be the purpose? Ethan was a nobody.
Or was it something simpler: had Poole seen some of Ethan's modeling shots? None of the photos he'd posed for were nudes, but they were definitely suggestive. If a man were homophobic they might even be offensive.
It was the only explanation he could come up with for Poole's behavior and he didn't like it—or the implications—at all. 
He stared into Larry's cup of coffee, sick both at the confrontation and the disturbing state of his arousal. It seemed even when Maxmillian Poole hated him Ethan still wanted him. I am really twisted. Hopefully the Bureau tests won't involve measuring my response to verbal abuse, he thought in disgust.
He waited a few moments for his cock to soften. Then, dispirited, he carried the coffee and a banana back to his friends.
He didn't see Maxmillian Poole during the next two sessions, which Ethan was both grateful for and perversely disappointed about. When the lunch break came, he managed to make excuses to Larry and Bob and caught a cab out of the Venetian. 
Something nagged at the back of his mind. 
By memory he directed the cabbie to Jonathan Wilder's office building. The glass building looked even more magnificent during the day, sunlight gleaming off of one-way windows tinted gold.
Ethan could admire them for only a moment. His attention was for the front door he'd seen last night but hadn't entered. He told the cabbie to wait and then walked up to the building. He noticed a security camera set in the corner of the roof that he hadn't seen last night. Heart in his throat, Ethan stopped before the front door of Jonathan's office. The stenciled letters were classy and easy to read in the bright morning sunlight:

The Elite Poole
Maxmillian Poole, Agent-in-Charge






3


The rest of the convention day passed by in a blur. Ethan took notes, he held conversations with Larry and Bob and other security professionals he met in the sessions. But he did all of this while on auto-pilot. The bulk of his concentration was focused on what had happened the night before.
When he'd been duped.
It had taken the remainder of the lunch break and a good hour after that for him to get over the shock. Anger had followed, and then confusion. Why would Jonathan trick him like that? What was the point? Even if Wilder and Poole were competitors as Ethan suspected, how did he fit into the equation? He'd exchanged only a handful of words with Poole and half of them could be considered insults anyway. Why did Jonathan think Poole cared what he did with Ethan?
Or maybe it had nothing to do with Ethan at all. Maybe this was some sick competition the two men participated in, trying to one-up each other by coaxing innocent victims into displays outside their respective buildings.
Ethan stared out the window of their room at the Mirage in the Desert and he frowned, discarding the theory. Maxmillian Poole would never do what Jonathan Wilder had done. The man was too classy for that. Ethan doubted the man even touched his own dirty laundry. The only other explanation was that Jonathan got his kicks by doing it on his own. He picked up guys and made them blow him in front of the Elite Poole cameras in an elaborate version of flipping Poole the bird.
Weird, but Ethan had heard worse. Yet if that was all there was to it, Jonathan was taking a huge chance by being caught on camera like that. He was leaving behind physical evidence that could be taken to the police.
Ethan rubbed his chin thoughtfully. Unless he didn't expect Poole to turn the tape over. For instance if Jonathan was confident Poole would erase the tape... or keep it. Were Wilder and Poole ex-lovers and this was Jonathan's way of getting revenge?
That would mean, however, that Poole was gay or at least bisexual. And that would mean Ethan had just blown whatever chance he might have once had with the man. He thought he might prefer believing Poole was straight if that were the case.
A hand landed on his shoulder. "You okay, kiddo?"
Ethan turned from the window and smiled at his boss. "Just fine, Larry. I'm trying to absorb everything I learned today. It was like cramming for a college course."
"You're telling me," Bob groaned from where he was propped against the headboard on one of the beds, TV remote in hand. "Stuff just started going in one ear and out the other after about an hour."
"That's why you were supposed to take notes," Larry reprimanded him, giving Ethan's shoulder a final squeeze before heading to the bathroom. "That free pen they give you isn't just a souvenir, you know."
"Yeah, yeah," Bob muttered. Eyes on a UNLV baseball game, Bob said, "So lunch was pretty bad, huh? You came back looking a little out of it."
Ethan leaned back against the window. It placed him over the unit air conditioner which tried valiantly—and loudly—to hold back the desert heat.
"I was hoping to meet up with someone I met at the conference. He blew me off though. I was a little ticked, I guess."
"You gotta be careful who you arrange to meet in this city," Bob went on, still watching the television screen. "This ain't Indiana. A young good-looking guy like you can get hurt."
Surprised by the concern, Ethan said, "It's not like I'm some rube, Bob. Remember the biker guy? I'm trained to take people down."
"You're too trusting." Bob scratched his gut. "You think everyone's a nice guy. Not everyone's like you. Or like us." He shrugged. "You do what you want. I'm just saying."
Ethan stared at the older man, remembering how Bob had made his life a minor hell when he'd first joined Winnaker Security by razzing him about being too young and incompetent for the job. It was also Bob who'd given Larry the recommendation that Ethan be given more responsibilities ("since he thinks he's so good").
"I'll be careful, Bob. Thanks." 
Ethan didn't bother saying more than that but he felt a lot better about what had happened to him. He'd made a fool out of himself here but Las Vegas wasn't his home. Indiana was. Maxmillian Poole and Jonathan Wilder were only strangers, not like Bob and Larry.
Bob grunted something, and then tried again. "You going out again? I see you changed clothes." He looked at Ethan then, throwing him a leer. "Picking up a hooker?"
Ethan broke into a grin. "Just hitting the town. I met a local who offered to show me around."
"Is she hot? Big tits? Or are you an ass man? I've never seen any of your girls, come to think of it."
Ethan kept his grin. "That's because I know better than to bring them around you and Larry. You two would hit on them or convince them I have an STD." He joined Bob in a chuckle. "I'll probably be back fairly early tonight, so if you and Larry happen to be here when I get back we can hang out. I've heard the sports books in some of these casinos have to be seen to be believed."
Bob's face lit up. "Oh, yeah? That sounds like something worth doing. Ditch your girl early, Ethan. We gotta go watch some sports. Just us guys."
"That sounds fun." And he meant it too. For the first time all day, Ethan looked forward to doing something in Vegas.

~~~~~

At six, Ethan made the call to Jonathan Wilder. 
He didn't want Jonathan picking him up so he suggested they meet at the Venetian again. He'd chosen the casino because a cocktail reception was being held for ISC attendees in one of the ballrooms. As he'd expected, Jonathan jumped at the chance to flaunt Ethan's company at an event where Maxmillian Poole might be in attendance.
When he saw Jonathan heading towards him down the hall outside the ballroom, it took all of Ethan's willpower to keep the smile on his face. He was a naturally easy-going guy, but he was furious at that moment. The sight of Jonathan's big grin made Ethan want to punch his teeth out. But assault could potentially land him in trouble with the police and Jonathan Wilder was not worth risking a police record. So Ethan grinned back, swallowed his fury, and pretended to return the older man's flirting as they headed into the ballroom for the cocktail party.
The place was packed with conventioneers eager to network and partake of the free champagne and hors d'oeuvres laid out in a buffet along one wall. It reminded Ethan of a high school prom but without the dancing. Large round tables were set up for people to sit and eat. 
"Do you mind if we sit?" Ethan asked, pointing to a table near the middle of the room that had a pair of empty chairs.
Jonathan's approval of the center table was evident as he nodded. "Go on. I'll grab us a couple of glasses of bubbly."
As he sat and waited, Ethan scanned the crowd worriedly. So far no sign of Poole. He wasn't sure if he was relieved by that or disappointed. He didn't have much time to think about it before Jonathan joined him with the champagne.
"I thought about you all night," Jonathan whispered, staring hungrily at Ethan from over the rim of his glass. "I had to beat off twice, thinking about your mouth."
Ethan forced a smile. "I couldn't get your taste out of my mouth," he replied, staring deep into the other man's eyes. "I want more."
He watched the pupils of Jonathan's eyes explode outwards. Smirking, Ethan reached beneath the table cloth and cupped the other man between the legs, careful to keep his movements discreet. Jonathan's cock was already hard, filling Ethan's palm.
"I wish I could crawl under this table right now and suck you," Ethan murmured, giving the hard flesh a squeeze.
Jonathan's large fingers stroked the stem of his champagne glass in a blatantly sexual way. He was an idiot for being so obvious when anyone could see him, but Ethan didn't warn him to stop. Instead, he deftly unzipped Jonathan's pants and maneuvered his cock out through the fly of his boxers. 
Jonathan licked his lips. "You're horny for it," he growled. "You want more of my meat, don't you, boy?"
I'd rather rip it off and feed it to you, Ethan thought, still smiling, but instead he squeezed and pulled on Jonathan, bringing him swiftly to full arousal.
Still smiling, Ethan leaned close to the other man and said, "Thanks for last night. I've always wanted to be in the movies. Would've been nice if I'd known about it and had time to check my hair. I would have wanted to look my best for Mr. Poole." Then he casually tipped his glass of champagne over the edge of the table into Jonathan’s lap.
Jonathan let out a shout and jumped backwards, his chair hitting the ground with a loud thump. Startled gasps filled the air as every eye in the room strained to see what the commotion was about. A handful of men even leaped to their feet, their security backgrounds coming through.
But what they found wasn't an emergency, although maybe it felt that way to Jonathan. He looked down at where Ethan had dumped his drink into his lap. Except instead of a pair of wet pants he was sporting a very wet, rigid cock which jutted straight out like a fishing pole. The entire room full of Wilder's colleagues and competitors were looking at him literally with his pants down.
Ethan stood up as well and backed away, looking as shocked as the people around them. No one would assume he had just been masturbating Jonathan. They'd believe what was simplest: that Jonathan was a pervert who'd been doing it on his own. 
"Jesus, Mr. Wilder," Ethan said, loud enough for those closest to overhear him. "What were you thinking? Do you—do you have some sort of freaky kink? I mean, doing it right here under the table? In public? That's just sick."
"You little fucker," Jonathan hissed, frantically trying to do up his pants. "I'll kill you!" He took a menacing step towards Ethan, zipper only halfway up, when his way was abruptly blocked by two casino security guards.
"Sir, please pull up your pants and come with us."
Jonathan's face turned dark red, his eyes bulging. 
"Sir, there are women here," one of the guards said sternly.
That made Jonathan blanch. He looked wildly around the room at the people who were watching. "No, no you've got it all wrong!" he protested.
"You got your rocks off, now let's go, you sick nutso," ordered the other guard, grabbing Jonathan by the arm while his partner took Wilder's other arm. Jonathan struggled and then suddenly wilted as if he'd lost all his strength. He ducked his head and muttered something to the guards. They escorted him from the room amidst exclamations of shock and disgust.
While all eyes were on Jonathan's ignominious retreat, Ethan slipped from the crowd and out a door at the other side of the room. His heart was pounding. He was still angry but he felt completely vindicated. In a week no one would remember that he'd been in Vegas, but everyone would remember Jonathan Wilder caught with his cock out and he'd have to face them every day. It was the best revenge Ethan could imagine.
He passed down a long hallway, his reflection caught in a huge mirror. Something else in the mirror made him pause though, and turn around. A dark-haired man a few years older than he was studying the business cards and leaflets strewn across a cloth-covered table. The man was dressed in an expensive-looking charcoal suit and by his athletic build was obviously a security pro of some kind.
Ethan strode up to the table. "Why are you following me?" 
The other man looked up, surprised. He looked to be European, most likely Italian or Spanish by his swarthy complexion. He was very clean-cut and handsome—someone Ethan would have been attracted to under different circumstances.
"I'm sorry," the man began, smiling in confusion, "I'm not sure what you're talking about."
"I saw you earlier at the sports book and then again at the information booth. That's not coincidence. You're following me." When the man opened his mouth to argue, Ethan shook his head. "I'm in the same business you are. Don't bullshit me, man."
The man closed his mouth. He held Ethan's eyes and then slowly nodded. His polite smile relaxed into something more natural. "Either I lost my touch or you're one paranoid guy." He grinned ruefully. "I'm supposed to be better than this."
Despite the situation, the other man's smile was disarming and Ethan found himself relaxing. "No, you're good. If I weren't already on edge today I probably wouldn't have noticed and made the connection." He shrugged. "So why are you following me? Who are you?"
"Name's Giuliani." He held out his hand for Ethan to take. "I'm only following to see you don't get into any trouble with Wilder, but I guess he's out of the picture now thanks to you. That was pretty humiliating what you did to him."
Ethan shook Giuliani's hand. "He deserved it."
To his surprise, Giuliani nodded. "He sure did. Guy's nothing but a prick. Most people can't stand him. I'm sure they're having a good laugh about it back in the room. He'll never live it down."
Realizing he had a potential source of information at his disposal, Ethan decided to push his luck. "Can I buy you a drink? You've been following me all night. You're probably thirsty."
Giuliani laughed, his dark eyes crinkling at the corners. "I don't usually get this type of treatment from targets but there's a first time for everything, I guess. Sure. Let's go."

~~~~~

They ended up going to the sports book bar. Casino and restaurant employees seemed to prefer the place, which meant it was quiet and better for conversation.
Giuliani toasted Ethan with his Grey Goose and soda. "Cheers."
Ethan returned the gesture with his beer. "So you never did answer my first question: who hired you to follow me?"
Giuliani took a good swallow of his drink before setting it down. Ethan tried not to stare at how the other man's throat bobbed as he swallowed.
"Just someone who wanted to make sure you didn't get involved with our mutual friend Wilder. Speaking of whom, how did you know he was gay?"
Ethan shrugged, uncomfortable.
"He hit on you, right? So you decided to turn the tables on him?" Giuliani wagged his eyebrows, the effect slightly comical when he was dressed so expensively. "You've got some balls—no pun intended—to be willing to jerk him off just to exact some revenge. I'm not sure I could've done it."
Ethan just smiled. Giuliani assumed he was straight. That was probably for the best. It kept Ethan out of trouble, at least.
"When you're mad, nothing seems like it's too much to do for revenge," Ethan said. "So who else thinks Jonathan is a jerk? And why does he care if I hang out with him?"
A sly smile was the other man's response. "Nice try, but I'm not telling you who hired me."
"Why does it matter?"
"My client chooses to remain anonymous."
Frustrated, Ethan nursed his beer. This interrogation wasn't going as smoothly as he'd hoped. He decided to try a different tactic.
"I met another man at the conference," he began, watching Giuliani closely for reaction. "Maybe you know him. He said his name is Maxmillian Poole."
Giuliani took a sip of his drink. "Just as everyone in this town knows Wilder, everyone also knows Maxmillian. The two exist at opposite ends of the spectrum."
Noting the familiar use of Poole's first name, Ethan was encouraged. "He struck me as an uptight asshole. One of those guys who hides behind his money and expects people to admire him just because he's rich."
The Italian's expression didn't change from his relaxed set. "Anyone who says that is probably jealous. They certainly don't know Maxmillian."
"But you do," Ethan pointed out. "So tell me about him."
"He owns the Elite Poole. If you're rich, if you're famous, or if you're beautiful—you hire his agents."
"Because his agents are models."
Giuliani laughed. "You heard that?" Ethan nodded. "Well, I guess it's partly true. None of them are real models but a few could probably get jobs doing that sort of work if security doesn't pan out." A mysterious smile tugged at the man's lips. "They're good-looking and yes, Maxmillian hires them only if they're attractive. But that's not why they're good. They're all professionals. Ex-military, ex-security, ex-government—that's all Maxmillian wants. The agents in the Elite Poole may look pretty on the outside, but inside they're capable of some serious ass-whooping."
"And that's why they're elite?"
A smirk preceded Giuliani's answer. "They're elite because Maxmillian has made them elite. He's a perfectionist, a control-freak, and so damned good at his job he could put every other security agency out of business in this town if he ever decided to expand. But he doesn't because he caters to a clientele that wants the kind of personal service a small agency can give him. He gives his clients the best service available and he charges them an arm and a leg for it. That's why his business is elite."
Ethan absently pressed the buttons on the video poker machine imbedded in the bar top. "He's young to have built up such a reputation so quickly."
Giuliani nodded. "He's not the owner. He took over the business from his uncle. His uncle originally focused on casino high rollers. When he retired to France Maxmillian took over and expanded the client base into politicians, businessmen and celebrity VIPs. Vegas is the perfect place for what he's doing."
Ethan had to agree. He'd learned from other conventioneers that Las Vegas was one of the most important and busiest convention cities in North American, possibly even the world. The influx of upper echelon businessmen was nearly constant. Couple that with a steady stream of celebrity events and Poole was in a prime location for his business.
"Sounds like you've known him a long time," Ethan remarked casually.
"Not so long. I was doing PI work for him before he—" Giuliani broke off as Ethan looked up at him, grinning. The Italian man shook his head, smiling wryly. "So you caught me."
Ethan laughed. "You got a card?"
Giuliani pulled one from an interior coat pocket and handed it over.
"Giuliani Faretti," Ethan read aloud, "Security Specialist." He raised his eyes quizzically. "He makes agents do investigative work? I thought you were bodyguards?"
"We are." Giuliani gave a careless shrug. "He keeps investigators on the payroll for things like this—it's how he and I first met. But he wanted to keep this particular assignment in-house."
In-house, meaning Poole didn't want anyone knowing he was keeping tabs on Ethan. Why?
"Did he tell you why you're doing this?" Ethan asked. The mystery was killing him. "Is it me or Jonathan he's worried about?"
Giuliani looked at him oddly. "I don't know why you think it's you. Maxmillian and Wilder have a history. Something happened between them back when Maxmillian took over the business from his uncle. Wilder has hated him ever since. It's my guess that Maxmillian asked me to follow you two to make sure Wilder didn't try to recruit you for one of his nefarious schemes."
"Nefarious schemes? He ties people to railroad tracks?"
Giuliani's grin matched Ethan's. "As fun as that sounds to foil, it's nothing that dramatic. He has a tendency to talk people into committing elaborate smear campaigns against Maxmillian and the business. They're always tracked back to Wilder but that doesn't seem to stop him."
The animosity stunned Ethan. It also angered him. He didn't appreciate being used as a pawn in Maxmillian and Jonathan's personal feud.
"But thanks to that little display at the cocktail party I'll be able to report to Maxmillian that he has nothing to fear from you," Giuliani laughed, toasting Ethan again. "You're one of the good guys."
Still upset, Ethan forced a smile. "To the good guys."
He felt the other man's eyes on him as he finished his beer. "So tell me about yourself, Ethan. What field are you in?"
Ethan told him an edited version of his life in Indiana, keeping out the name of Winnaker and vaguely explaining his ambitions for a federal job. Giuliani was a professional and could dig up a lot of information if he wanted. Ethan preferred that the man not come anywhere near his life in Indiana. Las Vegas was going to be wiped from Ethan's slate. He had been played like the hick Maxmillian Poole had accused him of being and he had no intention of remembering it or letting it taint his FBI aspirations.
"You ever consider moving to Vegas?" Giuliani asked him after he'd finished.
Ethan shuddered. "No way. I've had my fill."
"Aw, it's not so bad. You ran into the wrong guy to be your tour guide, that's all. You need a fun guy like me to show you around." Giuliani's grin was so white and dazzling Ethan was sure the other man had paid to have it bleached. "A couple of handsome studs like us could attract quite a female following. I'd be the hot Italian stallion and you'd be the All-American white boy. Girls wouldn't be able to resist us."
Ethan rolled his eyes. "You know what I think? I think you're perfect for Las Vegas and I'm perfect for where I live. I think we should keep it that way."
Giuliani clucked his tongue in disappointment. "You're missing out, white boy. This city can change your life."
Inwardly, Ethan winced. I sure hope not.

~~~~~

It was ten o'clock at night but Maxmillian Poole was still at his office. This time though, he wasn't alone.
He scanned the report he held, even though he'd already committed most of it to memory. "So you believe him."
Standing on the other side of Max's immense mahogany desk, Giuliani, one of his best agents, nodded.
"He's pretty easy to read. From what I could tell he told me the truth. He omitted some personal details about where he worked and such, but that was it. He's a stand-up guy."
Maxmillian ignored the last. "You're convinced the scene with Wilder wasn't a show?"
Giuliani smirked. "Oh, it was a show alright, but it wasn't one Wilder enjoyed one iota. You should have seen how upset he was. His face was purple. I'm sure you'll hear about it through the grapevine. The convention will be buzzing with it tomorrow."
"I see." Maxmillian closed the file containing Giuliani's report and sat back. "Thank you, Giuliani. You did an excellent job."
Surprise registered on the agent's face. "No reprimand for the drink and chat afterwards? I thought for sure you wouldn't like me spilling the beans like I did."
"It served its purposes," Max replied blandly. "You convinced him to trust you. Thank you, Giuliani. That will be all."
Shrugging, the handsome agent headed out of Max's large office. At the door he paused though, and glanced back. "He'd be a good addition, if that's what you were trying to determine in a roundabout way."
Maxmillian regarded him intently. "A good addition to what?"
"To the agency, of course. He's got the looks, the confidence. He's in the business already..." Giuliani grinned. "We know he doesn't like Wilder."
"I hadn't realized my standards had become so trivial." Maxmillian narrowed his eyes. "I'll take your ill-conceived recommendation into consideration the next time I'm hiring. Perhaps when I fire you."
Chuckling, Giuliani nodded. "Goodnight, sir." He let himself out.
Maxmillian picked up the nearest Mont Blanc to begin writing notes, only to lay the pen down with annoyance a minute later. He couldn't concentrate. Giuliani's suggestion and the information he'd written in his report unsettled Max. He'd hoped the report would write off Ethan Winter once and for all by confirming he was either dumb enough to fall for Jonathan Wilder's machinations or materialistic enough not to care that the man was a snake. But if the scene at the cocktail party had unfolded as Giuliani claimed, Ethan Winter was neither as shallow nor as naive as Max had thought.
He drummed his fingers on the blotter, impatient with himself. Grieg played softly over the office speakers but it couldn't calm his mind. He detested personal indecisiveness. A good businessman didn't waffle. Yet here he was, torn by the unexpected enigma of a man he barely knew. He wanted to dismiss Ethan, but he couldn't. Why not?
Maxmillian had done a cursory background check on the blond after finding the incriminating video that morning. From all appearances Ethan was harmless, just a young man caught up in Jonathan's games.
But why had Jonathan picked him in the first place? Max had reviewed his initial meeting with Ethan and couldn't pinpoint where he'd said or done anything during the exchange to warrant Jonathan's jealousy. What had the man seen—or more accurately, what had he imagined he'd seen?
Nothing that existed, to be sure. Maxmillian was discreet, but more importantly he was uninterested. Since the messy demise of his and Jonathan's brief affair he'd avoided any and all personal relationships. He'd learned his lesson with Jonathan. The pursuit of personal pleasure was a hindrance when one was attempting to build an empire. As the relationship with Jonathan had proved, Max's ambitions did not meld well with another man's.
Making the decision to abstain hadn't been a difficult one. Max was a master not only of his domain but of his body. If he told himself he didn't need sex he didn't need it. It was as simple as that.
He had no idea what had compelled him to give Ethan Winter his card but he was convinced it had nothing to do with sex. The more likely conclusion to draw was that he'd sensed what Giuliani had—that Ethan was a possible candidate for employment with the agency. It was Jonathan's mistake for not realizing that and assuming Max had a deeper interested in their friend from Indiana.
To prove it to himself, Max pulled up the digital recording of the security footage and opened it with a computer program. The image on screen was predominantly black but a circle of light in the lower left hand screen held the figures of Jonathan and Ethan as they acted out the older man's cruel joke.
Max let his lids lower to half-mast as he watched Ethan give Jonathan an enthusiastic blowjob. The blond appeared to be very good if Jonathan's reactions were any indication. Maxmillian had never given his ex-lover a blowjob, but that was primarily because their sessions in bed together had been a battle of the alpha males and Max had been determined not to submit. Jonathan clearly didn't have that problem making Ethan submit. He had both hands in the blond's hair, holding him in place, making him swallow Jonathan's considerable length again and again—
And that was when Max realized he was half-hard.
He clicked off the recording. He fisted his hands on top of his desk as he concentrated on willing his erection to subside.
"It doesn't matter how long it's been," he said to himself. The roughness of his voice dismayed him. He cleared his throat and tried again. "You're not a man who can have it all. No one would give up that much for you."
That's what Jonathan had claimed when they parted and that's what Maxmillian firmly believed. He demanded too much and he gave back too little. No one in their right mind would put up with that.
Not to mention no one except Jonathan knew that he was gay.
After a minute of controlled breathing, his flesh was quiescent again. A fluke, that's all the reaction had been. It certainly wasn't a weakness. Maxmillian Poole was a man in control, and hell would freeze over before he lost it over one blond-haired man from Indiana.

~~~~~

It was the last day of the convention and for Ethan it couldn't go by fast enough. He was through with Las Vegas. What had started out as an exciting adventure had turned into an ugly and humiliating affair. He was ready to go back to Indiana, ready to go back to school and concentrate on what mattered most to him: earning his place in the FBI.
Last night after drinks with Giuliani Faretti, Ethan had returned to the Mirage in the Desert and found the room empty. He hadn't been disappointed. He'd taken advantage of the solitude to have a vigorous masturbation session in the shower. It was his last hurrah, his last fantasy of a sexy hook-up in Sin City. Afterwards, he'd climbed in to bed feeling sick with the reality of the last few days. He'd come here a hick and been used like one. He had no one to blame but himself.
But this was the last day. He had only four more hours before ISC was officially over and he could leave the city. He glanced at the new Seiko watch he'd bought special for this trip and sighed. Another forty-five minutes until the next break. Too long.
"Hey, Larry," he whispered, leaning forward past where Bob was sitting. "I'm going to run to the restroom and stretch my legs a little. I'll be back in ten minutes."
Larry nodded. Bob continued to snore. Ethan quietly slipped out of the room and into the hall.
He'd learned a lot at ISC. That part he didn't regret. Everything he'd learned in the seminars could only help him in future work. He'd even made a few potential contacts, one an ex-federal agent and the other a detective from Virginia who promised he had some insider information about Quantico that might be of use to Ethan when he finally applied. Remembering the positives about this trip made his step a little lighter as he entered the restroom.
Too bad Maxmillian Poole had to be waiting inside for him.
Ethan paused just inside the door when he saw the familiar profile of the other man standing at the urinals. Every voice inside his head screamed at him to turn around and find another restroom. His dick, however, had more influence with his feet, and soon Ethan was walking cautiously to the line of urinals.
He stopped at one which was three down from the other man. He opened his belt and pants. As casually as he could he pulled out his cock and aimed it forward, all the while pretending to be unaware of who shared the restroom with him. But his eyes snuck to the side, unable to help a quick peek. Poole was holding himself in an identical pose, but his cock—oh, god, his cock definitely wasn't identical to Ethan's. It was almost mocha colored, extremely thick, with a fat helmet that made the whole thing look like an arrow. Ethan's hole twitched as he imagined what it would feel like to be plowed by that thing. Why couldn't Poole have been gay? he thought mournfully, glancing at the other man's face.
Poole stared back at him.
Ethan gasped. Being caught looking at another guy at the urinal could be grounds for a beating. It was worse when his body betrayed him. His cock jumped as if it had been struck by lightning. Blushing, Ethan mentally cursed his cock and tried to picture unsexy images, but Poole continued to stare and Ethan didn't stand a chance—his cock began to thicken and rise in greeting.
"Mr. Winter," Poole drawled.
Ethan's cock jumped again. It was like holding a hairless squirrel. Red-faced, he nodded acknowledgement. "M-Mr. Poole."
"While these aren't the circumstances I'd hoped for I'm glad to have the chance to apologize for what I said to you yesterday."
Ethan blinked. Was he dreaming this conversation or was Maxmillian Poole actually apologizing to him at a urinal?
"Jonathan Wilder has certain issues with me which he feels he must address by proxy," Poole continued blandly as if he weren't holding his cock and Ethan weren't staring at him with an erection hard enough to hammer a nail through concrete. "I regret that you were drawn into his games and I apologize for believing you had participated with full cognizance of the situation."
Ethan stared, his mind too focused on the twitching of his cock to be able to decipher what Poole had just said. "Uh—"
For the first time, Poole's eyes flicked downward, taking in the state of Ethan's cock. Ethan tensed, knowing now was when the shit would hit the fan.
Poole looked up and his lips twitched. "I personally find it rather difficult to urinate while maintaining an erection. Don't you?"
Was that... a joke? Ethan hardly dared to believe it. He licked his lips nervously, afraid to say the wrong thing.
"I'm not having much luck," he admitted, laughing nervously. He waved his free hand awkwardly at his erection. "Sorry 'bout that. I don't know where it came—"
"You were looking at my cock," Poole cut him off. "That's when you became aroused."
Blood rushed to Ethan's already overheated face. "No, really, I—"
"Mr. Winter," Poole cut him off again. The dark-haired man hesitated for a moment. Then his brow cleared and he looked directly into Ethan's eyes with a strange intensity. "You're not the first man who has found the sight of my cock arousing," he said in a low voice that didn't carry beyond the two of them.
Ethan's cock grew even harder. It pulsed within his hand. "I'm sorry," he whispered.
Sapphire eyes glanced again at Ethan's erection, taking in its tumescent state. "You have an attractive organ, Mr. Winter. You should be more discriminating when it comes to who you share it with."
Ethan didn't know why but he found himself nodding. He felt caught under a spell, Poole's calm discussion of Ethan's arousal putting him into a sexual trance.
Another pause from Poole. Then: "Stroke it for me."
Ethan's mouth fell open. "What?" 
Uncertainty softened Poole's face for half a second and then disappeared, replaced with near arrogance. "You heard me."
Ethan realized he'd begun squeezing himself and quickly stopped. "I heard you, but—" he faltered, "—here?"
Poole's gaze hardened. "No one is forcing you, Mr. Winter. The choice is yours whether to obey me or not."
The word 'obey' may as well have been a whip cracking across Ethan's shoulders. He closed his eyes and shuddered.
"How very revealing," he heard Poole murmur softly. "Tell me, Mr. Winter—which part of what I said garnered that particular reaction from you?"
"Don't—" Ethan gasped, his eyes shooting open and imploring the other man. "Don't do this."
But Poole blithely ignored him, continuing in his deep, cultured voice. "Which part did you respond to? The suggestion of being forced? The choice of obeying?" Poole's eyes darkened. "Or perhaps the combination of the two? Are you one of those men, Mr. Winter?"
The throbbing in Ethan's cock was unbearable. He began to stroke it, moaning softly as he did so, acutely aware of Maxmillian Poole watching him do it.
"I don't—I don't know what you mean," Ethan panted, groaning and spreading his legs slightly as his hips began to match the rhythm of his hand. His cock slid easily through his fist now, the way slicked by precum. Each time his fingers rubbed over the tip of his cock his breath caught.
"They're called submissives, Mr. Winter. They enjoy—they need—to be told what to do. Just like Jonathan Wilder told you what to do." Poole paused. "Ah, yes. It's all very clear to me now in hindsight."
"Everyone's a... Monday morning... quarterback," Ethan said weakly.
"Have you ever had a Master?"
One little question, but what it implied was explosive. Ethan tried to stop himself but it was no use. He let out a deep, desperate moan and came all over the urinal in front of him. The pleasure that swept through him was magnified with the knowledge that Poole was watching every twitch and shiver that wracked him.
Eventually the convulsions tapered off and reason returned. Panting, sweating, red-faced and mortified, Ethan couldn't look up as Poole zipped himself up and flushed.
He heard the man wash his hands at the sink. He could feel blue eyes burning into him from the mirror's reflection.
"It's debatable whether it’s a good thing that the convention is over and you're leaving my city, Mr. Winter." Poole's voice held a faint raspy quality that made Ethan shiver. "Because if you lived here, I would own you."
Then he walked out of the restroom, his promise echoing in Ethan's ears.  





4


Max pulled his right ankle across his left knee and drummed his fingers impatiently against the arm rest of the chair he sat upon while he watched James run the antenna of the Non Linear Junction Detector over the furniture in the Presidential Suite of the J.W. Marriott. Though he trusted the agent to do the job correctly—especially with equipment as trustworthy as the NLJD—Maxmillian preferred watching the handsome African-American man over returning the hungry gaze of their client, Jennalyn Dubois. Miss Dubois was not French as far as Maxmillian knew but Max had learned as a child not to interrupt other peoples' delusions of grandeur. And considering Miss Dubois was paying nearly five thousand dollars for this service, Maxmillian could afford to humor her.
"You ever do the work yourself, Mr. Poole?" Miss Dubois posed beside the large window overlooking Angel Park Golf Course, the early afternoon sunlight bathing her ample—and expensive—bosom and her equally expensive platinum blonde dye job. "For the kind of money I'm paying I almost expect the job to be done by a naked hunk."
James looked up, startled by the comment, but a pointed look from Maxmillian prompted him to quickly return to work.
"Perhaps you misunderstood, Miss Dubois. You haven't hired a pool boy." Maxmillian smiled thinly at her. "You've hired us to secure your privacy and as valuable as that is, it does come at a premium if you want it done correctly."
She smiled back with a perfect cosmetic grin. "I do want it done correctly. Which is why I thought you'd be doing the work. I only want the best, Mr. Poole. May I call you Max?"
"You may call me Maxmillian."
She laughed and flipped back her hair. It was nearly white, or looked that way when lying against the dark, tanned skin of her cleavage. Miss Dubois was a beautiful woman, but clearly an adult film star. Maxmillian had become inured to their charms. Living in Vegas did that to a person.
"Maxmillian, then." Her lips pursed into a thoughtful moue as she studied him. "You're the first Maxmillian I've ever met. It's such a powerful name. It suits you in the best of ways." Her voice dropped. "I've never been a woman to resist a strong man. If you weren't so scrupulous you could take advantage of me."
The desk chair tipped over with a loud thud, drawing attention to James who cleared his throat, embarrassed, before righting the chair and adjusting his head phones. Maxmillian sent him an amused glance. James possessed a quiet, introverted personality which normally made him somewhat of a wallflower. But after having been cheated on by his fiancée, the handsome agent was beginning to explore the single life with a little more exuberance. Maxmillian wondered if Miss Dubois had any interest in darker-skinned men. Returning her bold stare, he would assume the answer was yes. A client-agent match made in heaven, perhaps.
"Fortunately for us both," Maxmillian replied smoothly, his smile softening any edges, "I wouldn't presume to offer you anything but the most professional and ethical of services, Miss Dubois. As one professional to another, I'm sure you understand how important a reputation is."
She smirked, and Maxmillian appreciated the intelligence in her verdant eyes. Jennalyn Dubois hadn't become an extremely rich woman and owner of her own adult films production company at the age of twenty-six by letting other people call the shots.
"Reputation is everything," she agreed. "And yours is why I hired you. The last time I was in Vegas one of the housekeeping staff was bribed to set up a video camera in the alarm clock of my bedroom. Now, I'm not a shy girl, but if someone's going to be taping me I insist on getting a cut."
Max inclined his head in acknowledgement. "As expected of a savvy businessperson. I promise you that James will ensure no electronic devices of any questionable nature exist within your suite. No one will be profiting off of your visit without your consent, Miss Dubois."
"My consent is valuable." She brushed her fingers idly across her breasts. "I grant it sparingly, but I do grant it when the moment feels... right."
Jennalyn Dubois had what many men considered the perfect body. Heart-shaped buttocks, a tiny waist and breasts that were obviously enhanced but not excessively so gave her a female figure that earned her a generous income. Cosmetic surgery had also perfected what few flaws had existed on her face, leaving behind what was surely the true epitome of beauty to most people. 
Maxmillian wasn't a eunuch. He recognized Miss Dubois' charms and understood they could be shared with him if he but gave the slightest hint that he was interested.
However, he was not interested. Not in a woman and not in sex at all, though lately he'd had to remind himself of the latter more frequently than he preferred. He found his eyes settling on Miss Dubois' green ones and remembering a set of a slightly darker hued orbs the color of seaweed. A scowl tried to force its way onto his face as he realized he was remembering a certain blond from Indiana. Not again.
He stood. "I apologize for my abruptness, Miss Dubois, but I just remembered I have a phone conference scheduled within a few minutes. If you'll excuse me, I'll leave you in James' capable hands." To the agent he said, "James, call the office when you're finished and the car will be sent back to you."
"Yes, sir, Mr. Poole." James gave him a quizzical look but didn't say anything further.
"I didn't scare you off, did I?" Miss Dubois asked quietly as she walked Maxmillian to the door of the suite. "I sometimes forget that the bluntness in my industry doesn't always translate well to other areas of life."
"Absolutely not," Max assured her, taking her hand and bringing it to his lips. He held her gaze. She truly was stunning to look at. "Business calls. I know you understand."
She sighed a little, but gave a resigned smile. "Business before pleasure, Maxmillian. I may be a porn star but I understand that much."
He smirked and let himself out of the suite. As he rode the brass-walled elevator to the bottom floor, he considered Miss Dubois and measured the pros and cons of becoming involved with her. A relationship was out of the question, but would it be advantageous to escort her to an event or two? Publicity of that sort wasn't scandalous in Las Vegas; being seen with one of the most powerful women in the adult film business, a significant source of revenue in the city, would only garner him more business.
The downside, however, would come the moment she pressed for more from the arrangement. Maxmillian had no intention of sharing the details of his homosexuality with anyone. As much as Miss Dubois valued her privacy, Max hoarded his even more fiercely. No, his arrangement with her would need to be purely professional and stated upfront—perhaps in writing—to prevent any unwelcome questions or situations.
Pleased with the possibility, he exited the Marriott and climbed into the waiting Elite Poole limousine.
"Dominic, please take me back to the office," he told the driver. "You'll remain on call for James."
"Yes, Mr. Poole."
As the vehicle pulled out of the valet, Maxmillian consulted his phone for his schedule. He had a handful of meetings with prospective clients planned for later in the afternoon but nothing of particular interest. Business for the Elite Poole had been steadily climbing since he'd taken over the business from his Uncle Edgar but not at the rate Maxmillian would have liked. 
The Elite Poole wasn't the largest security firm in the city but it catered to the wealthiest and most visible visitors. Success was dependent upon keeping clients safe and keeping them happy. The safety issue could be handled by carefully screening new employees and hiring those with extensive security or military backgrounds. The happiness factor... that was determined by something considerably less professional. Though he loathed any comparison to the sex trade industry, Max was forced to acknowledge that a part of his business entailed matching clients with agents who would appeal to their sense of aesthetics. It meant he was constantly on the lookout for attractive men and women who fit certain physical 'types'. Such as a blond All-American.
Reluctantly, his mind was drawn to Ethan Winter. Giuliani’s observation that the young blond would make an excellent addition to the Elite Poole was correct. In fact, Maxmillian had run a background check on the man, his own curiosity too strong to resist. Winter attended a community college while working for a two-bit security agency and modeling on the side. 
All the factors were in place. Ethan Winter had the looks, charisma and attitude to make him a perfect agent. He also had that something extra.
Every man and woman Maxmillian hired had to project confidence to the people whom they were protecting, yet at the same time they must be willing to defer to everything Maxmillian ordered. It was a case of personality extremes, yet he'd been able to find nearly twenty agents to fit the bill. And Ethan Winter—he just might be perfect.
Maxmillian settled deeper into the plush leather seat of the limousine and allowed himself a rare indulgence. He closed his eyes and imagined himself back in the restroom of the Venetian ballrooms. As if he'd stepped back in time he could see everything with crystal clarity: the look of startled arousal in Ethan's eyes beneath his fringe of golden blond hair, the blood fleeing from the point where his teeth bit into his bottom lip, the tremor in his shoulders. He could hear the other man's panting breaths and the slick sounds as he stroked himself in response to Maxmillian's words.
"So easy," Max whispered to himself, his lips curling with satisfaction. He knew that if he'd wanted, he could have had sex with Ethan Winter right there in the restroom. He could have made the blond do anything he wanted, just like he used to make—
His eyelids lifted and his smile faded. The last time he'd had sex was with Jonathan Wilder. Mere thought of the man made Max's cock wilt and a muted anger simmer beneath his skin.
He frowned and began checking his emails. He had no room in his life for sex with Ethan Winter or Jennalyn Dubois or anyone else. He had work to do. He was building an empire, and nothing as inconsequential as sex would get in the way of that ambition.

~~~~~

Ethan considered himself something of a connoisseur of hamburgers. The one he was currently holding—stacked with bacon, guacamole, and Swiss—was one of the best he'd had. Of course, his opinion might have been tainted by the fact he hadn't eaten since breakfast and it was now past dinner. His stomach was growling even as he bit into the delicious-looking burger. Next time he did surveillance he'd have to remember to bring along some crackers to tide him over.
Movement across the street at the Motel 6 made him groan and hastily set the burger on the passenger seat. He quickly picked up Larry's old Nikon—on loan for a security deposit of a hundred and fifty dollars—and peered through the telephoto lens at the door of room 26. A pair of teenagers walked past the room and entered room 28. By the armloads of grocery bags they carried, a party was about to be launched. Room 26 was still quiet, light shining around the edges of the curtains drawn over the windows.
Torn between relief over being able to return to his dinner and disappointment that this assignment was turning out to be a bore, Ethan set aside the camera and resumed eating. While he'd never labored under the illusion that being an investigator involved dangerous cloak and dagger work, the reality of working for Winnaker Security was still pretty disappointing. Ethan was grateful for the job of course, since it would look good on his FBI application, but he wished it involved more than a lot of sitting around and photographing people from distances.
As he munched away, he couldn't help thinking back to two weeks ago when he'd been rubbing shoulders with real security professionals at ISC. What kinds of work did they do? By their expensive suits and shoes he doubted they did grunt work like this. Many people at the conference had been armed, which meant they worked in environments that presented at least a little bit of danger.
Had Maxmillian Poole been armed?
Ethan stopped chewing for a moment as a shiver of sexual awareness traveled through his body. The black-haired owner of the Elite Poole had starred in quite a few of Ethan's masturbation fantasies since his return to Indiana. Hundreds of miles hadn't done anything to dissipate the man's hold over him.
It had taken the better part of the flight home for him to accept that what had occurred between them hadn't been a figment of his lustful imagination. Maxmillian Poole was gay! Or at least, he was open-minded enough to enjoy sexually dominating another man. That was good enough for Ethan's fantasies. He'd dreamed of Poole fucking him, spanking him, tying him up in every position imaginable—all because, Ethan was sure, the man hadn't laid a finger on him.
Whether intentionally or not, Maxmillian Poole knew how to make a person become obsessed with him.
Ethan lowered the half-eaten burger to the passenger seat as he mentally returned to the restroom with Poole. Only this time Poole was holding a gun as he ordered Ethan to his knees to take care of the other man's large erection. Ethan groaned softly, the back of his neck tingling as he pretended the muzzle of the gun was stroked back and forth through his hair as he molded his mouth around Poole's thick cock.
"If you lived here, I would own you."
Ethan shoved a hand into his lap and squeezed his firming cock. He was glad he lived in Indiana and not in Vegas. The fantasy of Maxmillian Poole had consumed his dreams and much of his waking hours. If ever there was a man capable of controlling him and making him love it—no, crave it—it was Poole. Yet that was a dangerous thing. Ethan had a future planned out that didn't include becoming the sexual plaything of another man.
"But I can dream," he moaned softly as his head fell back against the headrest. He unzipped his pants and reached inside to take hold of himself. He glanced again at the Motel 6 and found it as quiet and uninteresting as the previous nine hours. 
He stroked himself slowly, drawing out the pleasure. Poole would want him to take his time and prove his control. He would test Ethan. If he played with his balls he couldn't gasp. Good. And if he slicked his finger with precum and slid his finger under his scrotum like that—
"Mmm," he sighed, spreading his legs as he rubbed the tender skin between his balls and hole.
How tight are you, Mr. Winter? Do you possess a hole worth penetrating?
Ethan laughed a little but the sound trailed off as he teased the pucker of wrinkled skin with the tip of his finger. His lashes lowered as he pressed rhythmically against the bud. The ache was building in his lower belly, that restless need to be taken making him roll his head on the headrest. He loved to be fucked. He loved being held down, smothered and surrounded.
I would own you.
Oh, yes.
He felt his hole loosening, inviting his finger inside. He bit his lip, holding out, pretending it was Maxmillian Poole's finger pushing against him. Maybe they'd be staring at each other in the mirror over the bathroom sink, Poole's blue eyes boring into his green ones. Ethan shivered. He liked it when a man stared him down. It made him feel so weak...
He slid his finger inside and his hole clenched hard around it. His thighs clamped tight against his hand. A crook of his finger had him arching off the seat.
"Please," he gasped, no longer in a car parked on a street but in the restroom of the Venetian, bent over a sink while Maxmillian Poole pressed inside him. "Fuck me hard."
He jammed his finger in as far as he could with the awkward angle. It wasn't enough but that was part of the turn-on. Deliberately frustrating himself, he began to finger-fuck himself with shallow thrusts while he curled the fingers of his other hand very loosely around his rigid cock. It was torture to push into a grip that wasn't firm enough and to thrust down on something that was too short and thin to satisfy. His fingers brushed over the length of his cock just enough to stimulate every single nerve-ending, yet leave him yearning for more.
His mouth fell open, his tongue lashing his bottom lip as desperation grew. He began to writhe in his seat, straining after a release that he was deliberately withholding from himself. Sweat gathered on his brow. He hunched forward, trying to mimic his imagined position over the sink. His forehead bumped the top of the steering wheel as he humped his hand.
"If you lived here, I would own you."
"I can't," Ethan gasped miserably. "I won't... I need—” the FBI "— Max!"
Arrogant blue eyes flash through his memory and Ethan lost it. He thrust his finger in up to the knuckles, shivering as his ass clamped down on the digit. He gasped loudly as he spurted liquid heat over his fingers. 
He heard a car door slam across the street and an engine starting up. Dreading what he would see, he opened his eyes in time to see the car parked in front of room 26 pull onto the street and drive away. The lights were now off in the room.
"Damn it," he groaned, dropping his forehead to the steering wheel. Larry was going to have his ass for this. But worse than that he'd just set himself up for another day of surveillance of his client's cheating boyfriend.
He took a moment to regain his breath and then cleaned himself up with some napkins. Ravenous now, he scarfed down the rest of the burger and then started up the car. He didn't know where his quarry had gone so all he could do he was head home for the night.
He lived in an inexpensive but fairly nice apartment nowhere close to the happening parts of downtown. He'd had a roommate when he first moved in but Brad hadn't been too comfortable with the 'dates' Ethan occasionally brought home and had moved out. It allowed Ethan to convert the second bedroom into an office where he could prepare for his application to the Bureau.
Taped to the walls of the office were charts recording his progress on the standard physical fitness tests. Also pinned up were photographs of random scenes around town: the interior of a busy coffee shop, the entrance of a mall, a local flea market. He used these to practice for the memory test in which he'd be required to study a scene for a limited time and then recall the position of every object he'd seen. There was a desk where he could take the timed tests and also a few hand exercise gadgets to build up strength for trigger tests. He even had a video recorder set up so he could interview himself and review how he performed.
He wasn't interested in this room however. He headed for the answering machine—Brad's leftover—which sat in the living room. Its light currently blinked, informing him he had one message.
"Hola, Ethan, this is Marco."
The husky, faintly accented voice of his model friend made Ethan unconsciously drop a hand to his groin and absently rub himself.
"My agent booked me on an earlier flight. I will be flying in on the tenth at eleven fifteen PM. I hope you will be able to meet me. I will be on layover for two hours, forty-eight minutes. I wish to see you."
"Shit," Ethan muttered. Marco was flying in tonight! He checked his watch and listened to the rest of the message for the other man's flight info. After a quick dash to the bathroom to wash his hands and groin, he ran back out to his car and raced to the airport.

~~~~~

Thursday morning, Maxmillian Poole had nothing to do but paperwork. That in itself didn't bother him since paperwork meant agents were working and working meant income was being generated. But an unusual dissatisfaction left him unable to concentrate on the reports in front of him. Even the suggestive note Jennalyn Dubois had added along with her check failed to wring a smile from him, much less an arch of an eyebrow.
Maxmillian, to put it succinctly, was bored.
He swung his chair around and contemplated the large, somber portrait of his mother and father which hung on the wall behind his desk. The art was a remnant of his Uncle Edgar's reign over the Elite Poole. Maxmillian wouldn't have chosen such personal art for a professional setting, yet he couldn't bring himself to take it down. He preferred to believe he owned nothing better to take its place, but the truth might be less comfortable than that.
He let his head roll back against the high back of his chair as his eyes roamed over the haughty, strongly carved features of his father, Philip. Peering up into the older man's steady blue gaze, Maxmillian felt himself involuntarily sitting straighter in his chair. Philip was a good man but not the warmest. His relationship with Maxmillian had been typical of upper crust British: Max had been shuttled off to boarding school as soon as he'd been old enough, and family visits thereafter had been formal at best.
His eyes drifted to his mother, Marcela. Her Spanish beauty was responsible for his dark hair and skin but he didn't feel any stronger connection to the woman who had borne him. Max's earliest memories were of his nanny, not of his mother, and though he reminded himself that he was a grown man and it didn't matter anymore, deep inside he felt the loss.
His parents had yet to visit the States even though their only son had settled here long ago and suggested in phone conversations that their presence would not be unwelcome. Maxmillian would never outright ask them to come, but he couldn't deny the wish that they could witness first hand his success in Las Vegas. Since bragging would be too gauche, Maxmillian had no other way to prove to his parents that he had, in fact, become a man worthy of their respect. Unless they saw it for themselves he was convinced they would never believe it.
He scowled. He didn't appreciate weakness in himself. He'd worked hard to be the best in every facet of his life. He was aware though, that he had a tremendous Achilles heel when it came to his parents. What kind of success would he need to achieve to eliminate this need for parental approval? Was it as simple as a friend had once joked, that he needed to marry and father the Poole heir?
He abruptly spun his chair around and began straightening papers. Inwardly, he cursed. Brooding over his parents was a waste of valuable time. 
At the earliest opportunity he would redecorate.
Sorting the papers into a folder, he carried it with him out of his office. The walk down the hall of the Elite Poole offices allowed him to observe his agents through their glass-walled offices. He'd never once considered a personal relationship with any of his employees but he allowed himself to view them for the first time as something other than assets to manage.
All of them were attractive to the point they could be models. And not a single one of them stirred him. Perhaps that was the reason he had hired them: to deliberately avoid temptation.
The idea made him mentally scoff though. He was not a man who was a slave to his passions. He prided himself on his willpower and mental control. If he chose not to see a person in a sexual sense he didn't. Protecting himself by hiring agents who weren't his 'type' was unnecessary and certainly something he hadn't done consciously.
But it bothered him that the concept had touched the surface of his mind at all. Ever since his encounter with Ethan Winter, Maxmillian had been thinking of sex more often than he had in the years previous.
He didn't like it.
He had Dominic drive him to his condo at Radcliffe Place at the northern end of the Strip. Max had spent an exorbitant amount on his corner unit but it was an indulgence he considered well worth the large mortgage. He entered the air-conditioned unit and strode directly to the large windows overlooking the balcony and the Strip. The casinos weren't lit this early in the morning but the view was still impressive. He briefly wondered how many of his employees had ever seen the city from this height. He himself had never invited any of them into his private domain. His fingers touched the glass and he sighed.
Disturbed by the direction of his thoughts, he left the window and began stripping en route to the bedroom. He changed into designer brand workout shorts, a T-shirt and sneakers and grabbed a hand towel on his way to his private gym.
There was a well-equipped gym provided for members of the complex but Maxmillian preferred not to share machines which had been sweated on by strangers. Today he followed his upper body routine, using the fly, press, and pull-down machines before switching to free weights. The walls of the room were covered with floor to ceiling mirrors, allowing him to monitor his form and track his progress. He took great pride in the condition and health of his body. It was somewhat of a shame that no one would ever see the results of his regimen but he quickly shook off the thought.
He forced himself through extra sets, savoring the burn in his muscles and the sweat which broke out across his skin. He stared at himself in the mirror, watching himself huff and puff through the workout. Then he snarled as his cock started to lift against the fabric of his shorts. He immediately set down the weights and glared at the uncalled for erection.
"Unacceptable," he growled. He snapped the towel off the workout bench and slung it across his shoulders. "This ends now."
He strode back into the living room and picked up the phone, his fingers swiftly dialing information. "The number for the Fashion Show Mall, please." Maxmillian shook his head in disgust. "Eric Bauman, Director of Special Events."
Maxmillian Poole did not brook distractions. Therefore this particular one would be eliminated.

~~~~~

Ethan groaned against the carpet of his apartment. The fibers stuck to his damp cheek as Marco's foot on the back of his neck kept him pinned to the floor.
"Will you cry out for me?" Marco purred.
smack!
Ethan yelped and clutched the carpet as his left ass cheek bloomed with warmth.
"Louder," Marco warned.
smack! smack! smack!
"Oh, god!" Ethan groaned, grabbing his cock and furiously pulling on it. "Please, Marco..."
"Puto," Marco accused. Ethan could barely see him from the corner of his eye but what he did see made his cock swell. Marco's dark, naked body towered over him like a conquering warrior. Even if Ethan wanted, he couldn't stand up with the other man's foot pinning him. Thrilled, he shut his eyes and wiggled his ass, trying to draw attention to it.
smack! smack!
The pain was delicious, singing through his body. Adrenaline coursed through his veins, pushing him to another mind space. He nearly protested when the foot lifted from his neck, wanting more, but Marco dropped to his knees behind him and roughly kneaded and squeezed his flaming cheeks. Ethan moaned with pleasure instead.
"Puto," Marco repeated, his voice softer and husky with desire as he viciously pinched Ethan's right cheek.
The pain made Ethan claw the carpet. He was glad he was already well-lubed because by the urgent prodding of Marco's condom-covered cock, the Brazilian model wasn't going to help him out with any stretching. Ethan forced himself to breathe deeply, trying to relax himself as the other man began to push into him.
smack!
He instinctively tensed and Marco took that opportunity to thrust forward, piercing him. His body parted reluctantly around the long, hard cylinder, muscles straining and protesting the invasion, making Ethan grit his teeth.
"G-god!" he choked out.
"No, only me," Marco panted, smug.
Ethan's retort was lost in a low groan as the other man began to use him with long, deep strokes.
Marco was supposed to have been in the city for a two hour and forty-eight minute layover. But he'd become so enamored of Ethan's ass that he'd rebooked his flight for the next day. All night he'd fucked Ethan throughout the apartment, christening every surface long after Ethan had begged for a respite from the vigorous sex. Marco's flight was at two PM today and Ethan couldn't believe he was counting down the minutes until the other man left. As much as he was enjoying it, his ass was aching.
ring!
Ethan opened his eyes. "Marco," he gasped. "I gotta get the phone. It could be my work."
In fact, it probably was Larry since Ethan hadn't reported in on his failure from the previous night.
"Later," Marco ordered, bending over Ethan's back so he could thrust deeper.
ring!
"Marco!" Ethan pushed himself up to hands and knees, grunting with dismay when the other man immediately wrapped his arms around his torso. "I need to answer that, Marco."
"You will answer when I'm done filling you."
ring!
"Shit." Ethan braced himself against Marco's thrusts as he listened to his own voice play over the answering machine. He strained to hear the message above Marco's grunts in his ear.
"Ethan, this is Derrin Wilcox." Ethan stiffened at the sound of his modeling agent's voice. "I've got a show that's opened up in Las Vegas this weekend. Big exposure and big money. I've already told them you'll be there, so start packing. Call me when you get this."
Ethan gaped. Las Vegas!
"Ahhh!" Marco collapsed atop Ethan's back, his body twitching as he reached orgasm.
Though he was still hard, for the first time in his life Ethan didn't care about getting off. He was too stunned. He was returning to Vegas.
I can see Maxmillian Poole again. His eyes widened.
"Marco," he announced, shrugging off the other man, "you've fucked me for the last time. Grab your stuff. I'm taking you to the airport."





5


Ethan grimaced when he stepped out of McCarran International Airport and hot air blasted his cheeks and tried to cook his eyeballs. This time instead of standing on the sidewalk and gaping at the heat he strode quickly to the taxi line.
"Where to, sir?" asked the bored taxi stand attendant as he opened the door on the nearest vehicle for Ethan.
"The Bellagio," Ethan told him, half-expecting the man to do a double-take. The man didn't blink, relaying the info to the taxi driver before shutting the door after Ethan.
"Bellagio, got it," the taxi driver said, and started up the meter and pulled into traffic.
Ethan relaxed back against the seat, relieved for the air conditioning. Yes, this time he was staying in the Bellagio. Larry and Bob had nearly had fits when they'd heard the news.
"But isn't that the big, fancy hotel?" Bob had sputtered, spreading his arms to the ceiling and floor for emphasis. "The one with the lake and dancing water spouts?"
Ethan nodded. "It's being paid for by the event planner who's putting on the show. Otherwise I'd probably be back in the Mirage in the Desert."
"Wasn't such a bad place," Larry grumbled. He rubbed his chin thoughtfully as he looked Ethan over. "I feel like I oughta say you can't go on accounta you not checking in with the Bailey surveillance, but—" he added, raising a hand to stop Ethan's interruption, "— I know you could use the money, kid. And maybe this return trip can wash that bad taste out of your mouth that the last trip to Vegas left you with."
In the taxi cab, Ethan's cheeks heated. He hadn't realized the other guys had noticed his preoccupation on the flight home. They'd thought he'd been upset. That might have been true if the encounter in the restroom with Poole hadn't occurred. Ethan's true unease during the flight had been with letting his boss and co-worker see how turned-on he was.
Still, he'd taken advantage of Larry's misconception and gotten the man to approve his leave of absence for this show. It was only two days anyway. The show was tonight and he flew out early tomorrow evening. 
His cell phone began to ring as they pulled onto Las Vegas Boulevard. He checked the caller ID and saw the number for his agent.
"I'm here," Ethan answered, grinning. "I feel a little shell-shocked this happened so fast."
"Hey, don't look a gift horse in the mouth," Derrin laughed. "You got a sweet deal out of this so enjoy it."
"Yeah, about that: could you explain better what happened? Am I a last-minute replacement for someone? I'm surprised they couldn't find someone local. This city is filled with models."
"Well, yes, you're last-minute, but I'm really not supposed to say anything, Ethan."
Ethan blinked, surprised. The Statue of Liberty passed by his left window. "You're not supposed to say anything? What does that mean?"
Derrin sighed. Ethan could picture the curly-haired man pacing in front of the window that overlooked the courtyard of his business complex. "I received a call yesterday that a show was being held for a charity event in Vegas and they needed a blond male who was comfortable with runway work. I immediately thought of you and Shawn, and this will sound weird, but so did this caller. He requested a model of your exact height, weight, hair and eye color. He even mentioned Indiana."
"Who was this guy who called you?"
"Eric Bauman, the Director of Special Events for the Fashion Show Mall. I've dealt with him before so I know he's above board. But he's never been this specific before about who he wanted. He usually just tells me the type of show and whether he wants brunettes, red-heads or whatever. This time though, he described you down to a T. When I hesitated out of pure surprise, he quickly offered to pay for your flight and put you up at the Bellagio. I probably should have played that better and gotten us both free vacations," Derrin joked. "But get this, he asked me not to tell you that he'd requested you. A little strange, don't you think? Do you know anyone in Vegas who'd want to see you in a show without you knowing they wanted you?"
Ethan drummed his fingers on his knee. "I know a couple of people but—I don't know if either of them would go this far for my company." Derrin laughed, but Ethan could only smile uneasily. He couldn't help wondering if this was a trap set by Jonathan Wilder. The man had been livid when he'd been dragged off by hotel security. Ethan couldn't be high on the man's popularity list. "You said this show is in a mall? We're not talking Sears clothing, are we?"
"Would I do that to you? Trust me to take care of my clients, Ethan. You're doing a show in the Fashion Show Mall. It's called that because it was designed to hold actual runway shows every weekend. There are runways built throughout the place. The mall itself is an upscale one: Saks Fifth Avenue, Neiman Marcus, Bloomingdales, etcetera. As I understand it this show is a local designer's collection. They're raising funds for a new pediatrics ward at one of the hospitals. You don't need to worry that it's something sleazy. It'll be a good addition to your portfolio and I'm actually counting on you picking up some interest from the audience in attendance. All the movers and shakers will be in that crowd. It's VIP only."
Ethan felt only marginally better. Wilder or Poole could easily be in attendance and be responsible for bringing him here. Or am I totally full of myself? he wondered with a rueful shake of the head.
"Have I put your fears to rest?" Derrin asked him. "I honestly think this is a legit job and you're fortunate to get it, Ethan. Just enjoy it. Pretend you can afford it all. Ha ha!"
Ethan grinned. "Okay, you're right. I'll try to enjoy myself."
"That's the spirit. Are you at your hotel yet?"
"A couple of blocks away."
"Check in and unpack as quickly as possible. There's a final rehearsal and fitting in two hours at the mall. The show's an hour later. Just check in with the organizer, Todd. He knows you're coming in today."
"Okay. Thanks again for this, Derrin. It's good to be back in this city."
"Lucky bastard," Derrin teased and hung up.
Ethan put the phone away and smiled as he gazed out at the darkening twilight sky. He decided he would enjoy this for as long as he could. If Wilder turned out to be behind this… he would deal with the man then.

~~~~~

Two and a half hours later Ethan stood patiently as a hair stylist plucked and teased his hair. He was backstage at the Fall Fling show, dressed in gray dress pants and a silver-blue long-sleeved shirt with a white tie. A double breasted gray suit coat covered his shoulders. The room was loud and crowded with models and stylists. One wall of the room was lined with rolling racks full of outfits labeled by the models who would wear them. The other wall was taken up by makeup counters, mirrors and chairs for applying makeup and fixing hair. Most of the models were women, with four other men besides Ethan. His makeup was low-key which he appreciated since it meant less removal time. He sympathized with the women who wore heavy white pancake makeup around their eyes and had been fitted with paper mache antlers in their hair.
A hand casually brushed over his ass, drawing his attention.
"The boys and I are headed to RA for sushi after the show," murmured a model who went by the name Moda. He was tall and willowy with pale hair and blue eyes. His cheekbones were extraordinarily sharp in his boyish face. He flashed his eyes quickly up and down Ethan. "You're invited to come with."
Moda was attractive but a little too fem for Ethan's tastes. The other men were pretty too, and most were blond. Still, though they might not be his type that didn't mean he couldn't hang out with them. A group of models always attracted attention, including the tall, dark men that he preferred.
"Thanks, I'll try to make it," he replied. "I've never tried sushi."
"None of us are fond of fish but we make the occasional exception," Moda drawled, rolling his eyes.
Ethan smiled politely. "Just let me know what time you guys head out and I'll do my best to join you."
Moda gave him another blatant once-over before sucking in his cheeks. "Mmm, make sure you do."
Ethan sighed as he watched the other man saunter away. Definitely not his type.
"Line up!" barked the show's feeder, the man who would dictate the pace of the show.
Ethan quickly took his place in the long line of models waiting to step onto the runway. The music thumping outside in the mall grew louder. On the television screens beside the doorway he could see the runway and the large audience of VIPs and photographers who formed a U around it. The designer of the line was currently on stage, introducing his work.
Ethan's heart pounded and adrenaline raced through his veins. It was amazing how excited one could get over walking twenty-five feet and back, he marveled. He would miss this when he joined the Bureau, but of course a law enforcement job would supply its own share of thrills.
"Here we go, girls!" the feeder called out. They all watched on the screen as the designer left the stage. The music changed tempo until a distinctive, easily matched beat shook the floor. Then the first model was sent out onto the runway.
"I snuck a peek at the audience." Moda was behind him, his lips brushing against Ethan's ear. "Check out Mr. GQ on the way back. First row on the right."
Ethan just nodded. Looking into the audience while walking was unprofessional. You were supposed to pick a spot on the horizon and stare at it both coming and going. He had no intention of deviating from that.
The second girl was sent out. A few seconds later the first model returned to the staging area and dashed to the clothes rack, assistants helping her strip along the way. Their frantic actions made Ethan suppress a grin. He loved the urgency backstage of which the audience was never aware.
"Come on, girls, keep it going," the feeder shouted, hustling another model onto the runway while dodging a returning one.
A male and female model were ahead of Ethan. He breathed deeply, calming his respiration so he wouldn't look out of breath on stage or worse, sweat, which the bright lights would reflect. A grin tugged at his lips. In a way this was like prepping to go undercover. He knew he'd chosen the modeling profession for a reason. He swallowed a laugh.
"Here we go, guys." The feeder urged Ethan forward, the older man watching the TV screen to monitor the progress of the model he'd just sent out. When she'd nearly reached the end, he patted Ethan on the shoulder. "Go!"
Ethan settled his expression into one of bored intensity and stepped out onto the runway. It was bright. Blinding, was more accurate. That never failed to surprise him when he did these shows. But his feet were already moving to the beat, carrying him smoothly up the runway. He focused on a point above the clustered photographers camped at the end of the runway.
He loved this. He loved feeling every eye on him and being the focus of their speculation and fantasies. At the end of the runway he smoothly shed his jacket and swung it over his right shoulder. He paused for two poses, then turned and headed back.
Moda was coming up in his direction, the thin model walking directly down the center of the runway. Ethan took a path along the edge to prevent them from bumping arms in passing. Seeing Moda reminded Ethan of what the other model had said, Check out Mr. GQ.
It could be anyone out there, but Ethan's gut told him it was one of two men. Suddenly, good form or not, he couldn't resist. He had to know who'd arranged for him to be here.
As quickly and surreptitiously as he could, he dropped his eyes to the right, trying to see beyond the blaze of stage lights. His heart stuttered as his gaze fell on the dark-haired man in the black suit.
Poole stared back and smirked.

~~~~~

Maxmillian Poole wasn't a frequent attendee of fashion shows. While he possessed an interest in men's fashion—he wanted to wear the best—sitting through a flashy show watching skin-and-bones women prance past him with angry expressions on their faces wasn't particularly entertaining. He had a personal shopper at Neiman Marcus who handled his clothing purchases and that satisfied him very well.
But his newfound knowledge of Ethan Winter's employment history coupled with his friendship with Eric Bauman had led to Max's unlikely presence at the Fall Fling charity fashion show, enduring the techno music and the angry models. To be certain, it wasn't a complete waste of time. This was a black-tie affair. The audience members were prospective clients. Indeed, James was in the audience seated with a regular female client. During the pre-show mixer Maxmillian had made promising contacts and expected to garner a fair amount of future business from this event.
But that wasn't why he was here. The reason had just passed him on the runway, golden hair gleaming in the lights, fit body moving fluidly beneath expertly tailored clothing. My weakness, Maxmillian thought with a flash of annoyance. But the flash was small, an ember more than a spark. It was difficult to be upset with himself when the sight of Ethan Winter made him pleasantly aware of his own body and the ways in which he hadn't used it lately.
When Winter had unexpectedly glanced down at him, their eyes had locked for a fraction of a second. It was all Max needed to confirm the attraction was mutual and as strong as it had been at ISC. A rare excitement made Max shift in his seat. He hadn't felt this way in a long time. Not even with Jonathan.
He watched the other models with impatience, his eyes constantly shifting to the entrance of the runway where the models emerged. The women were beautiful, the men androgynous and well-formed. He didn't like looking at any of them. His frustration mounted as he waited for one model and one model only to reappear.
Then Winter stepped onto the stage again. Maxmillian tensed. It was as if every light in the building gravitated to the handsome blond, highlighting him brighter than any other model. 
Maxmillian's eyes drank in the sight of him, admiring the way Winter's new outfit—camel-colored slacks and a wine shirt opened at the throat and rolled up at the sleeves—fit every angle and line of his body. The red was too dark for the blond man, Maxmillian decided. It made him look older and jaded. If he dressed Winter he'd put him in nothing but pastels. Darkness was better suited to dominant men like himself.
With hawkish intensity, he watched Winter traverse the runway. Maxmillian could feel his cock, thick and solid, burning against the skin of his inner thigh. He wanted to plunge it into Winter, wanted to watch the younger man's lashes flutter shut in surrender as Max thrust his thick girth inside him again and again.
Winter paused at the end of the stage, offering a pair of poses, before heading back down the runway. Look at me, Maxmillian willed. He knew the models weren't supposed to look into the audience but he didn't care. Look at me, now, Ethan.
And like a good sub, Winter obeyed.

~~~~~

"This is torture," Ethan muttered to himself as he dashed across the backstage area to the clothing racks. He yanked off his shirt while an assistant tugged down his pants. He wore a flesh colored thong but that offered little protection as he was ripped out of his clothes and stuffed into a pair of nearly skintight silver boxer briefs. 
"Arms!" an assistant urged. Ethan thrust out his arms to allow a matching silk robe to be slipped on his shoulders. "Don't tie it. Leave it open," she instructed. 
A stylist ruffled his hair and dabbed glittery body powder over his chest and abs before shoving him into the line of waiting models. 
"Yummy," Moda sang as he sailed past on his way to be stripped and re-clothed.
Ethan ignored him, entirely preoccupied with Maxmillian Poole and what he was doing to Ethan's composure. Ethan had broken form and looked at the man twice. Twice! Each time Ethan's body had broken out into a light flush of heat and he'd had to concentrate with all his might not to stumble over his own feet. Knowing that Maxmillian Poole had paid for his return to Vegas and arranged this job for him made Ethan want to lock himself in a bathroom and frantically jerk himself off. He closed his eyes and cursed his lack of control as his cock filled with blood in anticipation of making eye contact with Poole again. He really didn't want to make a spectacle of himself in front of all those people and cameras but he feared it was inevitable at this rate.
Before he was ready, the feeder's hand was on his shoulder and he was pushed out onto the stage. Gritting his teeth and telling himself to think about squid, he strode out onto the runway.
With every step, he felt Poole's eyes moving over him. It was being visually stripped, and Ethan both hated and loved the sexy attention. The beat of the music echoed the throb of his cock. As he passed Poole Ethan felt a drop of sweat slide down his spine. Think of squid! Slimy squid with suckers!
The silk robe he wore caressed his back and the sides of his chest. The boxer briefs—one size too small to better accentuate his package—applied rhythmic pressure to his groin with every step. Oh, no, this isn't happening...
He walked faster than he should have but he needed to complete his turn and get off the stage pronto. He reached the end of the runway with dread, knowing he'd have to shrug off the robe to better show off the fit of his boxers. He did a quick pose and whipped off the robe, letting it drape across shoulder but still fall down his arm and hopefully provide some protection from the side.
And then he turned. And he walked. And the closer he drew to where Poole was sitting the tighter Ethan's boxers became. It was too late to pretend he wasn't hard. The pull of the fabric across his buttocks told him how full his boxers had become in the front. 
He felt like he was parading his body for Poole's perusal, so Ethan stopped thinking of squid. He was turned on and there was nothing he could do about it but go with it. He threw his shoulders back and lifted his chin. He moved the robe he held to his other hand so Poole would have an unobstructed view of his body. When he neared the other man's seat, he looked down at him boldly and thought, Here you go, Mr. Poole. This is what you do to me.
He wasn't able to catch Poole's gaze however, because the dark-haired man was staring at Ethan's crotch like he wanted to bury his face in it. Ethan's balls clenched at the intensity of the stare. He dragged his fingers across his hard abdomen, wanting that hot gaze to caress the rest of his body too. Poole's dark blue gaze followed the suggestion, lingering on his abs, spanning his bare, glitter-dusted chest and then slowly lifting to Ethan's face.
The message in Maxmillian Poole's eyes was as clear as if he'd shouted it: I want you and I'm going to have you and there's nothing you can do about it.
Ethan tripped and crashed into the podium where the show's host stood. Red-faced, he straightened and smiled at the stunned man. "Has anyone told you what a great job you're doing?"

~~~~~

There were a lot of things he wished he could do over. Obviously falling on his face in front of Maxmillian Poole was one of them. Humiliation aside though, Ethan thought the night had gone well. He now knew who had brought him to Vegas and he was pretty sure he knew why.
The only question remaining was what he planned to do about it. 
He ran a hand through his hair as he considered. He wasn't going to move to Las Vegas. He seriously doubted Poole expected him to anyway. No, what was brewing between them was based purely on lust, and that came without promises and commitments. Ethan had a very active sex life and understood this implicitly.
Maxmillian Poole wanted to fuck him. Ethan wanted to let him. But... it couldn't be that easy. Not if it was going to be good.
And because of that Ethan accepted Moda's offer of sushi and joined him and the other three male models in the restaurant that was nestled within a corner of the Fashion Show Mall. They skipped sitting at the sushi bar in favor of a corner booth that allowed them to hold court over the restaurant. Everyone who entered would see them first, and it was exactly how they wanted it.
One thing Ethan had learned early on about professional models was that they were extremely self-indulgent. Male models were the worst. They smoked too much, drank too much and either ate complete garbage—when they were paying—or dined on the most expensive items on the menu when someone else was buying.
So it was the case tonight. Two of the other models, Rafael and Jericho, had flirted heavily with a high-roller at the sushi bar and weaseled a giant sushi boat sampler out of him along with a bottle of Veuve Clicquot Grande Dame. While Ethan sipped slowly, the other men toasted each other loudly, picked at the sampler and bitched about not being allowed to smoke in restaurants anymore. Ethan participated in conversation but mostly he watched the door and questioned his decision to come here rather than linger at the show where Maxmillian Poole could have easily approached him.
I hope I didn't make a mistake, he thought worriedly. Poole wouldn't have gone to all this trouble only to give up just because Ethan didn't make himself immediately available, would he? Unless he's a man not into games. If so, I just blew it.
"I propose a toast to Ethan," Jericho interrupted his musings. The waif-like model with strawberry-blond hair raised his glass and curled his lip-gloss covered lips. "Here's to falling on your ass and looking hot while doing it."
"Here's to falling on your ass because your boner threw you off balance!" Moda sneered, rolling backwards in the booth. Stick-thin models were notorious lightweights.
Ethan groaned and clinked glasses with the other men. "Was it that obvious?"
"Only to those who were checking you out," Moda said snidely before blowing Ethan a kiss. "Flashing the goods, honey, will only get you a contract doing underwear work for the Frederick's of Hollywood catalog. Always stroke before you walk."
"I'll keep that in mind."
"So who was the bone for?" Moda pressed. He picked up a piece of sashimi with his chopsticks and slurped it between his lips while he studied Ethan. "Were you trying to impress me?"
"You wish, bitch," Rafael muttered.
"It was an involuntary reaction," Ethan quickly replied, not wanting a cat fight to erupt. "Sometimes I get excited by being on stage."
"Uh huh." Moda sipped at his champagne while eyeing Ethan skeptically. "I'll buy it for now but I still think part of it was for me."
"Or maybe it was for him," Jericho murmured, awe in his voice.
Bemused, Ethan followed the other man's gaze to the front door.
"Well, hello, Mr. GQ," Moda breathed, running a hand down his chest. "I think someone may be following us, boys."
Ethan didn't blame the other models for ogling Maxmillian Poole as the man stood in the doorway of the restaurant. He was pretty sure his tongue had rolled out onto the carpet too, as he stared at the dark-haired man.
Poole was everything they were not: classy, refined and quietly confident without a hint of superficiality to his bearing. He was a dark spot on a canvas of color and Ethan's eyes found relief in him. But when their eyes locked relief turned into instant, searing lust. Ethan lost his breath.
"He was at the show?" Jericho hissed before hastily swishing his mouth with champagne. "You think he followed us?"
"He's looking right at us." Moda blinked rapidly. "Oh, shit he's coming over here. Keep your cool!"
His and the other models' idea of keeping cool appeared to be blatantly ignoring Poole as he approached their table. It was probably a good move but Ethan couldn't break the stare he held with the older man. He didn't want to.
"I hope I'm not intruding on your meal," Poole said smoothly, finally looking away from Ethan to briefly acknowledge the other men at the table. "I attended your show and wanted to issue my compliments."
"Hello, Mr. Poole." Ethan ignored the gasps of the other men. "Nice to see you again."
"The feeling's mutual," the dark-haired man replied, his intent gaze making Ethan's cock uncoil in his pants. "I was hoping perhaps I could borrow your company, Mr. Winter. I have a limo waiting outside."
Moda squeaked and gaped at Ethan, jealousy burning in his eyes. 
"Where are we going?" Ethan asked as calmly as he could. He folded his hands carefully over his lap, pressing down on his raging hard-on. "I'm in the middle of dinner with my friends."
Poole's eyes shuttered. "Would you prefer I invited them along?"
Rafael hissed, his hand clamping urgently over Ethan's knee. On his other side, Moda sat straighter. "Well, now that sounds like a great—"
"No." Ethan stood and let his hands fall to his sides, revealing his aroused state. "I don't want you to invite them."
The smugness that lit Poole's face made Ethan's knees weak. "Then enough of the games, Mr. Winter. Follow me."
He walked out without another word. Ethan looked down at the stunned expressions on the other models' faces and gave a crooked grin. "Sorry, guys. Sometimes I can be a little selfish."
He hurried out of the restaurant, Moda's snarls of 'bitch!' following on his heels. He couldn't have cared less what the model thought of him. He'd never see Moda or the others again.
He stepped out onto the sidewalk and found a limousine waiting for him. A driver stood expectantly beside an open door. Ethan rubbed his palms down the front of his pants and climbed inside.
Maxmillian Poole regarded him with an unreadable expression as Ethan took the seat opposite the other man. The door closed and a moment later the driver started up the vehicle and pulled away from the sidewalk. Poole continued to watch Ethan but said nothing.
"I assume you're the reason I'm here," Ethan began, the other man's silence unnerving him. "If so, thank you, but—I'd like an explanation."
"I wished to see you." Poole laid his hands deliberately on his knees, his manicured fingers spread over the expensive fabric. "I did not foresee you returning to my city on your own, so I provided a reason and a means for you to do so."
Ethan spread his own knees slightly in an attempt to give more room to his erection. The limo smelled of Maxmillian Poole, an enticing aroma of expensive cologne and pure musk that wrapped around Ethan's cock and squeezed it. It made him wonder what the man's bedroom smelled like, what his sheets would smell like as Ethan was pressed face-first into them.
"What do you want from me?" he managed through a dry throat.
Poole granted him an amused smile even as his lashes lowered, hiding his gaze. "What would you like to hear me say?" he purred. "I arranged to bring you back here, Mr. Winter, so I could appease my fantasies of fucking you. Is that blunt enough for you?"
Heat rushed through Ethan's body. He sank down further in the soft leather. "Yeah, that's—that's blunt enough." His cock throbbed. "I want that. What you just said. I want it."
"I know." Poole's eyes glittered behind their dark fringe. "I know exactly what you want. Fortunately for you, you're going to get it. But not, however, until I satisfy my needs first." He reached up and loosened his dark tie. "Spread your legs and open your pants. Take yourself out."
Licking his lips, Ethan hastened to comply. This was what he'd hoped this trip was about and now that it was unfolding as he'd fantasized he was nearly lightheaded from lust. He shoved open his pants and pushed down his underwear to pull himself out. The touch of Poole's eyes on his hard cock made Ethan clutch the base of his shaft to control the sudden rush of blood to the organ.
"Are you always hard when you work fashion shows, Mr. Winter?"
"Ethan," he corrected, breathless. "Call me Ethan. And no, I'm never hard."
"But you were tonight." Poole settled back into his seat, watching Ethan carefully. "Was it because you knew I was watching you and imagining doing things to you?"
"Yes," Ethan breathed. Still holding himself at the base, he stroked himself lightly with his other hand. "It turned me on, feeling you looking at me."
"Why does it turn you on to have me watch you?"
"Because you're hot," Ethan blurted, running his eyes hungrily over the unruffled man. Poole was dressed in a tuxedo, and the brilliance of his white dress shirt made his dusky skin and dark hair appear even darker and added to the air of mystery that surrounded him. The glint of a Breitling on Poole's wrist and the spit shine of his shoes both contributed to the impression of a man who was Ethan's superior in many areas of life.
"You're powerful," Ethan continued in a low voice. "You're rich. You're everything I'm not, everything I'll never be."
Something dark and hungry flickered across Poole's expression. "I think what you're attempting to say is that men like me own men like you."
A shudder worked its way up Ethan's spine. "Oh, my god," he moaned.
Poole's eyes narrowed. "And that's what you want, isn't it? You want me to fulfill that promise I made to you. You want me to own you."
Ethan squirmed. "Yes."
"You want to do everything I tell you to because that's what good subs do, don't they?"
"I don't—"
"Are you a submissive, Ethan? Are you a slave for other men to use and abuse as they see fit?"
"I—oh, god..."
"Stop touching yourself," Poole snapped, his voice suddenly thick. "Your pleasure is secondary to mine." He spread his legs. "Get on your knees and take me out."
Ethan fell to his knees gracelessly and crawled between the other man's legs. He carefully unzipped Poole with shaking fingers and peeled back the placket on his dress pants. Black boxer briefs waited beneath, stretched by a large mound. The smell of Poole wafted up, filling Ethan's nose and making him sway where he knelt.
"You enjoy the smell of me, don't you?" Poole whispered, one hand lifting to card through Ethan's hair. "You recognize the smell of your Master."
The words made Ethan dizzy. He'd never had anyone speak to him so boldly, so unapologetically. He'd not yet dabbled in the BDSM lifestyle but he'd always wondered what it would feel like to be with a partner who understood his need, who knew how to command him... Now he knew, and he craved it like he would a drug.
Mouth-watering, he lowered his head and mouthed Poole through the fabric of his briefs. The man hissed, his hand tightening in Ethan's hair as Ethan found the fat head of his cock and massaged it with his lips. He reached up and fondled the other man's large balls, rolling them gently through the cloth.
"Take me out," Poole ordered in a husky voice. "Show me how much you want it."
"I want it," Ethan gasped.
"Shut up and show me," Poole snapped.
Moaning, Ethan carefully pulled down the other man's underwear and freed his erection. It was wonderfully thick and long enough to make Ethan's ass clench nervously. The head was dark and smooth like a plum, shiny with precum. Closing his eyes, Ethan leaned down and rubbed his cheek reverently up and down the thick stalk. He buried his nose in the dark hair at its base and gently kissed the taut scrotum below.
"Good boy," Poole murmured, his fingernails scraping across the nape of Ethan's nape. "Now lick it."
Sleek velvet passed beneath Ethan's tongue as he opened his mouth and licked the other man's cock from base to tip. He breathed loudly through his mouth, letting Poole hear his excitement as he ran his tongue up and down the length of the organ. He licked from side to side, flicking the vein that ran beneath, and paid special attention to laving the notch under the head. Salt and musk assaulted his senses, leaving him dissatisfied with the brief licks. Without waiting for permission or instruction Ethan rose up and sank his open mouth over the other man's cock, moaning as his mouth was filled with smooth heat.
"Cocksucker," Poole groaned softly, his hands sliding to the sides of Ethan's head. "I didn't even need to ask. You do it because that's what you are." Ethan moaned his agreement. Poole chuckled darkly. "Yes, you know what you are, don't you? Impress me, Ethan. Suck my cock. Suck it and love it and prove you understand who your master is."
Oh, god... Oh, god... Ethan's mind was unraveling faster than a cheap sweater. His body was burning up, his cock as hard as metal. He sucked on Poole voraciously, trying to pull him down his throat, trying to devour this sexy, powerful man who made him feel weak and made him love it.
"I tried to forget you," Poole murmured, his fingers clenching and unclenching in Ethan's hair. His hips began to lift, pushing himself up into Ethan's mouth. "I tried—but I couldn't. Watching you with Jonathan—it made me furious and it made me hard. I had to have your mouth... your ass. And that's what you want, isn't it? You want me to take you back. You want to be on your knees... begging for my forgiveness for what you did to me."
Ethan couldn't speak with a mouth full of Poole's cock but he moaned and twisted his body to show how desperate he was, how much every single word out of the other man's mouth turned him on.
"I don't even know who you are," Poole groaned, suddenly shoving Ethan's face down to his pubic hair, "but I'm going to fuck you... fuck you until you tell me you're mine."
Ethan choked as Poole filled his throat with spurt after spurt of hot seed. The other man wouldn't allow him to lift off, and knowing that he was being forced to swallow the other man made Ethan's head buzz with lust. He moaned in surrender and accepted Poole's release. He felt drunk with the rightness of what was happening, with  how safe and sexy and desired he felt while the other man held him tight to his crotch.
The pressure on the back of his head vanished and as he surged up, gasping for breath, Poole shoved him backwards. Startled, Ethan fell onto his back on the carpeted floor as Poole grabbed him by the ankles. The other man yanked upwards until Ethan's weight was pulled onto his shoulders and neck, his spine propped against Poole's knees.
Sapphire eyes bored down at him where he lay upside down. "Stroke yourself," Poole rasped. "You're going to cum on your own face."
Ethan's eyes widened. He fumbled for his swollen cock and bucked in reaction when he squeezed the ripe flesh. "Oh, shit," he whimpered when he discovered how close he already was. "Oh, god, I'm close."
"Cum on your face," Poole ordered again, yanking Ethan's legs higher until his cock was pointing straight down into his eyes. "Next time, I'll make you catch it in your mouth. But this time I want to see it all over your face. I want you to feel it there and know you did it to yourself."
"Oh, god—oh, fuck." Ethan closed his eyes and fisted himself furiously. His spine snapped tight. He felt his balls constrict. And then a wet tongue slithered across his clenched balls and Ethan screamed. Pressure exploded up from his belly through his balls and out the tip of his cock. As his feet kicked the ceiling of the car, heat rained over his face, splattering his cheeks and mouth and sliding down his temples into his hair. It was sick and dirty—and absolutely fantastic.
When some of the breath had returned to his lungs he opened his eyes. Maxmillian Poole smirked down at him from between his spread thighs. "That's a good look on you, Ethan. It's one we may have to repeat." 
Ethan flushed, aware of the thick streaks of cum drying on his face. Poole laughed before looking up. "Dominic," he called to the driver on the other side of the privacy screen, "please take us to the Bellagio." He turned a heated look down on Ethan. "It would be a shame to put your room to waste when I've purchased it for the entire night, wouldn't you agree?"
Ethan laughed breathlessly. "At this point I think it's pretty safe to assume that my answer to everything you say will be yes."
A deep look of satisfaction settled over Poole's face. "I'd warn you to be cautious about declaring such a thing, but in this case your mistake will be my pleasure."
Ethan gulped, his cock giving a weak twitch. "I think it'll be mine, too."





6


Despite what Ethan had begun to fear, Maxmillian Poole did not force him to exit the back of the limo with cum on his face. Poole handed him a small hand towel and allowed Ethan to clean himself, a process that was hot in its own way since Poole stared intently at him the entire time. Ethan was beginning to believe ironing his shirts would be a sexy affair if the other man was there to watch him do it.
They entered the casino and Ethan led the other man through the still busy gaming area to the guest elevators, though he suspected the man was more familiar with the premises than he was. Ethan enjoyed doing it, however, because it made him feel like he had picked up Poole at a casino bar and was now leading him up for a one-night stand. The illusion of control turned Ethan on because it was just that: an illusion. The man holding all the cards was Poole, and they both knew it.
"Mr. Bauman was supposed to book you in a suite," Poole commented with disapproval as they entered Ethan's normal-sized room.
"That would have been nice but this room is more than good enough for me," Ethan said as he walked over to the mini-bar and considered the selection of tiny liquor bottles there. He was afraid to touch them, frankly. A simple can of soda was three dollars.
"Don't bother with those. We're ordering something decent."
Ethan turned in surprise. Poole had found the room service menu and was scanning it while he picked up the phone. He glanced at Ethan.
"You were drinking champagne earlier, yes?"
Ethan nodded. "Yes, but we got it for free. You don't need to order something good. I'll drink anything."
"No, you will drink the best," Poole corrected him. "We'll start with a bottle of Krug and see where that leads us."
The implication that they would be at this—whatever this was—for a long time excited Ethan. Heck, he was half-hard just standing there watching the other man order room service.
A little nervous, he toed off his shoes but kept his shirt and pants on—he didn't want to seem slutty, after all—and took a seat at the small table beside the window. After placing his order, Poole hung up the phone and regarded Ethan where he sat.
"I'm going to make myself comfortable," he told Ethan.
"Go right ahead."
With heavy-lidded eyes, Poole loosened his bowtie and removed it. Then he carefully shrugged out of his tuxedo jacket and draped both over the foot of the king-sized bed. Powerful shoulders and chest muscles flexed beneath his dress shirt. The man clearly worked out and Ethan was beside himself with lust. He couldn't wait to touch those muscles.
Instead of joining Ethan at the table, Poole sat down on the bed and leaned back against the headboard, stocking-clad feet crossed at the ankles as if the bed were his and not Ethan's.
Silence fell. Ethan felt increasingly excited and increasingly awkward.
"So, uh, do you do this often?" he asked. 
Poole arched a dark, elegant eyebrow. "Pay for men's rooms so I may have sex with them?"
"Yes."
"No."
Ethan shifted. "Why me, then? I'm hardly the most attractive man in Las Vegas and I don't even live here."
For the first time, Poole looked less than confident as he folded his hands across his lap and studied them. "I don't know," he admitted. "I've abstained from sexual contact for several years. I expected to continue to do so for several more. I'm not a man ruled by my body; I'm ruled by my mind. But when I saw you, when I spoke to you... I understood I wouldn't be able to abstain any longer." 
"But I'm not anyone special," Ethan demurred. "You could have anyone."
Poole smiled faintly and raised his eyes to Ethan. "You are unnecessarily modest."
Ethan shrugged. "I know I'm attractive. I model. But no one's ever paid for me to fly somewhere and then put me up in a first-class hotel. I'm not that kind of attractive." And though he didn't like doing it, he added, "Besides, it's not like I'm expensive. Jonathan Wilder got me without buying me anything."
Darkness swept over Poole's features and Ethan wondered if he'd made a mistake in bringing up the other man. "Jonathan Wilder has served only one good purpose in his life," Poole said tightly, "and that's pursuing you. Initially, my interest in you was spurred because of his interference. Competition was a cornerstone of our relationship, you see. But this—here and now—isn't happening because of him. He may have recognized that I was interested in you and attempted to amuse himself at your expense, but you and I are not here because I am attempting to win you from him."
"You wouldn't need to anyway," Ethan pointed out. "After that stunt he pulled on me I got a little tit for tat. He and I are nothing to each other."
Amusement lit Poole's blue eyes and he visibly relaxed. "So I heard. That was creative revenge on your part, Ethan. I was impressed."
The sound of his name falling so easily from Poole's mouth made Ethan smile. "I may like to be on the bottom but that doesn't mean I let people walk all over me."
"I'm pleased to hear that. I enjoy dominating a man with spirit."
Ethan swallowed, his pulse racing. "Every time you say something like that, it drives me crazy. Have you—have you always been like this? So successful and confident, I mean." And such a hot top.
Poole's lips tilted upwards. "I strive to be the best, and when I succeed it instills a certain level of confidence, yes. My parents drilled into me a strong distaste for failure. Accordingly, I have succeeded in every endeavor I've undertaken. I do not fail. Not in any area of my professional life."
"What about your personal life?" 
Annoyance briefly crossed Poole's face. "My personal life is none of your business," he said in clipped tones. "That you know of Jonathan Wilder at all is through his indiscretion, not mine. You're here to be fucked, Ethan, not to become my confidant."
Ethan bristled. "Look, I'm not your paid hooker. I don't care how much this room cost." He stood up. "I think you'd better leave."
The other man didn't move. Only his expression tightened. "I apologize," Poole said after a long moment. "That was disrespectful of me." He frowned and again his gaze dropped to his folded hands. "I am a very private man. I share my life with no one. It was wrong of me to expect you to know that." He lifted his head. "Please allow me to stay. I promise to behave with better manners."
Uncertain, Ethan sat back down. "This is a strange situation. I feel like I owe you yet I don't want to feel like a prostitute."
"You owe me nothing," Poole stated bluntly. "Your obligation was to the show, not to me. You're entertaining me of your own volition. If you insist I leave right now, I will."
Their gazes locked. "But you don't want to," Ethan said.
Heat smoldered in Poole's eyes. "Not until I've had my fill of you. No."
Outside in the hall a door closed. A car horn honked from the Strip. Ethan continued to stare at Maxmillian Poole, wondering if this man might be more than he could handle.
"I normally do this with people I feel more secure with," Ethan admitted. "Even one-night stands—they're men I choose, not the other way around."
"What should I tell you to allay your concerns?"
A sheepish laugh preceded Ethan's answer. "I guess there's nothing. I don't know why I'm acting so skittish. It's just—you intimidate me a lot and I guess I'm caught between being scared and being turned on."
"Perhaps it won't hurt for me to share a little of myself—"
"No, no, it's okay. You don't feel comfortable doing it and—"
"Quiet."
Ethan's mouth clicked shut. 
"I assumed control of the Elite Poole after my Uncle Edgar decided he wished to retire," Poole said slowly as if the subject were one he was unused to discussing. "While he built a new life in France I began the not unpleasant task of expanding upon what he had established here. It has been something of a passion and obsession of mine. Maintaining the status quo is not enough. I want the Elite Poole to surpass any expectations my uncle may have had for it. It has become my sole focus, particularly after I ended the relationship with Jonathan."
"Are you driven by your own needs or someone else's?" Ethan asked quietly, wondering who Poole was trying to impress.
Poole looked at him sharply, and then he let out a long breath. "Perhaps a bit of both. What son does not wish to please his family? My parents are successful in their own right. The son's challenge is to exceed what the parents have accomplished."
The other man's admission surprised Ethan. The last people that he'd expected to hear Poole trying to please were his parents. 
"Surely they're proud of you?" he asked. "I don't see how anyone could look at you and not realize you're at the top of your game. The people at the conference all deferred to you. I watched them. You were one of the most powerful people there."
Poole regarded him with amusement. "You watched me, did you?"
Ethan flushed at being caught out. "It's kinda hard not to. You're incredibly good-looking. And you've got, I don't know, great presence."
Poole smoothed one hand over the other. "And does my great presence arouse you, Ethan? Or are you still wary of me?"
"You arouse me," Ethan murmured. "More than any man I've ever met."
"Excellent." The comment wasn't a smug one but filled with acknowledgement that all was right with the world.
"You don't often talk about your family. Do you?" Ethan asked, trying to steer the conversation away from his out of control libido.
He watched unease flit behind Poole's gaze. "No. I don’t."
"Why did you tell me?"
"I don't know." Poole's frown deepened. "Perhaps—it has been a long time since I've been intimate with another person. I suppose I assumed that sharing some of my history would make the process smoother."
"You're trying to butter me up by telling me personal stuff," Ethan said with a grin. "It might be working."
"What will I accomplish in 'buttering you up'?" Poole asked, smirking.
Ethan shrugged, coy. "I might become easy. Then you could do anything you wanted to me."
Poole's eyes were dark. "I can do that, already. We've established your lack of resistance where I'm concerned. I intend to take advantage of it many times before this night is over."
Lust wracked Ethan's body. "That sounds—that sounds pretty good to me."
"I'm aware that it does," Poole replied in a low voice. "Consider yourself an open book that I take great delight in perusing."
Ethan shifted, his cock trapped uncomfortable in his pants. "Um, okay."
A knock at the door broke the tension.
Ethan jumped to his feet. "I'll—I'll just get that. Probably room service."
Poole smirked. "I would imagine so."
What he found waiting out in the hall wasn't a waiter with a bottle of wine however. Though he did carry a full ice bucket in one hand, the waiter also pushed a full gueridon topped with plates into the room.
"You ordered all this?" Ethan asked Poole in surprise.
"I did," the other man replied, standing and signing the bill. "I'll serve us," he told the room service waiter and waited until the other man left. Poole lifted the metal plate warmers to reveal oysters on the half shell with a variety of dipping sauces and a cheese plate rounded out with bread and fruit. "Something to tide us over," Poole remarked, catching Ethan's eye. "I thought you might be hungry since I removed you from your dinner."
Now that he was looking at food, Ethan discovered he did have an appetite. He resumed his seat at the table as Poole pushed the gueridon next to it. Poole took the seat next to him and pulled the bottle of champagne from the bucket. He deftly opened it with a quiet hiss rather than a loud pop.
"I'm assuming that's the best way to open it," Ethan laughed, feeling as though he were being given an education in the finer things in life.
"You don't want the gasses to escape," Poole agreed, slowly pouring the alcohol into both of their glasses. "Bubbles are the entire point behind champagne." 
He returned the bottle to the ice bucket and raised his champagne flute. "A toast?"
Ethan smiled and raised his glass, also. "Why not?"
Poole half-turned and swept the drapes aside, allowing the brilliant lights of the Strip to rain down on them. It was a breathtaking view and Ethan wasn't immune to it, nor to the view of the man seated beside him.
"To Las Vegas," Poole toasted, his classic profile bathed in neon lights. "To the people she brings together." He looked deeply into Ethan's eyes. "To a night of no inhibitions and no regrets."
Heart thudding in his chest, cock hard, Ethan lightly clinked his glass to Poole's. "Cheers to all of it."
He took a sip. It was every bit as good as he expected it to be, crisp and faintly fruity. Maxmillian Poole had impeccable taste.
"Is there a motive behind the oysters?" Ethan asked with a crooked grin. "You don't need to resort to aphrodisiacs to get me into bed, Mr. Poole."
"You may call me Maxmillian." A beat. "Or Max, if you wish."
Ethan wasn't much of a gambling man, but he'd bet a month's salary that no one ever called Maxmillian Poole 'Max' to his face. Something was happening between them but he was afraid to look too closely. He forcefully reminded himself that he was here for one night and one night only. Then he'd be back in Indiana, spying on people from his car.
"Okay, Max."
Maxmillian smiled faintly. Ethan matched it.

~~~~~

"You know, I really can't picture you and Jonathan together." Ethan picked up a slice of hard cheese—something from Spain, if he remembered correctly—and chewed on it thoughtfully. "You're both pretty headstrong. I can't decide who would be on the bottom."
Max swallowed an oyster and set the empty shell on the plate of ice it had been presented on. "Hence one of the reasons our relationship disintegrated." He drank from his champagne while studying Ethan. "Another reason was his inability to keep us a secret. As I said, I value my privacy. My love life is not fodder for public speculation."
"Aren't you taking a risk hooking up with me, then?" Ethan shrugged. "I'm a stranger. A wild card. Who says I won't go blabbing about what we do here?"
The other man didn't flinch. "I have no guarantees that you will keep silent. However as I understand it, the Federal Bureau of Investigation is leery of hiring homosexual agents for security reasons. It's in your best interests to be as discreet as I."
Ethan swallowed the tasteless lump of cheese in his mouth. "How—how did you know about that?"
Maxmillian smirked. "In providing adequate protection for my clients it's often necessary to investigate them and the people who may wish to harm them. I have many contacts in this city and in this state, Ethan. If I wish to know something, I will."
"So you know everything about me." Ethan wasn't sure if he found that irritating or arousing. 
"Almost everything," Max conceded with an odd twinkle in his eye. "I expect to have cataloged all of your sexual preferences by morning."

~~~~~

They finished the food and they finished the champagne.
Ethan expected to be thrown to the bed but Max suggested they take a bath together. Ethan loved the idea. He couldn't remember the last time he'd done anything so sensual and the prospect of seeing Maxmillian in his naked glory was a thrill in itself.
Ethan’s cock was rock hard as he ran the water in the huge Roman tub. The hotel offered an assortment of bath salts and bubble baths but he chose to pour just a small amount of the bubble bath under the running water. He didn't want the 'good parts' obscured.
"Undress yourself," Max ordered softly from where he leaned against the counter.
Ethan shut off the water and listened to the bubbles popping softly as he stood and turned around. The bathroom was gorgeous, decked out in marble and brass. It was nearly the size of Ethan's kitchen back home. Soft recessed lighting bathed everything in a pleasant rosy bronze glow and added sensuality to an already intimate setting.
As he held Max's eyes, Ethan took his time in removing his shirt. He knew how to strip in order to stir a man's juices, and he put that skill to work as he dropped his shirt to the floor and then worked on his pants. Max's gaze burned against his bared skin. He watched Ethan's movements with the intensity of someone who was memorizing every action in expectation of repeating it later. But this is only for one night, Ethan reminded himself.
It was getting more and more difficult to remember that.
He dropped his pants and stepped out of them in his bare feet. The only thing he wore now were his boxer briefs, stretched in the front by his erection. Ethan enjoyed the desire on the other man's face as he hooked his thumbs in the elastic waist and slowly dragged them down his hips and over his jutting cock. After a slow tease, the soft cotton briefs joined his pants and shirt on the floor.
"You're beautiful," Max breathed, his fingers white knuckled against the counter behind him. He released it and stepped forward, bare feet padding softly across the marble floor.
Ethan's lashes fluttered as the other man drew close to him and inhaled the scent of his skin. "Stunning," Maxmillian whispered, his cheek barely skimming over the length of Ethan's neck. His lips skated across Ethan's skin, planting ghost-like kisses. "I see now why you've driven me from celibacy," he continued in a low, husky burr. His hands settled on Ethan's hips, thumbs drawing circles on the blond's hipbones. "You are exquisite."
Ethan trembled where he stood, seduced by the other man's words and his nearness. He felt like the glass of expensive champagne they'd imbibed earlier, savored and appreciated by a man who tasted with all of his senses. 
"Let me take your clothes off," he gasped softly, shivering as Max continued to barely graze his skin with his nose and mouth. "I want to see you."
"Yes," Max murmured. "I think it's time we settled down to business." He stepped backwards and Ethan fought not to groan. It felt like the sun had retreated behind the clouds.
But he consoled himself with the knowledge that now he could get what he wanted. He licked his lips as he contemplated Max's body. He started with the buttons on the other man's shirt, slowly pushing each one through its hole and baring a little more of the bronzed skin beneath.
"It turns you on to undress me."
Ethan briefly shut his eyes as lust rushed through his body. "Yes..."
Fingers skimmed his naked hip. "It pleases me to hear that," Max whispered. "Continue, Ethan. Undress me for you."
Nearly dizzy with desire, Ethan pushed the last button through its hole and then removed Max's heavy cufflinks and set them on the counter. He reached between the open plackets of Max's shirt and placed his palms flat on the smooth chest beneath. He slid his hands up and back, his wrists carrying the shirt until the garment slipped off Max's shoulders and slithered quietly to the floor. A masterpiece of muscle and bone stood bared before him.
"I was hoping you'd look like this," Ethan admitted, his eyes roaming over the smooth, broad chest with its tight, dark nipples. He bent forward and placed a delicate kiss on each furled bud, unable to stop himself from curling his tongue around one of the nipples. Max trembled against him and released a breathy sigh. His hand gently cupped the back of Ethan's head.
Thrilled by the response, Ethan let his eyes drop down Max's body, visually devouring the hard, quilted abdomen and the bulge distending his trousers. A sparse line of dark hair skipped down from Max's navel to disappear beneath his cummerbund. Ethan suddenly needed to see where that trail led. He wanted the treasure at the end of it.
He kissed his way down the firm squares of muscle until he was on his knees before Max. With shaking fingers he removed the other man's cummerbund and then unfastened his trousers. The rasp of the zipper as he lowered it was soft counterpoint to his escalating breathing. Ethan quickly unsheathed Max's legs and tugged his boxer briefs down to follow the pants.
The scent of sex immediately assailed Ethan's senses as he stared at the dark, full cock before him. He combed his fingers through the trim black hair around the base and smiled when the organ twitched in response. He lovingly kissed the tip of Max's erect shaft. He moaned a little as the now familiar flavor spread over his tongue. This was a cock to worship and Ethan was more than happy to do it, but fingers cupped his chin and tilted his face up.
"In the water," Max instructed, his voice holding a faint tremor. "I want to feel you against me."
Ethan nodded eagerly. He quickly but carefully stepped into the warm water and waited as Max joined him and sat down with his back against the edge. Ethan sank down on the other man's lap and immediately caught Max in a wet, open-mouthed kiss.
Water splashed against their faces as Max lifted his arms from the water and held Ethan behind the head. A hot tongue filled Ethan's mouth and fucked it with the hunger of a man who hadn't had sex in years. Ethan moaned and aligned himself over Max so the other man's cock rubbed over his hole and across his swollen balls. The bath oil in the water allowed their bodies to slide smoothly over each other's as Ethan ground his cock into Max's stomach.
"I want to be inside you," Max growled, tearing his lips free of Ethan's to suck hungrily at the blond's neck. "Skin to skin. You have nothing to worry from me."
Ethan shuddered. He'd never done bareback before and he knew it was an unnecessary risk, but he felt he could take it with Maxmillian Poole. This was a man who probably scheduled physicals for himself every six months. And the thought of having that naked cock up inside him, filling him with cum…
"Yes," Ethan hissed. "I'll let you. Only you."
"Only I," Max agreed as he seized Ethan's mouth again.
They kissed as if they were fighting and fucking at the same time. Ethan's lips felt bruised but he couldn't bring himself to end the mouth to mouth contact. Maxmillian Poole had held lovers at arm’s length until him. Ethan wanted to experience every second of this gift that he could.
The longer they kissed the more their passion for each other climbed. Water sloshed over the edge as Max grabbed Ethan by the ass and guided him to rock atop him. Ethan gasped for breath but couldn't break away long enough to draw a lungful of air. He was dizzy and about to burst. His fingers clutched and pawed at Max's rippled shoulders.
As Ethan continued to rock, Max explored the rest of his body, sliding his hands up and down Ethan's chest and stomach, pinching his nipples until he writhed in a mixture of pain and pleasure. Ethan finally threw back his head and gasped when Max fisted his cock beneath the water.
"This is mine," Max rasped, jerking Ethan from root to tip. "You touch it only when I allow it."
"Oh, f-fuck, yes," Ethan gasped. "Yours. It's all yours."
"Very good," Max praised him in a rough voice. Still pumping Ethan's cock, he reached under the blond's spread legs and fingered his bud. "Now let me inside here."
The finger slid up his ass. Ethan whimpered and humped Max's hand with desperation.
"Please..." He ran his hands over Max's sleek chest and shoulders. "Please, fuck me."
"Look at me."
He opened his eyes and found Maxmillian staring hard at him. A bead of moisture slid down the older man's temple. "Look at me when I enter you," Max whispered raggedly. "I need to know... I want to see when you feel me inside you."
It reminded Ethan that the other man hadn't had sex in years. This was more than a fuck to Maxmillian Poole; this was the breaking of a personal vow. They'd both been kidding themselves that this was a one-night stand that meant nothing.
Ethan nodded and bit at Max's lips. "Fuck me. I want your cock. I need it."
Immediately the blunt head of Max's cock pressed against him. A relentless pressure followed, nearly frightening in its determination. Ethan breathed shallowly as he sank down slowly on the other man. Max stretched him painfully but Ethan stared deeply into the other man's eyes and used that connection to get past the pain. It felt like he was sitting on a flagpole, but Ethan had never felt more possessed.
When he hit bottom it was a tremendous relief. Wet hands sandwiched his face and brought him down for another soul-searching kiss. Ethan could feel Max's entire body trembling beneath him. It humbled him.
"Take what you want from me," he whispered into Max's mouth. "I'm yours. Use me, Max. Use my body."
"I need to own you," Max choked out.
Ethan groaned, his body afire with lust. "Then own it."
A snarl tore from Max's throat. His hands shot to Ethan's hips and lifted him up, each inch of his cock pulling Ethan inside out. Then he slammed Ethan back down, eliciting a shocked cry from the blond.
"Holy—oh, my—god!" Ethan gasped as Max picked him up and slammed him back down again on that dominating pole. Water splashed all over the floor of the bathroom but neither man noticed. Ethan could only hang on to Max's shoulders as he was fucked to within an inch of his life.
The pressure against his prostate was more than he could take. This wasn't finesse; this was brutal and it was intense. He writhed, trying to ease the overwhelming sensations, but Max held him in place and wouldn't let him shift away. 
"N-no more," he gasped out, trying to strain away. "I can't take it."
"Take it," Max ground out, fucking relentlessly into him.
The other man's cock glided over Ethan's gland yet again. Pushed to his limit, Ethan cried out and came all over Max's chest.
A fierce look came over Max's face after he looked down and saw what Ethan had done. "You didn't ask my permission," he growled. He rammed himself up into Ethan's body as hard as he could.
Ethan moaned as he felt the other man swell and pulse inside him. "Yes," he moaned. "Fill me. Fill me up, Max."
"It's more than you deserve," Max panted, pulling Ethan's face down against his neck. "You misbehaved."
Ethan laughed tiredly. "You'll learn I do that often."

~~~~~

Maxmillian Poole might be a civilized man but he knew far too many methods of torture.
"I told you not to move," he murmured against Ethan's ear. "That warrants more punishment."
Ethan instinctively tried to pull away but the bowtie binding his wrists to his ankles kept him firmly on his knees and face in the middle of the bed. "Max—" he tried.
But just like earlier when he'd dragged Ethan across his lap, Max wasn't a man to be deterred from administering a spanking. His palm landed hard and flat—gleefully, Ethan wanted to accuse—right across his ass. Ethan's ass was already on fire from the earlier spanking and more sensation easily brought the tears to his eyes.
"Oh, god, I won't move," he sobbed. "I promise. No more, Max. Please."
A warm, smooth palm cupped his bruised buttock. "But what if I wanted to give you more, Ethan? What if it pleases me to see your skin this attractive shade of red and watch the tears form in your eyes? What if the sound of your voice breaking arouses me and makes me want to fuck you over and over again?"
Ethan's cock lurched against his stomach. He damned himself for being a masochist; this sort of treatment made him hot and Max knew it.
"Then I'd tell you to keep spanking me," he whispered, wincing at what he was setting himself up for. "It pleases me to please you."
"Yes, it does." Max's body enfolded Ethan's almost protectively. His cock rested against the split seam of Ethan's buttocks. "You'll do anything for me, won't you, Ethan? You'll do anything I ask, let me treat you the way I want, take my seed into your body even though you've been safe with everyone else."
Ethan spread his knees, inviting Max's cock to rest against his sore hole. "Yes, Max," he panted. "Anything you want. I'll do it."
Max sucked on the side of his neck, making Ethan shiver. "Why will you do anything I want, Ethan?"
"Because—because... " Ethan faltered, unsure what answer Maxmillian wanted.
He yelped as Max slapped him across the ass again. The hot burn seared through Ethan's nerves. He felt drunk on pain and pleasure. He didn't know which way was up anymore.
"My pleasure is your pleasure. That's what you said, Ethan." Max licked the side of his damp cheek, tasting his tears. "Tell me why you feel that way."
Ethan struggled with an answer. He could sense it just beyond his reach but for some reason he was hesitant to cross that extra inch and grab it.
"I don't know," he said. "Because—because it feels good to give in to you. Because it turns me on to submit."
"Because you need me," Max coaxed, his breath warm and comforting in Ethan's ear. "Because you've never wanted to give yourself so completely to another man. Because you feel safe with me, you know you belong with me. Everything you've sought with other men you've found in me."
Ethan's eyes widened. He stopped breathing. "What are you saying?" he whispered.
Max shifted and pushed his cock into Ethan. He slid inside smoothly, his way slicked by the semen he'd deposited in Ethan earlier. The sensation of possession was now all Ethan could think about. He'd let this man do to him what no one ever had.
"You're here," Max whispered, groaning softly as he filled Ethan to his limit. "And you're not leaving. I'm purchasing you, Ethan Winter. Body, mind, and soul."





7


Ethan didn't know what to say after Max's bombshell. He took the easy way out, moaning into the sheets as Max filled him with thick, firm heat. Better to concentrate on the sex, on the sensation, than think about what Max might mean.
His wrists strained against the silk binding them to his ankles. He wanted to reach back and grab Max by the hips and pull him even deeper.
"Yes, you want it too," Max growled against the back of Ethan's neck. "You need it, Ethan. You need this every day. Every night. You need to be fucked like this. You need me to be the one to do it."
The dirty talk made Ethan groan and clench around Max's thrusting cock. "Please... deeper. Fuck me hard—"
Max did, harder and harder until Ethan saw spots before his eyes and the next thing he knew he was cumming all over the sheets. A minute later he felt Max swell and spill inside him before the other man collapsed atop his back.
Ethan's body tingled as if he'd been shocked. The feeling increased once Max untied his wrists. He rolled onto his back and regained his breath as he waited for feeling to return to his appendages.
Noticing Ethan's behavior, Max touched the skin of his ankles. "I shouldn't have used a thin restraint. I apologize."
"It's fine," Ethan assured him. "I'm glad you used it. I liked it."
A kiss was pressed to his ankle. 
Ethan massaged his sore wrists while he stared at the ceiling. Below him on the bed Maxmillian massaged his ankles where the silk had been wound.
"I thought this was supposed to be a one-time deal," Ethan said in a carefully neutral voice. "You said you're ruled by your mind, not by your body." Max cupped the heel of Ethan's right foot in his hand and began massaging it. Ethan groaned and shut his eyes as the man's strong fingers dug into the sole of his foot. "Don't try to distract me. I want an answer."
"I'm relaxing you, not distracting you," Max replied. He pushed his thumb up the arch of Ethan's foot, eliciting another groan. "Massage therapy shouldn't be viewed as a luxury but as a necessity. Stress in the body creates stress in the mind. A stressed mind doesn't think clearly. I schedule a full body massage for myself every week. You should consider doing likewise."
Ethan snorted. "I can't afford it."
"But I can."
Ethan opened his eyes again. Max stared back at him. "So is that what you meant about buying me? You want to keep me as your companion? Your kept man?" Ethan shook his head. "As appealing as it sounds, I'm not that kind of guy, Max. And there's the whole issue of the FBI. I've dreamed of becoming an agent since I was a teenager. I'm not giving that up just to become somebody's pampered pet."
"You will not be my pet, except in the sexual sense."
Ethan couldn't believe someone had just said that to him—and that it sounded intriguing. Then he shook his head. This was nuts.
"What happens when you get tired of me?" he challenged. "You're bound to get bored with a hick like me. And speaking of being a hick, what if I embarrass you in front of your rich and powerful friends? I don't even know the right way to open a bottle of champagne, Max."
Max released his foot and rested his hands upon his bare thighs. It took some effort on Ethan's part to keep his eyes on the other man's face and not on that magnificent body.
"I would teach you," Maxmillian stated patiently, "everything you need to know to move comfortably in my world. You're intelligent. It is the experience and knowledge you lack. I have every confidence that given the tools and education you would not embarrass me, Ethan."
Ethan sat up and rested his back against the bed's headboard. He folded his hands over his lap because if he started to get hard he didn't want Max to take advantage of it. When Max touched him, Ethan's higher thinking flew out the window.
"So maybe I could learn all of that," he conceded. "But there's still the matter of my career. I'm not giving that up for you. Not for you, not for anyone."
Maxmillian's expression didn't alter. "And if by some misfortunate turn of events you are refused entrance to the Academy?"
Ethan stilled. "You wouldn't dare."
Surprise lit Max's eyes, quickly replaced by a hard look. "If you're suggesting I would deliberately sabotage your career to suit my own needs you're mistaken about the type of man I am, Mr. Winter."
Max rose off the bed smoothly, but when he pulled on his pants he did so with sharp, angry movements. An uncomfortable sense of guilt filled Ethan as he watched Max dress.
"Wait," he said quickly, sliding off the bed also. "Wait, I'm sorry." He caught Max by the arm and waited until sapphire blue eyes slid sideways to him. The look Max gave him was wary, making Ethan wonder if he'd actually hurt the man's feelings. "You'd never do something like that. I hardly know you but I can tell you're honorable. I shouldn't have suggested it, Max. I'm sorry. Really."
Max's expression didn't change but the muscles beneath Ethan's hand relaxed. "Acceptance into the Academy isn't guaranteed," Max said quietly. "I'm presenting you with an alternative should your plans not unfold as you hope they will. Nothing more."
"But why me?" Ethan asked again, genuinely mystified. "I'm the first person you've had sex with in years. Don't you think you should try some other people first? You're probably caught up in the moment."
The thinning of Max's lips made Ethan wince. "If there is one thing I do not do, Ethan, is allow myself to become 'caught up in the moment'. Impulse doesn't exist in my lexicon. Every action I take is a deliberate one." He turned suddenly and cupped Ethan's naked cock in his palm. "I am taking deliberate action to ensure that this belongs to me and only to me." His other hand molded over Ethan's buttock and squeezed it possessively. "No other man will know what you feel like in here, Ethan. No other man will know what you sound like when you're full of cock."
"Max—"
"I admit I did not expect this evening's activities to extend beyond the morning but I’ve decided I want you."
Ethan tried not to push forward into the warm cradle of Max's palm. "And that means you can have me?"
Max's confident smirk made the blood rush faster to Ethan's cock. "It does." He stepped closer and leaned forward until his breath curled through the shell of Ethan's ear. "Tell me you don't want my hands on your body. Tell me you can resist my cock when you feel it against your hole. Tell me you don't need to be manhandled, controlled—" he nipped Ethan's earlobe, "— dominated."
Ethan shuddered. "I—"
Max pushed him gently and Ethan stumbled back, purposefully steering clear of the bed until his back came up against the wall. He turned his head to the side, eyes clenched shut as Max began kissing the side of his neck. They were about the same height, making Ethan feel like he was being sexually tormented by his own shadow. He pressed his hands to the wall behind him, trying to resist reaching for Max, trying to resist pulling him in.
"Has any other man made you feel weak like this?" Max murmured, his lips burnishing Ethan's skin.
"No," Ethan gasped, trying not to moan as Max nuzzled his erogenous zone.
"Has any other man made your cock this hard?"
Ethan whimpered as Max slowly ground his clothed erection against Ethan's bare one. "No..."
Max peeled Ethan's hands off the wall and entwined their fingers as he held their hands pinned to the wall beside Ethan's head.
"You've been searching for a man like me, Ethan." Max lapped at his throat, the moisture and heat making Ethan moan softly. "Listen to yourself. Feel how you're responding to me. This is your first time reacting this strongly to another man and you're amazed by it. Soon you will begin to crave it. You will dream of doing things to please me, because in pleasing me you find your own pleasure."
"This isn't fair," Ethan moaned even as he tilted his chin higher so Max could reach more of his throat. "You're trying to distract me from arguing."
"I'm trying to teach you," Max corrected him softly. "You know what you desire, but you are afraid to accept it. Surrendering to another man may be one of the most frightening experiences of your life. But I promise you—" he kissed his way up Ethan's jaw line and over his chin, "— I will make it the most rewarding."
Their lips met in a wet, open-mouthed kiss. Ethan tried to fight back with his tongue but it became clear very quickly that his resistance was only a token one. He groaned as Max thrust forcefully into his mouth. In his mind, Max was breaching not only his mouth but his ass. Each plunge of Max's stiff tongue made Ethan's limbs tremble and his hole clench in need.
Max tore his mouth away and rested his forehead against Ethan's. "You're so hard you're shaking against me. You want me. Your body is already mine. "
"But it's only sex," Ethan protested. He opened his eyes when Max released both of his hands and suddenly seized him by a fistful of his hair.
"It is for now," Max agreed grimly, and then he stepped back, pulling Ethan with him by the grip on his hair, making the blond stagger forward. "If this isn't enough stimulation I would like you to tell me," he said. Then he pulled back his hand and slapped Ethan across the face.
It stunned Ethan and set his cheek aflame.
Max paused to study his reaction. Then he calmly slapped Ethan again.
Ethan finally broke out of his stupor. He grabbed the hand in his hair and began to twist it. Max released his hold on Ethan and yanked out of the blond's grip. He slammed Ethan backwards and jammed his forearm across Ethan's throat to hold him to the wall. Ethan reached up to pull at the restraining arm just as Max slapped him a third time.
The pain and shock of it brought tears to Ethan's eyes. His cheek felt like it was on fire. "What the hell are you doing?" he choked out, furious.
"I'll stop when your cock softens," Max said very clearly.
Ethan struggled wildly against him, infuriated by the comment, but Max pressed more fully against him, pinning him in place. With their faces mere inches apart, gazes locked, Max raised his leg and pushed his thigh against Ethan's groin. 
"I can make you come just by hitting you," Max whispered, blue eyes glowing with lust and dominance. "Would you like that?"
The racing beat of Ethan's heart echoed the throb of his painfully swollen cock. Wide-eyed he stared back at Max.
"I told you I would catalogue your every sexual preference." Max's voice was a seductive hiss as he ran the backs of his fingers down Ethan's blazing cheek. "You become sexually aroused by the measured application of pain. Fortunately for us both, I become sexually aroused by inflicting that pain upon you." His eyes darkened to indigo. "I want to use paddles on you. I want to see you helpless beneath a blindfold, bound by restraints, squirming under the bite of nipple clamps and my bare hands and teeth. I want to see you in tears, suffering and enjoying orgasm at the same time."
Fear and desire weighed equally in Ethan. He blinked wildly. "I'm not—I'm not into—"
Max slapped him so hard his head bounced off the wall.
And Ethan moaned, ready to cum without being touched. He sagged in Max's grip.
"Exactly," he heard the dark-haired man whisper, the word thick with satisfaction.
Ethan clutched at him, confused and aching. "Why..."
"It is partly the pain and it is partly the power," Max explained to him, his eyes roaming covetously over Ethan's face, lingering on his tear-filled eyes. "You want a man who dares to exert power over you, a man you can trust not to hurt you more than is necessary. I am that man. I will give you everything you need, and I will keep you safe."
Ethan hadn't known he'd needed to hear those words until they were spoken; he hadn't realized he'd secretly felt that desire until Max pointed it out. Tension unwound in his chest. Ethan closed his eyes in relief. The action pushed twin beads of tears down his cheeks. "Max..."
"Yes." A strong hand cupped his cheek, rubbing the tears into his skin. "You understand now, don't you, Ethan? You understand why I must own you."
Ethan swallowed his protest. There was no use uttering it while his body yearned for release.
"On your knees," Max ordered softly, caressing Ethan's hot cheek one last time before taking a step back. "You know what to do."
Ethan dropped to the carpet dazed, too driven by lust to do anything but what he was ordered to. With shaking hands he opened the other man's pants. Max's cock sprang free of the fabric, thick and swollen and wet at the tip.
"It does turn you on," Ethan murmured, awed.
Max cupped him beneath the chin and tipped his face up. The dark-haired man's expression was unreadable. "You do, Ethan. You turn me on."

~~~~~

It was over a hundred degrees in the city, but inside the limousine the weather was perfect. It made a man reluctant to leave it.
Ethan smoothed a hand over his hair nervously as he looked out the side window at the curbside check-in. "So you still mean it, right?" he asked anxiously, turning away from the window.
Seated across from him, Max drew the ankle of one leg over his other knee. He looked sharp and crisp in a navy blue suit over a charcoal shirt and tie. His eyes were like a hawk's, steady and piercing.
"I meant it last night and I mean it today." Max inclined his head toward the window and the airport beyond. "If within six month's time you apply to and are accepted by the Bureau, our association as lovers ends. However, if you are not accepted I will fly you here and set you up with accommodations and employment."
Ethan shook his head. "I don't need you to house me and give me a job, Max. I can take care of myself. I'm only double-checking that you still want to see me in six months. A lot can change in that time." He sighed, realizing what he was implying. "Not that I think I'll be making that call to you at all. I've worked hard to make myself the best candidate I can be. I'm getting in, Max."
"The Bureau would be losing out on a valuable agent if they passed on you," Max told him, nodding slightly when Ethan looked to him in surprise. "I want you, Ethan, but I am a man who doesn't shy from reality. The odds are I will not be seeing you again."
Ethan didn't know what to say to that. He hoped Max was right, that he did make it into the FBI, but if he did last night would be the last they knew of each other. How can sex with one man suddenly mean so much?
Easy. Because Maxmillian Poole made it more than sex, he made it a life choice. Ethan didn't kid himself: if he hooked up with Max he'd be living in an entirely new world. He might even become a new man. In fact he was sure he would, and that was a scary thought.
He opened the door. Heat buffeted his face before he glanced back at Max. "I'll call you. Either way." Ethan smiled crookedly. "Even if it's to say goodbye."
He waited for Max to extend his hand or better yet, lean forward for a last kiss. But the dark-haired man in the impeccable haircut and the ridiculously expensive suit remained motionless, his blue gaze as unwavering as space. "Farewell, Ethan. I wish you well."
Trying to keep the disappointment from his face, Ethan nodded. "You too, Max."
The driver, Dominic, unloaded his luggage on the sidewalk without a word before climbing back into the car. Ethan ignored his luggage and watched as the black limo pulled from the curve and merged into traffic.
"You're an idiot, Ethan," he muttered to himself. "You could have had one of the wealthiest, sexiest men in Vegas, but you're passing him up for a government job."
He wondered dispiritedly if being stupid was a requirement for joining the FBI, because if it was he was a shoo-in.

~~~~~

Six weeks later...

Bob raised his can of MGD Light and grumbled, "Congrats on escaping, Ethan. Just don't rub it in now that you've got a degree. No one likes a Know-it-All."
Ethan swatted at a fly that was circling his plate of potato salad before he grinned at his friend. "Thanks, Bob. And don't worry: you won't hear a peep out of me about how much more intelligent I am now that it's official and all. I certainly wouldn't compare myself to you."
At the grill, Larry chortled and squished a burger to death with his spatula. "Hell, you don't need a degree as proof that you're smarter than him, Ethan. Pretty much just being able to spell your name gives you a leg up on Bob."
"Bob measures his intelligence in life experience," spoke up the gruff man's wife, Arlene. She patted Bob on his balding head, which made him cringe and forced Ethan to hold back a laugh. "According to that scale he ranks right up there with Newton."
"Book learning won't keep you alive," Bob grumbled in defense. "It's street smarts that keeps your ass out of trouble."
"Eloquently put," remarked Larry's wife, Barbara. The gray-haired woman rolled her eyes before winking at Ethan. "See, you should have skipped college altogether, Ethan. Imagine how much money you would have saved if you'd learned from these old codgers rather than wasted your time at school."
"Honey, then he wouldn't have needed a job from me," Larry reminded his wife in a stage whisper. "Slave labor ain't easy to get around here, you know."
Smiling, Ethan bit into the burger his boss had grilled for him. This entire evening was a gift to him from Larry and Bob and their wives to celebrate his graduation from college. No fancy restaurant, just folding chairs and paper plates in Larry's backyard with plenty of hamburgers and hotdogs, beer from a cooler and the women's different versions of potato salad.
It was simple and heartfelt, and it was what Ethan was used to. As he looked up at the stars overhead he thought of Las Vegas, but only briefly. In a month's time, his experience with Maxmillian Poole in the Bellagio had become more fantasy than memory. Sometimes he wondered if it had even occurred. 
He knew it wouldn't be repeated. Men said things in the heat of sex that they didn't mean, and that was what Max had done with him. He and Max were two very different people. It was foolish to believe their interests and personalities could meld simply because they had good sexual chemistry.
Ethan thought of Max with regret sometimes, mostly at night when he was horny. He'd taken his own temporary vow of abstinence while he waited for the results of his Bureau application, unwilling to risk a hook-up which might jeopardize his chances. It left him masturbating frequently, and the star of his fantasies was invariably a man with dark hair, dark skin and blue Spanish eyes. But the fantasy would remain a fantasy. Max had told him he didn't shy from reality. Well, neither did Ethan. He would never see the owner of the Elite Poole again.
"Speaking of slave labor," Bob began, rubbing a paper napkin in vain over the ketchup he'd dribbled down the front of his shirt, "how long are you staying with us?"
"I applied at the Bureau only last week," Ethan reminded him. "The background and character checks will take a few months. I'll have to undergo another round of interviews and then who knows. You may be stuck with me for another four to six months."
"It's so exciting to know you'll be a real FBI agent," Arlene gushed, her dark eyes wide behind her bifocals. She squeezed her husband's arm. "Bob, you should've entered the FBI. If you'd gone to college, I mean."
Bob snorted and speared several chunks of potato with his plastic fork. "College wasn't for me and neither was government work. Takes a certain kind of schmuck to work for the government." He paused. "No offense, Ethan."
Ethan chuckled. "None taken, Bob."
"They're not all bad," spoke up Larry as he closed the lid on the grill and carried his sagging plate of hotdogs to his chair. The aluminum frame groaned as he sank into it. "I know one guy in the Bureau from my Army days. He's a decent guy. Haven't talked to him for a good five years but he was a good guy when I knew him."
Barbara reached over and affectionately ruffled Ethan's hair. "Ethan's a good boy too. He'll make a wonderful agent."
"Thank you, Barb," Ethan said with a smile for the woman.
"Hey, will you be able to get us out of speeding tickets?" Bob asked around a mouthful of potatoes, his eyes alight with hope.
Ethan shook his head. "No, but next time you rob a bank I might be there to escort you to prison."
Bob scowled. "That doesn't help me at all."

~~~~~

Maxmillian Poole stared at the blinking light on his telephone. The golden red hue of sunset peaked between the buildings outside his office. Grieg played softly over the office speakers. The rest of the Elite Poole agents had already gone home for the day. He sat alone in the building and the city had never felt lonelier to him.
He picked up the phone and pressed the button.
"This is Maxmillian Poole."
"Hey, Maxmillian. Curt, here. I've got the info you wanted on your boy."
Tension seized Max's spine. He picked up his Mont Blanc pen and rolled it between his fingers. "Go on."
"He's gone through the first round of interviews along with the written and practical exams. Polygraph too. The criminal record check has been completed and the first character interviews are scheduled for three weeks from now. I've got the list of names if you're interested."
"Yes," Max said simply.
"Alright, let's see." He listened to the Special Agent perform a few mouse clicks. "First interviews are with John Hartford, a baseball coach at his college... Eleanor Shoof, his personal counselor at that same college... Larry Winnaker, his current employer... and Susan Yardley, listed as a personal friend."
Maxmillian's blood pressure went down. "And the second round?"
"Don't have those yet. Another month, I'd say."
Max hesitated. "Do you have access to his application interviews or his tests?"
The man on the other end of the line laughed. "Sorry, no. Not without some serious rule breaking. I'm doing too much as it is, Maxmillian."
"I understand. Thank you, Curt. I appreciate your assistance."
"So who is this guy, anyway? Why the interest in whether he passes?"
Barely a month and a half had gone by, yet Maxmillian was consumed by the need to see Ethan again. Work, normally the dominating factor in his life, had taken a backseat to uncharacteristic daydreaming. He couldn't remove the other man from his mind.
He had made a deal with the blond, a deal which Maxmillian had regretted ever since. He wasn't a man who normally allowed loop holes. Ethan's application to the FBI was a loop hole large enough for elephants to leap through. I should have convinced him to stay. I shouldn't have allowed him to leave and think it over. It was a rule of business, of salesmanship to close the deal, but he had neglected to apply it when it was most required.
He had given Ethan the time to forget him, and now he was paying the price for it.
"He's a friend," Max replied carefully. "I'm curious as to whether he succeeds."
"Too bad you don't have the power to see that he does, eh?" Curt joked. "Lord knows you have the money to bribe the right people."
Max smiled grimly. "Entrapment, Curt? From you?"
The other man laughed. "Not at all. I'm not that dumb. Just saying you're going to a lot of trouble to find out how your friend does. You care that much if he succeeds?"
"I do," Max confirmed.
Because if Ethan did, Max's life would be as empty as the beautiful building in which he now sat.

~~~~~

Five months later...

Ethan didn't believe in premonitions and he trusted his hunches only as much as the next guy, but when he woke up that Thursday morning he knew that today would be the day he would learn if his fate rested with the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
It was an awareness as inexplicable as déjà vu. The certainty he felt was almost freakish. He dressed in anticipation of a celebratory dinner that evening with his parents. He took an extra moment to study himself in the bathroom mirror, just to let it sink in that today he was a nobody but tomorrow he would be a Special Agent candidate. A chill passed over his skin. Today he faced the metaphorical fork in the road. What happened next would determine the course of the rest of his life.
"Special Agent Ethan Winter," he said to his reflection. He closed his eyes, overwhelmed by excitement and the culmination of years of planning and hard work. He'd done everything right. He had to get in. 
He could imagine the proud looks on his parents' faces and he smiled.
When he walked into Winnaker Security twenty minutes later, both Larry and Bob were at their desks and oddly enough, Ethan could tell they'd sensed that today was the day too.
"You hear from the FBI, yet?" Bob demanded, looking up from his newspaper. "It's been long enough, hasn't it?"
"It's about that time, yeah," Ethan confirmed, sitting down at his desk.
"So how do they tell you?" Larry asked. He had a pencil tucked into his shock of white hair and another pencil held in his hand as if he'd forgotten about the one in his hair. "They call you up or send you a letter, or what? And what do they do if they don't want you?"
Larry's wording made Ethan inwardly flinch, but he shrugged carelessly. "It's not like applying for college. They don't tell you if they rejected you; you just don't hear from them again. As to how you know you're in, I imagine you probably get a letter and a phone call. I'm not really sure, to tell you the truth." 
Bob grunted and disappeared behind his paper. "I guess we're about to find out."
The subtle show of support brightened Ethan's mood even more. He was sure of it, now. Today was The Day.
"If it helps, I contacted my buddy from the Army. The guy I told you about who's in the Bureau now," Larry told Ethan. "He said he'd give me a call if he heard anything."
"Wow, Larry, thanks. That's great of you."
Larry shrugged and waved him off. "All this waiting around is killing me. I need to know when I can hire someone better to take your place."
Ethan smiled and began leafing through his last report.
The call came ten minutes before noon.
Ethan stopped typing out the notes he'd made on his latest surveillance job and watched Larry's face as he spoke on the telephone. The older man's jovial attitude meant it was someone he was friendly with. The glances he kept sending Ethan's way made it clear whom the call was about. Ethan dropped his hands from the keyboard and watched his boss, waiting for the wide grin that suffused Larry's face whenever something good happened.
Except... it didn't appear.
Larry's brow furrowed and Ethan heard him say, "What was that?" Larry listened to the other man speak and although he didn't look up at Ethan, Ethan got the distinct impression that Larry wanted to, but was afraid to.
"Relax," Bob murmured from his desk, his eyes darting between Ethan and Larry. "We don't know anything yet."
"Something's wrong," Ethan breathed. "But how—what could it be? I did everything right, Bob."
"We don't know anything," Bob repeated more firmly. "They could be talking about anything. Maybe his friend couldn't get the info and that's what he's telling Larry."
"Okay," Ethan whispered, willing to believe his friend, wanting to, because the alternative was his dream going down the drain and that he just couldn't take. Please, no. Please let it not be that.
After several more nerve-wracking minutes in which Larry steadfastly refused to look at either of his employees, he ended the call.
"So what'd he say?" Bob blurted as Larry hung up the phone. "Was he able to learn anything about Ethan's application?"
Larry ran a hand over his face, still refusing to look up. "Ethan..."
Ethan spread his hands flat on the surface of his desk. His heart was going to pound out of his chest. He thought he would throw up soon. "Just tell me," he forced out. "Tell me what he said."
Reluctantly, his cheeks mottled with red, Larry raised his eyes to Ethan's. "He said—he said someone sent in a DVD."
The blood drained from Ethan's face. 
"And if by some misfortunate turn of events you are refused entrance to the Academy?"
He could hear Maxmillian Poole laughing all the way from Las Vegas.





8


Ethan yanked open his freezer door and stuck his entire head into it until his cheek nearly touched the Ben and Jerry's Phish Food. The cold rush of misty air against his hot face made him shiver violently.
He was a wreck.
He'd nearly killed himself on the wild drive home. He wasn't even sure how he made it. He couldn't remember seeing a single stop light, turning on streets, or even recall how fast he'd been driving. All that had mattered was getting Max on the phone and he'd failed, reaching the man's voicemail instead. So Ethan had let him have it, his voice shaking with emotion, his eyes blind to everything outside the windshield as he poured out his heart and fury into the phone.
It was a miracle he hadn't killed someone, and that wasn't like him.
He clutched the handle of the freezer door and slumped forward, ashamed of his behavior. He should have remained at the office and calmed down in the bathroom. He shouldn't have run off while his emotions were high. But after Larry broke the news about the video Ethan's brain had short-circuited. He'd stopped thinking, he'd only felt. And all he'd felt was pain, betrayal and shame for who he was. Larry had probably explained everything to Bob by now. Ethan was glad he wasn't there to see their faces.
The heat in his face retreated to mere warmth and he began to notice the sweat cooling on his skin. He leaned back and closed the door. A small calendar—the kind real estate agents mailed out to drum up business—was magnetized to the door. He stared at the Quantico! and smiley face he'd written across the top of the month. This was supposed to be the best month of his life. Now, he hoped he still had a job. He peeled the calendar off the freezer door and tossed it into the trash.
Ever since he was in junior high he'd known what he wanted to be when he grew up. While his classmates declared a new career or profession every other month, he alone had been steadfast in his desire to be a Special Agent. It was as if he was born to the job and was simply waiting for the day to take his rightful position in life.
To lose the job was horrible enough, but to lose it this way—not because he'd failed to prepare or wasn't capable enough but because he'd succumbed to sex—was more than he could take. What would he tell his parents, his friends? Short of lying to their faces he couldn't tell them anything. He had shamed the very thing he loved.
A heavy tread on the stairs leading up to his apartment caught his attention. Reluctantly he returned to the living room and paused. He smiled ruefully. He'd been so out of it he'd neglected to shut the door. Bob stepped onto the landing and froze when he saw Ethan through the open doorway.
"Hey, there, Ethan," he said, shifting awkwardly. "Was, uh, just coming up to check on you."
It pained Ethan to see his friend so tentative with him. For as long as Ethan had worked at Winnaker Investigative Services he'd counted on Bob to be a straight shooter, a man who spoke what was on his mind and rarely apologized for it. Yet here he was, trying to be polite, acting uncomfortable, because of him.
"I'm alright, Bob," he said, giving his best impression of a smile. "You can go back. Tell Larry I'm fine. Thanks for coming out here."
But Bob rubbed his hands down the front of his pants and didn't budge. "You sure you're okay?" he persisted. "You tore out of there so fast—"
Ethan sighed, pained. "Bob, it's okay—"
"Quit the B.S., Ethan, I know the FBI was your dream," the older man continued firmly. Bob's seriousness startled Ethan into silence. "Larry and I always played like we didn't think you had a shot but we were only playing. We knew it was the only thing you wanted. And now you can't get in." Bob pursed his lips. "That can't feel too good."
Ethan tried to swallow around the lump in his throat. "It doesn't. It doesn't feel good at all."
The other man nodded. "You gonna let me in?"
Ethan tried for another smile and failed. He settled with waving at the doorway. "Door's been open the entire time."
A snort was Bob's response, but it sounded enough like the old Bob to slightly loosen the tension that had knotted around Ethan's neck. He closed the door behind the other man and floundered in his own living room.
"Larry told me." Bob paced the room, glanced at Ethan's collection of DVDs and then paced again. "He told me what was on the, uh, video." His fleshy cheeks flushed a mottled red.
Curling his hand around the door knob in case he needed to open it again, Ethan tried to ignore how ashamed he was. The last time he'd felt badly about being gay was when he was a teenager. "I'm sorry. I never meant for you and him to know. I never meant to make you uncomfortable with me."
"Never knew a gay guy," Bob went on, still pacing. "Not personally, I mean. Heard about 'em. Knew friends of friends, that sort of thing. I think a cousin was a lesbo, er, lesbian..." He cleared his throat while Ethan winced at how awful this was. "Had no idea you were—you know."
"Gay," Ethan supplied, miserable.
"Arlene had no idea either, and you'd think a woman would know..." Bob trailed off, his pacing slowing until he'd come to a full stop, facing Ethan. "We had no clue. None of us."
Ethan just nodded. He didn't know what else to say.
"Are you—are you sure?" Bob asked, waving his hands helplessly. "You're a young guy. Maybe you're just experimenting—"
"I'm sure, Bob. I did my experimenting with women a long time ago." Ethan gave a weak laugh. "It didn't work out."
The answer appeared to baffle Bob, but he nodded as if he understood. "So when we were in Vegas—you, uh, didn't go looking for hookers, huh? You met that guy in the video—"
"I had a bad time there," Ethan said bluntly, sighing. "I hooked up with the wrong man. Two of them, apparently. The second one sent that video to the FBI." He let his head drop back against the door. "But in the end, the blame is mine. I was stupid. I was careless. I don't deserve to be an agent if I do things like this."
"Larry said it was a surveillance video. So you didn't know about it until afterwards, right?"
"Yes, but I was still stupid to trust him."
"Is this some sort of blackmail?" Bob asked, eyes narrowing. "Does this guy want something from you? Because if that's what this is, just give me his name and I'll grab some guys and fly back there and bust him up."
Ethan blinked. "You—you'd do that? For me?"
"Larry and I talked about it," Bob told him gruffly. "You're a good guy. You wanted to protect your country. I gotta admire that, even if I'd never go for a government job myself." He looked down briefly, almost as if he were embarrassed. "You're my friend. I wouldn't be much of one if I walked away after learning you don't like women, now would I? Seems kinda shallow. Larry agrees. He would have been here to say so himself but he couldn't leave the office." He waved at Ethan's body. "We're okay with what you are. It doesn't change anything. It won't change how we treat you. 'Course, you can't go nuts with it. I don't know how I'd feel if you started bringing boyfriends to the office and such." He grimaced.
Ethan's laugh was an explosion of trapped air. "I'd never do that to you. Honestly, I wouldn't."
"Didn't think you would," Bob admitted. He palmed his balding head. "So, you never answered my question: is this whole thing some kinda blackmail by the guy in Vegas?"
It would be nice to say yes, and let Bob and his buddies teach Maxmillian Poole a lesson. Only, Ethan was confident it wouldn't turn out the way he envisioned in his head. Max was too powerful. Bob would end up paying for it for the rest of his life and that couldn't happen. He had a wife and kids to support.
No, this was a matter between him and Max. Or at least, it was.
"It doesn't matter, Bob. It's done. I'm never going back there." Ethan's heart settled somewhere in the vicinity of his shoes. "I'll stay at Winnaker for as long as Larry will have me. I'll continue modeling on the side." He forced a smile. "Heck, I'll be able to date openly now. It'll be fine. Everything will be fine. You've done enough for me already, Bob, just by remaining my friend."
"There's gotta be a way around this," the older man said hopefully. "Couldn't you apply to another agency? Or hell, Ethan, you could work for a big company downtown. This isn't the end for you, you know. You're so young..."
But I've screwed up so badly it doesn't matter how young I am. Discretion is the most important attribute an agent can have, and I've shown I have none.
"I'll work out something," Ethan assured him. It appeared there was one other thing he was apparently good at, and that was lying to his friends. "I'll be fine."
"You're blowing sunshine up my ass but I know how you feel," Bob grumbled. "You're hurting now, but it won't be that bad tomorrow." The wisdom imparted by Bob was Ethan's second greatest surprise of the day. "The day after tomorrow it'll be a little better. And the day after that even better still. We all had dreams," Bob said, his voice dropping and tinged with wistfulness. Ethan wondered what his friend had once hoped for, and what had ended that hope. "When we lose them we make new ones. There's always something new to dream about, Ethan. There's always something worth holding out for."
"I can't think of what that could be," Ethan told him truthfully, "but I'm willing to believe you. I can't do anything else."
After an awkward false start, Bob moved forward and clapped Ethan on the shoulder. "It'll work out. You got friends here, Ethan. We'll help you make the best of it."
Gratitude wasn't a strong enough word to describe what Ethan felt then. He couldn't believe he had ever considered leaving here to live in Las Vegas.

~~~~~

Maxmillian escorted his date through the noisy press of theater-goers exiting the Venetian Casino's showroom and heaved a discreet sigh of boredom. They'd attended the opening night performance of the Phantom of the Opera and he had been thoroughly disappointed. Then again he was comparing this performance to that of Michael Crawford's as the Phantom in London, where Max had first seen the musical. He should have expected an inferior production here in Vegas.
"Maxmillian, do you think we could try a few minutes at Pai Gow?" asked his companion for the night, Elizabeth Channing, the beautiful star of a dance show soon to premiere at New York, New York. She pointed at a gaming table where an open seat beckoned. "Just a few hands?"
"Of course," he agreed, glad there was only one chair available. He wasn't much of a gambler and would prefer to watch. He guided her to the table and pushed in her seat for her. As she bought in for a hundred dollars he stepped back into the nearest bank of slot machines and turned on his cell phone to check for messages.
He'd spent the entirety of the day squiring Miss Channing around town. It was a publicity opportunity for them both, so they'd taken advantage by lunching at Picasso and dining at SW Steakhouse. Window shopping had been done at the Forum Shops where, coincidentally, new advertising was being erected to announce the opening of Miss Channing's show. 
Maxmillian had kept his phone off and left only his pager on so his secretary Kimberlyn could contact him in case of emergencies. She’d paged him and told him he had a call he needed to respond to. However after listening to his voicemail announce a call from an Indiana area code he regretted not clarifying which emergencies were worth contacting him about.
"Hello, Max. Guess who this is? I bet you've been expecting this call. I bet you've been gloating all month, waiting for the other shoe to drop."
Maxmillian frowned, bewildered by the sarcasm and vehemence in Ethan's voice.
"I never would have expected this from you. You, the great Maxmillian Poole, who wouldn't dare get his hands dirty. So maybe you didn't do it yourself but you were responsible for it. You even warned me you'd do it, but I was too stupid to understand.
"I understand now. I understand that you stabbed me in the back because what you want is more important than what I want. Well, fuck you, Max. Fuck you and Las Vegas and all your power plays and mind games. What did you think would happen? That I wouldn't guess it was you and that I'd pack up and move in with you like a good little boy?"
Maxmillian pressed the phone harder against his ear. Miss Channing waved at him from the table and he waved back distractedly but didn't take a step towards her.
"I liked you, Max. Hell, I was infatuated with you. But not any longer. You're no better than Jonathan. In fact, you're worse."
The message ended but Maxmillian continued to hold the phone to his ear. Worse than Jonathan. The idea was preposterous and made his hands sweat. He mentally ran through a list of possible scenarios to explain Ethan's inexplicable message. One came to mind, and it made his fingers tighten around the phone.
He dialed his contact in the FBI, Special Agent Curt Dunning.
"Maxmillian," the other man greeted him. "I was going to give you a call tomorr—"
"What happened with his application?" Max demanded. "Why was it rejected?"
He ground his teeth through the pause on the other end of the line. 
"Someone sent a DVD to the Vegas field office," Curt said at last. "It showed your friend performing a homosexual act. The Bureau has a non-discrimination policy, but you know how it is, Maxmillian. He's a security risk. Field work is out but he could apply again for a support position."
"Support," Max repeated with disgust.
"Yeah, you know—lab tech, fingerprinting analysis—"
"Typing," he said quietly.
His friend fell silent for a long moment. "I'm sorry. It was looking good until this video came in. That deep-sixed him completely. I can't do anything."
Screams of elation erupted from the dice table. Maxmillian gave the gamblers a scathing look. "You said it was sent to the Vegas office."
"Yes. I didn't ask if it came in anonymously. Want me to check on it?"
"Don't bother." The edges of Max's vision burned red. "I know who sent it."

~~~~~

Grieg's Piano Concerto in A minor played softly over the speakers in Maxmillian's office as he studied the numbers and names on his computer screen. It was nearing 1:00 AM but he was wide awake. He had work to complete.
On the screen was a list of the known clients of Peerless Security, Jonathan Wilder's company. The list was limited to the high-profile or large accounts that Peerless had managed to take from Elite and which comprised at least ninety percent of Peerless' income. On a separate screen was the lease agreement Peerless had with the owner of the building in which it operated. These were all the numbers Maxmillian required to correct a great injustice.
He studied the numbers a moment longer, making mental calculations in his head, and then shut off the monitor. The lights in the office blinked out silently as he let himself out and left the building.
Jonathan lived in the shadow of the MGM Grand in a high rise Maxmillian sincerely doubted the man could afford. The monthly Home Owners' Association fees alone were nearly nine hundred dollars. But it was a ritzy address and it rivaled Maxmillian's own home, and so Jonathan could not pass it by. Competition had been a huge factor in their relationship and it continued, even if their relationship did not.
He nodded thanks at the doorman and strode to the elevators, riding them up to the tenth floor. He stared resolutely at the metal walls, trying to shake off the bad memories that the sight and smell of this place engendered. He had vowed never to step foot here again, and now he remembered why he had made that promise to himself. Everything about Jonathan Wilder bothered him, including the man's home.
At 1024, he pressed the buzzer and waited calmly. He didn't care if Jonathan was asleep; he wouldn't leave until he'd settled this once and for all. After another minute of waiting the door opened. A wary Jonathan stood in the crack of the doorway.
"What are you doing here?" he demanded softly of Max.
"I refuse to discuss anything with you while standing in the hall," Max replied crisply.
"Are you armed?"
Maxmillian smiled thinly. "Yes. However, I don't need a weapon to hurt you. Let me in."
Scowling, Jonathan opened the door fully. A silver Dior robe hung from his shoulders, unbelted, so that Max had an unwanted view of the other man's naked genitals. 
"Your threat is hardly an incentive," Jonathan drawled, "but you have me curious. Step inside, Maxmillian. I suppose I shouldn't hope that this is your version of a booty call?"
Lip curling at the slang and the suggestion, Maxmillian walked past the other man, careful not to make any contact. "Hardly."
Chuckling, Jonathan shut the door and followed him into the living room. He rubbed a palm over his hair-covered chest. "No need to be embarrassed, Maxmillian. I figured it was a matter of time until the itch struck and you—"
Maxmillian punched him in the face. He watched the other man stagger backwards, clutching his mouth. 
"You deserve more than that," Max growled, rubbing the knuckles of his punching hand, "but that would be sinking lower than even you are worth."
Jonathan straightened, still cupping a hand over his mouth. His eyes were bright. "Why the hell does he mean that much to you? He's a kid from the fucking Bible belt. He probably fucks sheep when he can't get a date."
"It doesn't matter where he's from, you took away his dream!" Max snarled. "When did you turn into that kind of man, Jonathan? When did you turn into the type of man that I loathe?"
To his surprise, hurt twisted Jonathan's face. If there was one thing he never expected to see from his ex-lover it was an admission of pain. They were two alphas. Weakness wasn't something they bared willingly to each other.
Jonathan dropped his hand and licked his split lip. "You went celibate because of me. I guess my ego wanted you to remain that way forever." He gave a harsh laugh. "A man wants to leave an impression, after all. Even if it's a negative one."
The response disgusted Max, but it also made him pity the other man. His anger left him. He only wanted to conclude his business and leave.
"You're obsessed with a relationship that has been dead for years. If it hadn't been him it would have been someone else," Max told him, although in his heart he seriously doubted it. Ethan Winter had been the only man to stir him in years. "I came here tonight because I want to put an end to this game." He withdrew a check and handed it to the other man.
Jonathan studied it with a wrinkled brow. "What is this?"
"I think you know."
"You're buying me out?" Jonathan gaped at him. "Are you serious?"
"That's triple what Peerless netted last year. You're leasing your offices and your equipment is negligible. It's a generous offer and you're accepting it, Jonathan."
The other man squared his shoulders. "And if I don't?"
Max studied his new Bulgari watch and said casually, "Then I'll turn over to the FBI the letter of blackmail you sent to Mr. Winter. I'm sure that won't affect business too greatly."
"Wha—I never sent him a blackmail letter!" Jonathan sputtered.
"Odd, I seem to have one in my possession, along with a confession from my newly hired temp secretary who admitted that they'd accepted a generous job offer from you in exchange for a burnt copy of my security video feed."
"He wouldn't have told you anything," Jonathan spat, his face dark red.
Max regarded him curiously. "So you're aware that this secretary is a man." 
He could hear the ticking of his watch as they continued to stare at each other. Jonathan broke first, dropping his gaze to the check he held.
"This is your answer for everything, isn't it? Money to cover your sins, just as your parents used it to cover their responsibilities for you."
Max stiffened, but he kept his expression neutral. He brushed imaginary lint from the lapel of his suit coat. "Take the money, Jonathan. This city holds nothing but bad memories for you. Your reputation is already stained. Leaving will only benefit you. With that money you could retire if you chose to live modestly."
"Too bad you developed my taste for the finer things," Jonathan muttered bitterly, but his hand closed around the check. He walked to the chaise at the end of his sofa and dropped onto it, staring out the window overlooking the Strip. "I never would have done it if he hadn't humiliated me like that. I'm not that kind of man. You know that, Maxmillian."
Anger raced through Max's veins. He felt it throbbing in his temple. "But you did do it, and it was an unforgivable act."
Jonathan winced and looked down at the check again. "Yeah. I suppose it was." He turned his head, his eyes roaming over Max from head to toe. "I'm surprised that I did it. But in a way, I know exactly why I did it. We may not be together but I don't want to see you with someone else. After all these years, I sometimes miss what we had. I have so many regrets—"
"I don't want to hear it," Max cut him off sharply, turning on his heel and walking to the door. "We're finished and we will remain that way. The sooner you accept that the happier you'll be." He paused at the door and allowed his voice to drop. "Leave Nevada, Jonathan. Don't give me a reason to pursue this and ruin you, because I will if I must. It's over. I'll have my attorney contact you in the morning. Goodnight."
"But how can you afford this?" Jonathan called out as Max shut the door behind him.
Max smiled without mirth as he headed for the elevator. The truth was that he would be taking out loans to finance the offer but he didn't regret the need to do so. No amount was too high to close this chapter of his life and begin a new one with a man from Indiana.
He only hoped it wasn't too late to do so.

~~~~~

"Want another doughnut, Ethan?" Larry waved the last jelly-filled at him. "You're welcome to have it."
Ethan smiled and shook his head. "I'm good. Go ahead and take it."
"You sure?"
Sighing, Ethan nodded. "Yeah. It's yours."
"It's raspberry," Larry coaxed. "Isn't that your favorite?"
Ethan bit his lip and said nothing.
Shrugging, Larry stuffed the doughnut between his teeth and sauntered back to his desk. It had been this way all morning, with Larry and Bob bending over backwards to show that they were okay with Ethan being gay and that they sympathized with his rejection from the Bureau. Ethan had wanted to tell them to cut it out, he wasn't made of glass, but in the end he'd said nothing. He did feel made of glass. Or worse, he felt like something made of tape and string, waiting to fall apart.
"Good photos from the Anderson case," Larry told him through a mouthful of dough. "Real cut and dried."
"I caught them having sex behind a Qwik-E Mart," Ethan said dryly. "Wasn't too difficult."
"Still good pictures," Larry mumbled. "Bob would've shot them out of focus."
Instead of shooting back a retort as he usually did whenever Larry ribbed him, Bob just nodded amiably. "Probably."
Inwardly groaning, Ethan counted the hours until this day was over.
Last night was mostly a blur thanks to several beers and a back-to-back movie marathon that had succeeded in keeping his mind off of reality. Looking back on it now, he'd been pretty pathetic last night because after everything that had happened he'd kept his phone in his lap, hoping Max would call.
Why? he asked himself for the tenth time that morning. Why did anything Max have to say mean anything, anymore? Would an explanation change anything? Would an apology?
No, and no. But as Ethan rubbed at his eyes he couldn't help feeling that at least either one would give him closure. Without contact from Max he felt cut adrift. Aimless. He was without a goal or a direction for the first time in his life and it was a scary feeling. Being able to hate Max or plot revenge against him would give him a purpose, however ignoble it might be.
He kept his eyes closed as the bell on the front door jingled. Ethan hoped one of the other men dealt with whoever had walked in. He was about ready to ask to go home early.
"Can I help you, sir?" Larry spoke up with an odd note of deference in his voice that Ethan couldn't recall hearing from him before.
"Thank you, no. I'm here to speak with Mr. Winter."
The world slowed and stopped. Ethan waited to be flung off but he remained frozen where he sat, his heart galloping wildly in contrast. He didn't want to open his eyes but he did.
Max stared back, his handsome face expressionless. "Hello, Ethan. I believe you and I need to have a discussion."
It was surreal to find Maxmillian Poole—dressed spectacularly in a dark charcoal suit and black shirt and tie—standing in the middle of the dumpy office of Winnaker IS. Ethan nearly felt compelled to find a duster and hastily brush off any dirt from the office that may have fallen on Max's polished shoes. The man didn't belong here. 
He especially didn't belong in Ethan's life.
"Get out," Ethan said in a low voice. "I don't want to see you."
Max's expression didn't alter. "I'd hoped to buy you lunch. We need to talk, Ethan. I'm not leaving until we do."
Ethan hated himself that moment nearly as much as he hated Max, because seeing the black-haired man brought back all the feelings he'd experienced in the room in the Bellagio. All the lust, the need, the passion—they rushed through Ethan's veins like a drug, lighting every nerve on fire and making him yearn for what he knew he shouldn't want.
"Get out," he repeated, trying to keep the desperation out of his voice. He should have felt nothing but pure fury for this man but that wasn't the case and it frightened him. He couldn't be that weak. He just couldn't. Yet the longer he looked into Max's compelling gaze the more Ethan wanted to slide to his knees and forgive the other man for everything. Seeing Max again drove home the truth: this man was too classy to do what Ethan had accused him of doing. There was no way Max had sent in the video.
"Is this him?"
Startled, Ethan looked over as Bob rose from his chair. The stocky man's hands were balled into fists at his sides, his eyes darting from Ethan to Max. "Is this the one from Vegas?" he demanded. "The one who did it to you?"
The wording might have been funny under different circumstances but Ethan realized Bob was on the verge of tackling Max right there in the office.
"No," he said quickly, rising too. "It's alright, Bob. This isn't him. It's a misunderstanding."
"You don't sound too pleased to see him here," Bob pointed out, suspicious. Ethan was alarmed to see Larry stand up too.
"I'll go," he told Max. "Let's go."
"Ethan, don't go anywhere with this guy that you don't want to," Larry chipped in uncertainly.
How he'd gotten such wonderful, protective friends Ethan had no idea, but right now he worried this confrontation would escalate into violence.
"It's okay, guys," he assured them as he came around his desk to join Max. "Really. Max is a friend. I'll be back in half an hour."
Bob didn't look pleased. "Give us a call if you need anything."
"Absolutely," Ethan said. He grabbed Max by the arm. "Let's go."
Half-expecting a limo to be waiting outside, Ethan was surprised to find a zippy red convertible parked in front of the office. "Your rental?" he asked Max as the other man unlocked the doors.
"I do know how to drive," Max replied drolly.
Frowning, Ethan climbed in and buckled up as Max steered them out of the parking lot.
He was glad for the topless car. He felt less trapped with Max. Less intimidated.
"Your friends are protective," Max remarked. "I'm glad for that."
"They saw me hurt yesterday," Ethan shot back. "I think they've had their fill of it."
Max's lips tightened.
"So why are you here?" Ethan pressed. "I explained how I feel about you in my message."
"I listened to it and I agree you have every right to feel that way," Max replied, glancing at him. "However, you made the mistake in assuming that it was I who sent in that video. I would never do such a thing to win you. 'Winning' you that way would be losing you. You would forever resent me for taking away a life opportunity."
"If not you, then who?" 
Even as he asked the question though, Ethan knew the answer. He slumped back in his seat as the truth hit. "It was Jonathan, wasn't it?"
Max nodded. "He bribed one of my temps for a copy of the security video from that night." Max steered them onto a road that would take them out of the city. "I'm sorry that he did such a thing, Ethan. I can't help but feel responsible. His issue was with me, but he found it convenient to target you."
"He ruined my life," Ethan said, numb.
"He did nothing of the sort," Maxmillian argued. "Your life hasn't ended because you missed out on a job opportunity, Ethan. Work is not life."
"It is for you."
"Perhaps it was," Max admitted slowly. "But I don’t wish it to remain that way." When he glanced askance again, their eyes met. "It's why I'm here, Ethan. I would like you to return to Las Vegas with me."
Ethan closed his eyes and let the sun caress his face. In another few miles he would smell the countryside. 
"So it's happening just like you hoped, isn't it? You can't be too disappointed that your ex did what he did to me."
"On the contrary," Max bit out. "What he did was unforgivable. Because I can never forgive him for it I've removed him from my sight and from my city. If you return to Las Vegas with me you will never see him again either."
That brought Ethan's eyes open again. "What does that mean? I don't understand."
"I bought Jonathan's business, effectively buying him. Once the money is transferred into his account he will leave the state of Nevada. You needn't fear running into him again."
"You bought him out?" Ethan couldn't comprehend such a thing. "How much did something like that cost?"
Max's lips twitched. "More than you are undoubtedly imagining. But I consider it money well-spent if it satisfies you."
"You didn't do it for me," Ethan protested.
Max's sapphire gaze latched onto him. "Oh, but I did, Ethan. And there is little else I wouldn't do for you, if you but asked it of me."
Ethan didn't know what to say. The first tendrils of shame began to unwind in him over how quickly he'd jumped to conclusions yesterday. Now that emotion didn't rule him it seemed ridiculous to think that Maxmillian Poole would resort to trickery to win his attentions. The man was nothing but class. He was too proud to rely on anything other than his own magnetism to drawn Ethan in.
And if it was true that he had bought Jonathan's business just to get rid of the man so he wouldn't cause them any more trouble—it would be the most amazing thing anyone had ever done for Ethan.
He squinted against the sun to better see Max's profile. "What do you want from me? What happens to me if I move to Las Vegas?"
"You will come work at the Elite Poole. If you prove inadequate for the job we will find you other employment. But I doubt," Max added with a smirk, "that will be an issue."
Ethan cracked a hesitant smile. "And where will I live? With you?"
"If you wish. Or, if you prefer, I will help put you up in suitable housing."
Ethan turned sideways. "Which would you prefer?"
A hand with manicured fingers settled on Ethan's thigh. "I would prefer that you share my bed every night," Max said in a deeper voice. "Living with me would make that easier to accomplish."
"So you want me for sex." Ethan tried to sound sarcastic but the intrigue he felt over the idea ruined the effect.
Blue eyes seared him where he sat. "I desire you for sex and companionship. I hardly think that's a crime, Ethan." His lips twitched. "Although admittedly some of the kinds of sex I have in mind might be considered illegal in some states."
Ethan felt himself begin to grow erect. "No one's ever wanted to have sex with me so badly they'd spend money for the privilege."
"I've spent hundreds of thousands of dollars for this particular privilege," Max husked. "And I intend to get my money's worth out of you." His hand slid between Ethan's legs and massaged his hardening cock. "A thousand dollars a fuck, Ethan. I hope you don't become sore too easily because I plan to use you thoroughly."
Covering Max's hand with his own, Ethan allowed his head to tilt back. "So I'll be working my debt off to you through sex," he breathed. "Will that make me your sex slave?"
"It had better," Max murmured, squeezing Ethan. "You will address me as Master while I fuck you and you will beg me for everything you want."
Ethan moaned. "I think—I think we should head to my place before we crash."
Max growled, "You forgot to say, 'Master'."






9


Fingers dug into the skin of Ethan's hips as Max shifted, spreading his knees to open them both. The move took Ethan's weight off of his bent knees and shifted it to where he sat balanced on Max's lap, impaled on the other man's thick cock.
They'd managed to make it home in one piece despite Ethan's overwhelming desire to give the other man a blowjob while Max was driving. After entering his apartment, Ethan had given an embarrassed, cursory tour of his modest dwelling but he hadn't had to suffer long because Max had been more intent on getting them out of their clothes and into intimate contact.
Ethan turned his head to gaze into the full-length mirror on the back of his bedroom door. Max had positioned them sideways on the carpet to maximum visual effect. Ethan traced the lines of his body—at his legs bent up alongside Max's and his cock arcing away from his body like an extension of Max's where it was buried in his ass. Max had pulled Ethan's tied arms back behind the darker man's neck and it stretched Ethan out, his spine arching and his chest pushing out while his hips nestled into Max's. It was an erotic position and Ethan panted with lust as he looked at how they fit together, Max a dark 'L' of muscle and flesh behind him, Ethan a sweat-sheened, golden reversed 'C' straddling his lap.
"A little deeper?" Max murmured, playing his lips across the top of Ethan's shoulder. "You seem to enjoy being filled to your limit."
Ethan groaned around the gag stuffing his mouth. His hands flexed against the silk tie wrapped around his wrists. He used his position—bound arms pulled up and over his head and draped around Max's neck—to pull the other man closer. 
Max lifted his hips, penetrating even further. He smiled against Ethan's skin. "Yes, you like to be filled. A man inside your body makes you feel very submissive, doesn't it, Ethan?"
Heat flared across Ethan's cheeks and his nipples constricted into pebbled points. He lowered his head, trying to hide his face.
"No need to be shy," Max whispered, using his fingers to tilt Ethan's chin up. "I'm pleased that you feel this way."
Embarrassed but oddly proud, Ethan nodded and took a calming breath. He was what he was. Pretending otherwise was silly. He may as well enjoy it.
Max seemed to.
"But being submissive is not all you enjoy." Max brushed the fingers of his other hand cross Ethan's heaving stomach. His hand drifted upwards, fingers barely touching skin. When he came to one of Ethan's nipples he plucked at the tip. "For you, submission means sacrificing your ability to protect yourself from pain. You are an interesting study in opposites, Ethan: a man who can use a gun and is trained to subdue, yet who enjoys pain and being placed at the mercy of another."
Ethan understood this about himself but he'd long ago given up trying to figure out how he could be two different people inside. It relieved him that Max was aware of it. Ethan didn't want his sexual preferences to lead to him being viewed as a weak man or inferior to men who liked to top.
"You and this beautiful body will be a joy to explore," Max assured him. He released the nipple and chuckled when Ethan sighed with disappointment.
Reaching around to stroke Ethan's quivering cock, he said in a low voice, "I am aware of the sensations you crave and the mindset you would like to reach. I know how to give these things to you. But you must give things to me in return."
Ethan nodded his head desperately. Giving to Max was something he wanted too. He yearned to serve the other man.
Max rubbed his thumb over the slick head of Ethan's cock. "Easy," he murmured when Ethan whimpered and bucked. "You must learn control if you are going to become my lover. Otherwise I will need to punish you every time we do this, and believe it or not your masochism may not always appreciate it."
He held Ethan down by the hips and pushed up into him as Ethan moaned helplessly. "No," Max husked, his cock deliberately flexing within Ethan, "not all punishments lead to fulfillment—or to my pleasure—and that is the cruelest punishment of all for a submissive man like you."
He fucked Ethan wordlessly for several minutes, the movements slow and thorough, relentlessly stimulating Ethan's prostate. Ethan had expected fast and furious after the teasing in the car but this slow smolder was rapidly breaking down his body's resistance. He'd been hard for a half an hour. He needed to come.
"Can you be obedient for me?" Max whispered in his ear. With one hand on Ethan's hip and the other leisurely stroking Ethan's cock, Max rolled his hips upward, shifting his cock slowly in and out. "Are you capable of submitting to me every day and every night, Ethan?"
"Yes," he tried to say through his gag. It came out as a garbled moan.
Max thumbed the slit of Ethan's cock while he continued to push and withdraw at a leisurely pace, moving them in a gentle undulation. "I am a demanding man, Ethan. I expect the best from my employees and my friends. And from you I will expect everything: access to your body whenever I wish it, access to your mind, your thoughts. Your emotions. I desire your surrender."
Ethan sighed and let his head drop back, showing with his body that he was ready and willing to surrender every bit of himself to Max.
"Just like this," Max murmured with approval as he sucked at the junction of Ethan's neck and shoulder. "Sex every day, sometimes more often than that. Sex that leaves you shaken and unable to speak. Sex that leaves you too sore to walk. You will have sex with a man who will learn your body and how to answer its needs the way even you don't know."
Ethan clenched his teeth around the gag in his mouth and shuddered. He wanted everything Max described and more. He'd had long-term lovers before but no one who'd known him down to his core.
"Your submission makes me hard," Max groaned, his voice deepening and his hands tightening. He opened his mouth and bit at Ethan's shoulder as he began to thrust deeper. "It makes me ache to possess you. I fantasize about dominating you, about making you lose control in inappropriate places. I want a life in Las Vegas in which I spend my nights fucking you and pushing your boundaries..."
His speech dissolved into a hungry, desperate growl. Ethan moaned out his agreement and writhed upon Max, wanting to be fucked stupid and blind.
Max's hand moved swiftly up and down his cock, curving over the sensitive tip and squeezing at the base. Ethan's breath hitched. His spine arched into a taut semi-circle. Max thrust faster and harder until he began to physically lift Ethan off of him with every upsurge. Their hips met with a wet smacking noise, punctuating the whimpers and moans Ethan let slip from around his gag.
"Don't come," Max gasped against his ear. "Show me you can obey me even when it hurts. Control yourself, Ethan. Suffer for me."
Ethan groaned in misery. His face was ablaze and his entire body trembled from the sensations spreading from where Max pierced him. Each time Max penetrated him it made his own cock jump in the other man's hand. His balls were tight and full, eager to release their payload, but he gnashed on the soaking gag in his mouth and fought the release his body screamed for.
He moaned in desperation as Max filled him with his hard cock again and again. He cried out and twisted uselessly when Max released his hold on his hip to reach up and play with his sensitive nipples.
"Don't come," Max repeated, his own voice rough with lust. He twisted a nipple and squeezed Ethan's cock, hissing with pleasure when both made Ethan jerk in reaction. "Suffer for me, Ethan. Savor the pain... imagine the ecstasy when I let you go."
That and the maddening desire to please Max were the only things keeping Ethan from losing it. His body was one big clenched muscle waiting to collapse. He'd been forced to the edge before but this was more than that—this was tumbling over and hanging on by a fingernail.
Shuddering, he listened to Max's breathing turn ragged. He whimpered in sympathy as the other man's breath suddenly caught as if startled. Max's teeth sank into his shoulder and as Ethan yelled from the pain, he barely heard the groaned, "Follow me, Ethan."
He didn't even make a conscience decision to let go; his body made it for him. His hips stabbed forward, drilling his cock into Max's palm before he came in sharp, explosive bursts. He felt Max's hands on his chest and stomach, massaging him through the violent convulsions wracking his body. Max kissed above and below the gag bisecting Ethan's face as his head collapsed backwards, too heavy to keep upright. His body jerked a handful more times until he had nothing left in his body to release. Then he sank down on Max in exhaustion and breathed heavily through his nose.
While Ethan's cum was still warm on his belly and thighs, Max eased them onto their sides and gently withdrew. He untied Ethan's wrists and removed the gag to bestow a wet kiss. He left Ethan long enough to retrieve a damp towel and cleaned them both before returning to the carpet where they lay side by side.
Max's voice was a deep, satisfied rumble. "Did I please you?"
"I-I liked being tied and gagged," Ethan admitted in a low voice, glad they weren't face to face because he could feel his own flushing with heat.
"Good, because I enjoy tying you and gagging you," Max replied. "Our tastes are agreeably compatible."
"So this is still going to happen?" Ethan rubbed his palms over the carpeted floor as he stared at the ceiling in wonder. "You want me to move to Vegas and live and work with you?" 
"I would have flown here merely to apologize to you but yes, I had hoped to also entice you to return home with me." Max lifted his right leg and draped it over Ethan's left in a move Ethan found wonderfully possessive. "We did discuss this possibility six months ago."
Ethan's chest deflated at the reminder. "Yeah, we did. I didn't think it would happen though. I'd hoped not." When he realized how that sounded he quickly added, "I mean the not getting into the FBI part, not the being with you part."
"I understand. And I regret that these are the circumstances under which our relationship must begin."
"It's okay," Ethan said absently, trying to look ahead to what might await him in Vegas. "Maybe this is fate. Maybe I was never meant to be in the FBI. Maybe I was always meant to be in Las Vegas."
"Perhaps, although I do not believe in fatalism. Your success or failure is a direct result of your hard work and discipline, or lack thereof. If you conquer Las Vegas it will be because you were competent enough to do so, not because it was inevitable."
Ethan smiled crookedly. "You're a real workhorse, aren't you? Should I be jealous of your job? You know: that old, work is a mistress thing?"
Max's fingers skated over Ethan's limp cock. "I’m not interested in mistresses, only in obedient men."
A thrill shot through Ethan. "Lucky for us, then."
The dark hairs on Max's calf tangled with the golden hairs on Ethan's shin as Max rubbed his leg up and down. "What happened with Jonathan and your application cannot be reversed. I have pulled all the strings at my disposal. But I want you to know that once you are with me, nothing similar will ever befall you. I will protect you with every resource available to me, which is considerable. You will need only to concentrate on your work for the agency and in fine tuning your relationship with me."
For how long? Ethan wanted to ask. Do you realize if you take me with you I'll be ending a life I've built here?
"If I offer you a new life," Max went on as if he'd read Ethan's thoughts, "I know I will be changing more than your address. I'll be introducing you to a lifestyle you might never achieve on your own. I'll remake you, Ethan, into a man who finds pleasure in capitalism, indulgence and hedonism. I'll turn you into a man who cannot live without these things and without me. Displays of wealth will no longer amaze you. Succumbing to my desires, no matter how intense or demanding will become second nature. Is that something you want? Is it something you need?"
A life of capitalism, indulgence and hedonism? Ethan didn't fully comprehend what that kind of life would be like. His parents both worked, but they were only middle class. The neighborhood where he'd grown up in was average, only the very largest houses selling for more than a couple hundred thousand. Life as a kid there had been simple and typical for the Bible belt.
When he'd turned sixteen he hadn't been able to afford a car. When he attended college he'd done so on scholarships and by working at Winnaker. He didn't have any experience with a life of wealth and luxury beyond what he'd seen in the media. Was it what he wanted?
"What you're describing—I don't need any of it," he admitted slowly. "But if that's what it takes to be with you I'll learn what I need to. I'd only come to Vegas to be with you, Max. That's all that matters to me. I'm not a gold digger."
"I didn't suggest that you are." Max turned onto his side, propped on one elbow, and ran his finger down the center of Ethan's chest, stopping just above his heart. "I imagine a concern of yours might be what will happen if I were to lose interest in you. While I don't anticipate that occurring, one must be practical."
Ethan's lips twitched at Max's speech. "What do you have in mind? A pre-nup?"
Max caught the amusement in his voice and smiled slightly. "I prefer the term 'gentlemen's agreement'. In essence, if things should not work out between us and I no longer desire your company or vice versa, I will issue you a check for fifty thousand dollars to compensate you for your time and relocation expenses."
Ethan pushed up onto his elbows and gaped at him. "Fifty—fifty thousand dollars? But I'll be working and earning my own income while I'm in Vegas. It's not like I'll be sitting around spending all your money, Max. Your offer makes no sense."
"It also will not be an issue, which is why I extended it." Max smirked. "I don't make capricious decisions, Ethan. You'll learn that soon, I hope."
Ethan collapsed onto his back again and laughed. "If I were smart I'd bang you for a couple of months and then dump you for the money. Why aren't you worried I'll do that?"
A shadow fell over his face as Max leaned over him. "Because I believe you’re smarter than that," the black-haired man replied, allowing Ethan to pull his face down for a kiss. "If money and possessions are your goal, you will earn more and be gifted with more if you suffer my companionship for as long as you are able, rather than 'banging' me and dumping me."
"Mmm, you did say you wanted me to suffer," Ethan murmured, nipping at Max's bottom lip. "I may have to be nice and give you what you want."
"What I want will be considerable," Max warned, sliding his tongue briefly between Ethan's lips. "I will not settle for less than all of you."
Ethan studied him curiously. "Are you really sure you want me this badly? You barely know me and look how much you've done—are doing—for me. Isn't this moving really fast?"
He waited as Max stilled above him. Mentally, Ethan kicked himself. He had a gorgeous, rich man willing to take care of him and give him the best sex of his life yet here he was trying to talk the guy out of it. I really need my head checked.
But he had to do it. Nothing would be worse than packing up his life in Indiana only to have Max change his mind once they reached Vegas.
Tense, he met Max's indigo gaze. "I just want to make sure we aren't making a mistake," he said plainly. "I'm the first man you've been with in years and I'm not enough of a jerk to take advantage of that for my own gains." He sighed. "I'm not normally this much of a Boy Scout but this is—well, it's a huge thing. I don't want us to turn this into something ugly." He looked away. "I've had enough of ugly."
A hand on his face turned it back. "I am not a boy recovering from a relationship that broke my heart," Max told him quietly. "I chose to abstain after Jonathan because he had turned me off of what I enjoy. I decided to wait to sleep with someone until I met a man who reminded me how pleasurable intimacy can be. This will not become something ugly. Ugliness arises from emotion turned sour, and our attraction to each other is based on sexual attraction, not love."
"And if that changes?" Ethan asked, staring straight into Max's eyes.
But Max didn't flinch. "Business has taught me never to say no prematurely, but I am not looking for a life partner, Ethan. I am looking for a companion for sex. I am willing to make your life as comfortable as possible in exchange for that."
A pang of something—regret? fear?—echoed through Ethan's chest. "I told you I'm not a hooker."
"We are all prostitutes," Max replied. "The shame isn't in selling yourself but in selling yourself for less than you are worth." Max searched Ethan's face. "You will want for nothing while you're with me. You will be prized, Ethan, the way few men are. Being my companion will not be shameful or degrading." He smirked. "As I have it planned, life by my side will have quite a few perks you may appreciate." He slid a hand across Ethan's groin and palmed him, smiling as Ethan trembled. "I like to believe you will benefit as much as I from this arrangement, especially while I'm dominating you in the bedroom."
"Are you as ruthless negotiating business deals as you are while negotiating sex?" Ethan asked, moaning softly as Max massaged him.
"As ruthless as I need to be." Ethan clutched Max's shoulders as the older man moved in between his legs. "I need you to come with me to Las Vegas, Ethan. I will do whatever it takes to ensure your compliance."
Ethan spread his legs shamelessly. "I think you'll need to do some more convincing," he gasped. "Long, hard convincing."
Max slid inside him with a low groan. "I believe I may be up to the task."

~~~~~

We are all prostitutes.
Max's words lingered in Ethan's mind as he looked through the side window of the airplane and stared at the explosion of lights in the black sea of the desert at night.
"Ladies and gentlemen, we are making our final approach into Las Vegas. Please make sure your tray tables and seats are in their locked, upright position. Flight attendants will be moving through the cabin collecting any trash you may have."
Ethan obeyed the flight attendant's instructions and took a deep breath to still his frazzled nerves. He was five minutes or so from beginning a new life in a new city with a new lover. Oh, yeah, and a new job. Nothing to be stressed about. Nope, nothing at all.
His eyes glazed over as he watched the lights below the plane grow bigger and brighter. It had been disconcertingly easy to close out his life in Indiana. Larry hadn't been happy with Ethan's decision, still mistrustful of Max, but he'd offered to hire Ethan back if things didn't work out at the Elite Poole. 
His parents had been quicker to warm to the idea because he'd painted his new employment as being safer and better paying than a government job—which it was, if you didn't include the kinky sex he and Max would inevitable get up to. 
But that latter part bothered Ethan, he had to admit. The truth was that he wasn't moving to Las Vegas for the job—he was going there to be Max's plaything.
Ethan looked down at his lap, his eyes automatically noting the extra-wide seat he sat in comfortably. He glanced up and watched the attendant collecting the last of the champagne glasses from other passengers.
This was his first time flying first-class but he doubted it would be his last. Would perks like this be enough to outweigh the reality of who he would be in Las Vegas? He'd told Bob this was the opportunity of a lifetime, a job with a personal security firm with big-name clients and high pressure. But would Ethan actually be given any clients? Or would his job at the agency be ornamental? 
This was what he feared most.
"I can surmise what you're thinking," Max said evenly from beside him, "but you should reserve judgment until we land and I introduce you to your future."
Flushing at being caught, Ethan turned to the other man. Max's hands rested comfortably in his lap, legs crossed. He was dressed impeccably in a dark navy Brioni suit while Ethan had elected to go for comfort and was wearing jeans and a button-down.
"You really can read me like a book, huh?"
Max smirked and slid his eyes to Ethan. "Like a comic book, if you must know."
Ethan laughed and relaxed back in his plush seat. "I guess in the long run that's a good thing. Saves me from having to explain myself when I do something stupid." 
Max smoothed his hands over his pant legs, avoiding Ethan's gaze. "I understand your fears. In other situations they would be legitimate ones. But I am not a man to waste an advantage or an asset, Ethan. Please trust me that I will put your skills to good use."
It never failed to stun Ethan at how well Maxmillian knew him even with so little contact between them. It also continually surprised him how easily Max could calm his fears.
"I do trust you," Ethan told him, speaking honestly. "But I guess I needed to hear you say that. Thank you."
Max inclined his head.
Feeling much better, Ethan ran his palms over the arm rests. "I've never flown first-class before. I think I'm already spoiled."
"Good. Resisting the benefits of your new life is a waste of time. You may as well enjoy every moment." Max's gaze drifted to the window. "I look forward to showing you where you'll be living. The view of the Strip is spectacular from my condominium."
"I wouldn't expect anything less of your place," Ethan teased.
"I surround myself with the best," Max agreed amiably.
Then they were landing and Ethan forgot to be nervous as he watched the glittering lights of the Las Vegas Strip zoom past his window. Everything moved quickly after that. Max's driver, Dominic, was waiting for them in baggage claim and loaded up Ethan's belongings into the company limo. Soon they were zipping down Paradise Road, running parallel to the Strip and heading north where Ethan could already see a towering condominium complex awaiting them.
"That's where you live?" he asked in awe, pointing out the front window. "It's right on the Strip! It must cost a fortune."
"That is Radcliffe Place. That is where we live."
Intimidated, Ethan fell silent for the remainder of the drive. Dominic pulled the limo into the courtyard of Radcliffe Place which looked as gorgeous as a five-star hotel, and dropped them off while he dealt with their luggage. Ethan and Max's shoes clicked loudly as they crossed a marble-tile foyer nearly identical to a hotel lobby, complete with concierge. There was also a small shopping mall including a restaurant and bar. Ethan shook his head in disbelief as he waited by the elevator with Max.
"I had no idea high rises contained all these shops," he admitted in awe. "Do you ever come down here and eat?"
Max regarded him with amusement. "Hardly. This is Las Vegas. Even at four in the morning there is a gourmet restaurant open somewhere." He glanced at the shops and restaurant before ushering Ethan into the opened elevator. "I haven't entered any of these establishments, but I suppose they're convenient should I have an emergency of some sort."
"An emergency in which you need to purchase a Coach purse at three a.m.?" Ethan teased as Max pushed the button for a top floor.
"One never knows," Max replied, smirking. "Besides. I prefer to justify the seven hundred in association fees by deluding myself with the illusion I might one day take advantage of the services."
"Seven hundred?" Ethan choked on his tongue the rest of the ride to the top. Max paid in HOA fees what Ethan paid for in rent for his entire apartment in Indiana.
I'm definitely not in Indiana, anymore.
A discreet and apparently very expensive ding admitted them into a plush, carpeted hallway. Even the walls felt rich, covered as they were in subtle, pale silk. Ethan's sense of not belonging increased as he passed beautiful framed artwork and condominium doors hung with gold plated numbers. His hands were actually trembling slightly as Max keyed in the security code and held open the door for Ethan to precede him.
But his extreme unease fled in the face of what was truly a spectacular view. Ethan's breath caught in his throat as he moved forward as if hypnotized, drawn to the humongous picture windows that encompassed an entire wall of Max's condo. It was a scene from a movie—no, from a postcard. An entire city buzzing with electric life sat just outside the windows. Ethan could practically feel the hum in his bones and it excited him the way he'd been excited the first time he'd visited an observatory and discovered a sky full of a million winking stars.
"I purchased this unit for the wrap-around balcony," Max murmured, sliding open the glass door. "Come, Ethan."
Dazed, Ethan stepped out onto the balcony. The cool Vegas evening air made him shiver, but the goosebumps that lingered on his skin were entirely the result of the view before him. Lights were everywhere—from sprawling casinos to McDonalds and gift shops—everything was either flashing or painted in neon. The lights extended even into the sky, he noticed with a murmur of surprise. Whatever stars existed overhead were obscured by a soft, fuzzy glow of greens, purples and reds. Las Vegas possessed its own stars, he realized. Anything in space dimmed in comparison.
"Here."
Startled, he accepted the glass of champagne Max pressed into his hands. The dark-haired man joined him at the railing and gazed out at the city before turning sideways to admire Ethan.
"You look quite handsome in glow of the lights," Max told him softly. "You look as though you belong here."
Ethan shook his head. "I could never belong here. This is—" he waved at the city, "— this is like an alien world. I don't know the first thing about fitting in here."
"But you will learn because I will teach you everything you need to know. I have a vested interest in assimilating you into this life, Ethan." Max raised his glass of sparkling liquid. Red and blue lights from the Strip winked between the bubbles. "To you, Ethan. To your new career and your new life in the city of sin." Max's eyes darkened. "May you find all the sin you crave here."
Ethan raised his glass as his cock hardened. "To Sin City," he toasted shakily. "Something tells me I'm not going to regret this."
"Excellent response," Max whispered, taking a perfunctory sip before setting his glass on the floor and coming up behind Ethan. "I want to fuck you over my city," he murmured, cupping Ethan's ass. "I want to christen the Strip with your cum."
Ethan moaned and barely managed to set down his glass before Max stripped off their clothes and lifted Ethan's right leg up so he could thrust into him with only saliva to ease the way. Ethan clutched the railing with white knuckles and tried to keep silent. But Max fucked him hard and never let up, and Ethan could only whimper for so long before the need to express his pleasure was overwhelming. 
The lights of Las Vegas blurred together before Ethan's eyes. They became the new sun of his universe. When Max bit him on the shoulder where he was still bruised from earlier, the pain spurred a synapse in Ethan's brain. Crying out, he orgasmed between the bars of the metal railing and his seed rained down upon the Strip.
Max dropped his forehead to the back of Ethan's shoulder and panted. "Tomorrow I will take you to the Elite Poole and you will see for yourself that life goes on after the FBI. I will give you something new to care about, Ethan. I will give you a new ambition."
For the first time since stepping on the plane Ethan wasn't nervous at all about the upcoming future. He covered Max's hands where they gripped his hips and said, "Today an employee. Tomorrow a partner. I'm not worried at all, Max."
He listened to Max laugh softly and decided that this really could be the best thing that had ever happened to him.






Join my mailing list so you don't miss a new release or promotion! http://www.triciaowensbooks.com

Sin City series
Dom of Las Vegas
Limited Liability
Acceptable Sacrifices
High Roller
Most Wanted
Lessons in Obedience
Death Defying Acts
The Doms Club
Easy Money
Significant Other

A Pirate's Life for Me series
Book One: Captain & First Mate
Book Two: Island Paradise
Book Three: Pirate Triumvirate
Mr. Anteros

Juxtapose City series
Fearless Leader
In the Blink of an Eye
The Battle for Black
The Ultimate Team
My Lover, My Enemy
The Sound of Truth
Shattered Alliance
Exchange of Power
Prodigal Son
The Mind Spy





A:R Earth series
Angel: Reversed
Angel: Redeemed
Angel: Released

Heaven series
Territory of Angels
Spoils of War

Standalone Novels
A Pirate's Honor
The Bucket List
Christmas Cookie Charmer
Between the Marshal & the Vampire
Favorite Flavors Short Story Collection
Hunter and Hunted
Master of No One

Moonlight Dragon Urban Fantasy
Descended from Dragons
Hunting Down Dragons
Trouble with Gargoyles
Forged in Fire
Rise of the Dragon

The Specials Urban Fantasy
Demon Leap


Sin City series
Dom of Las Vegas
Limited Liability
Acceptable Sacrifices
High Roller
Most Wanted
Lessons in Obedience
Death Defying Acts
The Doms Club
Easy Money
Significant Other (forthcoming)

A Pirate's Life for Me series
Book One: Captain & First Mate
Book Two: Island Paradise
Book Three: Pirate Triumvirate
Mr. Anteros

Juxtapose City series
Fearless Leader
In the Blink of an Eye
The Battle for Black
The Ultimate Team
My Lover, My Enemy
The Sound of Truth
Shattered Alliance
Exchange of Power
Prodigal Son







Realm of Juxtan series
The Sorcerer's Betrayal
The Gathering
Beneath the Greying Cliffs
The Forgotten One

A:R Earth series
Angel: Reversed
Angel: Redeemed
Angel: Released

Heaven series
Territory of Angels
Spoils of War

Standalone Novels
Favorite Flavors Short Story Collection
Hunter and Hunted
Master of No One

Moonlight Dragon Urban Fantasy
Descended from Dragons
Hunting Down Dragons
Trouble with Gargoyles (forthcoming)

