Drawn To You
The first book in Conklin’s Trilogy
Brooke Page


Drawn To You
(Conklin’s Blueprints)

By
Brooke Page



Drawn To You
Conklin’s Blueprints
Copyright 2013 by Brooke Page

SMASHWORDS EDITION

All Rights Reserved.  This book may not be re-produced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission from the author.  Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights.  All characters and storylines are the property of the author and your support and respect is appreciated.  The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious.  Any similarity to real persons, living or dead is coincidental and not intended by the author.

WARNING
The following story contains mature themes and sexual situations.  It is intended for adult readers.



Edited By: Samantha Hondorp
Cover Design By: Perfect Pear Creative



Contact Brooke Page

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Email: authorbrookepage@gmail.com

Table of Contents

Title Page
Copyright
Table of Contents
Acknowledgements
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Prologue to Conklin’s Foundation 
Special Thanks
About the Author



Acknowledgements


First, I’d like to thank my wonderful family and friends who have encouraged me to write.  You all are my inspiration.  Thanks to my wonderful husband Andy, who didn’t mind entertaining our beautiful children so I could write more than during nap times and at all hours of the night (even though that is the best time to write!).  
Jennifer Ziesemer, you are the best book critique ever!  Thank you for pushing me to do this, and for encouraging me along the way.  It’s been a crazy process and you have been there for me helping to figure out how this all works.  I can honestly say I’d have never gotten this far without you; you are the best my silent agent!
Mom, you are the best beta reader and proof reader ever!  Yes, it was embarrassing to discuss some scenes, but you were a great sport!
I’m blessed to have such lovely beta readers, April Petroelje, Kady Gusky, Kristie Filipchuk and Shannon Fischer. Thank you for your sincere and honest input and opinion!  Get ready for book two ladies, because it’s going to be a whirlwind!
Perfect Pear Creative, what can I say, you are absolutely amazing.  I’m so fortunate to have you design the cover.  Thank you for bringing Conklin to life!.  
To the most spectacular editor out there, Samantha Hondorp!  Thanks for spending the time to help polish my book and make me look good!
Thank you to all of the other indie authors who helped me along the way!  I appreciate every one of you taking the time to answer my emails and put up with my fan girl comments and questions!
To the many bloggers who took the time to read and check out Conklin’s Blueprints and post reviews and snippets on your page.  With out you getting the word out about Tyler and Becca’s story, this would not have been possible.
Most importantly, thank you to YOU the readers!  I hope Conklin’s Blueprints brings you joy, heartache, butterflies, sexiness, confidence, and most importantly the pitter patter your heart makes when falling in love.  Sometimes we all need that warm feeling to take over and remind us what life is all about.



Prologue

Tyler



I stood next to a heap of flowers on an end table, dreading to move my eyes past them.  I knew there was no way to keep avoiding it. A picture frame next to the flowers held a black and white photo from the 1950s of two people clearly in love.  It made me smile.  I slowly moved my eyes beyond the beautiful arrangement to only frown again as I saw him lying in the coffin, the only man that I ever had any respect for, my grandfather. 
My heart sank.
His cheeks weren’t rosy and his mouth was in a straight line.  His thin silver hair was combed to the side and a single rose was in the breast of his black suit pocket.  This wasn’t my grandfather.  My grandfather was full of life, always smiling with a heartfelt gleam in his eye.  I didn’t know this man in the coffin.  
I sighed heavily and looked over to my father.  He was a man of medium height build with spiky brown hair.  His eyes were bright blue.  He stood with his hands crossed, probably thinking about the company.  I loathed the man, but I had many reasons for that, some more than others.
The bastard probably wanted his father to die.  He wanted the power of the company, the freedom to do whatever he wanted with it.  He no longer wanted to hold the title of Robert Conklin Jr., not that it mattered because everyone called him RJ.  I never understood my relationship with my father.  He never wanted to be around us as children, yet he had to dictate our lives when it came to decision making.  
My mother stood silently next to him, green eyes peering down at the floor.  Her blond hair cascading past her shoulders.  She would miss Robert Senior as well, just as she had missed my gran, Eleanor.  They were the best part of the man she married.  She gave up a long time ago on my father.  Sometimes it felt like she gave up on all of us.  I could see part of her flask hanging out of her handbag.  I shook my head; my mother, Mary Conklin, was a drunk.  It was obvious to anyone who knew her.  The only good thing was that she was a happy drunk.  I think she drank so much just to deal with RJ.  I couldn’t blame her.  Between me and my brothers, we had caught him cheating a number of times.  RJ was a man of power and wouldn’t be caught dead in a divorce.  He could easily charm anyone he wanted to, and women normally caved to his seduction.  So she tried to make the best of her life; with all the money, she was doing pretty well.  She knew her place, to look pretty and maintain a social status.  She was his trophy wife, and he treated her exactly the opposite as my grandfather treated my gran.  She was treated like a possession, not a lover.
My older brother, Nathan, was talking to a small group of business associates who came to pay their respect to the man who built the largest architecture and construction firm in the Midwest.   Nathan was probably informing them how Conklin Architecture, Construction, and Design was going to make a monument in honor of Robert Conklin Sr. in front of the Grand Rapids and Chicago buildings.  Nathan turned his head to look at me with a half-smile and sad blue eyes.  I nodded back to him and then looked back at the lifeless man in the coffin. “Goodbye Papa; we had fun.  Say hi to Gran for me.” I slowly turned with a sigh, not wanting to feel any emotion.
Then I saw her.  One of the many reasons why I hated my father.  She was gorgeous. In her early 40s, she had dark red curly hair and bright green eyes, eyes that narrowed into slits like a snake when she wanted something.  I saw them often, and I knew what those eyes demanded, especially when she directed that look toward me.
My face frosted over as I glared at her.  I didn’t want to deal with her now.  Or ever for that matter.  I went into the hallway and leaned back against the cool wall.  I closed my eyes and huffed out a big breath of air.
“Tyler?” I felt a gentle hand on my elbow and peered down to see Margo’s green eyes staring at me with sincerity.  I guess I didn’t escape quickly enough. 
“What the hell are you doing here, Margo?  Did you fuck my grandfather too?” My tone was short and painfully quiet. 
She ignored my blunt comment. “Don’t take that tone with me Tyler.  I’m here for you.  I wanted to make sure you were okay.  I know you and your grandfather were close,” she said sternly.  She never tolerated my attitude.
“Yes, I’m fine,” I snapped, looking toward my feet.  She gently put her hand on my chin and pulled my face to look at her.  “Do you want me to make you feel better?” Her green eyes went into those familiar slits.  My breath hitched.  What a whore. “Why?  Did you pity fuck my dad already?  I’m not in the mood to be your sloppy seconds this time,” I said gritting my teeth.  
Her eyes narrowed even more, and she suddenly pushed me against the wall, slamming her body into mine.  I could feel her chest heaving through my blue dress shirt and silver tie. “No Tyler, I’d only pity fuck you, not your jackass of a father.”  I looked on either side of the hallway.  No one was watching.   I quickly lifted her and rushed into the coat closet across from us, pressing her into the wall.  My breathing was ragged.  I didn’t know why I was doing it, but it was the only situation I could control at the moment.
Margo looked at me with intense eyes and threw her mouth onto mine.  It was so forceful and feral, but I didn’t want her lips on me; I only wanted one thing, and I couldn’t give a shit who it was from at that point.  I took my hand and pushed her face back against the wall.  “We don’t kiss… remember?” I breathed in her face.  She tilted her head and started to undo my belt buckle.  She willingly gave herself to me; this was not something she had ever done before.  It was always for her pleasure first, then mine.  But today I was going to use her as she had always used me. 
I walked out of the closet straightening my tie.  I saw Nathan standing in the main entry about 20 feet away.  He was looking down as though heavy in thought.  Then he saw me out of the corner of his eye.  His shoulders shrugged, and his head cocked to the side with a slight frown.  Margo came out of the closet behind me, and as if she could read my mind, she didn’t say anything.  She just simply walked past me back into the funeral hall.  Nathan noticed and sighed. I shook my head at him as if to say, I don’t need your opinion, not today, knowing he knew what I had just done with our old nanny. 
I turned to walk out the back exit, not bothering to say goodbye to anyone.  I had already said goodbye to the only person who deserved it.  Goodbye Papa, we had fun.  Say hi to Gran for me. 



Chapter 1

Becca



I sat in the large confines of first-class on an afternoon flight to the Gerald R. Ford International Airport, taxying around the runway.  I was headed home to Grand Rapids, Michigan; where my new career as a junior architect for Conklin Architecture, Construction, and Design was located.  I finished my Master’s degree in Architecture from Florida State University about a year ago, but had just recently received my license and started applying for jobs.  I wasn’t exactly ready to grow up after I graduated, and neither was my best friend Jamie.   I was smiling down at my phone because she sent me a text.

Sitting next to any hotties?  I can’t wait to join you in a week! -Jamie

Jamie Rae and I were suitemates freshman year of college, and we’re instantly friends.  Jamie liked to have a good time, being the perky, fun-loving caramel haired, brown eyed beauty she was.  But unlike most people, she could handle school and partying.  Jamie rarely had to study and had more trouble making up her mind about what she wanted to do with her life.  She constantly changed majors but finally decided on a traditional marketing degree.
Ashlynn was our other roommate and my childhood friend.  Our mothers were best friends, and since neither of them worked, we were always together, whether it was at the park, the beach, getting our nails done, or shopping for things we didn’t need.  Our parents were prominent leaders in Grand Rapids.  My father owned most of the buildings downtown.  Ashlynn’s father was the DA. We both were well off, but Ashlynn glorified this more than I did.  I had a sense of pride and didn’t want people to know who my family was when they met me.  I wanted people to like me for me, judge me for me, and see me for me, not for whom my family was.  
Ashlynn was the opposite.  She used her name to get whatever she wanted.  She could be extremely fake and dense, but at the same time I’d take pity and stick up for her when people talked about her behind her back.  She was my friend, regardless of how shallow she could be.  I only tried to see the good in her.  Jamie couldn’t stand her, and I’d even try to convince Jamie that Ashlynn was really a good person… until she stabbed me in the back.  
My ex-boyfriend, Connor Prince, was every parent’s dream for their daughter to marry.  He was studious and quiet; and would give his heart willingly.  His hair was very short and blonde and always styled perfectly with gel.  He had bright blue eyes and an angelic baby face.  He was meticulous about his appearance.  “You never know who you are going to run into,” he would constantly say.  
We met in our History of Architecture class in my second year.  I was running late and crept in, not realizing he was sitting in the seat next to me.  We always sat in the same area and slowly got to know one another throughout the class.  I never thought he would go for me.  I had my own self-esteem issues and always thought guys saw me as friend material and that I was never pretty or skinny enough for any of them.  But his appearance didn’t intimidate me as much once I got to know him.  Eventually he asked me to study one night, and then the rest was history. 
We were best friends, and he was my first love.  I would have done anything for him.  My parents loved him and would always talk about us getting married and having kids.  He would shoot me his precious smile and say, “Only if she says yes.”  My parents devoured this.  Jamie liked him, although she thought he was a bit boring sometimes and that I should find someone who could bring more passion to the game, but she knew I loved him.   Everyone was ecstatic and thought we were a good match. 
Everyone, - except for Ashlynn.  She had a funny way of showing it too.  She would make very subtle comments to me.  “You don’t think he’s just after you for your dad’s money do you?” or “Wow, I guess I never thought you would be the type he would be into, lucky you,” and the most hurtful one was, “You better hit the gym to hold his interest.” 
So I had 30 pounds I could lose, emphasis on had.  I lost the weight after Ashlynn took him from right under my nose.
At the beginning of our final year in college, the air got weird between Connor and me.  We didn’t talk as much, and we weren’t as intimate as we had used to be.  I took it as he was finally starting to see me for how I saw me--an awkward duck that had stubborn hair and some baby fat.  I was no size two, and Ashlynn constantly reminded me of it.  Some nights I’d cry about my insecurities.  Connor would always tell me he loved me, but when he stopped focusing so much on my body during sex, it felt like it was being done just for his release. 
Then the week before first semester finals I found out why he had felt so distant.  I came home directly from my morning classes because my afternoon class had been cancelled.  I told Ashlynn about this the prior week because I was pissed the prof wouldn’t be providing a review for one of the most important classes of my degree.  I remember her eyes widening and then her voice purring, “You should just go to the library and study instead of class.”  I hummed and hawed at her thought, but never said I was going to.
You know when you get that feeling that something just isn’t right?  Well, that feeling made me walk right past the library and to our apartment.  And there they were, in my bed.  I saw Ashlynn’s long blonde hair against her naked back with her head tipped back straddling someone.  I recognized the tattoo on his ankle.  It was Connor.  I was speechless and couldn’t move.  My feet felt like they were stuck in concrete.  I just stared at my childhood friend riding my boyfriend, the man I was going to marry and have a family with.  As Connor slowly sat up and went to kiss her neck, he opened his eyes and gasped, pushing Ashlynn to the side and stuttered my name, “Bec-Becca…” It almost sounded like a plea.  Suddenly my legs were no longer in concrete but felt like they were in sand.  I back peddled to the front door unable to move fast enough or take my wet eyes off Connor.  Ashlynn’s face slowly turned and a hint of a smile crept to her lips.  Then I saw her fake shocked look that I knew too well.  She wanted this to happen.  She knew I’d come home and find them.  She always wanted Connor because I had him, and she always had to have what was mine.  
I remember sinking to the old wood chips on the side of our apartment complex, not being able to breathe.  Feeling my heart break was the worst pain I’d ever felt, and I was sure that nothing would ever compete with its torture.
Jamie was furious.  She wanted to throw Ashlynn’s things on the side of the road and change the locks. “Who does that bitch think she is?  I told you she was never your friend, Becca!  Friends don’t do that to each other!  And in your bed, really?  She needs to get the hell out of our place!” She didn’t understand my somberness toward the situation.  I had cried, been broken, and was finally given the explanation I’d always thought: he was never going to love me because I wasn’t as pretty as Ashlynn, because I wasn’t as thin or as elegant as her. 
Connor called me over and over, wanting to apologize and talk about it.  I knew he felt bad and guilty, but I could never handle highly emotional situations.  I couldn’t stand seeing the pain in people’s eyes; nor could I bear to show my own pain to them.  When I finally felt strong enough, I answered my phone and told him to not worry about it; and that I understood we weren’t meant for each other.  He was nervous and anxious and didn’t seem to believe me, but agreed we were done.
Ashlynn knew I wouldn’t be able to completely cut her out.  She had taken advantage of my forgiveness many times.  She knew she had power over me ever since we were little kids.  I couldn’t swallow the thought of my best friend taking my boyfriend deliberately.  
I somehow convinced Jamie that Ashlynn didn’t need to leave.  School would be over soon, and I could cut her off completely then. It wouldn’t have been so awful living with her if Ashlynn and Connor hadn’t started dating officially.  Ashlynn threw it all in my face too.  She would always tell me when they were going out together and how she would be staying at his house.  Whenever she came home from a night with him, she would brag about how wonderful her night was and how her life couldn’t be any more perfect.  It took all of Jamie’s patience to not deck her by the end of the semester.  I simply tried to focus on school work; and tried to avoid Ashlynn as much as possible.  The only good part of the horribly fucked up situation was: Connor refused to come over to our place.  Probably because Jamie would “rip his dick off and shove it down his throat.”  Her sneer at him made me smile for the first time in weeks. 
Once Ashlynn moved out to go start her adult life with Connor, Jamie convinced me to start having fun with her.  The night before our graduation Jamie yanked me off the couch and said, “You’re not doing this to yourself anymore.  We’re going to take a break from the real world and party our asses off.  We’re going to be the hottest chicks in this town and run this city.  I don’t give a shit if you think this is possible or not.  I’m so sick of you being controlled by that monster in your head that says you aren’t good enough for anyone or anything.” Her endearment broke my streak, and I decided it was time to stop sulking and finally go into a “not giving a fuck” stage.  
My family wasn’t happy with my decision to stay in Florida.  I got every speech from, “You’re not being responsible,” to “It’s time to grow up,” to “I’m sorry Connor hurt you, but this isn’t how to handle it,” and the best one, “Your father can get you any job you want if you come back to Grand Rapids.”
I hated the last one the most.  I hated the fact that because of my last name I could snap my fingers in Grand Rapids and get whatever I wanted.  Well I wanted my own life, not one that would be controlled by my name. 
So Jamie and I got an apartment downtown by all the clubs.  We both got jobs at the local gym; and worked our asses off for two hours every day; then went out at night.   My body got slimmer, and I turned into someone I didn’t know.  I wasn’t afraid to approach a guy at a bar.  Granted, I had to have a few drinks in me at first, but they no longer intimidated me.  Soon the guys started to come on to me.  It didn’t take long either.  Jamie kept telling me I was a sex goddess who just needed to come out of her shell and live a little.
Then I did something awful and brought a guy home.  I didn’t even know his name.  I remember I woke up and he was putting his clothes back on.  He turned to me and said, “Thanks for a great evening,” and left.  I felt so guilty and sheepish.  Jamie came in and sat on my bed. 
 “Well he was a looker.  Nice grab last night.”
“Jamie I feel awful; he totally used me.”
“Becca, you used him too.” She said with a major DUH sound.
Then it hit me like a stone from a slingshot.  No one would ever use me again because I would use them.
So that was our life for a year.  A bit much like a man’s life, but it seemed to numb my pain and cure my insecurities about myself.  Those men saw something in me that was attractive.  So attractive that they would hold me and squeeze me and tell me everything I wanted to hear to get me to say yes to them.  So what if it was just for the night?  I didn’t want another Connor, another person to leave me for my best friend or another girl who was prettier and had more to bring to the table than me.
Our madness stopped when a guy I brought home was a little too persistent.  He was very rough and knew exactly what he wanted.  I wasn’t feeling it and tried to subtly stop him, but he wouldn’t take no for an answer.  Thank God Jamie had brought home his friend who heard me yelling and came in and yanked him off me.  He spat, “Not fucking again you dick!” and apologetically looked at Jamie and dragged him out of our apartment.
After a night of crying in Jamie’s arms, I had come to the conclusion that I needed to stop numbing my struggles with the lifestyle we created and start my life.  Jamie agreed, a bit reluctantly at first, but she knew I needed it and that, in the long run, it would be best for her as well.
The next two weeks I filled out every application I could find to anywhere.  The best opportunity I had was to my horror, Grand Rapids, Michigan, my lovely hometown where my family would devour my attention.  But I had to take it before I spiraled out of control again.  Jamie miraculously found a job the very same day in Grand Rapids.  We decided it was fate and would get an apartment together in the city.  I tried to push out the thought of my father having any part to do with it, but they had no idea I was applying for jobs, so I figured I had done it on my own.
So here I sit waiting for my flight to take me in hopes to a new beginning instead of reliving a past.  I had changed so much from when I lived at home with my parents to going away to college.  I didn’t want to return to the sad little girl with no self-esteem and no faith in her capabilities.  But I didn’t want to be the girl who succumbed to a boyfriend like I did in college, and I dreaded being the careless “I just don’t give a fuck” girl I was in my first year out of school.  I needed to become part of all three and not just one.


***

My mother insisted that Roger, her driver/butler, would come pick me up and take me to my new apartment.  I normally would refuse this, but I loved Roger.  He was the only person who kept me sane in my parents’ house.  He was like the grandfather I never had.   He was always formal and polite but knew exactly what to say when I had been put down by my family.  
I jumped up to hug him as he came out to open the door to the black Lincoln Navigator.  His face turned red, and he hugged me awkwardly.  He was never comfortable when I would hug him.  He never wanted to look like he was crossing a line with his employer.  But I didn’t care, I loved him, and he would always have to put up with it from me.
“How was your flight Miss Stine?” He asked formally, as he started to pull out of the parking space.
“It was alright; a little bumpy in the middle, but we made good time.” I shrugged.
He smiled at me through the rear view mirror. “Well we’ll arrive at your new condo in about 20 minutes.  The movers should be nearly finished.  Mrs. Stine insisted they unpack all of your belongings apart from your bedroom and bathroom boxes.”
This infuriated me.  I didn’t need someone to unload my things.  Thank God she told them to back away from my personal belongings.  I would hate the thought of someone pulling out my lacy undergarments.
“She still doesn’t know when she’s overbearing, does she?” I grumbled.  I saw Roger’s lip curl in the mirror.  He knew my mother was crazy over protective and controlling.  He had to endure listening to her comments about my siblings and myself.  I normally got the negative comments, whether they would be about my weight or my drive.  She never straight out said I was fat, it was always just little comments like, “You look a little heavier in this picture,” or “Don’t worry honey, most of the girls in your grade are just really skinny.”  What kid wouldn’t think of this as being called fat?  The worst was, “You will slim down once you hit middle school, don’t worry.”  I don’t think I had ever expressed to her that I was worried; she was the one who had to have the perfect child. 
All in all, my mother did love me and wanted the best for me.  She just had a roundabout way of showing it.
We arrived at the River House Condos in the timely matter that Roger predicted.  It was at least 30 stories high, and my father had insisted on gifting me my first year’s rent.  Little did I know he actually purchased a two bedroom, two bathroom lofty condo versus one of the apartments.  
I grabbed my bag before Roger could get to it and made my way to the entrance.  Roger followed me to make sure I made it to the 28th floor and wanted to be sure I felt comfortable.
“Can I help you with anything, Becca?” He said with his hands held behind his back.
I searched the extravagant condo and sighed.  This was too much.  I wanted to do this on my own, but my parents were already controlling the situation.  As soon as I was settled into my job, I would sell the condo and find something on my own.
“No Roger, I’m fine.  You can go ahead and leave.  Go do something fun, I’ll tell my parents you stuck around and helped me out for a few hours.”
Roger smiled at me and turned to leave.  I’m sure he was going to head straight home.  He loved doing whatever my family asked of him.  Fortunately my parents were always wonderful to their staff and did everything they could to make them feel comfortable and a part of the family. 
I explored the condo once Roger left.  It had 15-foot ceilings throughout the space and was very modern.  Sleek, light gray walls covered the living room with a large white brick electric fireplace.  The floors were a very dark black hardwood with a large area rug in the middle of the white leather furniture.  The kitchen was just past the living room painted with red walls and black cabinets and stainless steel appliances. There was an island counter that had white and gray speckled granite and four black bar stools.
Just past the kitchen there was a dining area with a round glass table with eight black chairs surrounding it.  In the middle of the table there was a bouquet of lilies with a note:

We are so happy you are back in Grand Rapids. Congratulations on the job.
We love you.
Mom & Dad

The card made me smile.  They really did mean well.  They were okay with having things done for them.  My mother was fine with hiring people to move her things and clean up after her and drive her around; I wasn’t.  I wanted to take care of myself.  One day I was going to have to figure out how to tell them this.   I put down the note and continued on throughout the massive space.
There were hallways going off the living room and kitchen leading toward each separate suite.  Each bedroom had an attached bathroom with a bathtub and walk-in shower.  The counter tops were crystal white and the cabinets were black.  My bedroom had the same sleek gray walls as the living room.  My mother purchased fancy matching furniture and décor for the rest of the rooms.  Off the deck was a hot tub made of concrete with fake exotic plants surrounding it.  It was very serene with the view of the city, and I pictured myself spending most of my free time out there.
Across from each room was a study.  My mother had made sure my drafting table and supplies were all neatly organized within the room.  This was no good to me.  Now, I had no idea where anything was.  I knew she was trying to be helpful, but the woman was maddening.   
There was a flat screen television hanging in the corner of the study and a wide fluffy chair with a matching ottoman.  I sank down into the oversized sofa chair and stared at the ceiling.  How did I ever think I was going to be able to do this?  Coming to Grand Rapids and not having my parents try to control my life?  I was 24, and they had picked out a condo and bought all new furniture and handed it to me.  And I let them!  I needed to find my voice in this city.  Maybe I should just take off and leave.  No, that wouldn’t solve anything.  And Jamie had already committed to moving her life out here.  I couldn’t leave her.  She was the only thing stable in my life that didn’t drive me insane.
I casually got up and went into my bedroom to unload my belongings.  Once I felt half way in order I heard my stomach growl.  I forgot about getting food.  I called and ordered some take out, figuring I could save half and bring it to my first day of work tomorrow for lunch.  
Ever since I was little my relationship with food wasn’t normal.  With my mother constantly comparing me with everyone else’s little girls, including the perfect Ashlynn, I was always afraid to eat in front of people.  This would lead to not eating at all; then binge eating later.  Unfortunately, this would be why most of my life I wasn’t the perfect size two, but closer to an eight.  I only got a grasp on normal eating habits when I was off with Jamie on our own.  She ate all the time and managed to stay skinny, where I had to hit the gym twice as hard and really stay away from all the good stuff.  Jamie would give me shit if I didn’t eat and would force me to sit with her and eat a healthy meal.  It was good for me; it made me drop that extra 30 pounds I had always carried with me.  I’d have been happy to lose another 10, but for some reason it just wasn’t going to budge.  I swear it was all in my ass.  Jamie always gave me crap saying she would give anything for it.  I just thought it was huge and added a size to my jeans.
Connor never said anything about my weight, which was a good and a bad thing.  He never said I needed to lose it, but then he never said I was perfect for him either.  Either he really didn’t think I was appealing in that way or he just didn’t think to tell me.  This caused me to be so self-conscious.  I hated taking my clothes off with him around, and the lights were always off.  It didn’t make a difference to him either way.  I guess he didn’t care as long as he was getting some.
I still never felt comfortable in a bikini or clubbing outfits.  Jamie would always encourage me, telling me I was beautiful, and I needed to stop thinking otherwise.  Ashlynn was a lot like my mother, comparing me to other people and telling me it was okay that I didn’t look like them. 
My salad arrived, and I immediately took half of it and put it into a container for work.  When I went to open the fridge I gasped.  My mother had filled it with food.  I was shocked.  Does this woman have no boundaries? At least it wasn’t a bunch of junk food.  I wasn’t sure if I was annoyed or grateful for her attentiveness to what she bought.
Once I was done eating, I picked out my clothes for my first day of work.  A cream short sleeve sweater dress that rose just above my knee with a large brown belt.  I figured I would wear my burnt orange heels and my dark orange pendant necklace with brown alternating jewels.  The outfit was perfect for the season; it was early September and the leaves were starting to change color.  It was 60 degrees out so I’d have to wear a jacket.  Florida thinned out my blood.  Normally, I’d have been fine in short sleeves.
Just as I was going to brush my teeth and put on some sweats my phone rang.  It was Jamie.
“Hey Chica!  All settled in?” She exclaimed.  She was so excited to move, but she had to wait another week before she could get out here.
“All I need is your crap lying around, and I’ll feel settled,” I said.  She laughed and chatted about all that she had to pack and get done before she drove up.  Her parents gifted Jamie a Jeep Commander for a “finally getting your life together” present.  This was a grand gesture from Jamie’s family.  They worked very hard for their money and buying their daughter a new car would take a toll on their savings.  Jamie didn’t want to accept it, but her parents had insisted.  They thought I was a good influence on her and they thought she was settling down because me.  Only if they knew, it was the other way around.  
“Are you excited for work tomorrow?  Sucks your first full day back will include eight hours of being an adult.” 
I sighed, “I know, but this is the one thing I’m sure of.   I’m actually excited.  I was just going to do a little bit more research on the company when you called.”  Truth was, I had looked at their website a dozen times.  Jamie knew this too.
“Better make sure you memorize their code of conduct,” she joked. 
 “Ha ha, I just want to be prepared.”
“You have been prepared since before your first interview. You’ll be fine.  Hopefully your desk will be next to some eye candy,” she said with a flirt.
 “Yeah, and he will be married or gay.” I snorted.  “Besides, I’m not looking for a man right now.”
“Yeah, but you never know who you’re going to meet,” she said.  It reminded me of Connor and made me frown.
“Well I have to get going.  Get your shit in order and get up here,” I teased.
“Will do.  Have a good night.”
I hung up the phone and sighed. What would I do without that girl?  I went into my office and fired up my new computer, another nice furnishing from my lovely parents.  I went onto the Conklin Architecture, Construction, and Design website.  I scooted around it, moving from the architecture page to the history of the company; it was quite fascinating to me.  The original founder of the company had started out in Grand Rapids in his parents’ basement and quickly built his company up and moved to Chicago because, at the time, there was more opportunity to build there.  After 20 years in Chicago, he expanded with his son back to Grand Rapids.  Now they have huge buildings in Chicago, Grand Rapids, and their newest building in Cleveland, Ohio.  The founding father of the company had just passed away a year ago, and left the company to his son and three grandsons.  There was a picture of the five of them cutting the ribbon in Cleveland.  They were all very attractive.  The caption below the picture revealed the names of the men in the picture.  The grandfather, Robert Conklin Sr., was in the middle holding scissors, with his son, Robert Jr., on his left and a grandson, Mitchell. On his other side were his other two grandsons, Tyler and Nathan.  The two grandsons on the right seemed very happy and proud, while his son seemed distracted, and had a hint of a smile on his face.  The other brother shyly smiled.  
I exited out of the website and headed for bed.  As I fumbled in the covers I wondered what tomorrow would bring.  Would this place really be a good fit?  I sure hoped so; I didn’t have any other option for it not to be.



Chapter 2



I woke to my alarm and immediately shot out of bed.  I hadn’t slept well, worrying I’d oversleep.  I jumped in the shower and started getting ready.  I methodically blew my hair dry with my hairbrush and straightened out all of the waves.  Once I finished straightening my hair, I started on my makeup.  I’d normally only put on some mascara and eyeliner, but for the first day I thought I should add some eye shadow and bronzer.  I put on basic gloss and did a subtle nod in the mirror.  This will do.
I had 45 minutes to spare, so I thought I’d grab some tea on the way to work.  There was a nice little self-serve café a block from the Conklin building that I could stop at.  My apartment building was within walking distance, so I headed out with my bag and walked quickly.  My feet were going to be killing me after walking in these heels.  I was going to need to buy some more respectable flats.
I picked up my tea and a pre-packaged bowl of berries and headed to wait in line.  There were two registers open, and I was three back.  Through my peripheral vision I noticed two sharply dressed gentleman standing in the line next to me.  One was on his phone, not noticing anything going on around him.  He seemed very focused on who he was talking to and didn’t seem to care if anyone else heard what he was saying.  He had gray suit pants with a dark purple shirt and a matching gray tie.  I tried not to turn to look at him because he was so loud.  The other man sparked my attention more.  He was taller than the gentleman on the phone and was very masculine.  He had a strong jaw line and messily styled short brown hair.  His eyes were covered with aviators and his expression was un-readable.  After all my observations I brought myself back to the line I was in, which hadn’t moved.  There was a woman at the register who was trying to run a credit card that wouldn’t go through, and she was searching her purse for money.  She had a little boy with her tugging on her skirt repeatedly saying he was hungry, and his demands were getting louder.  The gentleman in front of me was becoming annoyed.
“If you can’t pay for it, don’t get in line,” he sneered. 
I looked at the man in disgust and nudged past him.  
“Let me get it,” I said, smiling at the flustered woman.  I put my fruit and tea on the counter and handed the cashier a twenty.
“Oh!  You don’t have to do that!” she said turning red, still fumbling in her purse.  I smiled back at her, “Don’t worry about it.” 
Her shoulders shrugged, and she smiled warmly.  She grabbed the bagel and gave it to her son.  “Thank you,” she said sincerely.
I turned to walk away as the gentleman who was being crabby winced, worried I’d lash out at him.  I kept my head down, feeling a little embarrassed that I had given the man such an abrupt nudge in the first place.  Then I felt another pair of eyes on me.  I glanced to my left and noticed the two gentlemen finishing up at the register.  The one was still animatedly talking on the phone, oblivious to what was going on, but the other dressed in all black had his head facing the door, his eyes hidden by his aviators.  I shook the feeling of being watched and marched out the front door to head into work.
The Conklin building was one of the larger buildings in the city.  There were at least 30 floors.  Each floor consisted of a different department: marketing, sales, finance, landscaping, interiors, graphics, etcetera.  I hadn’t realized their company did so much of their own work instead of contracting out the services.   I was in the commercial architecture department, floor 12.  Normally I’d take the stairs, but in these heels I decided to pass and take the elevator.  I showed the security guard my ID tag and headed to press the button.  
Will Summers was the head of the commercial architecture department.  I had been working with him while I was going through the process of interviewing and hiring.  He was very young to be the head of a department; he had to be in his mid-30s and had green eyes with glasses and bright red hair.   It was cut short, but you could tell it would be curly if he were to grow it longer.  He wore a brown dress shirt and khaki Dockers. 
“I’m so glad you made it!” He greeted me with an extravagant smile.  “Let me show you around the office and introduce you to everyone,” he said in a bit of a hurry.  
Will took me around and introduced me to at least a dozen junior architects and Corey, his personal assistant.  Corey was very sharp with dark brown eyes and sandy hair.  He was in his mid-30s as well.  
“Corey handles a good portion of our accounts.  If you ever have any questions, he’s the man to go to if I’m unavailable,” Will said as I shook his hand.
“It’s nice to meet you Becca,” he said shaking my hand.  He turned to Will and said, “Why don’t we bring her to the meeting today with the Conklin brothers to break her in.” He smirked.
Will nodded his head enthusiastically at me, “That’s a great idea!  Let me show you your desk and you can get comfortable, and in 15 minutes we will come pick you up to head to the 14th floor.”  
Crap, I didn’t think I’d meet any of the top dogs for a while and only by chance if I did.  I was extremely nervous.  What if they could tell I’m fresh out of college?  What if they ask me a question and I bomb the answer?  Hopefully there will be a lot of people so I could hide in the back, at least for now. 
I sat down at my desk, trying to acclimate to my new space.  If everything went according to plan, I’d be at this desk for a while.  I thought about bringing in pictures of my family to put up and maybe a goofy picture of Jamie and me that would help me feel more at home. I turned in the swivel chair and rubbed my finger on the drafting table.  It made me smile.  It was top of the line and had wonderful light and all of the drafting supplies were in a cabinet neatly organized next to the table.  This was heaven to me.  I could get lost in drafting plans and coming up with new ideas for buildings.  I loved making commercial plans, but residential was my favorite.  They hadn’t had an opening when I applied, but I didn’t mind.  I’d enjoy this job just as much.   I turned on the computer and surfed around to see all of the programs they had for me to use.  Everything seemed so top of the line.  I was a kid in a candy store.  I couldn’t wait to start working on Conklin’s blueprints.
Fifteen minutes flew by and Will came up to my desk to grab me for the meeting.  He handed me an iPad, “Here, this is for you.  You can keep it and take notes on it.  I forwarded the PowerPoint to you so you can follow along.”
I took the iPad and nearly gasped.  Whatever happened to paper handouts?  Oh well, I can’t complain I guess.  The iPad would make things a lot easier to follow and take notes.
As I followed Will, Corey joined us along with two other gentlemen.  They were both junior architects as well.  
We took the broad elevator up to the 14th floor.  This floor was filled with conference rooms and served as the HR department.  We all got off the elevator and headed into a very generously sized conference room that had a theater like setting.  There was another group of people already sitting down.  Will introduced me politely to my new co-workers. They were the residential architects.  I couldn’t help but notice I was the only female out of all the architects at this meeting.  Soon, a small group from the marketing and graphics department came in, followed by the advertising department.  Last but not least, a man followed by four supermodel-looking women silenced the room as they walked in.  The man looked very kind, but the women all had their noses in the air.  The gentleman came up to me and looked over at Will who was sitting next to me.  “And who might this be?” he said to Will with a gleam in his eye.  
Will smiled and introduced me, “Clayton, this is Becca.  Clayton is head of the commercial interiors department.”
That explains it.  I had minored in interior design. I couldn’t stand more than half of the girls in the classes.  They were either obnoxiously gorgeous or insanely dim witted.  I couldn’t stand the combination, and I hated to stereotype, but it was the truth. 
Clayton gave me a megawatt smile, “nice to meet you, beautiful.  I love your necklace.”  
One of the women came up to him and huffed.  “Clayton, is there going to be coffee for the meeting?  If not, we are going to need to get some.”
“Of course, I’m sure Nathan will be here soon.  He doesn’t like to waste time.  Sawla, this is Becca.  She’s new to the commercial architect department.  It will be nice to finally have someone on our side.  She has to know good design with that gorgeous outfit,” he said, looking over to Will.  
Will grinned and shook his head. “We will have to see won’t we?”  Will replied.
Sawla gave me a glance over and plastered on a fake smile.  It reminded me of Ashlynn.  I instantly didn’t like her.  I put my hand out to shake hers, and she gave me a very gentle grasp.  I wanted to roll my eyes at her, but I put on a smile, hopefully not one as fake as hers.  Clayton and Sawla sat in front of us with the rest of their immediate team.  Then the door flung open and a man came flying in.  He threw down a bag of bagels and began talking immediately.  “Good morning everyone, help yourself to bagels and coffee!” He exclaimed.  He sped over to the projector closet and pulled out a laptop and started fussing with it. A woman followed behind him with a box of coffee and coffee cups.  She started organizing everything on the table in front of the conference room.  The man looked very familiar; actually, his voice sounded more familiar than his looks.  
My head turned to the door and another man walked in, sliding by the woman who was frantically organizing the bagels and coffee on the table.  He was utterly beautiful.  He wore black from head to toe, black shiny shoes, black dress pants, black belt, black dress shirt, and a black tie.  His jaw was firm and his dark brown hair was messy as though he ran his hands through it a thousand times.  He was tall and broad and athletic.  He looked familiar too; why couldn’t I put my finger on where I had seen these men before?  Then it hit me.  These were the two happy looking Conklin brothers in the picture with Robert Conklin, Sr. and Robert Conklin I saw on the website. 
I flushed as his eyes met mine.  Crap, did he notice I was staring at him?  I quickly looked down at my iPad, hoping he thought I was just merely observing my surroundings. I was trying not to look flustered, but his eyes felt like they were going to burn a hole right through me. 
Will leaned over to me and whispered, “That’s Nathan Conklin.  He tends to run the show when his dad RJ isn’t here for presentations.  The woman sitting off to the side of him is Jessica, his assistant.  I’ll introduce you after the presentation.  As you can see, he’s very focused.”
“Who is the other gentleman?”  I asked, trying not to sound too curious, even though I had an idea of which Conklin brother it was.
“That’s Tyler Conklin and his assistant, Cooper.  Tyler doesn’t say much.  I think he’s more of a numbers kind of guy.  He leaves the talking to his brother.”
“What about the other brother?  Aren’t there three?” I asked inquisitively.  
Will rolled his eyes, “Yes, that would be Mitch.  He’s on the construction side of the company.  He doesn’t do a whole lot on the business side.”
From Will’s reaction, I figured Mitch was a bit of an outsider with this family.  
“Ok, let’s get started!” Nathan shouted with a loud clap of his hands.  He stood off to the side of the projector and had the remote in his hand.  Tyler took a seat off to the side by the table of goodies next to his assistant, Cooper.  People were scurrying back into their seats from getting coffee and bagels.
Nathan started talking about where the company was at numbers wise and wanted to discuss going completely green and eco-friendly with our up-and-coming projects. 
I tried not to let my vision drift from what Nathan was saying, but I kept feeling like someone was watching me.  It was almost an eerie feeling.  I finally turned my head without thinking, and Tyler was staring at me.  I got caught in his stare.  I couldn’t tell what color his eyes were from the distance that was between us.  They had to be a lighter color; if they were brown I’d be able to tell.  
His eyes drifted back to his brother, as though he wasn’t even looking at me.  
Stupid.  How could I think he was looking at me?  He was way out of my league.  But for whatever reason, I felt like I was being watched throughout the whole presentation.
“Okay, does anyone have any questions about the material?” Nathan said with another loud clap. 
Sawla, from the interior department stood up.  “I have a few issues,” she said a bit too sassily.
“Some of these ideas are just not going to work with the design concepts we have been working on.  For instance, the solar panel windows are giant boxes!  And the trimming cannot be replaced in order for them to work.  How am I supposed to infuse a concrete block with a hardwood interior!   And our projects are in the Midwest, the sun is only out half the year!”
Nathan rolled his eyes then looked to Clayton.  Clayton stood up quickly and said, “I’m sure we will figure it out.  That’s our job Sawla.” Nathan looked pleased with Clayton’s answer.  Clayton noticed and gave him a wink.  Nathan uncomfortably looked away.
“The windows are just the beginning though!  More heat efficient flooring?  I bet they only have a handful of styles that are safe to use with carpeting and hardwoods! ” Sawla exasperated.
Wow, this lady is ridiculous.  I tried to hide my amusement.  I had taken a few classes on how to have more eco-friendly homes.  There are plenty of textile companies converting to meet these demands. 
Tyler was watching me again, “You.  What do you think?”  The room stilled as he pointed his finger at me.  Everyone in the conference room turned their heads to look at me, except Nathan.  He looked dumbfounded at his brother.  Shit.  Tyler must have seen my amusement toward Sawla’s comments.  
My tongue was caught in my throat.
“Do you have any ideas regarding this?” He asked curiously, holding his thumb up to his lips. 
I looked over to Will and he shrugged his shoulders at me as if to say, go for it.  I stood up and began to speak, hoping I wouldn’t trip over my words.  “There is a company down in Florida who had been trying to figure out how to make flooring more sustainable because of all the hurricanes.  They started to venture out and come up with water repellant flooring, but in their attempts to do that, they realized they were not only repelling water, but they were repelling heat as though it were a mirror.  The heat would effectively bounce back and linger for longer periods of time.  I’m not sure how they figured this out, something to do with the molecular structure.” 
Sawla looked at me as though I had grown two heads.  She was pissed.  “I bet it’s hideous,” she sneered at me.  I winced at her demeanor.
“Actually they have a large selection.  A well-known company in Seattle was interested in the study and funded them to create more products geared toward a colder environment,” I whispered.
She glared at me.  Clayton was trying to stifle a chuckle while looking at the ground, “We will just have to see about that.” Sawla voice was scarily low.
Nathan was gawking back and forth between Tyler, Sawla, and me.  Nathan looked at me and said, “You’re new right?  Are you a part of the Interior department?” He said a bit confused. 
“Actually I’m with the commercial architects.  I did minor in interior design though.  I had quite a few classes that focused on creating buildings with sustainable energy,” I said quietly.  I felt out of place, being my first day and having spat back and forth with Sawla.  I slowly sat down.
Nathan smile was wide, showing his dazzling teeth, “Double threat, I like that!”
He looked back over to Tyler who was hiding a smirk with his fist.  Nathan shook his head at his brother with a quizzical expression on his face. Nathan dismissed everyone and quickly started to put his things together.  Will gestured for me to follow him as we came down to where Nathan was. 
“Nathan, this is Becca Stine.  As you already found out, she’s our newest junior architect,” he said proudly.
Nathan quickly looked up from what he was doing and put his hand out to me.  “Hello, Miss Stine.  I think you will be a wonderful asset to this company,” he said hurriedly.  I gave him a shy look, “Thank you.  I think I’m going to like it here.”  
He looked over to his brother Tyler, who was still sitting amongst the commotion of the other department teams making their way back to their floors.  “This is Tyler, my brother,” Nathan said.
Tyler casually stood up and gave me a nod.  “Well, we have to be off.  It was nice meeting you Becca; see you around Will.  I’ll email you those stats you asked for.” Nathan said, clearly loosing focus on us and moving on to his next task at hand.  Tyler held his gaze at me, then slowly turned around to follow Nathan, their assistants casually walking behind them.
“Wow, Tyler never talks during meetings.” Corey said looking at me.  
Was it that obvious how annoyed I was with Sawla’s reaction?  Geez I didn’t mean to have it written all over my face.
We all headed back to our department.  Will started me on a small project that I instantly fell in love with.  It helped block out the weirdness Tyler Conklin showed toward me at the meeting.   I got lost in my project until it was just after 6pm.  
“You don’t have to stay any longer; you have put in more than eight hours.  Did you even take a lunch?” He asked.
“I ate at my desk; I guess I’m just really focused on this project,” I said sheepishly.  
“Well, my wife will not be happy with me if I’m not home in 10 minutes, and it’s a 20 minute drive.  You are welcome to stay as long as you want, but don’t feel like you have to.  The building is open 24/7 as long as you have your ID tag.  You are welcome to use your space anytime.” 
I smiled then thanked him and started to pack my things as he was walking out the door.  Once I had everything in order, I headed for the elevator.  My feet were killing me, so the stairs weren’t an option today.  I might even skip going to the gym because of it.  I needed to get more respectable flats.   I wasn’t used to wearing heels for this long.  I slouched over waiting for the elevator.  My eyes were so tired.  They weren’t used to having this much makeup on, and I had been focusing on the computer screen for most of the day.  I stood there tiredly waiting for the elevator.  My mind quickly wandered to Tyler, thinking how I never got a good glimpse at his eye color.  During my thought the elevator doors opened, and there he was standing in front of me, looking at the ground as though he were in deep thought.  I had the feet in concrete feeling again.  All of a sudden his eyes pushed up to the ceiling of the elevator, then at me.  Smoothly he said, “Are you going down?”  I nodded my head praying that my feet would listen to my brain.  I slowly stepped into the elevator on the side of him.  The doors closed, and it was painfully quiet until the cart started to descend. 
“Did you have a good first day?” He chimed in.  His throat was scratchy. 
“Yes, it was great.  I like it so far,” I said.  I got the courage to look at him.  He slowly grinned at me with his fist at his chin.
“Sorry to put you on the spot in the meeting.  You seemed to have a good idea going through your head, and I love when Sawla gets frazzled,” his lip curled up as though he were recalling something amusing.
I laughed in my head.   So I wasn’t the only one who found it amusing.  
“It’s fine, great way to break me in.”  My eyes caught his.  I was hypnotized.  His eyes were blue green.  I suspected they changed color depending on what he wore.  They looked very soft for a split second.  Then the ding of the elevator changed his demeanor, his eyes got colder as he walked off the elevator.  
“Er… have a good rest of your day,” I blurted as he walked off.  He turned to me and nodded, his face serious, and then he was gone.
What an odd man.  He started out fine in the elevator, maybe even a bit flustered, than he was making a joke, then put up a wall.  I guess I didn’t need to figure him out.  I probably wouldn’t see him for another month.  I know how the upper management of a company with multiple buildings works.  My father was constantly moving around; he was rarely in one place.  The only time I saw my dad was on Sundays.  My mother made it very clear to him that Sundays were our family day.  We would all go to church, have a big Sunday dinner; which the help would make of course, and hang out as a family.  It was nice to have my dad around at least one day of the week.  But I understood he had worked hard for his money, and in order to maintain the lifestyle we lived, he would have to sacrifice his time with us.
I walked back to my new condo, and the second I got into the elevator I yanked my heels off.  Thank God no one was in the elevator with me, although I wouldn’t have cared.  I had huge blisters on my feet from walking the city with them on.  I was skipping the gym; which was normally a big no no for me, but there was no way I was going to make it on a treadmill.  Then I remembered the hot tub.  Oh would that feel good!  I quickly made my dinner and ate with the mind of soaking in the nice warm water with jets massaging my back.  Once I was done with dinner, I tossed on my swimsuit and made my way into the tub.  It was relaxing until my mind started to wander.  I started to think about Connor.   If things had played out how I had planned, we’d be engaged and living in this condo, and he would be sitting next to me blabbing about his first day as an intern at Ashlynn’s father's office.  If he would have even been home by now.  Would I have really wanted that life?  A life like my mothers, trying to find her own place with a husband who was barely around, sitting around waiting for Sunday to come so I could see him and have my family be whole for a short period of time?  I’d despise that.  The thought was sobering.  It made me hurt less over him.  I didn’t think I missed him anymore.  I was more hurt by his and Ashlynn’s betrayal.  
Speaking of Ashlynn, she rang my phone while I was at work.  I actually missed the call instead of ignoring her.  I deleted the message she left me before even listening to it.  She didn’t call me as often as she used to, thank God.  I didn’t feel like listening to her talk about her fashion boutique her parents were going to start for her in Grand Rapids.  Yuck, how did I end up being in the same city as her again?
My mind drifted, this time to beautiful blue green eyes.  Closing my eyes I wondered what he was like.  From the little bit I saw, he was completely different from his brother Nathan.  Maybe he was more like his mother?  His father had to be like Nathan, charismatic and to the point.  Any successful businessman was.  
My fingers were pruned by the time I got out of the hot tub.  I felt so relaxed, and my feet didn’t hurt nearly as bad as they had when I walked in the door.  After a steaming hot shower, I curled up in bed and went to sleep, dreaming of cold blue green eyes.



Chapter 3



The next few days were the same.  I was establishing a rather dull routine compared to the normal 24 year old.  I’d get up, go to work, go to the gym, come home, eat dinner, sit in the hot tub, shower, and go to bed.   I only saw Tyler once and tried not to be distracted by his appearance, whether it was from seeing him or daydreaming.   I’m sure once Jamie got here my life would liven up a bit.  She always seemed to perk up my life.  It was Friday, and I was cleaning my dinner mess.  Typically I’d be getting ready for a crazy night with Jamie, doing my makeup dark and sexy, wearing tight jeans and a semi revealing tank.  Right now, I was wearing black running shorts and a gray shirt.  I went into my office to go through a box of things I still hadn’t unpacked.  It was full of my college projects.  I really should throw them away.  I won’t ever need them, and they were nothing compared to what I was working on for Conklin.   I ran across a familiar print.  It was my final project in my first blueprinting class.  My eyes started to water when I realized what it was.  I gently unrolled the prints out onto my drafting table. It was a house I had dreamed of building.  It was going to be Connor’s and mine.
It was a ranch, roughly 3,000 square feet on the main floor.  There were three bedrooms and a master bathroom.  A tear slipped down my cheek when I read, “nursery”, “kid bedroom #1”, and “kid bedroom #2” with reading nooks in each room.  I wasn’t ready at the time to have kids, but I still wanted them.  The rest of the plans included an office with a tall ceiling library for Connor, a drafting room in the basement level for me, a formal dining room and a breakfast nook just around the kitchen, and a large fish tank separating the kitchen and the living room.  I even made an extra space off the living room for a giant Christmas tree.  The separate space was surrounded by windows, so the tree would be dominantly visible from the outside as well as the inside.  Connor wanted to have a humidor room in the basement along with a wine cellar.  The basement had a bar and a home theater.  Connor also loved dogs, so we had to have a dog room.  I didn’t like them, but it was all he wanted when he would have a yard for it to play in, so I said okay.  This plan was my life and that bitch Ashlynn took it from me.   I started to crinkle up the plans in a fit of sobs.  I quickly stopped and took a deep breath.  I wasn’t going to dwell on this anymore.  I needed to make a new dream, even if it was only for me.  
I rolled up the plans and put them in my travel tube.  Quickly throwing on jeans and a sweatshirt, I headed out the door to go into my office at Conklin.  The lighting and supplies were better there, and Will did say the building was open 24/7.  I doubted they would care if I worked on something personal at 8:00pm on a Friday.  Is this what my new life would be?  Friday nights at the office?  I’d turn into my father, a working machine.  No.  This doesn’t count.  I’m doing something for fun, not work.  If I had a family it’d be different.  I’d be at home with them.  
I walked quickly in the crisp fall air.  It was starting to get colder.   Soon I’d have to bust out my winter jacket and boots.  The thought made me wince.  I really didn’t like snow, and hopefully they plowed the sidewalks. 
My phone rang during my walk, and I pulled it out of my pocket and looked at the screen.  It was Ashlynn.  Click.  Not in the mood to hear her rant about her perfect life.
I showed my ID to the security guard who looked less than thrilled to be on duty.   He sighed and handed me my ID back.  
“Enjoy your evening,” he said gloomily.
When I got to my department floor, it was dark and silent on either side of the elevator.  I walked past the reception desk and the lights slowly popped on.  I brought the plans and set them to the side.  I might as well start afresh; I wasn’t going to need kids’ rooms, or at least I wasn’t going to title them as kids’ rooms.  I put my ear buds in and plugged them into my phone and buried myself into making a new dream home while listening to Panic! At the Disco.   
Listening to Panic was a stupid idea.  One of their songs reminded me of my “first time.”  It wasn’t with Connor, which is I’m sure what everyone assumed.  It was my senior year, after prom, and not with my prom date.  We had a mutual understanding the rest of the summer.  But he, Gage Stark, sure knew how to make my blood swell.  I had way more sparks with him than with Connor; I’d never admit it though.  He had even called me after he heard I had broken up with Connor, offering his sympathy.  Ok, so I had a fling with him when I came back home a few times within the year I took off.  The thought of calling him crossed my mind, but I swiftly pushed it out.  I couldn’t start my new life by calling a former classmate for casual sex, no matter how good it was with him.  I tried to not let the song take me back to Gage and shook my head as if that would take me out of the sudden urges I was beginning to feel.  Just as I took a deep breath and put my hand on my head, I noticed Tyler Conklin resting his elbow on the side of my cubicle with an amused look on his face.
I quickly sat up, startled by his presence.  I yanked the ear buds from my ears and said, “You scared me!” My heart was racing.  Not only from being startled, but because this man was way too attractive for anyone’s well being.  
“I didn’t mean to startle you.  I was coming to grab some plans from the residential department and noticed the light was on in here.  I thought I’d check it out.  Isn’t it a little late for you to be working?” 
“Yeah… I have been just… um…” I didn’t know what to say.  I was in his building working on personal things using his supplies.  I was suddenly aware that this might look bad.  I tried to not look flustered.  
His eyes lit up as he peered down at my drawing.  “Working on a dream house?  I think every architect has a few of these.”  He came over to me and leaned over the desk to get a better look.  I was trying not to seem embarrassed. 
“Oh, it’s nothing, just a few ideas…” I blurted, starting to roll up the plans. 
“Don’t worry, you are welcome to use your space for stuff like this, even if it’s,” he looked down at his watch, “11:00 at night.”
Holy crap, was it really that late?  I guess I did dive right into what I was doing.  I wasn’t even tired.  I hadn’t stayed up this late since I moved back to Michigan.
My shoulders slouched, “Thanks. I just didn’t really have anything else to do, and well, I needed to make some big changes,” I said, my eyes drifting to the original plans.  His eyes followed mine.
“Not in need for kids’ rooms?” He questioned with a raised brow.
I tried to hide my blush.  What an inappropriate thing to ask!  I barely knew him!  He noticed my uncomfortable reaction.  “I’m sorry; I probably just offended your boyfriend,” he laughed, trying to lighten the mood.  
“Well, there’s no boyfriend to offend.”   
Shoot, maybe I said that too fast.
His eyes suddenly looked intense.  They were blue today, probably because he was wearing a blue dress shirt, no tie, with the top button undone.  He had more questions I could tell.  
“You sound a bit bitter.”
I furrowed my eyebrows at him; did he really just ask me that?
Again he noticed my reaction and tried to recover from his question, “I’m sorry, that was a bit harsh of me to say, but you clearly had someone?”
Why is he probing?  
“Yes.  I did, but that was a while ago.  I don’t really like to talk about it.” I said, hoping that would be enough of an answer for him.  Not that I needed to even give him an answer.  This was all a bit deep for my liking.
He scratched his chin as if he were contemplating.  “I was going to go grab something to eat, would you like to join me?”
Wow, quick change of subject!  I guess that was what I wanted anyway, to talk about anything other than my awful love life.
“Sure,” I answered without thinking.  I stood up to get my things together.  Tyler stood patiently waiting, not taking his eyes off of me.  As I felt his eyes boring into me I suddenly remembered what I looked like.  I was wearing jeans and a zip-up hoodie, and I didn’t bother with makeup after my shower.  I probably only had a hint of eyeliner left on my eyes.  I became self-conscious; did I even make sure I didn’t have any eyeliner smudged under my eyes?  I quickly wiped under my eyes while looking the opposite way of him.  My hair was thrown up into a pony tail; thank God I blew my hair dry so at least my bangs looked decent.   But it wasn’t like he was asking me out on a date or anything.  He probably felt how I felt; we were put in a weird conversation and he was looking for an out.  My brows furrowed at the thought.
“Everything ok?  Do you need a hand with anything?” He said, gauging my reaction to my thoughts.
“I’m fine, let’s go,” I mumbled, avoiding looking at his beautiful eyes.  
We walked to the elevator, which was still on our floor.  Turns out we were the only ones who didn’t have lives outside of work, but then again, it was 11:00pm.
“So where were you thinking of going?” I asked, breaking the silence.  
“There’s a coffee shop six blocks down by Rosa Parks Circle that has good sandwiches if you don’t mind the walk.” 
“Sounds great,” I lied, not really hungry.  I hadn’t eaten late at night for a long time.  Not since Connor and I broke up.  Jamie caught me with a pint of ice cream watching The Notebook one night shortly after the break up.  
So why am I going out for food with him if I’m not hungry?  I thought to myself.  He’s way out of my league, and I’m 99% positive he was not interested in me in that way.  Maybe he was lonely too?  We were the only ones left in the building besides the unfriendly security guard who quickly sat up straight when he noticed I was with Tyler.
“Have a good evening Mr. Conklin!” He said with an overly friendly smile.  
Tyler gave him a stiff nod and opened the door for me.  We walked in silence until we were three blocks away at a stop light. 
“So… do you always work so late on a Friday?” I asked, trying to make the air a little more comfortable.  
He smiled and looked at the ground, “Not always.  I had some plans that needed to be reviewed by Monday, and I’m taking a flight to Chicago early tomorrow morning and won’t be back until Wednesday.  What about you?   There are quite a few clubs around here that seem popular.”
I shrugged.  The light turned to walk, and we both started to move, “I’m not into the club scene anymore.  And honestly, I don’t really know too many people yet.  My roommate is on her way here from Florida.” She better be here by at least tomorrow.
“Not anymore?” He questioned.  We stopped at the next stop light.  I looked up at him, trying to gauge why he was so curious about me.  I felt like he knew what my past was, but was trying to hear it come out of my mouth.  Maybe it was just my weird way of always relating everything I used to be, to everything that was thrown in front of me.
“No,” I simply said.  He didn’t need to know anything more.  He looked at me as if waiting for me to keep explaining.  “Everyone needs to grow up at some point, right?” I chuckled softly.  
His serious gaze turned into a smile.  “I suppose you’re right.  I never was into the club scene myself,” he stated as we walked along the sidewalk.
My phone rang again.  Ashlynn’s picture popped up on the screen.  I really needed to change that.  Tyler saw me look, but didn’t say anything as I put the phone back in my pocket after ignoring her call a second time.
We made it to the coffee shop that was surprisingly full for a Friday evening.  I guess they had just finished with a poetry reading.
“What would you like?” Tyler asked, putting his hands in his pockets. 
 “I’m actually just going to have a peach iced tea.”  I really wanted a hot chocolate, but I was afraid of the calories.
“Are you sure?  Aren’t you hungry?” He said furrowing his eyebrows at me.  It was 11:20pm, way past dinner time.  Why was he so thrown off I wasn’t going to eat anything?  Shit, maybe he was wondering why I even bothered to come with him if I wasn’t going to eat.  “Not even a cookie?” I hadn’t had a cookie in a year, and I sure as hell wasn’t going to have one now.  
“No, I’m really not hungry,” hopefully I didn’t sound too embarrassed.  
He shook his head and started to order.  I dug into my bag to find my wallet, but by the time I had gotten to it he had already paid and handed me the tea.
“You didn’t have to pay for that,” I said.
He gave me a crazy look.  “Don’t worry about it.  You’ve already bought tea for someone else this week, let me do the same for you,” he said as his furrowed brows turned into a grin.  I stopped in my tracks and thought for a moment.  What was he talking about?
“Are you going to stand there and look confused or are you going to join me?” He chuckled.  Then it hit me.
“You!  You and Nathan were at the coffee shop that morning!” I exclaimed in sudden realization, sitting in the chair across from him.  
“Yes, we were.  I kept trying to figure out where I had seen you before when we were at the meeting.  Sorry if I stared at you,” he laughed, then suddenly looked toward his lap as if in deep thought.
A slow smile crept across my face.  So he was staring at me.  No, he was just trying to figure out who I was and nothing more.  Hopefully he didn’t realize who my father was.
“It was a very nice gesture.  Do you always do things like that?” He asked quizzically.  
“I don’t know; it just seemed like the right thing to do.  The poor lady was flustered and couldn’t find her money, the guy behind her was being a jerk, and her kid was hungry,” I stated.  I really didn’t think anything of it; the lady needed a break, and I was able to give her one. 
“Most people would have just been annoyed.  Luckily we were in the other line or Nathan would have lost his patience.” He chuckled. 
“If I remember correctly, Nathan was oblivious, lost in a conversation on his phone.”
He laughed, “Nathan is always oblivious while he’s on the phone.”  Tyler leaned back in his seat and stared at me with a grin.  I couldn’t help but grin back at him.  His smile was infectious.
My phone started to buzz again. Tyler looked down toward my pocket as he took another bite of his sandwich.  I silenced it without looking at it.
“So are you close with your brothers?” I asked, trying to ignore my phone.  
“I guess you could say so, more Nathan than Mitch.  Mitch and I don’t always see eye to eye.  He’s a lot like my father,” he grumbled.
“What is your father like?” Now I was the one asking inappropriate questions.  
He looked torn, as if he wasn’t sure he was going to answer me. “My father is very… controlling.  He wants to control our lives without actually being in them.”  
“I know what that feels like.” I muttered.
“Oh?  I thought Maxwell Stine was a family man?” Shit.  He knew the relation.  My eyes widened.  I didn’t know how to respond.
“I’m assuming you are related.  He does have a daughter named Rebecca, or so I’ve read.”  
I grimaced.  “What exactly have you read?”  He tilted his head to the side, as if surprised I didn’t know what he was talking about.
“There was an article in the paper about the expansion of the arena.  The reporter asked your dad if he had signed with a contractor yet, and he said he was going to ask his daughter who just received a job at Conklin Architecture. ”
My face paled as my eyes opened even wider.  Holy shit, why would my dad say that?  My cover was gone.  People would know I was back in Grand Rapids.  I knew it would happen eventually, but I thought I’d have at least a month of peace.  My reaction must have answered his question.
“Hey, don’t worry about it.  The arena would be a great project for us to pick up,” he said, trying to meet my eyes, sincerity all over his face.  
My phone buzzed again.  I rolled my eyes and tilted my head to the side, “I’m sorry…” I murmured as I reached for my phone.  This time it wasn’t a phone call; it was a picture message.  I looked in horror as I saw a delicate hand with a huge diamond on its ring finger.  The name above the picture was Ashlynn.  Holy fuck.
I felt like my chest was going to cave in.  My eyes were glued to the screen on my phone, as my eyebrows furrowed in, rage?  Shock?  Pain?  I didn’t know what I was feeling.  
“Is everything alright?  You look like you’ve just seen a ghost,” Tyler asked with concern.
I couldn’t speak right away.  I set my phone on the table and covered my eyes with my hands.  Tyler grabbed my phone and looked at the screen.
“Is there a reason why an engagement ring would upset you so much?” He questioned.
I peeked at him through my hands and sighed, “It’s extremely complicated.”
He cocked his head at me, “I’m sure I can keep up.”  Did I really want to let him into my crazy past?  Why was he so interested anyway?  
Probably because you just fell apart in front of him because of a text message.
He looked at me and willed me to explain the text.  I took a deep breath and started to talk.
“It wouldn’t have bothered me so much if I hadn’t dated the man who asked her to marry him.”  Dated wasn’t the right word, madly in love with was.  Or at least I thought I was madly in love with him.  His eyes softened a little and urged me to continue talking.
“The girl’s a childhood friend.  It’s a really messed up situation.  I dated him, Connor, for three years.  We went to college together and so did Ashlynn… the girl.  I guess somehow we drifted apart and Ashlynn managed to fill the gap.”
“Did he cheat on you?” Tyler’s voice was stern. 
 I nodded.
“And she’s texting you a picture of her engagement ring?” He was baffled.
“She still wants to be best friends,” I whispered.
“How long ago did this happen?” 
I kept my eyes on the table.  “I walked in on them sleeping together just before my last semester of my Master’s.   It was about a year and a half ago.”
His jaw dropped. “And she’s still sending you text messages?  Does she try to contact you often?”
“I told you, she wants to be best friends still.”
“How the hell can she still be your best friend?  She took your boyfriend of three years!  Why don’t you change your number?” He exclaimed.  
The truth? “I guess I don’t want to make her feel bad.”
Tyler looked at me dumbfounded with his beautiful eyes.  “Becca, what she did to you is un-forgivable.  It’s time to cut the cord.”
A small smile crept on my lips.  He sounded like Jamie.  She’s going to freak when I show her this.  My small smile slowly turned into a frown.  That was supposed to be my diamond.  I suddenly felt the uncontrollable urge to cry.
Fighting tears in my eyes, I said, “It’s getting late, would you be offended if I left?”
“No, not at all.  Let me walk you back to your car in the building ramp.”  His voice went from anger to velvet.
“I actually walk to work.  I have a condo at River House.  You don’t have to walk me; you haven’t even finished your food.”
Tyler snorted, “It’s after midnight, of course I’ll walk you.  Do you know how many homeless people and drunks are out there at this hour on a Friday night?”
I stood up and grabbed my bag.  “Thank you.”  I could barely talk.  His eyes softened at me.  Right then and there I wanted him to wrap his arms around me.  They looked big and strong, no doubt he worked out.  
We walked silently down the streets, passing random groups of friends laughing and having a good time.  I tried to not look miserable, but I couldn’t help but let my mind go to Connor and Ashlynn.  No doubt she would want a big wedding here.  She would probably even want me to be in the wedding.  I couldn’t stomach that.  The thought made tears fall from my eyes.  I was falling apart in front of this gorgeous man that I had just met and better yet, he was my boss’s boss.  What a way to start a working relationship.
We walked through Ah-Nab-Awen Park along the Grand River.  I needed to get my mind off of this mess.  I blurted out the first thing that came to my mind once I gained my composure.  “You said you were going to Chicago tomorrow.  Do you go there often?”
“I get there at least once a week.  My father is normally there.  Nathan and I tend to monitor Grand Rapids and Cleveland more often.  Nathan and I part ways and take turns going between Chicago and Cleveland,” he said coolly.
“And your brother Mitchell?” I asked.
“He bounces from city to city.  He’s an on-site kind of guy.  He has no business being in the buildings.  His assistant handles his work.  Our construction would fall apart if it weren’t for Tony.” 
I could tell by Tyler’s tone he was easily irritated with his little brother.  Mitchell was probably only 23 or 24, around my age.  I couldn’t imagine being in charge of an entire department.  I had enough on my plate being a junior architect.  Then I thought of Tyler.  He was only 28, and he managed one of the most successful firms in the Midwest.  
“It must be a lot of pressure, for all of you.” I said.  He stopped walking and leaned on the bar separating us from the river.  
“It’s not that bad, we all manage.  It was a lot easier when my grandfather was around.  He was a very good example on how to handle the company.  My father… not so much.”  He sighed.  
He looked so sad all of the sudden.  I instantly felt like I was intruding on his feelings by his facial emotions.  I needed to change the subject again.  
“The river is very pretty at night.  I love how the lights hit the water from the city.”  
Tyler looked over to me and smiled.  I think he knew I was trying to change the subject.  How did we keep getting into these intimate conversations?  We barely knew each other! 
“Yes, it is.” His grin was mischievous.  It felt like it had inner meaning.
“What?” I had a puzzled look on my face.
“Nothing.  Shall we keep walking?” He shook his head with the same grin on his face and stepped away from the railing.
I started to blush and began walking again.  

We finally made it to the entrance of my condo building.  “Thank you for walking me,” I said looking up at him.  
“It was my pleasure,” he smiled then turned serious.  “Are you going to be okay?”
I studied his face, trying to let what he asked me sink in.  “Yeah I’ll be fine.  Nothing a good soak in the tub and some wine can’t fix.   Sorry for kind of losing it back there.  What a way to impress my boss, eh?” I joked.
 He was still serious.  “Well, if you want to talk, you can call me.  I won’t sleep until I get on the plane at 6:00am.” 
Won’t sleep?  The plane ride to Chicago was only 45 minutes, how could he only work on 45 minutes of sleep?
Tyler held his hand out to me.  I didn’t understand what he wanted.  “Let me put my number in your phone.”  His eyes became intense.  I was hypnotized by them and reached in my pocket to hand him my phone.   Once he was done he handed it back to me, and I heard his phone ring.
I narrowed my eyes playfully at him, “Just in case you need to talk to me?  I must warn you, I will be sleeping and may not answer.”
He bit his lip, trying to hide his smirk.  “I just don’t like unknown numbers.  But, I’ll keep in mind that you like to sleep.”
“And… you don’t?” I asked.
“I sleep.  That’s what Sundays are for.”  
We looked down at our feet laughing then looked up at the same time and caught each other’s eye.  If I were in my old ways, I’d ask him to come upstairs.  But I was starting anew, and… he was my boss!  I had to remember that.  Fraternizing with management was never a good idea.  Jamie did it once, and it ended badly.
“Well, I should let you get to your bath.  Please only drown your sorrows and nothing else,” he said seriously.
I blushed.  
“Have a good night.” He lifted his hand as though he was going to touch my elbow, but quickly brought it back to his side, his eyes never leaving mine.  I turned to walk to the front entrance and pushed in my code to enter the building.
“Hey, Becca?” 
I turned my head to see him standing at the edge of the street.  “The guy you dated, he was an idiot for cheating on you.” His eyes burned into me as he said it, and his lips slipped into a grin as he turned to walk away.



Chapter 4



I stood in the elevator dazed.  Tyler Conklin, my boss, caused my head to fog.  I tried to not let my mind over think what had happened throughout the evening.  He was just being friendly, a nice guy.  I’m sure it didn’t mean anything, as bad as my body wanted it to.  
I walked out of the elevator and straight to my condo.  I opened the door, and Jamie was in the kitchen, pouring a giant glass of wine.  She looked up and grinned at me.  
Walking over to me with the glass of wine, she wrapped her arms around me without saying anything.  I’m sure she had gotten the text from Ashlynn.  Jamie had called her a bitch to her face at least three times, but Ashlynn didn’t get the picture.
“Here, you need this more than I do,” she said sympathetically, handing me the glass.  I took it and sat on the couch as Jamie poured another glass.  Once her glass was filled to the top, she came and sat next to me.
“I’d ask if you were fine, but I know you’re not.  Ashlynn is such a bitch.  I’m sure she sent you the ‘Connor-proposed’ text. ” Jamie rolled her eyes.
“Yeah, that bitch even took the kind of diamond I wanted,” I said taking a gulp of my wine.
Jamie looked at me as though confused.  “She sent you a picture?  She just sent me a text.  There were a bunch of people on the sent list; I guess I just assumed she sent you the same thing.”  Jamie was trying to control her anger.
I shrugged my shoulders and pulled out my phone.  Jamie quickly took it from me before I could go to the main screen.
She jerked her head back as she opened the screen.  “Tyler Conklin?  As in, Conklin Architecture, Tyler Conklin?”  She raised her eyebrow.  
Shit, he must have left the contact up.  I squirmed under her stare.“Maybe you are okay,” she slyly observed.  “Do share.”  She suddenly sat up straight while crossing her legs.
I shook my head.  “There isn’t anything to talk about.  He’s my boss.”
“And you just put his number in at 1:00am?”A thought quickly caught her mind, “Oh my God, did you just come from his place?”
I looked at her in horror.  “No!  I was working late, we went to grab something to eat, and that’s it.  I told you I wasn’t going to do that anymore,” I said appalled.  
“Sounds like a date to me, but whatever Becca.”  She focused on the phone and pulled up my text from Ashlynn.  “Did you notice she only sent this to you?” Jamie was fuming.  “Not that I ever thought Connor was the brightest pick of the bunch, but how can he not see what a bitch she is!”
“He probably didn’t know she only sent it to me.”
She shook her head at me, “Don’t stick up for him.  You need to get a new number.  She’s probably going to invite you to her wedding!   Or worse, she will probably want you to be in it!  You’re the only loon who puts up with her shit, and she’s fucking your ex-boyfriend!”
I had the sudden urge to giggle at her.  Maybe the wine was starting to hit me.  
She slowly started to laugh with me. “You are handling this very well.  I will never understand what goes on in that head of yours,” she said handing me my phone back.
“Me either,” I said, downing the last of my wine.  Getting up to refill my glass I asked her how her trip was.  I was impressed she was here so soon.  I figured it would be late Sunday night before she came in.
“It was great.  I got some junk food and a good book on tape; the trip went surprisingly fast.  My mother was a wreck before I left last night,” she said rolling her eyes. “But, I’m beat.  I’m going to get some sleep.  Remind me to tell your mother on Sunday thank you for the new bedspread and furniture.”
Crap, I forgot about family dinner.  My mother insisted we both start coming.  I hope she didn’t expect us to come every Sunday.
“Goodnight,” she called from her side of the condo.  I said goodnight back and downed my second glass of wine.  It was delicious and was going down way too easy.  I filled it again and headed for the tub, as Tyler put it, to drown my sorrows.  
My phone suddenly buzzed, and I pulled it out to look at it.  It was a text from Tyler.  Already?  I didn’t even think he would text me.

Drowning in your sorrows yet?  I should have offered to get you a bottle of wine. –Tyler

My face lit up at his text.

I’m heading there now, and don’t worry, my roommate welcomed me at the door with a full glass.  Are you on your way to the airport?   –Becca

Glad to hear it.  And yes, I’m on my way to the airport now.  I plan on sitting in Starbucks and doing some work.  I will accept interruptions. –Tyler

I set my phone down on the counter of the bathroom and held onto my wine, contemplating what was going through this man’s head.  If I had told Jamie everything, she would tell me he was interested, but that just couldn’t be the case.  I wasn’t well bred.  Yeah, I came from a classy family, but I was the odd duck of the bunch.  If anyone saw me standing next to my sister, Heather, they would think we were from different families.  She had long chocolate brown hair and big beautiful brown eyes while I had dull light brown hair that I tried to liven up with blond highlights.  My eyes were a very dull blue that didn’t stand out.  I remember for family pictures one year when I was 12 my mother bought me blue contacts so my eyes would pop out.  I tried not to think anything of it.  Heather had beautiful tan skin while I could only get a tan if I basked in the sun all day.  I had to work for my tan while Heather’s came more naturally.  The only thing I had on her was my schooling.  She had gotten pregnant when she was 19.  Luckily it was with her boyfriend, Ray Martel, a man who met our parent’s approval.  He was 24 at the time and was a promising young man at one of my father’s buildings and the son of the city’s judge.   Now she’s 22 with another one on the way.  Things worked out for her in that sense.  My parents still demanded she go to school.  So she takes classes every now and then, nothing in particular.  She wanted to be a trophy wife like my mother, and she was doing a very good job at it.
My brother, Michael, was a poster child as well.  He was the top in his class at Michigan State University and had an office full of patients.  He was a podiatrist.  Michael got the good genes like my sister.  Brown hair, brown eyes, tan skin.  They were both spitting images of my father.  I looked just like my mother, but somehow she was beautiful, and I was average.
I started to run the bath water and began to undress.  I examined myself in the full length mirror.  Uh, I hated that I had stretch marks.  They were faint, but I could still see them.  I poked and prodded at my body, obsessing over where I felt too big or where I needed more help.  I said I was a C cup, but really was a B.  I could squeeze into a size four, but felt more comfortable in a six.  The problem was my butt.  It was out there.  I worked so hard to make it taut, but it still had its presence, and because of it I’d never be a size two.  I looked a lot better than a year ago; I could give myself that much.  
I hopped into the bathtub.  It stung my toes, but was very welcoming.  I had a very good buzz going, and it helped me to forget about Connor and Ashlynn.  Instead I started to think about Tyler.  He was so attractive, tall and broad, at least 6ft, and had a chiseled jaw with the perfect amount of scruff with it.  I thought about what it would be like to run my fingers over it.  His lips weren’t too pouty, and I’m sure he knew how to use them.  I thought of his eyes and sighed.  They had such softness to them, but yet could go hard instantly.  Tyler had shown me his softer side tonight unlike in the elevator.  I liked that about him.  Will had said he didn’t say much, but tonight he was quite talkative.  Maybe he just puts on a hard exterior at work?  I leaned my head back and closed my eyes.  He would never go for me.  I’d be put in the friend zone because that is where I always went.  
Once the water became colder I dragged myself out of the bath.  My muscles were so relaxed, and my skin felt smooth and delicate.  I put on my robe and drained the bath water.  Grabbing my phone and the empty wine glass, I went into my room and lay on my bed.  Should I call Tyler?  What would be my excuse?  I didn’t want to talk about Connor with him; ex-boyfriend baggage is not a good conversation starter.  Maybe I’ll just send him a text…

You will be happy to know my sorrows are down the drain, and I successfully remained above water. –Becca

A ping came on the screen almost instantly.

I was beginning to worry.  Glad your sorrows are gone, that jerk doesn’t deserve your tears.  Sorry I wasn’t there to lend a shoulder to cry on-Tyler

Hmm…

I figured it would have been very un-lady like of me to invite you in… -Becca

I bit my lip.  Another instant ping.

You should go to sleep.  I think the wine is starting to talk.  Goodnight Becca. –Tyler

I huffed.  Well, I’d be embarrassed about that in the morning.  I threw my phone to the side of my bed and buried myself under the covers and zonked.


***

The next morning came too quickly.  I looked at my alarm clock and it was 8:30am, way too early for a Saturday.  I rolled over and felt something poking me under my rib cage.  It was my cell phone.  I pulled it out and glanced at it.  I had three missed calls, a text, and a voicemail. 
 
I wouldn’t have thought you to be un-lady like at all, simply wanting a friend to talk to.  I hope you weren’t offended by me saying the wine was talking. –Tyler

I smiled at the text then listened to my voicemail.

 “Well I’m guessing the wine put you to sleep rather fast since you haven’t replied to my texts.  I hope you have a great weekend… and thank you for a wonderful evening. ”

He sounded so nervous.  Almost worried?  I told him I made it out of the bathtub, what else did he have to worry about?  I was suddenly super embarrassed by my un-lady like comment.  I totally insinuated I wanted him to come upstairs for other reasons!  How was I going to face him at work?  The wine pushed the fact that he was my boss out of my mind.  I really need to watch how much I drink.  I decided to text him.

Sorry, I fell asleep.  Wine can have that effect on me.  I had a wonderful evening too.  Thank you for the tea.  I hope your flight sat for a while on the tarmac so you could sleep longer. -Becca

Ping.  Gosh, is he always this quick on his phone?

Watch out for that wine, and you are very welcome for the tea.  Unfortunately I was sitting next to someone who was snoring, and was unable to sleep.  I’ll be the one not responding to texts on Sunday if you so choose to send me any. -Tyler

Snorers are the worst.  May I suggest ear plugs? -Becca

Couldn’t you have suggested that last night? -Tyler

I giggled. 

Sorry, my mind was on wine and bubbles. -Becca 

And on your dreamy eyes.

Better that than ex-boyfriends and ex-friends.  I better get back to my meeting.  No one wants to stay here longer than they have to on a Saturday.   Have a good weekend. -Tyler

Thanks, you too. -Becca.

Now I was wide awake.  I plugged my phone in since I passed out without thinking to charge it the night before, and decided to hit the gym before Jamie got up.  When I walked out into the kitchen I was in shock; she was sitting on the barstool drinking coffee and playing with her phone.
“You’re up awfully early for a Saturday,” I said.
She blew out her nose and kept playing with her phone.  “I have a ton of crap to unpack.  I was so tired last night I left half of it in my car.  As you can see, I’m getting very far.”
Going to the gym got put on the back burner and I decided to help Jamie unpack the rest of her things.  It took us four elevator trips to get the rest of her stuff.  We could have had the bell man do it, but we were both so independent. And why not?  We were perfectly capable.  We finally got all of her things unloaded by dinner time and decided to order out since cooking sounded like no fun.  We agreed on Chinese.  
“Uh, how can you eat that plain chicken and veggie crap.  A little bit of fried rice would spice things up for you.”  She nudged me.
“After last night, my life is spicy enough,” I sighed.  
Her eyes narrowed.  “Spicy because of a picture text?  Or spicy because of your boss?”
“Both.  Ashlynn called me three times today.  I don’t want to answer it.  It’s not that I want Connor anymore, it’s just uncomfortable territory.”
“And the other spice…”Jamie hinted.
I tilted my head and narrowed my eyes at her, “The other spice is my boss, and I doubt he’s into me.  He’s dropped dead gorgeous and way out of my league.  I wouldn’t be able to keep up with him.”
Jamie giggled, “Oh I’m sure you could keep up with him.”
I threw my head back and laughed, “That is so not what I meant!”
We both laughed. “Besides, moving here was to get away from men.  Jumping into something the week I got here would be bogus.”
“Who said you had to jump into it?  See how it plays out.  He practically owns the company; he has to be good husband material,” she said, sitting up and putting her empty plate in the dishwasher.
She almost sounded like my mother.  I didn’t want someone just because they would be good husband material.  That was what Connor was and look how well that turned out.


***

By Sunday morning Jamie and I finally had our condo looking and feeling like home.  We both slept in and took our time getting ready to go to my parents for Sunday dinner.  They lived about 20 minutes from the city.  I hadn’t had time to get a car yet, so I told my mother it would be okay if Roger chauffeured us.  He arrived timely and met us at our front door.
“Hi Roger, you remember Jamie Rae?”
He put his hand out to Jamie, “Of course.  How are you ladies doing this afternoon?”  He was polite as always.  We all went down the elevator and hopped into the Navigator.  I was fidgety the entire time.
“Would you relax?  Your mother can’t possibly say anything to embarrass you in front of me.  I have heard everything from that crazy woman.” Jamie frowned.
 “I’m just hoping she hasn’t heard about Ashlynn and Connor,” I whispered.  My mother was livid when she found out what happened between the three of us.  For once she took my side.  She was still good friends with Ashlynn’s mother and even brought it up to her.  Ashlynn’s mother was just like her daughter and tried to make it sound like it was bound to happen because Connor and I weren’t a good match.  My mother couldn’t believe Ashlynn’s mom was defending her actions.  I guess she hadn’t talked to her ever since they fought about the infidelity.  It made me happy she was on my side, but like Jamie, she was furious I let Ashlynn still be in my life.  But she wasn’t in my life, not really.  I tried to block her out, at least mentally.  I never talked to her the same way, rarely answered her calls or text messages.  But whenever I would, she would act like nothing had changed.
We pulled up to my parent’s estate and walked to the front door.  My mother was there instantly to greet us with open arms.  “I’m so glad you girls could make it!  Wow Becca, you are almost to your goal weight finally, aren’t you?  Jamie, you look sensational as always!”  Jamie grimaced at my mother’s crude comment to me.  I just shook my head and let it slide.  I was used to her opening her mouth and not being able to control what she said.
It looked like Jamie and I were the only ones who would be joining my parents for family dinner.  My brother was sick and Heather and Ray were still on vacation.  My parents were watching my niece, Josie.  
We all sat down in the living room while Josie played with her toys on the floor.  My father opened his arms for me to come hug him as he sat in his chair reading the newspaper.  He always looked so peaceful; you would never know he rarely slept and practically ran a city.
“So darling, how are you doing?”  My mother asked me as if I were a small child.  The tone she took with me told me she knew about Connor and Ashlynn and didn’t know if I had heard.
“I’m fine mom.  Work is keeping me busy, and now Jamie is here.  I have nothing to put me down.”
My mother’s face went pale. 
“Mom, I know about the engagement.  You don’t have to walk on eggshells around me.  It’s fine, I hope they’re happy,” I whispered.
Jamie let out a loud groan, “I hope that bitch trips and falls down the aisle!”
My mother winced at Jamie’s curse, but then agreed, “Yes, she doesn’t deserve Connor.”
Oh gosh, not this rant again. 
“Connor is a well-respected young man; he doesn’t deserve to be with a prissy selfish girl like Ashlynn,” my mother said matter of fact. 
“He doesn’t deserve to be with anyone!” Jamie sneered.
My father tried to suppress his laughter while my mother looked sheepish.  Seeing this conversation was going nowhere, I stood up and said, “Is dinner ready?  Can I help with anything?”  Can I do anything besides talk about Connor?


***

“Well, nothing beats a dinner at the Stine household,” Jamie sighed.  “How did you live with that?”
I shook my head, “You wondered why I was so reserved.  I had to hide under the rug in that house.”
“Well Becca, your siblings skipped out on dinner, so we can skip out now, too!” She said, hitting my thigh.  “You just need to learn how to say no, Bec.”
Roger dropped us off at the condo and said goodbye.  It was only 4:00pm, and I wondered what Tyler was doing.  He said he slept all day on Sundays, but maybe he meant he just lounged?  
“I’m going to go lay down for a bit,” I said to Jamie, wandering to my side of the condo.   She shrugged her shoulders and went off to her hallway.
I laid on my bed and stared at my phone.  Should I text him?  Call him?  It’s less invasive if I text, so if he were sleeping he wouldn’t hear it.  Oh what the hell.  I grabbed my phone and started to text.

I hope you are enjoying your lazy day :o)-Becca

I sat and stared at my phone, willing it to buzz with a text from him.  I sat, and sat, and sat.  Nothing.  I sighed and decided to jump in the hot tub and try not to daydream about him.


***

The next morning, I still hadn’t received a text from Tyler.  I thought it was strange, but maybe he was sleeping and saw it then forgot about it?  Then I thought to myself, why do I care?  It’s not like we were dating or even good friends.  Maybe he just didn’t receive my text.
All day Monday and Tuesday I was very aware of my surroundings at work.  I kept hoping to see Tyler.  I saw Nathan once, but no Tyler following after him.  Then Wednesday morning on my way into the building I saw him standing and looking at the statue in front of the Conklin building.  Suddenly feeling nervous, I debated about walking up to him.  He still hadn’t answered my text or called.  I slowly approached him as his eyes were still fixed on the statue.
“Hey, did you have a good time in Chicago?” My voice practically squeaked.
He slowly turned his head to look at me then back to the statue with a blank expression.  “Business as usual,” he sighed.
The air was heavy, and I didn’t know what else to say.  Obviously he had things on his mind.  “Well… I guess I’ll see you around,” was the only thing I could think to say.
He gave me a nod then pulled out his phone.  I quickly walked into the building, wishing I hadn’t approached him.  
My day dragged on until lunch.  I decided to go sit outside and enjoy the crisp fall day.  Soon winter would be here and it would be too cold to be outside.  I sat on the bench, trying desperately to push Tyler and his bleakness toward me this morning out of my head.  Then I heard an ear splitting voice from behind me.



Chapter 5



“Becca!  I have been trying to get ahold of you!  Is your phone broken?” Ashlynn screeched.  People on the other side of the busy street could hear her she was so loud.
“Hey… Ashlynn.  What are you doing here?” I croaked.
“Oh Becca!  I’m setting up my shop!  My mom said you were working for Conklin, so since you weren’t returning my calls or messages I thought I’d stop by!” she said to me as though I were a loon.  I tried to muster a smile.  My stomach wanted to hurl out of my mouth and into her lap.  I hated that she looked perfect.  She had her blonde hair in an intricate braid, and she was wearing a light blue low cut blouse and tight white pants with extremely high blue heels.  She must have been six inches taller than usual.  I felt frumpy sitting in front of her.  I was wearing dark khaki pants and a burnt orange button up blouse.  I hastily threw my hair up and only had time to put on mascara, and slid my feet into flats instead of pumps.
“Well I have been trying to call you because,” she threw her hand out at me, “Connor proposed! Isn’t that exciting!”  
I tried to smile at her.  “That’s great Ashlynn.”
“I know, right?  Anyway, since we are engaged now, we both want to build a house together. ”
Oh no, where is she going with this…
“We both thought you would be the perfect person to do the blueprints!” She was overly excited.
My face paled, “Ashlynn, I don’t know.  I do commercial.”  It was a plea.
“Oh don’t be silly.  I know you would rather do residential.  I’ve seen your plans.  They’re very good.  Please, Becca it would mean so much to me.” She pouted her lips.  Before I could even think, the words slipped out of my mouth.
“Okay, I guess I can help you out.”
Her grin was devilish, “Thank you Becca!” she exclaimed, giving me a hug. “How about Friday?  Can we meet you here?”
“Sure, but I have to get back.  My lunch is over,” I lied. 
“Okay, I get it!  See you Friday,” she said, walking off swaying her hips.  I noticed a man sitting on a bench ten feet down from me watch her every move.  I was disgusted. 
I practically ran inside into the bathroom.  I could hardly breathe.  Why the hell did I just say yes to that?  Tears threatened my eyes as I stared in the mirror.  My life couldn’t get any worse.
When I finally gained my composure, I went back to my cubicle and tried to focus on my current project.  I noticed I had an email from Will.

Becca,

Thursday morning we are going to visit a client in Ludington to discuss starting plans for Enterprise Yachts, a yacht warehouse and company building.  Management wants you to come.  Would you mind an overnight stay?  We would be back by Friday evening.

Will Summers
Head of the Commercial Architecture Department  
Conklin Architecture, Construction, and Design

Thank God!  An out!

Will,

I would love to come.
Becca Stine
Junior Commercial  Architect
Conklin Architecture, Construction, and Design.


Awesome!  We are meeting here at 7:00am tomorrow morning.  

Will Summers
Head of Architecture Department  
Conklin Architecture, Construction, and Design

I quickly pulled out my cell to text Ashlynn that I couldn’t meet with her on Friday.  I had no idea if I’d make it back in time to meet with her.  She replied with a frown face and rescheduled for the next Friday.  I had a week and a half to loath over it.  Great.
When I got home from the gym Jamie was starting to cook dinner.  
“How was work, honey,” she joked.  
I smiled back at her, “Lovely, and your day?”  
“Eh, it was okay,” she shrugged. 
Jamie wasn’t too sure about her new job at the marketing firm.  The whole 9 to 5 job wasn’t her ideal lifestyle.  “But, I did meet a few new co-workers.  They were telling me about the Crush night club in The B.O.B.  They invited us to go with them this Saturday, are you game?” She sounded nervous to ask me.
“Sure, but I’m going to be out of town until Friday night for work,” I said enthusiastically.  I didn’t realize how excited I was for the trip.  My mind had been on crazy Ashlynn.  I decided to not tell Jamie about my visit with her. 
Jamie raised her eyebrow, “Ah… night away with the boss?”  I glared at her.  
“I doubt Tyler is coming.”
She smirked. “Who said I was talking about Tyler, isn’t he your boss’s boss?” I was stone faced.  Jamie laughed, “Why don’t you just admit you like him?  And go for it!  He’s hot.  I saw the picture of him you left up on your laptop.” Shit.  I need to remember to keep my stuff on my side of the condo.
“I told you, he isn’t into me.  He said three words to me today, and that was it.  He wasn’t smiley and flirty like he was Friday night.” I blurted out.
“Um, you never said he was flirty.  When are you going to stop holding out on me?” She sounded wounded.
“Look, all he told me was he thought Connor was crazy for cheating on me.  And texted me a few times Friday night and left a message while I was asleep.” I tried to not sound interested.
“Hold up, you told him about Connor?  You never talk about that,” she whispered.
“I got the picture text while I was with him.  It all just sort of spilled out.  He was asking all these probing questions.  I was having trouble deflecting them,” I grumbled.
“Well, if he’s going with you, I say you go for it.  What’s the worst that could happen?”
“It would be forever awkward with my boss’s boss.”  We both turned and laughed at each other.


***

Morning came fast, and I had my bag all packed and ready to go to Ludington.  I walked to work and froze when I got in the main lobby.  Will was standing talking to Corey, smiling and laughing about something.   Just past them was Tyler, leaning against the security check, his eyes fixed on me.  Was he coming with us?  Maybe he was just going to talk to Will before we left.  Then I noticed he had a small duffle bag next to his feet.  I was suddenly glad I woke up 20 minutes early to straighten my hair and spend time on my makeup and was really happy I decided to wear my black pumps instead of flats.  Maybe I should unbutton the top two buttons of my white blouse?  What are you talking about?  You’re not here to impress him, you are here to kick ass at work!  Right, I’m only supposed to care if he took me seriously as an architect.
“Hey, there you are!  Ready to go?”  Will said, his eyes sparkling. 
Tyler looked at Will and furrowed his eyebrows.  
Before I could answer, Tyler opened his mouth to speak, “Ok Will, Nathan will take you and Corey in his car, Becca can come with me.  We should head out now so we aren’t late.  Jessica and Cooper already left.” 
Will and Corey blanched at his bluntness.  I didn’t even see Nathan.  As if Tyler was reading my mind he said, “Nathan is getting the car.  He will be out front momentarily.  Becca?” He motioned for me to follow him.  Will urged me to go with him, as if to say it was okay.  I gulped and followed Tyler with my head down.  This was going to be awkward.
I hopped into Tyler’s black Maserati.  He took my bag from me and threw it in the back and gracefully slid into the driver’s seat.  We sat in silence.  It looked like he was brewing over something.  He finally broke the silence once we were on the highway. 
“I’m sorry I didn’t text you back Sunday,” he mumbled.  
I didn’t know how to respond.  Why is he saying sorry for this?  It wasn’t a big deal he didn’t text me back, maybe a bit rude, but that happens. 
“You said you wouldn’t text me if I texted you on Sunday.  It’s really not a big deal,” I said shyly.
“I was joking.  But I’m sorry, I have had a busy week.  I don’t want you to think I was ignoring you.” He sounded sincere.
“Tyler, really it’s fine.” I turned to look at him.
His eyes looked indecisive.  We sat in silence again.  It was so awkward, nothing like last Friday night. 
“Well, this client is a big opportunity for us to pick up.  They’re quickly expanding.  They could help us venture out to the coastlines, ” he said, breaking the air.
“Well then we better bring our A-game.”
He smiled, “And that is why I wanted you to come.”
Is that the only reason why?  I secretly asked in my head.  I remember Will’s email said management wanted me to come.  It must have been Tyler.  I was trying to hide my blush.  He noticed and looked amused.  “Is something wrong?”  he flirted.  Now he was becoming playful again.  I liked this side of him.
I turned to him biting my lip, trying to hold my embarrassment and shook my head, no.


***

We spent the day touring Enterprise Yachts’ current facility that they wanted to replicate and update.  I had taken notes on my iPad and did some rough sketches.  It was very overwhelming.  I had never thought it would be this big.  Enterprise Yachts would not be disclosing the location of their new building until they chose which architecture firm they were going to use.  I could tell Tyler was tense about it.  He followed alongside Nathan as he chatted with the owner.  Nathan really knew how to bring on the charm.  Tyler did too, when he was smiling.  I caught a glimpse of him smiling every now and then throughout the day.  It was to die for, nice white straight teeth; it was dazzling.  A few times he would catch me looking at him, and I tried not to look flustered.
After the long day of watching Nathan work his magic and studying the immaculate yacht warehouse, it was 7:00pm and we all went back to the hotel for dinner and drinks.  I decided to pass.  I was too tired.  I couldn’t wait to get into my room and relax. I got my key and started heading to the elevator.  Tyler started to run up beside me from the bar.
“Hi,” his eyes glittered. “’You’re not going to get a drink with everyone?”
“No, I’m pretty tired.” I glanced out the window and saw a hot tub.  Shoot, I should have brought my bathing suit.  My tired body could go for that right now.  
“Do you want me to carry your bag?” He held his hand out as we walked onto the elevator.  I gave him a puzzled look.  So now he was going to be nice again?  He had ignored me all day with the others around.  
Tyler was caught off guard by my reaction.  “Is something wrong?”
I gave him a blank stare, “No, I… aren’t you going to have a drink with everyone?” I quickly changed the subject.
He squirmed under my stare.  “I was going to change into some jeans and go for a walk on the beach.”  He paused and looked at me, “I thought maybe you would like to come with me?” He gulped.
“Okay, let me change.  Meet you in the lobby?” I was very uncertain with my answer.  
“We can walk down together.  We are on the same floor.  I’ll wait for you outside your room when you’re done,” Tyler said.
We both went our separate ways to our rooms.  Good thing I packed my favorite jeans.  I threw on a t-shirt and a dark blue hoodie.  It was the middle of October and the breeze by the water was very chilly.  I was impressed we had gotten a hotel on the water.  I threw my hair up; it was flat from the day’s activities, and my makeup needed some freshening as well.  I only touched up my eyes and made sure my mascara wasn’t falling down my cheeks.  I really didn’t look like anything spectacular.  Not that I could figure out if I needed to look my best with this mercurial man.  Why was he so moody?
I opened my door, and Tyler was leaning on the opposite side of the wall with his hands behind his back.  He was wearing worn light blue jeans and a black fleece jacket.  He was utterly beautiful.  I felt like a rag doll standing in front of him.  
“Ready?”  I nodded my head and followed him to the stairs.  We were on the second floor so it didn’t take us long to get to the main floor.  We walked out the side entrance past the pool and hot tub.  It was chillier than I thought, so I wrapped my arms around my chest.
We walked in silence toward the pier.  I didn’t really know what to say to him. 
“So, do you have any plans this weekend?” I tentatively asked.
He looked down at his feet.  “I’m not sure, you?”
“I’ll probably do something with my roommate to avoid my family dinner on Sunday.” He gave me a questioning look that made me feel like I had to further explain.  “My mom always does a family dinner on Sundays.  It’s the one day my dad doesn’t work, and she always wants all of us to come.”
“Why would you want to avoid it?”
I shrugged my shoulders.  “Do you enjoy your family dinners?” I said raising my eyebrows.
He laughed, “We don’t have family dinners.  My mother has her personal chef cook every now and then for us, but my father is hardly ever there.  We had them a lot when my grandparents were alive though.  I didn’t mind those.” 
He was sad again.  But this time I didn’t want to change the subject.
“You loved your grandparents a lot, didn’t you?” I asked timidly.
He stopped and sat down on the edge of the pier, letting his legs dangle over the side.  The waves gently slapped the concrete six feet below us.  I slowly sat down next to him.  The sound of the water reminded me of when I was in high school jumping off the pier with my friends.  
Tyler still didn’t answer me.  I could see his face in the moonlight.  He looked so sad.  Slowly he turned his head toward me, his eyes looking raw.
“My grandparents were wonderful.  They were there for me more than my parents.”  He looked at me as though he wanted me to save him, but I didn’t know from what. “When my grandfather died, I felt like a big chunk of me broke off.  I didn’t know who to turn to for anything.  I’m a very private man to begin with, but business wise, my grandfather was my go-to guy.  My brothers and I looked up to him a lot.”
I didn’t know what to say.  He was so exposed out here in the open with the water surrounding us and the moon lighting our expressions.
“What’s the best memory you have about them?” I wanted him to become happy again.  My question was starting to work because a half smile crept on his face.  “My papa taught me how to play baseball.”  His eyes started to glitter with excitement. “He would always spend time teaching me how to throw and hit.  Nathan was never interested, and Mitchell was too young at the time.  My papa was the reason why I played baseball for the University of Michigan.”
That was something new I didn’t know.  He must have been good to play for a Big Ten team.  “What position did you play?”
His smiled turned boyish.  “First base.  I could switch hit too; Papa taught me that.  I could have been drafted right into the majors.  It was always my dream to play for the Cubs.”
I wiggled my nose.  “The Cubs?”
Tyler laughed.  “What?  Not like I’d want to play for the Tigers.”
I gasped playfully.  He looked at me admiringly.
“And your grandmother?” His face grew softer with the moonlight.
“She was wonderful,” he sighed.  “She would let me help her cook.  We would mainly make cookies and cakes of course.” 
I tilted my head in awe at him.  It was obvious he loved his grandparents very much.  I didn’t know my grandparents.  My father was an eager foster kid and my mother’s parents died when she was young.  That is why they were so good for each other; they were all each other had.  
He looked down at the water with contentment. 
I slowly reached my hand over to his.  His breathing hitched at the contact as he quickly turned his head to me.  Suddenly I felt embarrassed and pulled my hand away.  
Shit.  I just ruined a perfectly good moment.
“Becca… I…” Tyler stuttered in confusion.
I quickly stood up flustered.  “I’m sorry, I…”
He stood up in front of me.  I couldn’t bear to look at him.  He slowly grabbed my hand, lacing his fingers with mine. “I’m sorry.  I’m not used to this.”
Used to what? I turned my head up to him.  He still looked very confused.  I decided not to question him.  He turned to start walking again, not letting go of my hand.  



***
We didn’t say anything the rest of the way back to the hotel.  His grip was so tight on my hand, he held it as though he was going to be sucked into the lake if he let go.
Tyler stopped just as we got back to the hotel.  He pulled me in front of him, still grasping my hand.  “Thank you,” he whispered.
“You’re welcome.”  I searched his eyes, not sure why he was thanking me.  His breathing changed as his eyes bore into mine.  My hand still in his, he brought it up to his face so the back of my hand was touching his cheek.  He sighed in contentment and leaned into my hand.  His eyes relaxed, the tension leaving his face.  Was he nervous for my touch?  He seemed so sensitive to it.  The contact felt so intimate, all I wanted to do was push my body up against him and wrap my arms around his waist.  His chest looked so comforting.  But I couldn’t gain the courage to snuggle up against him.
He opened his eyes and gazed at me.  Tyler’s soft eyes were all the encouragement I needed.  I started to move my hand to his waist and lifted my chin while closing my eyes.  He grasped my hand before it found his waist.  I sucked in a breath of air, startled by his sudden movement.  Before I could breathe out his mouth was on mine. 
Any tension in my body evaporated once his lips were on mine.  Tyler had my hands in a vice grip as he deepened the kiss.  His tongue caressed mine, causing me to melt into his chest.  I wanted his arms wrapped around me.  I wanted to run my hands through his hair, but he held them pinned against my sides.  He let out a soft groan into my mouth when I pushed forward, opening my mouth wider, urging his tongue to dance closer with mine.  His hands squeezed our interlaced fingers, pulling them up so our elbows were bent, bringing one hand back to the side of his face as our tongues kept exploring one another.  Man, did he know how to kiss intimately.  My body was starting to rev up, and the small voice in my head inviting him back to my hotel room was becoming louder and louder.
But then, he suddenly jerked back, dropping my hands.  His head whipped toward the hotel.  I tried to gain my composure, my head still spinning from the bluntness of his kiss.  When I finally came back to reality, I followed his head to the hotel.  Someone was sitting on a pool chair talking on the phone.  It wasn’t anyone I recognized.
Tyler shook his head, looking utterly torn.  “I um… I should get back to my room and get to bed.”
I didn’t know what to say.  How could he turn himself off so fast like that?  I felt denied.  Did he regret kissing me?  
“Yeah, I’m pretty tired.  Have a good night,” I murmured, sliding past him, bolting for the stairs fighting back tears, feeling shot down.  
“Becca, wait!” Tyler yelled, following me in the stairwell.  I stopped midway up the stairs, refusing to turn and show him my tears.  I felt his breath behind me on my neck.  I imagined his lips just below my ear.  My breath got shaky from the thought.
“Can I walk you to your room?” He sounded flustered.  I didn’t say anything, afraid my voice would give away how he had gotten to me.  He gently took my hand and led me up the stairs as I kept my eyes on the ground.
Before we walked through the door to the hallway Tyler scanned the space in front of us.  Gripping my hand even tighter, he led the way to my hotel room door.  Once in front of my room, I bravely peeked up at him.  He looked so scared again.  It made my heart hurt.
He sighed, “Have a good night, Becca.”
I nodded and opened my door to walk in. Before he could say anything else, I closed the door with him standing in the hallway looking at his feet.  I locked the door and threw myself on the bed and the dam broke.
I felt used again.  He had only kissed me, but the intimacy of the kiss was so much more.  Why did he cower away so quickly?  It had to affect him, at least a little bit.  The intensity of his kiss was too much for it not to have.   I turned my phone to silent and cried myself to sleep.




Chapter 6



My eyes opened to the sound of the radio alarm in the hotel room.  Rubbing my eyes, I tried to adjust my sight to the light, but my vision was blurry from crying myself to sleep.  How stupid was I?  I never should have gone on a walk with him, and I never should have reached for his hand.  I started this mess.  And he was my boss. How was I going to face him today?  Walking into the bathroom I jumped in the shower in hopes it would turn me into a new person.
I sluggishly dragged myself out of the shower.  I looked in the mirror and sighed.  I put on a gray pencil skirt and a light blue button up blouse.  I threw my hair up in a messy bun, fussing with my side bangs.  I huffed as I looked in the mirror. Today was going to be horribly awkward.  I went back into the bedroom and grabbed my phone from the charger.  I had three texts and four missed calls.  They were all from Tyler.  My heart started to beat faster.
The first text was about a half hour after I closed the door last night.

Thank you for tonight. -Tyler

What? 

Fifteen minutes later.  

Are you ignoring my calls or sleeping? –Tyler

I rolled my eyes.  I don’t think I was ignoring him intentionally.  I only turned my phone on silent because I knew I’d reply to him or answer his calls if I had heard the ringer.

Another 15 minutes later.

I’m sorry.  Sleep well. -Tyler

This man was maddening.  Why exactly was he sorry?  Was he sorry that he stopped kissing me?  Sorry that he even kissed me in the first place?  Maybe he just felt weird how we parted and that was why he was sorry, because it was extremely weird.  He practically mauled my mouth then suddenly stopped, but then led me back to my room.  He was probably just trying to be a gentleman, and didn’t want me to feel awkward, but that was going to be impossible.
I packed up my things and walked down to the lobby.  There was a continental breakfast. 
Hopefully it wasn’t all bread and cereal.  I hadn’t started my morning with processed carbs in over a year.  Nathan was sitting at a table drinking coffee and eating a muffin.  He studied the paper looking stunning in his charcoal suit with a blue shirt and gray tie.  I eyed the table of food and noticed some hard boiled eggs.  Grabbing a plate, I put a few eggs on and decided to get a glass of orange juice.  Nathan saw me out of the corner of his eye.  Without taking his eyes off the paper he said, “Hey Becca, come join me.” 
I sat across from him and took a sip of my orange juice.  The sugar almost burned my throat, but overall it tasted sweet and refreshing. 
He set the paper flat on the table and put his hands under his chin to look at me,  “So, what did you do last night?”  All of a sudden I felt like I was sitting at the table with my father.  Was I supposed to tell him I was with Tyler?
I shrugged my shoulders, “I went for a walk on the pier and went to bed early.  Sorry I didn’t join you for drinks last night.” I wasn’t lying; I just didn’t say I wasn’t by myself.
He tilted his head, “It’s no big deal, and it was a nice night to go for a walk.  Tyler went for a walk too, I think.” I took another sip of my orange juice and looked down into my glass. He scratched his chin, “Did you see him?” I chewed my egg, trying to buy myself some more time.  
“Good morning, brother, Becca.” Tyler slid himself into the seat next to Nathan.  He was wearing a light gray suit with a light blue dress shirt and gray tie.  We could be matching.  His eyes were sparkling blue today and his hair was perfectly messy, held in place with gel.  
“Good morning.  I was just asking Becca if she saw you while she was walking on the pier last night.”
Tyler glanced at me and flexed his jaw, he nonchalantly said, “No, I didn’t.”  
I sucked in air, he was ashamed of me.  It all made sense now.  How quickly he pulled away from me when he heard the hotel door open in the middle of our kiss, how he checked the hall before he took my hand and walked me to my hotel room.  He didn’t want anyone to see us together because I wasn’t good enough for him.
Nathan looked at him skeptically then back to me.  I couldn’t finish my food.  I felt so awful.  I wanted to crawl under the table.  He said no so easily.  He just stared at the paper, as though he didn’t just crush me.  I got up quickly and deposited my plate with the others.  “I left something in my room, I’ll be right back.”  I had to get out of there before I let tears fall from my eyes.
I ran into the bathroom.  I hadn’t forgotten anything; I just needed to get as far away from Tyler as I could.  I took a few deep breaths and patted my eyes with Kleenex, hoping my mascara wouldn’t run.  Once I felt composed, I came out of the bathroom and went back into the lobby.  Everyone was standing there except Tyler and Cooper.  They must have already left.  
“Hey, Becca!  Tyler took your bag and put it in his car.  He and Cooper already left for Enterprise Yachts.  I told him it could fit in our car but he insisted he take it for you.”  Will said, walking up to me.
Why would he do that?  He clearly didn’t want Nathan to know what had happened between us.  I shook my head, “Yeah that’s fine, are we ready to go?”  I didn’t need to dwell on Tyler’s behavior.  We weren’t dating, and he was my boss.  I needed to focus on impressing this company with my architectural skills.


***

Will, Corey, and I spent the day drawing potential sketches to show the owner, Edna, of Enterprise Yachts.  Edna Enterprise seemed impressed and was very intrigued with our green ideas.  Corey specialized in marine buildings, so he did most of the talking while Will and I sketched.  Nathan seemed very pleased with us.  Tyler and Cooper were in another part of the building, talking about finances and what other services we could offer as a company along with the initial building.  I was happy I wouldn’t have to look at him.
It was finally time to go home.  Nathan seemed very satisfied with how the client had reacted toward our plans.  We all chatted in the parking lot, and I had almost forgotten about Tyler’s lie to his brother until he walked up next to me.  He didn’t say anything at first, but stood in the circle listening to everyone else.  I stopped engaging in the conversation.  I couldn’t focus with him standing so close to me.  I could even smell his cologne.   
Everyone started to walk to their cars to head home.  “Are you ready to go?” he said tentatively to me.  I looked over at him and his eyes went to the ground.  Good.  He should be nervous to look at me after what he said.
“I’m sure I can ride in Nathan’s car if you would be more comfortable,” I choked.  It hurt so badly that he was ashamed of me.
“Becca, please, ride with me,” he said in a low tone.  His voice sounded almost needy.  I sighed and started to walk to his car.  Cooper noticed I was heading that way, and quickly took off toward Nathan’s car.  Great, I was hoping more than just Tyler and I’d be in the car.  Nathan glanced at his brother, and Tyler gave him a nod as he opened his car door.
The words couldn’t come off Tyler’s lips fast enough once we got in the car.  “Why are you ignoring my texts?”  He was angry.  I stared at him in disbelief.  Why was he mad at me?  Shouldn’t I be mad at him?  He sighed, “Have you even looked at your phone since last night?” His voice became more nervous.
“Yes, I looked at my phone this morning.  I haven’t since then, I have obviously been very busy.” I said quietly with a trace of irritation.
He started the car and pulled out of the parking lot.  “Why don’t you look at them now?”  he whispered, not taking his eyes off the road.
I cautiously took out my phone.  I had several text messages, most of them from Tyler, and a few missed calls, some from Ashlynn and one from Jamie.   The majority of the texts said he was sorry for what he said to Nathan, but no explanation.
“Well?” Tyler finally croaked.
What did he want me to say?  That it was okay that he was ashamed of me?  It wasn’t anything I wasn’t used to.  
I stared out the window at the sky becoming dark,  “I get it Tyler, and don’t worry about it.”
His eyes slowly studied me, taking turns between the road and my reaction.  “I just didn’t know what to say to Nathan, I’m sorry.”
I sighed; did he have to drag this on?  “I get it, I’m not your type, and you don’t have to keep pointing it out,” I peeped, feeling a burn in my throat.
His eyes widened, “Is that what you think?”
I shrugged my shoulders and looked down at my feet.  “Isn’t it obvious?  I’m no super model, I don’t have amazing hair or a perfect body, and I’m barely average.  You are…” closing my eyes, I couldn’t finish my sentence.  
Tyler pulled off to the side of the road.  It was raining now.  “Your appearance has nothing to do with me being afraid to be seen with you; I’m doing it for your own good.”  I could feel his eyes burning into me.  I didn’t have the courage to look into them or the courage to say anything.
He sighed and put his hand on his forehead.  “Becca, it’s hard to explain.  I… I can’t have a relationship.”
Why did he keep making excuses?  I told him it was okay, that I understood.  He still didn’t say he was attracted to me.  Was he not who he said he was?  He took his hand from his head and put it in his lap, his eyes pleading with me, “Becca, please look at me.”
I slowly looked up at him, my eyes fighting the tears that burned them.  I tried to keep my expression blank.  I couldn’t show him how much his rejection hurt me.
“You have no idea how much last night meant to me.” His eyes were raw.  I didn’t do anything out of the ordinary.  Maybe he had just never been with anyone.  His actions were a bit middle school, but his kiss was very well practiced.  
“Please, say something.  I can’t stand this silence,” he begged.
I worked up the strength to open my mouth.  “What do you want me to say?  You just said you were afraid to be seen with me.” 
He turned so his body was facing me.  The rain was really starting to come down now.  “It has nothing to do with you, it’s my family.  Not so much Nathan, I just...I can’t take certain chances… it will just end badly.”
I was starting to get mad.  So now I was not only not good enough for him, but I wasn’t good enough because his family wouldn’t accept me?  “Well don’t worry, I won’t ever touch you again,” I snapped.  He sat back, shocked at my words.  I instantly felt bad for my tone.  Looking at the ceiling, I said, “Tyler, getting shut down is nothing new to me.  I know I’m not… I’m not pretty.  I get it if you are afraid to bring me home to your family.”
“Damn it, Becca, I told you it has nothing to do with your appearance!” He hit his steering wheel.  I flinched at his outburst.  “Isn’t it obvious how unbelievably attracted I am to you?”  
I jerked my head back, he was attracted to me?  “You are?” I croaked.
He slowly nodded his head and leaned into me.  “You distract me.  I keep picturing you in my mind.  I can’t think straight!  All I want to do is talk to you and spend time with you.  Even more so since last night.”  His words were breathy while his eyes were smoldering.
A tear escaped from my eye.  I quickly rubbed it away from my cheek.  
“Please don’t, I hate that I’m making you feel this way.” He fidgeted next to me.  Keeping his eyes on me he said, “I just don’t know how I can make this work.”
“The more you talk, the more I don’t want it to,” I spat out, letting out a raspy breath. I was going to start crying.  I was at the very end and I couldn’t stop it from happening.
He tilted his head, his eyes getting sad.
“Can you just take me home,” I said more sternly, finally looking at him.  
He frowned and turned to face the front.  Starting the car again, he pulled back onto the road.  My phone rang as we got onto the highway.  Wanting to be rid of the awkward silence, I answered my phone without looking at who it was.
“Becca!  I have been trying to call you!” Ashlynn’s perky voice was loud and clear over the phone.  
Shit, she was the last person I wanted to talk to now.  I closed my eyes.  “Yeah, sorry.   I have been working all day.  I’m on my way home from Ludington right now.”
“Oh that’s right.  Well, I was going to ask for your work email so I could send you my ideas for Connor’s and my house,” she said, overly sweet.  She even emphasized Connor’s name.  I rolled my eyes.  Tyler noticed and lifted an eyebrow.
“Yeah, I’ll text it to you, but try to do it soon, so I’ll have time to work on it before next Friday,” I sighed.
“Thanks, Bec, you are the best!  We should grab dinner, you know, you, me, and Connor.”  Another tear escaped my eye at the thought.  
“I’ve been pretty busy.  But I need to go, it’s raining and I have to focus on driving,” I lied.
“Okay, I’ll talk to you later. Love you!” She was way too peppy.
“Bye,” I whispered, hanging up the phone.
Tyler was glancing at me.  I could tell he was waiting for me to talk.  I wasn’t in the mood.
“I’m guessing that was the brat who your ex-boyfriend cheated on you with?” 
“Yeah,” I huffed.
“And, what exactly are you working on for her and… Connor?” he questioned.
Why did he care about this?  We obviously weren’t going to be anything from his own confession.  “It’s nothing.”
“Well whatever it is, it has you upset.” His voice was stern, like he was annoyed at me.  Why the hell was he annoyed with me?
“Why the hell do you care?” I shouted at him.  His eyes narrowed and he was about to say something, until my phone cut him off.
“Jesus can’t people just leave me alone!” I exclaimed. “What?” I exasperated into my phone.
“Well, hi Becca, it’s so nice to hear from you too, best friend.”  It was Jamie.  I instantly felt bad for answering the phone the way I did.
“Hey Jay Rae, I’m sorry, it’s been… an interesting few days,” I said, glaring at Tyler.  He scowled back at me.
“Well, I just wanted to ask you,” her tone was sweet at first, then turned icy, “why the FUCK are you doing house plans for that bitch Ashlynn and that shit head Connor?!”
I looked out the window, trying to control my emotions.  She was right; there is no reason for me to do the plans for them.  Ashlynn was taking it too far.  “I don’t know,” I confessed.
“Oh my God, Becca, get a backbone and tell her to fuck off!”
“I know,” I could barely speak.  “How did you know, anyway?”
She sighed, “She called me looking for you and left a message with her devilish plan.  Do you want me to tell her to leave you alone?”
I shook my head as though she could see me, “After this, I’ll be done with them.  I’ll change my phone number.”
“Bec, what else is wrong?  You sound so, emotional.” She sounded confused.
“Jamie I have to go, I’ll be home in an hour, okay?”
She snorted.  “Fine, but you better open up when you get home.”
I said goodbye and closed my eyes, crossing my arms.  I could feel Tyler’s eyes scanning my body.  “Do you want to talk about it?”
I shook my head.  “My life is one big cluster fuck, that’s all there is to say.”
A slow smile crept across his face.  “Maybe we are perfect for each other,” he said under his breath.  I rolled my eyes.  I was about to explode at him.
“I doubt I’m perfect for you, otherwise you wouldn’t be afraid to be seen with me,” I said with irritation.
“What are you talking about?  We are riding together.” He was trying to make light of the situation.  “We are friends Becca.  You can tell me all about your cluster fucked life.”
So now he was being playful?  You have got to be kidding me.  
“Pretty sure your best friend since childhood isn’t engaged to your ex.  And I’m pretty sure they aren’t asking you to make blueprints for their future house,” I choked.  I was becoming emotional again.
He pulled off the highway and stopped the car.  He turned to look at me again.  “I’m sorry you have to go through all of that, but you don’t have to draw blueprints for them.  Do you want me to do it?” He was being sincere.
If Tyler did the blueprints, Ashlynn would be all over him and right in front of Connor.  I wouldn’t want him to see that, and I especially didn’t want Ashlynn anywhere near Tyler, no matter what our status was.
“Becca, please stop looking so sad.  I can’t take it.”
Tears started to flow down my cheeks.  “You can’t say those types of things to me.”
Tentatively, he reached over for my hand.  His skin felt so good on mine.  I wanted him to hold me, to tell me everything was going to disappear, and I could forget about at least a quarter of my past.  He flexed his hand under mine, trying to get me to grasp his.  I gave in and gave him a little squeeze.  He breathed deeply and slowly and brought the back of his hand to my face.  Still holding my hand, he said, “I can’t help it, I care about you, and I want you to know that someone cares about you.”
I leaned into our hands.  “Tyler, I can’t have any more people in my life who are ashamed of me.”
“I could never be ashamed of you,” he murmured.  His sincerity made my eyes water even more.  “I’m too afraid I could lose you.”
“I don’t understand.”
He sighed, contemplating something in his head.  Suddenly his face went blank.  He lowered our hands from my face and turned in his seat to start the car.  Quickly taking his hand away from mine to start the car, he pulled back onto the highway.  He reached for my hand again, but I pulled it away.  
“Can’t I hold your hand?”
“No.”



Chapter 7



The rest of the car ride was silent.  Surprisingly my phone didn’t go off again.  With my luck, my mother would have called.  Tyler dropped me off at my condo, taking my bag from the trunk of his car and walked me to the elevator.  I couldn’t even look at him.  
“I can take it from here.  Thanks for the ride,” I grumbled.
“Of course,” he said quickly. “Have a good weekend.”
“Yeah, you too,” I muttered.

The second I walked in the door Jamie greeted me with a glass of wine.  I took it gratefully and dropped my bag on the floor. 
“I don’t know about you, but Florida is looking more and more tempting to run back to,” Jamie said, taking a swig of her wine.
I laughed for the first time all day.  “Yeah, I might have to agree with you.  Working, successful men are way more complicated than club man whores.”
“So I take it the lovely Tyler came along on your trip?”
“Yep.”  I gulped my wine.
“And…?”
“And… he’s a bigger basket case then I am.  God Jamie, he’s so confusing.  One minute he seems all into me then the next he’s distant.  He told me we wouldn’t work out, but then wanted to hold my hand the whole way home,” I said into my wine.
“Hold your hand?  What is he 14?” She squinted.
“Yeah, he may want to hold hands a lot, but hes one hell of a kisser,” it escaped my mouth before I could stop it.  
“Wait, you kissed him?!” She grabbed my hand and pulled me to the couch, urging me to continue on. 
I took another swig of my wine.  Boy did it taste good.  “Yeah, we walked on the beach to the pier last night.  We sat out under the moon and talked then I reached for his hand and he freaked out at first.  But then he jumped up and grabbed my hand, quite tightly.” I drank more wine. “It was like he was holding onto me for dear life, like someone was going to push him off the pier or something.  Anyway, we got back to the hotel, he kissed me hardcore, but didn’t touch me.  He just held my hands.  It was kind of hot actually.”
“What is so difficult about this?” Jamie asked with a puzzled face.
“He freaked out when he saw someone come out of the hotel.  He’s clearly ashamed to be seen with me.”
Jamie rolled her eyes at me. “Well, he is your boss.  That could look really bad.”  I hadn’t even thought of that.  But he never said anything about work, just about his family.
“Well then he lied to his brother about even being with me last night.  He said it right in front of me!” I was pissed now.  The wine was helping me to release my real emotions.
“Again, he works with his brother right?  Maybe you should just give him some time… you know get used to the fact of seeing someone from his office.” 
Was she really taking his side?  “Jamie, it’s not going to work.  I should just stop thinking about it.”  But I couldn’t; he was constantly running through my mind. 
“Well, then I will temporarily change the subject.  We are going out tomorrow night, like old times!” She perked up.  I gave her a glare.  We weren’t going to be who we were in Florida.
“Not exactly like old times, but I want to go out.  Remember a guy from my work invited us to go to The B.O.B tomorrow night?  He said it’s the best bar.”
I rolled my eyes.  My father owned that bar.  “I don’t know Jay Rae…”
“Oh come on Bec, don’t make me go by myself!  We could have an awesome time!  Let’s just go dance.  We both know that was the best part of going out.  And, I haven’t gotten a really good buzz in a long time.  Besides, you already said you would go,” she whined.
I raised my glass.  “What’s wrong with tonight?”
She giggled.  “Why not both nights?”
I giggled with her.  “Oh what the hell, why not?  Let’s have some fun tomorrow.”
“That’s the spirit!  I’m glad I made reservations at the spa for tomorrow morning!” she said, rubbing her hands between the stem of her wine glass.
I laughed.  The wine was getting to me, and I was more than happy to get lost in it.


***

I woke with a startle to Jamie sprawled out next to me.  She had jumped on my bed.  “Time to get up and get sexy!” she teased. 
“What time is it?” I groaned.
“7:30am, our appointments start at 8:15am.”
“Why are we getting up so early?  What all did you schedule for us anyway?” I grumbled.
She picked at her nails, “Oh the usual, manicures, pedicures, massages, hair, waxing…” Her voice trailed off.
My eyes widened.  “What kind of waxing, Jamie…”
She rolled her eyes at me.  “Becca, it’s been at least two months since we both have had a Brazilian.  I don’t know about you, but I’m due for some maintenance down there.”  
I pursed my lips at her.  So what if it had been a while?  Not like I was planning on any visitors down there.  Not like I was ever into that anyway.  I’d be mortified whenever Connor would try, and I was way too self-conscious.  I’d constantly worry about what he was thinking or if he was enjoying it.  After the first few times he just shrugged and never tried again.  Then I assumed he didn’t enjoy it and something was wrong with me.  I had no intention of ever letting a man go down there again, no matter how good it might feel.
“Oh, come on, Becca,” she exclaimed.  “You know you’ll feel better when it’s cleaned up down there!” 
I blew out air and slowly stood up.  “Come on let’s get going.”


***

We took Jamie’s jeep to Tanaz Day Spa.  They greeted us warmly with our gowns and asked us what type of drinks we would like.  It was all a bit much, and it was everything I had grown up with.  The owner knew who I was.  My mother had taken me here plenty of times.  She was very friendly and greeted me warmly.  She even commented on my weight loss, how nice of her. 
The pampering was going to be six hours long, and started out with our manicures and pedicures.  Jamie was telling me all about the real reason why we were going out tonight.  I guess she had been flirting with this guy, Sean, that she worked with, and he was the one who invited her.  She was hoping to get to know him a little better tonight.  I reminded her we weren’t going to do that anymore.  Jamie rolled her eyes at me and said, “I said I wasn’t going to have anymore one night stands.  I know him, and I’d like to have multiple nights with him.” I laughed at her honesty.
Once we were done with our hands and feet, we went to get our massages and waxing done.  The waxing was just as horrible as always.  It wasn’t as painful as usual, but it was still awkward.  I hated it when the lady doing it would try to hold a conversation at the same time.  It’s like, really lady?  Your hand is on my cooter, can we not talk about your two year old?
Once we were massaged and waxed, we got our hair and makeup done.  The makeup specialist asked what look I was going for, and Jamie piped up, “Fuck-me eyes.”  The specialist raised both her brows in question, and I rolled my eyes as if to say, why not.  
We left feeling pampered and relaxed.  My hair had fresh blonde highlights, dark low lights, and  nice clean swoop bangs.  It was still long.  Jamie convinced me to have it curled, so again, I went with it.  My makeup was dark and sexy, my nails and toes were a simple French manicure, and my skin felt fresh and renewed.  I’d be lying if I said I was annoyed Jamie made me go.
We decided to shop downtown at a few small designer stores to find a perfect outfit to go out in.  Jamie decided on a cute red top that showed a lot of cleavage.  She was going to need to tape it to her boobs so they wouldn’t fly out.  She found a long gold chain and bracelet that looked gorgeous with her caramel hair.  She had fire engine red heels that would look awesome with her new shirt.  We both decided on our studded Silver jeans.  We never wore skirts out.  That was just asking for trouble while on the dance floor.  
“Oh Becca, this is gorgeous! It would look so hot with your complexion!” Jamie had found a white sleeveless shirt that had bronze and gold dull jewels outlining the straps and down into the V-slit over where my cleavage would show.  I didn’t have a whole lot to begin with.  
“My boobs would not make this,” I said shyly to her.  
Jamie shook her head.  “Your hot pink push up bra does wonders!  Go out on a limb.  This would be so sexy with your big curls.  Please, let’s just buy it!” 
I looked at the shirt one more time, and again said, “What the hell,” and bought it.


***

Jamie was right.  My hot pink push up bra did work wonders.  I hadn’t worn it in a while, and I forgot the wonders it could do.  I decided to wear flats. Jamie shook her head at me and scoffed, but I was putting my foot down on this one.  I always wore flats out.  I knew I’d be drinking and walking home in six inch heels wouldn’t be fun.
Once we were all dressed, we went into the kitchen and took a few shots.  Jamie’s phone chirped, and it was a text from Sean.  She squealed.  “He’s at The B.O.B, wondering where I am!  Oh my gosh!  I’m so excited!  Let’s go!”
I smiled at her excitedly and then thought about Tyler.  It had been such a good girl's day that I hadn’t thought about him at all until now.  I secretly wished things between us would be different.  I hid my disappointment and became excited with Jamie.  She deserved this; she left everything for me.  
We took a cab and headed to The B.O.B.  I was praying the whole way there that no one would recognize me.  I didn’t want any special treatment.  I just wanted to have fun with my friend, who would soon ditch me for a guy.  It was okay though, I was doing this for her, and she wouldn’t completely ditch me.  I’m sure I’d have to take a cab home by myself.  Maybe I’d walk home?  It would allow me time to get some fresh air.  Maybe I could finally wrap my head around my crazy life.
We got to The B.O.B and gave the bouncer our IDs.  I was hoping to God he would only look at my birthday and not my name.  He must not have noticed my name and let us in.  Jamie scanned the crowd and grabbed my wrist.  “There he is!” she yelled in my ear over the loud music.  We walked around the bar and past the dance floor to the VIP section.  Their whole office had booked it for Sean’s birthday.  There were fancy lights and lasers everywhere.  The go-go dancers were working it hardcore on their stands, and the dance floor was crowded with young adults. 
I instantly knew who Sean was.  He screamed Jamie’s type.  He was very tall and thin, and had sandy blonde hair and a huge white smile.  His skin was tan, and he was holding a beer bottle.  His face lit up when he noticed Jamie.  She was going to get what she wanted tonight, I could already tell.
“I’m so glad you could make it!  Hi, I’m Sean,” he said, putting his hand out to me.  I shook it and introduced myself.  Jamie stood right next to him with her sexy smirk.   
“What would you ladies like to drink?” he said smiling, waving their waitress over.
“How about a couple birthday blow jobs to start?  Then some Long Islands, does that sound good?” she flirted.  
Sean’s eyes widened along with his grin.  “Sounds great.”  He couldn’t take his eyes off her.  I might lose my friend sooner than I thought.
We all took the blow job shot then sipped on our Long Islands.  I already had a decent buzz from the few shots we took at home.  I wouldn’t be able to have too many more Long Islands or else I’d be sleeping on the dance floor soon.  I hadn’t eaten that much today, and that was going to take a toll on how much I’d be drinking.  Jamie quickly grabbed my hand and pulled me to the dance floor.  
If I hadn’t been drinking, there would be no way I’d be dancing with all of these people around, but I was getting to the point where my lips were tingling.  We danced and laughed with each other to the latest Britney song.  I totally forgot about everything as I swayed my hips freely with my best friend, until I opened my eyes and looked up to the second floor.  There he was, beautiful as can be, drinking a beer and talking with another man.  Tyler was at the club.  I froze.   Jamie noticed my lack of movement and followed my eyes.  A slow, slinky smile came across her face as she saw Tyler’s eyes lock with mine. 
“Well, well, well if it isn’t Mr. Tyler Conklin… if he’s going to stare, we might as well give him a show,” she whispered in my ear, very seductively.  She must have recognized him from the pictures on the website she caught me gawking at the other night.  My lip quirked as I felt her rub up slowly behind me.  We knew what we were doing.  It always worked.  I kept my eyes on him, hoping they were burning into him the way his always did to me.  A few guys came up to us, trying to join us.  Tyler’s stare was smoldering when he saw one of the men put his hand on my hip.  I gently pushed him back and turned into Jamie.  She had a guy trying to rub behind her.  Normally we wouldn’t mind, but there were other hands we both wanted on us.  We quickly left and went to the bar.  The two guys shrugged and went to find other girls.  We both ordered another drink and waited at the bar.
“I think we need to make a trip upstairs,” Jamie teased.  I kept staring where Tyler was standing. He wasn’t watching me as intently now, and someone came up to him and started talking to him.
“Jamie, we can stay with Sean.  I don’t need to waste my time with him.”
She huffed, “Oh please, Becca!  He was totally eye fucking you.  We are going up there, and you are going to give him the confident moves I know you have.”
The waitress brought us our drinks, including a Dirty Girl Scout shot for each of us that Sean had apparently sent our way.  I tipped the shot back as seductively as I could.  The alcohol was making me feel incredibly confident and sexy.  I wanted him, and I didn’t care anymore if he would turn me down.  Jamie quickly stood tall and grabbed her drink with one hand and my wrist with the other.  
We walked by Sean’s section, and he greeted Jamie by wrapping his arm around her waist, leaning down so he could speak in her ear.  She giggled and playfully slapped his chest then whispered back into his ear.  His face turned beet red while his smile grew larger.   She took a step back from him and took my hand again.  I shook my head at her.  I’m sure she said something extremely provocative that would keep his mind reeling for a while.
We headed upstairs in search for Tyler.  I saw him standing with a group of people in another VIP section that was roped off next to the bar that looked over the dance floor.  A young guy around our age came up to us holding a beer.  “Hey ladies, want to join my party?” he slurred.  Jamie and I laughed at him; he was very goofy.  He had green eyes and brown hair and was vaguely familiar.  If Jamie wasn’t going for Sean, I’m sure she would try and work her magic on him.  Although, I got the feeling he was already very drunk.
“Where’s your party?” Jamie smiled at him.  Maybe he was with Tyler?
“Follow me,” he said leading his hand toward were Tyler was, raising his eyebrows suggestively.  I hope this guy wouldn’t be hard to get rid of once we got into his section.
I took a sip of my drink and followed him.  Once we got in, Jamie pushed me toward where Tyler was.  He was still looking over the railing.  A sudden splurge of confidence ran through my veins.  I held my chin up high and seductively walked over to him.  I trailed my finger down his arm so he knew I was there.  He jerked his arm away quickly and whipped his head toward me.  I jumped back at his sudden movement, thrown off a little bit, almost spilling my drink.  He sucked in a deep breath when he saw me; clearly he was thrown off by my audacity. 
Gaining back my composure, I flirted, “Looking for someone?”  I knew he was looking for me, the alcohol in my throat told me.
His surprised look turned sultry.  He cocked his head, “I think I just found her.”  I slowly bit my bottom lip in his response and took a step closer to him.  Taking a sip from my drink, I checked him out from head to toe.  He was wearing work clothes, black dress pants and a dark green button up dress shirt with the top two buttons undone and his sleeves rolled up.  His hair wasn’t as tame as it usually was, and was a bit floppy on his head.  His appearance went right to my libido.  I wanted this man.
He laughed as I undressed him with my eyes.  “What are you doing here?  I thought you weren’t into clubbing?”
I shrugged my shoulders and took another sip of my drink.  “I’m here with my roommate, Jamie.  She wanted to come out with some people from her work.” I looked over at her.  She was trying to entertain the guy who let us in.  Tyler followed my gaze and grinned.  
“Ah, and it looks like she met my brother, Mitch.  It’s his birthday.  We promised him we would come out for drinks.”  I followed Tyler’s eyes over to another section where Nathan was sitting, talking animatedly with someone, holding a drink of dark liquor in his hand.  His tie was loosened around his neck and his sleeves were rolled up as well.  I never would have imagined seeing him so casually.
While I was looking over at Nathan, Tyler was devouring me with his eyes.  I smirked at his expression.  He liked what he saw and that only got me closer to what I wanted.  He shook his head as if to take his mind off something.  “Come on, let’s go save your friend from my drunken brother.”  I followed him from behind and put my hand on his lower back.  I felt his body tense, but instead of pulling away, I simply caressed him with my fingertips.  The alcohol was making me brave.
“There you are.  I wondered where you ran off to…” Mitch slurred, looking at me.  I half hid behind Tyler, wanting to wrap my arms around Tyler’s waist so Mitch would know I wasn’t interested, but I didn’t have that much alcohol in me yet.  
Tyler quickly chimed in, “Mitch, this is Becca.  She just started working in the commercial architectural department.”
Mitch splayed a devilish grin.  “Well, would you like to come and draw up some plans with me?  I have got a lovely pencil you could use…” He went to reach for me.  Tyler quickly pushed Mitch’s shoulder away and glared at him.  He was being possessive of me, or maybe it was protective?  I hoped it was both.  Mitch returned his glare.  
Tyler quickly smiled and gave him a laugh.  “You know, there were some twins on the third level playing pool asking who the birthday boy was.  They wanted to give him a present.”  
Mitch’s eyes widened and his devilish grin returned.  “Excuse me ladies, I have to attend to a birthday present.”  Jamie rolled her eyes then turned to me with her, you’ve got him now, look.  
“I’m Jamie, nice to finally meet you,” she said, holding her hand out to Tyler.  Tyler raised his eyebrow and glanced over at me.  I blushed at her comment.  Jamie laughed, “Come on Becca, let’s get you another shot!” She reached passed Tyler and tugged on my arm.  
“Please, let me get it for you,” Tyler said, stepping past us to walk over to the bar in their VIP section.
“What the hell was that, Jamie?”  
She glared at me, “Oh get over it, I totally just distracted that dumbass so you could go make your moves, and they’re working.  You are so going to get it tonight!”  
I laughed nervously, “I doubt it.” 
She lifted my drink to my mouth.  “Drink more.  He was totally possessive of you when Mitch was going to maul you.  He wants it too, it’s so obvious!” 
Tyler came back with three shots.  He handed me a shot glass and one to Jamie.  “On three!  One, two, three!” Jamie shouted.  We all tipped our glasses back, Tyler never taking his eyes off me.  I licked my lips as I pulled the shot glass from my mouth.
“Well, I promised to go spend some time with Sean; it’s his birthday as well.  It’s nice to finally meet you Tyler.  Becca, can you get home on your own?” she asked, glancing back and forth between the two of us.  
Before I could say it was fine, Tyler spoke up, “I’ll take you home,” his eyes smoldering into mine.  I gulped at his stare.  Jamie clearly felt like she was intruding as she slowly slipped away.
Before she did, she whispered in my ear, “Have fun.”
Tyler kept his eyes on me.  “Want to go sit down?”  I shook my head no and bit my lip.  He cocked his head and furrowed his eyebrows with a half grin on his face.  I slowly ran my finger down his chest, following it with my eyes.  Once I got to his abdomen I took his hand and pulled him with me.  His breathing became shallow.  The only way I could tell was from his chest flexing up and down under my fingertip.  His eyebrows shot up as he walked behind me.  I pulled him down the stairs and onto the dance floor.  He stopped just as we were starting to enter the crowd of dancers and jerked my hand back, “Becca, I don’t dance.” He was suddenly serious.
As seductively as I could, I leaned up and whispered, “Good thing for you, I do,” my lips touching his ear.  He took a sharp breath in and gulped as I pulled him onto the dance floor.  I worked my way around him, turning my backside on his front.  He shook his head and held his hands behind his neck.  He was smiling, a whole hearted boyish smile.  I turned to face him and grabbed his hands from behind his neck, putting them on my waist, urging him to move.  He tilted his head down toward mine, shaking it back and forth, with the same grin on his face.  Once a few songs went by, he gripped my hips to get my attention.  “Come on.  If I’m going to dance, I need more to drink.” He took my hand and led me back upstairs.  He seemed so young and carefree on that dance floor.  Even though he was incredibly awkward and not smooth, it was humbling to see.  He wasn’t just an uptight business executive but a 28 year old guy, out on a Saturday night for his brother’s birthday.  Once we got back into the VIP section, Tyler motioned for me to sit down on the couch.  Tyler went to go get another beer and a Long Island for me.  Nathan sat down just as Tyler was getting back.
“Well Becca, I think you are the first person to ever make my little brother blush,” he cackled, looking at Tyler while he took a sip of his drink.   Tyler rolled his eyes and sat down next to me.  He handed me my drink and smiled at me.  My cheeks heated brighter from his smile and not from Nathan’s comment. 
“Your vision is blurred, big brother,” Tyler said, putting his arm over the back of the couch behind me, careful not to touch me.  I pouted in my head.
Nathan laughed care freely, “That it is, little brother!” He tipped his glass back and finished the remaining dark liquid.
Tyler took a swig of his beer and looked over at me.  He gently caressed my shoulder with a single finger.  Tilting his head to the side, he bit his lip then shook his head at me.  He couldn’t stop grinning.  Was he drunk?  I didn’t even care; I wanted him so badly.  Even if he was going to turn into the cold businessman I had seen off and on throughout the time I had known him, I would be okay with it. 
I took a long sip of my drink through the straw, fluttering my eyelashes at him.
“Wow, you sure know how to suck on that straw, Becca!” Mitch shouted about ten feet from us.  He was dancing in between two girls.  Tyler and Nathan both rolled their eyes at him and looked at each other.
“You get to take care of his drunken ass tonight,” Tyler said, pointing at Nathan.
Nathan sat up and leaned forward very lazily and un-Nathan like.  “The only drunken ass I’m taking care of tonight is me,” Nathan laughed.
Tyler’s face tightened.  Nathan slowly smiled at him.  “He will be fine.  Tony’s here and he isn’t drinking.  He will take care of him.”
Tyler took another drink of his beer.  Then looked down at me and gave me a tight smile.  I quickly felt dog tired.  Between all of the alcohol and sitting down for a while, I felt like I was about to pass out.  Tyler noticed. “Let me get you some water then I’ll take you home, sound good?” He stared at me intently.  His eyes were amazingly greener than blue tonight, and I suddenly felt a little more energized after looking into his eyes, imagining them above me.
Tyler slowly got up to get me some water, my eyes following him all the way to the bar.  My erotic thoughts were interrupted by Nathan’s voice.
“I don’t know what is going on with him, but I’m pretty sure it has to do with you,” Nathan said, pointing his finger at me.  I sat up a little straighter remembering what Tyler had said about his family.  Nathan saw my discomfort and quickly said, “He hasn’t been a giant crab ass lately.  Keep it up, whatever you are doing.”
I smiled at him trying to hide my confusion.  If Nathan didn’t have a problem with me, and Mitch clearly didn’t care about anything, then who was he ashamed to bring me around?  I quickly finished my drink before Tyler came back, hoping it would bring me back to my original plan.  I didn’t want to chicken out, but I wanted to be coherent enough to know what was going on.  Tyler came back and handed me a tall glass of water.  I took it gratefully and enjoyed the cold crispness.  It tasted so good and brought me back to reality, just a little.  Once I was finished with the glass I stood up, and almost stumbled forward from standing too fast.  Tyler quickly caught me and smiled down at me.  “Come on, let me get you home.”
I giggled a little as we left, waving to Nathan.  “Have fun,” he teased as we left.
We stepped outside into the cool air.  It felt so nice compared to the heat in the club. 
“Let me call a cab quick,” Tyler said, reaching for his pocket.
I gently touched his arm and said, “It’s not too cold, let’s walk.  My place isn’t that far away.”
He looked me up and down and raised an eyebrow.  “Are you sure?  I don’t want to have to carry you half way,” he teased.
“Ha ha ha, I’ll be fine, and… I’m not wearing heels,” I snickered, lifting my foot and wiggling my toes as though he could see them.
He tried to hide his amusement.  “Okay, if you say so.”
We slowly walked downtown amongst the young crowds of club goers.  I snaked my arm through his and leaned my head on his shoulder as we walked.  He flinched at first, but then relaxed into me. 
We stopped in the park along the railing, just as we had the first night we went to the coffee shop.  I leaned into him, hoping he would wrap his arms around me.  I felt so comfortable and confident with alcohol running through me.  He shook his head and chuckled.  Sliding his fingers up and down my arms he said, “You’re funny when you’re drunk.”
I pulled my head back and looked up at him.  “I’m so not drunk yet,” I said seriously at first then let out a little giggle.  He smiled down at me, our faces nearly inches from each other’s.  His expression became serious, and his hands slowed running up and down my arms, stopping on my forearms.  I never wanted anyone to kiss me so badly.  I leaned up and closed my eyes, hoping he would get the picture.  I felt his nose touch mine then his mouth was on mine.  My lips were no longer tingling from the alcohol but tingling from the sensation of his lips working against me.  I allowed his tongue access to my mouth as a slow low groan escaped him.  It was like he flicked a switch inside of me with his tongue.  I brought my arms up to his head and ran my fingers through his hair.  Our bodies flushed together, I noticed his arms were still at his sides.  Why wasn’t he touching me?
He slowed down the kiss and gently pulled away, keeping his forehead on mine.  I was still breathing heavy.
“I need to get you home,” his voice was raspy, with ulterior meaning.  I slowly opened my eyes and turned to start walking.  He took my hand and squeezed it, causing me to pick up my pace.  He wanted to be alone with me just as badly.  I could feel it in his kiss. 


***

It didn’t take us long to get to my condo and confidence was streaming through me.  I wanted to pull him to my bed and yank his shirt off.  Every time I was flush against him I could feel his muscles, I couldn’t wait to see what his bare skin looked like.  The elevator seemed to take forever to get up to my condo.  The second I finally punched in the correct combo to open the door, Tyler had his hands gripping my hips pushing me forward into the front entryway.  I flipped around and threw myself at him as he kicked the door closed.  His hands gripped my hips and pulled me up to carry me, finding the nearest wall he slammed me into it, aggressively kissing me, his tongue invading me while his fingers dug into my hips.  He threw me into the wall so hard I gasped.  He was moaning into my mouth and tugging at his belt, still pinning me to the wall with his body.  I started to feel nerves wash over me.  This scene was far too familiar.  His aggressiveness and eagerness, how he was jumping right to taking his pants off.  He was going to take me right then and there, and it wasn’t how I was picturing the night going.  I started to have trouble breathing and brought my hands up to push his shoulders back.  He didn’t move.  I pushed harder, and he still didn’t move.  He only groaned louder into my mouth.  Panic surged over me.  I wouldn’t be able to move him; he could do whatever he wanted to me right now.  I kept picturing that awful night in Florida when I was almost raped, but there wasn’t anyone to save me this time.  I rapidly started to hit my fists on his shoulders and turned my head away from his kiss, “Tyler, Tyler, stop… STOP!”
He pulled back immediately gently putting my legs down.  I fell to the floor and hugged my knees, burying my face into them.  His breathing was ragged as he dropped down to my level.
“Becca, I’m sorry, I don’t know what came over me.  I’m so sorry, are you okay?”  He didn’t touch me, he was afraid to.  My whole body was trembling.  I kept thinking about that night in Florida and what could have happened.  It could have happened tonight.  I was being stupid.  I wasn’t going to sleep with random guys anymore, and here I was, pinned up to a wall with a man I barely knew.  A man who wouldn’t date me for some unknown reason, whether he was ashamed of me or if it was something else.  I sobbed harder into my legs.  I was so disgusted with myself.
Tyler sat across from me crossing his legs.  When I finally looked up at him, he looked distraught, torn, like he was disgusted with himself.  His eyes were glassy.  “Becca, I’m so sorry, I shouldn’t have come onto you so strong like that.  I just got carried away.  I didn’t realize you were trying to push me off you at first.  I’m so sorry.”
I wiped my eyes and sniffed, “It’s not your fault, I practically threw myself at you.”  
Tyler shook his head, “No, I was the one who picked you up and slammed you into the wall.”
A small giggle escaped my mouth.  Now was the most inappropriate time for a giggle, but by the way he said it I couldn’t help myself.  Tyler dropped his head to my eye level.  “Something amusing you?”
I shook my head, “You’re right, I shouldn’t laugh.  It just sparked a really bad memory …” I trailed off, remembering the strength of the man who wasn’t going to take no for an answer in Florida.
“What point in your life?  Was Connor, your ex, was he rough with you?” He was suddenly serious, glaring his eyes in that protective way.  It threw me off that he immediately thought of Connor.  Connor never would have forced me to do anything I didn’t want to.  
“No!” I gasped, “Connor would never do that.”  I started to shake again, squeezing my knees tighter.
“Then what did it trigger?  You are clearly shaken up, and I think there’s more to your story.”  He was very sincere.  He wanted me to tell him because he cared, not because of guilt.
I huffed, not wanting to open up my past to this beautiful, flawless man sitting on his knees in front of me.  His eyes urged me to share.  I tried to think of how I could do it without revealing too much, but then again, once I started talking, I was bound to tell him everything.  He had that effect on me.
“Becca, please talk to me.  I feel awful,” he pleaded.
A long moment of silence swept across from us as I tried to find the courage to talk to him.  “After college, Jamie and I decided to take a year off and just live… freely.” I gulped, resituating to sit cross legged on the floor.  Tyler stared intently into my eyes.  “I was all messed up; between school and the whole Ashlynn/Connor thing… I wasn’t ready to grow up.  So we got an apartment in Florida and basic jobs and partied for a year.  Our lives consisted of going to the gym, drinking, and partying.” I glanced up at him, scared of his reaction.  His face was blank, not giving anything away.  He nodded his head to me, urging me to keep talking.
“Jamie and I met these guys one night at a bar.  We were both pretty drunk.  We decided to invite them over.  We both went into separate rooms.  It was probably my fault.  I’m sure I led him on, but his demeanor changed once we got into my room.”
My eyes started to water as I kept reliving my past to Tyler.
“I remember him grabbing me really tight and his eyes getting so cold.  It was like he was a different person.  I tried to laugh it off, tell him I wanted to go get a drink, but he wouldn’t listen.  I started to panic.  All I wanted was to get out of my room.  This guy was twice my size, drunk, and clearly wanted more from me.  I started to yell for Jamie, but he covered my mouth mid scream.”  A tear escaped my eye.  Tyler was fidgeting, I could tell he wanted to reach out to me, but he was frightened to touch me.  I took a deep breath and continued on.
“He pushed me so hard on the bed that it banged into the wall when he landed on me.  I kept trying to fight him off but he was so much stronger than me.  Jamie and the guy she was with must have heard me, because they came bursting through my bedroom door.”
I wiped my nose with the back of my hand, suddenly feeling embarrassed.  I couldn’t bear to look at Tyler.
“Oh, Becca… I’m so sorry,” his voice broke.  He leaned in closer to me, slowly lifting his hands to touch mine.
“I freaked out after his friend dragged him off me.  I remember crying uncontrollably and being so appalled with myself.  I made a vow that I would never be promiscuous again.”
He tilted his head, trying to meet my eyes, “We are different.  You know that right?” 
“How?  We aren’t dating.  You are afraid to be seen with me,” I croaked.  I wiped more tears from my eyes.  The alcohol was making me more emotional.
Tyler’s eyes furrowed, “Yeah, I obviously don’t want to be seen with you, considering I danced with you in a very public place, cuddled with you on a couch in front of my brother, and left the bar with you.  That sure seems like I’m afraid to be seen with you,” he spat. 
I looked at his hands gripping mine.  He did interact intimately in front of his brothers, and made it clear he was taking me home.  Nathan didn’t seem upset with our interactions, so was it his mother?  Father?
“I don’t get it, why don’t you want to date me?” Tears flooded down my cheeks.  He let go of my hands and leaned backwards.
“I would love to date you, but it’s complicated.  I really don’t want to get into it right now; besides, I don’t think you will remember my explanation.”
He was curling away from me again.  I was so afraid of him leaving me alone in that condo by myself.  I was scared of being alone.  I was drunk and paranoid now, with the thought of someone stronger than me taking control of my body.
Tyler started to sit up.  “I should get going,” he muffled. 
My eyes got big.  “No!  Please… don’t leave me,” I squeaked.  His facial expression relaxed as he held his hand out to me.  I cautiously took it and stood next to him.  I forgot how drunk I was as I stumbled a bit, right into his chest.  He smelled so good and felt so safe.  I wanted him to lift me and carry me to bed.
He leaned his head into mine, gently moving his fingertips along my arms.  Bravely, I wrapped my arms around his waist.  He took a sharp inhale of breath then relaxed into me.  After a few minutes, Tyler finally broke our tranquility, “Let’s get you to bed.  Where is your room?”  
I took his hand, stumbling a bit as I tried to walk.  He wrapped his arm around my waist to help me lead the way.  Once I set eyes on my bed, I became dog tired.  Tyler slowly helped me sit down on my bed.  It took every ounce of me to not flop backwards instantly.  Not thinking, I started tugging at my shirt attempting to take it off.  I giggled when my arm got stuck.  As I tried to wiggle my way out of it, I fell backwards on the bed, giggling harder.  I heard an exasperated breath and then felt the bed cave next to me.  Tyler’s hands were gently on my free arm, tugging me to sit back up.  I felt his soft hands touch the skin on my back, trying to hold me in place and making sure I wasn’t going to fall back again.
“I sure hope you weren’t like this when you were drinking wine in the tub,” he chuckled.
“Nope,” I dragged out the word popping my lips, causing myself to snicker again.  He shook his head and helped me take my shirt off.  He had to release his hand from my back to do so, I wanted to pout because his hands felt so nice on my hot skin, but my lips were too numb.  I guess the walk hadn’t sobered me up as much as I thought it did, nor the breakdown I had in front of him, which I would be totally embarrassed about tomorrow morning.
Tyler cautiously stood wanting to make sure I was stable enough to not fall over again.  “Where are your shirts?” His eyes were everywhere but on me.  
I slowly pointed to my dresser.  “Bottom drawer,” I slurred.  He quickly grabbed the first T-shirt he found.  It was gray with the Detroit Tigers logo. 
He huffed, “the Tigers… what am I going to do with you?”
I could think of a few things… 
My mind followed my train of thought, slowly cocking my head to the side as I tried to look seductively at him.  He stifled a smile and knelt down in front of the bed, putting the T-shirt over my head, helping me bring my arms through the short sleeves.  The softness of the cotton caused my head to drift into another thought, and I remembered just how tired I was.  My eyes butterflied closed.  I felt Tyler’s hands suddenly grasp my shoulders and then gently lay me down on the bed before I collapsed.  He pulled me up so my head would be on a pillow.
“Please, don’t leave,” the words came muffling out of my mouth.
“I’m just going to go find a blanket to cover you with and then I’ll be right back,” his voice was soft and tender.
Feeling as though something was digging into my hips, I attempted to regain comfort and take my belt off.  My fingers were numb, and my eyes were too tired to open and look and see what I needed to do.
As I fumbled with my belt, I heard a gentle laugh.  The bed dipped down again, and Tyler’s hand was on mine.  I froze again at his touch.  “Would you like me to help you with this?”  I nodded my head, not opening my eyes.  He moved my hand to the side and began to undo the belt.  He gently pulled it through the loops.  “Better?” he asked.  I shook my head no.  I wanted my jeans off too.  I heard him sigh, as though he was apprehensive to take them off.  I raised my hand to try and find the button on my jeans, but ended up finding his thigh on the way, slowly tracing my fingers down toward his knee.  He quickly grabbed my hand and brought it to his lips, grazing my knuckles.  Fluttering my eyes open, he was slowly shaking his head back and forth.  “You… are very drunk,” he chuckled.  Tenderly kissing my hand, he put it back down by my side, and started to undo my pants.  I tried to focus on his face, gauging his reaction the best I could, even though I had no sense of judgment at the moment.  He seemed amused.  His eyes quickly changed as he pulled down my jeans.  I forgot I was wearing some very expensive lacy black panties.  I smirked, enjoying watching his reaction.  If I weren’t so drunk, I would make a move on him, but unfortunately my arms were too heavy and numb to lift.  Once the jeans were off, he quickly covered me with a blanket while letting out a deep breath.
I curled to my side while he snuggled the blanket around me. “Ty, please… don’t leave.  I don’t want to stay here alone,” I begged nearly incoherently.
He sat very still for a moment, then let out another breath of air.  He was fumbling around, and then I felt the bed dip more next to me.  Vaguely opening my eyes, Tyler was lying on his side, arm under a pillow, looking at me with a caring gentleness I had never seen on his face.
My body relaxed even more, if that were possible, as I let out a giant sigh.  “Thank you,” I whispered, emerging my hand from the blanket to set it next to him.  I wanted to reach up and touch his face, but I was too tired.  I heard him sigh again and felt his hand lace with mine.
“Oh Becca, I’m not… used to this.”
My brain was way too foggy and my lips were too tired to ask him what the hell he was talking about.



Chapter 8



I woke up disoriented, attempting to open my eyes.  I squinted throwing my hand over my face.  I must have forgotten to put the blinds down yesterday.  I slowly sat up on my bed.  Why wasn’t I under my covers?  Rubbing my forehead, I felt the urge to pee.  I stood up facing my bathroom and stumbled to the doorway.  I could barely open my eyes and was literally feeling my way into the bathroom.  Finally finding the toilet, I sat down in relief. Getting out of the bright morning light, I could open my eyes.  What the hell happened last night?  I tried to piece together what had happened.  I remembered going out with Jamie and seeing Sean then dancing on the dance floor, and… oh no… Tyler.
Memories came flooding back to me, but I couldn’t piece them in order.  Sitting next to him on a couch with Nathan watching us, his very drunk other brother, Mitch, taking Tyler to dance on the dance floor… I can’t believe I did that!  How would I face him at work?  I sluggishly sat up and went to the sink.  Looking in the mirror I looked awful, like I had been crying.  I closed my eyes again as more memories flooded back to me.  Tyler walking me home, stopping and kissing him by the river, him pinning me against the wall.  I took in a sharp breath of air.   Did I sleep with him?  I shook my head no; I would have remembered that.  I turned on the faucet to wipe away the makeup from my face.  Gosh my head was aching.  After wiping off the makeup, I fumbled through the medicine cabinet for some Tylenol.  More memories came back to me, taking off my shirt in front of him.  I gasped at the thought; he totally saw me with only my hot pink bra on!  And the horror I felt wash over me as I remembered him taking off my pants.  The image of his wide eyes as he pulled them off, oh my gosh, he probably saw the stretch marks on my hips!  I shook my head and leaned on the counter.  Then, the worst memory came, me begging him to stay.  I froze in my spot, afraid to look past the bathroom door that I just so happened to leave open.
Biting my lip I slowly peeked past the door.  He was sleeping on my bed, facing the other wall.  Holy shit, I don’t think I slept with him.  He still had clothes on, so we couldn’t have done anything.  I was afraid to ask him.  Hell I was afraid to look at him.  I needed to find some pants, shorts, something to cover my lower half so I wasn’t just in my lacy black underwear and T-shirt.  I quickly saw some shorts lying on the floor.  I threw them on, not really sure what I was going to do next.  I really wanted to go back to sleep, my head was throbbing.  I need to stop drinking so much.  I took a deep breath and walked into my bedroom.  Carefully lying down, I grabbed a pillow and hugged it, facing away from him.  I tried to stay as far over as possible.  I could hear his gentle breathing.  I was suddenly curious and slowly rolled over.  I studied his back.  I could see his muscles through his white T-shirt.  He must have taken off his green dress shirt before lying down with me, right after I begged him to stay.  How pathetic am I?  I had the urge to reach out and trace the lines of his muscles over his shirt, but I withheld.  He started to stir, quickly sitting up, as though he wasn’t sure where he was.  He rubbed his face and then turned his head to look at me.  I wanted to close my eyes and pretend I was still sleeping, but I didn’t think of it quick enough.  He dropped his hands from his face and gave me a lazy smile. “Good morning, how are you feeling?” His voice was deep and husky from just waking up.
“I’ve been better,” I said.  I quickly sat up, putting the pillow over my lap. “I’m so, so sorry about last night, I can’t believe how I acted…”
He turned on the bed so he could face me, “Why are you sorry?  I was the one who took it too far.” He looked ashamed.  I furrowed my eyebrows, not understanding what he was talking about.  The only advances I remembered were ones I did.  He bit his lip with worried eyes.  
“I’m sorry, I don’t remember…” I trailed off with embarrassment.
He relaxed his shoulders and gave me a wry smile, “I don’t know if that is a good or bad thing.”
I let my mind reel, trying to piece the night together; a slow chill crept up my spine as I realize what moment he was talking about.  It wasn’t his fault, he stopped after all.  I tilted my head and looked into his troubled eyes.  “Tyler, you stopped.  You were acting fine.  I wanted it just as bad as you, I just let my past haunt me.  I should be the one who is sorry,” I whispered.
“Why should you be sorry?” he scoffed. “I was treating you like a bar fly.”
I shrugged my shoulders, I was acting like one.
He glared at me.  “Stop, you are not a bar fly.  You do, however, have a very low tolerance for alcohol and are very entertaining under the influence,” his glare turned into a smirk.
I scowled at his smirk, and he quickly changed his expression, “I’m sorry, you are fun when you drink, that is all I meant to say.  I enjoyed last night,” he was sincere.
I tried to smile at him.  I was all kinds of emotions.  How could he have enjoyed last night?  I remember crying and breaking down in front of him, basically spilling that I was a whore for a year.  My God, I must have looked like a mess with my makeup spilling down my face.  My cheeks heated at the thought.
“Please, don’t be embarrassed,” he smiled, trying to meet my eyes with his.
Not looking at him, I started to stand from the bed, his eyes following me.  “I’m going to take a quick shower if you don’t mind,” I mumbled.  
He grinned back at me, “Go ahead, I can make us some breakfast.  Anything sound good?” 
The thought of food made my stomach turn.  He noticed and laughed, “Maybe just some tea?  You shower, I’ll get myself in order, and then we can sleep.”
Sleep?  It actually sounded amazing, some tea and then sleep.  The perfect hangover cure, and he did say that was what he normally did on Sundays.
“Ok,” I stifled a smile, and hurried into my bathroom closing the door.  I heard him laugh as he stood up.  Quickly turning the shower on, I stepped in under the warm water.  It felt amazing to get all the makeup and sticky bar feeling off my skin.  I washed my body twice, trying not to think about how ridiculous I had acted last night with him, but he truly didn’t seem to be annoyed or bothered by my actions, but they would haunt me.
Once I was out of the shower I towel dried my hair and threw on my robe.  I forgot to grab my clothes from my drawers before I came in.  I would have to quickly get in and out and maybe Tyler would still be out getting breakfast.  Some food would actually be good for my stomach.  I quickly tip toed out to my room and rummaged through my drawers.  I wasn’t going to put anything crazy on, just some gym shorts and a T-shirt.  I decided on a cute matching light blue underwear set, just in case.  My phone chirped just as I was going to go out in the living room.  I went and grabbed it and saw it was a text from Tyler.

I locked the door behind me if you changed your mind about breakfast, otherwise I will be knocking in about 10 minutes. -Tyler

I giggled at his message.  I might be mortified about my behavior last night, but I would give anything to see his smile again.  Smiling, I quickly padded my feet out to the front door, unlocking it.  I texted Tyler, telling him the door was unlocked, as I went back into my room to put some socks on.  I forgot about how cold the hardwood floor was.
I heard the door open and footsteps walking into the kitchen, followed by the sound of things hitting the counter top.  I walked down the hall to find Tyler fumbling through a grocery bag.  He turned to me and smiled.  “How is your stomach?  Can I make you an omelet?”
Suddenly feeling hungry, I nodded to him. Some real food would probably help my hangover.   His smile got wider as he moved further into the kitchen.  It looked like he had fresh clothes on, faded jeans and a Cubs T-shirt.  Did I take that long in the shower for him to be able to go to the store and home to get clean clothes?  Oh well, it didn’t matter, he stayed with me last night when I was a drunken mess and wanted to make me breakfast.
“Where are your pans?” he asked.  I pointed to the drawer below the kitchen island.  
I walked over to him.  “Can I help you?” I asked, opening the cupboard to grab some plates.
He shook his head.  “No, I want to make you breakfast, sit and relax.  Did you take some Tylenol?” His face was concerned.
I nodded my head and smiled at him, “I feel okay, but in about an hour I’m going to need to lie back down.”
“Well, I better cook fast then.”
He was fun to watch move around my kitchen, constantly asking me where things were.  It didn’t take him long to make both of us omelettes, and before I knew it, we were sitting next to each other enjoying breakfast.  I took a sip of my tea as I finished the omelet.  “That was really good, thank you.  I didn’t deserve this.”
He shook his head at me, “Of course you did.”  I took his plate and put it in the dishwasher along with the pan and spatula.  I felt his eyes watching my every move.  
He slowly stood up as I turned to face him.  He was so handsome and looked so young in jeans and a basic T-shirt, his hair still floppy from last night.  “How’s your head?” he asked, breaking the silence.
“It will be better after I lay down,” I squeaked, leaning back against the sink, not taking my eyes from his.  I small grin came upon his lips.  “Don’t let me stop you, I’m pretty tired as well…” he trailed off.  Did he want me to invite him to sleep next to me again?  
Keeping my eyes on him, I walked toward the hallway to my room, and not missing a beat, he followed behind me.  I was hoping he would put his hands on my hips and nuzzle my neck, but I decided he had a touching issue and it wasn’t going to happen.  Maybe he didn’t like it, or he was just uncomfortable with it?  He was constantly saying he wasn’t used to being touched.   Maybe he was inexperienced?   No, that couldn’t be it.  He was too attractive to not be experienced and his kisses were well rehearsed.  
We got to my room and laid on opposite sides of the bed.  It felt like there was a mile in-between us.  I grabbed a pillow and hugged it tight, taking in his soft expression.
“I really did have a good time last night, and I’m really sorry about how aggressive I was,” there was guilt in his tone.
I wanted to reach out and touch his face, but we were so far apart on the bed.  “Tyler its fine, I was drunk, and I get a little… flirty…” I blushed.
His guilt turned into a grin.  “I like when you are flirty,” he whispered.  My heart skipped a beat.  Why was he talking like this?  Was he changing his mind about us dating?
“And a blubbering mess?  I revealed some demons to you last night… you probably lost a little respect for me,” my tone was painful.
Tyler quickly sat up on his elbow and leaned closer to me.  “I would never think that.  You were betrayed by people you cared about.  You were bound to act out somehow.”
It was hard for me to believe his words.  I felt his hand slowly reach out to touch my cheek.  “Please believe me; I feel so close to you because of how honest you are with me.”
 I half smiled at his gesture.  Now it was my turn to turn the attention on him.  “So close to me like a friend though, right?” I hoped he didn’t sense my disappointment.
He scooted closer to me, his eyes intently looking into mine.  “No, not like a friend.  I just, I don’t know how to do this.”
Confused, I asked, “Have you never dated anyone before?”
“No, not really.  I have always been focused on my work.  Women who come after me don’t turn me on.  I find them really annoying actually.”
I laughed, “And you weren’t annoyed with me last night?” 
He laughed with me, “If you would have come on to me the first meeting, I wouldn’t have been annoyed with you.  Not after I saw you in the store paying for that lady.  It was so selfless of you.  I was fascinated and then how you stood up to Sawla and didn’t do it looking like a bitch; it was so respectful and tasteful.”  His eyes were soft and gentle.  He was telling the truth.  
“So you just have flings then, huh,” I said, giving him a coy glance.  He was far too attractive to abstain from sex.  I know he said girls that came onto him were annoying, but I doubted he always said no.
His face was stone serious.  “No, I’m not interested in one night stands.”
Holy cow, was he celibate?  He chuckled as though he read my mind. “My love life started out young, and I don’t want to go into detail, but I have made love to a woman before.”  My cheeks heated at his words.  I looked down at the bed, trying to avoid his eyes.  “Can I hold your hand?” he smirked, knowing I was uncomfortable with his revelation.  I held my hand out to him, and he grabbed it, lacing our fingers together.  I still didn’t understand his fascination with hand holding.
“Is that why you don’t want to date me?  Because you aren’t used to it?” I bravely asked.
He squeezed my hand tighter and laid his head back down on the pillow.
“I think you should try to sleep,” he quickly changed the subject. “Your head will start hurting if you don’t fall asleep soon.” I closed my eyes feeling rejected.  He pulled my hand up to his lips.  “Please, I don’t want to talk about that now, I’m too tired.  I know you want more of an explanation, but I can’t give it to you now.  Can I just peacefully sleep next to you, again?” 
I nodded my head yes without opening my eyes.  I heard him exhale a deep breath and scoot even closer to me.  I could smell residual of his cologne from last night.  He clung to my hand, as though I would slip through his fingers at any moment, which I would, if he didn’t start talking soon.


***

I woke up to my phone gently ringing on the end table next to my bed.  By the time I could make my hands move to grab it, the call went to voicemail.  When I opened it up I saw it was my mom.  Crap.
I forgot to call her and tell her I wouldn’t be joining in on family dinner.  I rolled my eyes and set the phone on my bed and closed my eyes again.  I felt a hand slowly graze the back of my hand.  I forgot Tyler was sleeping next to me.  I casually opened my eyes and turned to look at him.  He had a sleepy expression on his face as he looked back at me.  “Feeling better?” he questioned.
I hadn’t even thought about how I felt.  My head wasn’t throbbing anymore; the food and the sleep seemed to do the trick.
“I feel pretty good actually, a little guilty because I forgot to call my mom and tell her I wouldn’t make it to family dinner,” I said, more so to myself than to Tyler.
He sat up and looked over at the clock.  “Want me to take you over there?  It’s only 4:00pm.”
I gave him a blank look.  Why would he want to come to my family dinner?  We weren’t “together.”  We barely knew each other.  How would I introduce him? 
Mom, Dad, this is my boss, Tyler Conklin.  I thought I would bring him to dinner.  We got drunk and almost slept together, so I thought it would be appropriate if you met.
“Why would you want to come to my family dinner?” I asked, giving him a puzzled look.  
He laughed, “Well, I just offered to take you, but if you would like me to come, I would be happy to accompany you.”
I let out a horrified laugh; I can’t believe I thought he wanted to come to my family dinner!
“Come on, let’s go.” He jumped off the bed.  
I sat up quickly.  “I don’t think that is a good idea,” I said a bit too frazzled.
“What?  Are you ashamed of me?” He used the same words I always used to him, but his voice had a tone of amusement.  
“Yeah, because bringing my boss’s boss to family dinner would be a normal thing to do,” I joked.
“I’m your friend too, you know,” he frowned, while walking over to my side of the bed.  He took my hands out of my lap and pulled me up to him.  I was thrown back by his gesture.  Still holding his hands, I bravely looked into his eyes.  They were soft and full of amusement.  
“Ty…” I didn’t know what I was going to say, I was so lost in the different shades of blues and greens in his eyes. 
He looked at me affectionately.  “You don’t have to bring me to your family dinner.  I know I’ll have to earn that privilege.”  A slow smile came on my face.  I stood on my tip toes and kissed him on the cheek.  His smile turned boyish as he swung our hands.  
“Are you hungry?  We could order some food?” I said, trying not to sound like I really wanted him to stay with me longer. Because I really did want him to stay longer.
His boyish grin turned to a frown.  “Unfortunately, I have to meet Nathan for dinner.  We are going over some things for the up-coming week.  I have to go to Cleveland tomorrow for a meeting and he wants to make sure I’m prepped for it,” he said rolling his eyes.  
I tried to hide my disappointment.  Then my eyes narrowed.  “What if I would have said yes to you coming to my family dinner?”
His frown quickly turned back into a smirk.  “Would you like me to reschedule?” 
Yes, but not for family dinner.
I shook my head no, trying to hide the smile that was sneaking up on my face.  He called my bluff.
“That’s what I thought.  But I should go, you know how Nathan is,” he tilted his head to the side, a smile still plastered on his face.  He stopped swinging my hands, and I let both of them go.  I reluctantly tore my eyes from his, and started to walk out of my room.  He quickly grabbed my hand and I turned back to him.  His face was worrisome. “Are you mad?”
I searched his face quizzically.  “No, you just said you had to go, so I was going to walk you out.”
He looked at me skeptically, “I’m sorry I can’t have dinner with you tonight.  What about Wednesday?”
“Sure,” I squeaked. 
He searched my eyes as though he was trying to tell if I really wasn’t mad, which I wasn’t at all.  He tentatively brought his hands up to my face.  Once he saw that I was comfortable with his hand placement, he began to caress my cheeks.  I sank into his touch and closed my eyes.  It felt so good when he was tender like this. I felt his breathing become shallower and closer to my skin.  As his lips gently touched mine, I melted into him even more.  Before I got the chance to try and deepen the kiss, he pulled his lips away from mine and rubbed our noses together.
“Thank you for the wonderful weekend,” he whispered.
“Hmm,” was the only response I was capable of because of his intimate kiss.  He bit his lip, attempting to hold in his grin, then dropped his hands and started to walk out of my room.  I regained my focus and followed him.  He started to put on his shoes by the front door.  I loved to watch him.  His dark hair in a controlled mess, flopping on his forehead because the gel had worn off from the previous night and his arms flexed in an intense way as he tied his shoes.  I bit my lip, imagining his arms flexing around me.  I quickly shook my head to rid the thoughts from my mind.
Just remember he’s your boss!
He stood up from tying his shoes and his eyes met mine, beautiful pools of blue and green.  He stepped forward toward me, leaned down, and gently kissed my cheek.  I blushed at his chivalrous gesture.  When he pulled back, a thought crossed my mind.  Just as he was turning to open the door I asked, “Tyler, what are you going to tell Nathan tonight when you see him?”
He paused without turning back to me. “That I took you home.”
I didn’t say anything for a minute while his back was still to me, I asked, “You’re not going to tell him you stayed the night and spent the day with me, are you,” it was a statement instead of a question.
His shoulders slouched and his head turned to the side, “I doubt he will ask.”  
I let out a sigh, “Good bye, Tyler.”
“Have a good night, Becca.”



Chapter 9



I locked the door after Tyler left and thudded my head against it.  He wouldn’t tell Nathan that we had spent the past 18 hours together.  What was he so afraid of?  Trying to guard myself from my insecurities, I kept hoping it was more than just how I looked.  He said it was hard for him to explain.  He never said I was beautiful or anything like that.  I sighed and leaned my body more against the door.  After today and last night, I wasn’t going to be able to get him out of my head for a while.  Then, I was startled by keys hitting the door and the knob turning.  I jumped back as Jamie started to walk in.  She gasped and dropped her purse when she saw me.
“Jesus, Becca!  You scared the shit out of me!  Why are you hoarding the door?”  she exclaimed, clasping her hand to her chest.
“Sorry, I was just saying goodbye to Tyler and… lingered by the door,” I mumbled.
 “I figured.  I saw him leaving the elevator.  He seemed a bit flustered.  Did everything go ok?  Has he been here since last night?”
I nodded my head.  “I never should have drank all of those Long Islands.  I made a fool of myself.”
Jamie laughed.  “I highly doubt that.  So was he good in bed?” she asked, dragging me to the couch.  I rolled my eyes at her.
“We didn’t sleep together.  Well, we didn’t have sex.  I told you I wasn’t going to do that anymore.  It was a very odd evening and day.  He did make me an omelet though.”  I smiled at the thought of how he went out to get us the ingredients to make omelettes.
She gaped at me, “Yeah, yeah, yeah I know, no one nighters I get it.  My night was… amazing,” She sighed and flopped her head on the back of the couch.  I giggled at her reaction and asked her to elaborate.  Jamie said he was very good in bed, and he was very interested in repeating their evening sometime during the week.  I was happy for her.  She deserved to be happy.   
We didn’t talk about Tyler anymore.  Any time his name came up, I would dodge the question and change the subject.  Jamie eventually caught on and stopped bugging me for details.  The sad part was, I don’t think I would have been able to give her details.  Our relationship was so vague; I don’t even think I could call it a relationship.



***

I slept awesome that night and was fresh and ready for work.  I didn’t get any texts from Tyler last night after he left.  He must have been busy with Nathan.  I doubted I would see him around the office today.  He said he was going to Cleveland.  I wondered what time his flight was taking off.  I sent him a quick text.

I hope you slept well last night, and I hope you have a great flight.  Did you remember your ear plugs? -Becca

I set my phone down and hopped in the shower.  I cleaned as quickly as I could, curious to see if Tyler had texted me back.  I towel dried my body super fast and practically ran to my bed.  I had a text.  Grinning from ear to ear, I read the message.

I didn’t sleep as well as I did with you. -Tyler

My grin became even bigger, if that was possible.

Sad you slept better next to a drunken girl then in your own bed. -Becca 

She wasn’t drunk the second time.  I don’t think I’ll sleep well again until Wednesday. -Tyler

My cheeks heated.  Good thing I was by myself.  He wanted me to stay the night after we went out?  If we would even go out.  He would probably want us to hermit in his house.  The thought disappointed me, even made me a bit angry.

Plan on picking up another drunken chick at the bar?  I’ll be on a date, oh wait… the guy I’m going out with doesn’t date. -Becca

I waited a few moments, then sighed and threw the phone on my bed so I could get dressed.  Maybe he will give me an answer via text.  Once I was dressed in a simple black skirt and white button up I checked my phone again.  Still no answer.  Wuss.   I went into the bathroom and put on a splash of makeup and straightened my hair.  When I was finally going to put my shoes on, my phone started ringing.  I rolled my eyes, knowing it was Tyler.  I didn’t think he would call me, just give me some vague text about how it was best for me that we weren’t together.  Whatever.
“Yes?” I answered, sounding slightly annoyed.
“Good morning to you too,” he sounded surprised at my annoyance.  I started to feel bad about my rudeness.  “First, you are not just some drunk chick, when are you going to listen to me when I say that?  Second, Wednesday will be a date.  Don’t be so quick to judge, Becca.” His voice became sterner.
I got a lump in my throat from his tone.  I didn’t mean to make him upset.  “I’m sorry if I sounded crabby when I answered, and my text wasn’t meant to be taken seriously.” It was sort of the truth.
I heard a sigh on the other line.  “Just give me some time, please.  Why are you crabby?”
“It’s nothing.  I’m just having an off morning, and I was just teasing you.  I understand.”
Understand I’m just not good enough to be seen with.
He paused for a moment.  “Why are you having an off morning?” He sounded concerned.
I’m having an off morning because you are ashamed of me.
“I don’t know, just woke up on the wrong side of the bed.  When are you coming back?” I tried to sound like I would be fine waiting until Wednesday to see him, but that was a lie.  I wanted him to crawl into my bed tonight and sleep with me, even if we weren’t going to do any heavy breathing.
“Not until Wednesday morning, but I have to get into a meeting.  I’ll text you later, okay?”
“Yeah I need to head out too.  Have fun at your meeting,” I said trying to smile, not that he could see me.
“I always do. Bye.”
“Bye.”
I let out a sigh as I hit the end call button.  I would never understand him.  He said he didn’t do flings, so maybe he just wanted a friend with benefits type thing?  I’ve already done that, and I’m not going back.  No, he would have tried to sleep with me yesterday if that was what he wanted.  Maybe he was really just gay, but was still confused?  I would have to wait until Wednesday to see what he had up his sleeve.  Maybe he would start talking then.


***

When I arrived at work a big black SUV was pulled up right outside the main entrance to the building.  A very sharply dressed man came out of the SUV with three immaculate women following him.  He had very expensive looking sunglasses and spiky hair. He looked like he might be in his 40s.  Probably one of our higher up clients, but normally Nathan or Tyler worked with them and always went to them.  They rarely had meetings at the office, especially with clients of his stature.  I followed the man and his entourage into the building.  I stood off to the side of the entourage in front of one of the four elevators.  I felt incredibly small standing in the same proximity as the three beautiful bombshells.  I heard a ping, and it was the elevator in front of the gorgeous group and they walked in.  I overheard the gentleman who led the pack say, “Ladies, go ahead and meet me in my office.  I’ll take the next one up.”
Then it felt like someone was in my bubble.  Slowly turning my head, the immaculately dressed man was standing next to me with his hands behind his back.  I quickly turned my head back to the elevator.  Why was he standing so close to me?
“Good morning,” he said politely.
I glanced at him and said hello back.  The elevator door opened in front of us, and we both walked on.  He was on the side of the elevator with the buttons and asked me which floor.  I finally looked into his eyes.  They were bright blue and had a familiar twinkle in them.  He let out a full heart-stopping smile when I told him which floor.
“Hi, I’m RJ Conklin, are you new here?” he asked, putting his hand out to me.  I was almost speechless.  I was in the same elevator as RJ Conklin, the owner of the most powerful architecture firm in the Midwest. 
Finally able to speak I said hello, “Yes, I work in the commercial architecture department.  I’m Becca.  It’s nice to meet you Mr. Conklin.” I shook his soft manicured hands.  His grin became mischievous.  I had seen that grin before on both Nathan and Tyler’s faces.  I’m sure Mitch had the same grin as well.
“Please, call me RJ.  It’s nice to meet you.  Do you like it here so far?”  His eyes were so easy to get lost in.  I felt exposed when his eyes searched into mine.
“Yes, I love it here.  I’m very excited with the project I just started working on.”
He gave me a curious look.  “Which project?”
“Enterprise Yachts.”
A slow grin came across his face.  “Yes, that is a very big project.  Can you meet me in my office Wednesday?  We can talk more about it.”  
I nodded my head at him.  Why did he want to talk to me about the project?  I was the junior on the account, and honestly it would be more of a learning experience where Corey would be doing most of the work.
We finally reached my floor.  Nathan was standing in front of the elevator when the door opened.
“Morning, Becca.  Did you have a good weekend?”  he said with a knowing smile.
I flushed in embarrassment at his smile.  He had seen me very intoxicated.  And he probably thought I slept with his brother.  Although, I’m sure Tyler had squashed that thought, and just told him he dropped me at the front of my building.  The thought made the color fall from my cheeks.
“Err… it was great, thanks,” I mumbled, walking past him.
“It was lovely to meet you, Becca,” RJ said with a slinky smile.  I returned his smile and continued walking to my office.  I said hello to the receptionist and continued walking to my cubicle, still baffled by RJ Conklin wanting to talk to me.
The next day was consumed with working on the Enterprise Yachts plans.  Will wasn’t his usual carefree self but was edgy and picky.  I understood where he was coming from. This was a huge account that we couldn’t mess up.  I had even told him I would be happy to let someone with more experience take my spot.  He just shook his head at me and told me I was doing fine and having a woman’s perspective was a big deal, considering the owner of Enterprise Yachts was a woman.  Her husband had started the company but unfortunately died and left the company to her.  Instead of selling it, she took it over and clearly she knew what she was doing.  I could tell Corey was getting annoyed with Will’s analytical comments that he was constantly throwing over Corey’s shoulder.
I was beat by Tuesday evening, and the three of us didn’t leave until 8:00pm.  
“Gosh Will, we will get it done.  Stop freaking out about it.  Nathan will be impressed with what we have done when he comes tomorrow,” Corey exasperated while rolling his eyes.
“It’s RJ I’m worried about.  He’s coming with Nathan.  You know he can be very nit-picky,” Will said nervously.  
Corey rolled his eyes again.  “Has he ever not been impressed with what we have come up with?”
Will’s body started to relax.  “Yeah, I guess you are right.” 


***

When I got home Jamie was lying on the couch watching TV.  I started to talk to her, but when I didn’t get an answer, I went over to see what was up. She was passed out with her phone in her hand on her chest.  She must have been talking to Sean.  They had been talking and texting non-stop since Saturday night.  I was happy for her.  I grabbed the afghan that was on the back of the couch and threw it over her then headed to my side of the condo.  I was too tired to do anything but get ready for bed and crawl under my sheets.  I threw on my Tigers T-shirt and some comfy shorts and snuggled under my covers.  When I went to put my phone on my charger the thought of texting Tyler occurred to me.  I had only gotten a few texts from him throughout the past couple of days, all of them being very vague.  

Hey, what time is your flight tomorrow?  Will I see you around the office? -Becca

My phone chirped almost instantly.

I’m actually taking a flight back tonight around 11:00pm.  I plan to be in the office most of the day tomorrow. -Tyler

Well he was quick to the point.  I started to feel insecure.

Will you still want to see me tomorrow night? -Becca

Of course!  Why wouldn’t I?  Can we leave right from the office? -Tyler

His reaction made me squeeze my pillow.  He still wanted to see me.

Yeah that’s fine.  I don’t know what time it’ll be.  Will has been a little uptight about the Enterprise Yachts project.  I didn’t get done until 8:00pm tonight. -Becca

Don’t worry you’ll get out in time.  Just tell him you have a business meeting with management. -Tyler

I could sense his humor.  Then I remembered I was meeting with RJ tomorrow.  My nerves suddenly took over.  I was trying to piece together what I would wear in my brain when, my phone chirped again, bringing me back to my texting with Tyler.

I was kidding.  It’ll be fine, Becca.  I can’t wait to see you.  I have been thinking about you non-stop since Sunday afternoon.  I hope you will enjoy what I have planned. -Tyler

My heart skipped a beat.  Had he really been thinking of me?  He didn’t put forth an effort to talk to me a whole lot throughout the past couple of days.  I shouldn’t think that.  He’s a busy man, and I’m sure most of the time he was working and didn’t even get a chance to give me a call or text.  I should be happy he sent me so many tonight.

Sorry for my delay, I’m sure I’ll enjoy what you have planned :O)-Becca

I wasn’t going to tell him I was day dreaming about what I was going to wear for the meeting with his father.  That might sound weird, but I knew I had to dress to impress Tyler as well, since we would be leaving right from work.

I hope it brings a smile to your actual face.  I need to get to the airport, and you need to get some sleep.  Have a good night, Becca. -Tyler

Thanks you too, don’t forget to bring your ear plugs. -Becca



Chapter 10



I was a nervous wreck on my way to work.  I asked Jamie if she would drop me off today since I was going for the sophisticated look and wore heels.  I didn’t think I could do it all day with them and go out with Tyler by starting my day off with a mile walk.  I wore a gray dress with a yellow belt and matching yellow heels.  The collar was square and was a bit low.  I was wearing my hot pink push-up bra to give me a bit of cleavage.  I decided to do my hair in curls and made sure my eyes popped.  If I was going to be meeting with the head of the company, I had to look nothing short of amazing.  But the truth was--, I was doing it for Tyler.  He said he wanted to go out right from work, so I wouldn’t have a lot of time to freshen up.  I had even made sure I had on matching hot pink panties.  I didn’t necessarily want him to see that much of me, but you never know.

I sat down in my cubicle and started to peruse my emails.  I had noticed one from RJ, saying to come meet him at noon for lunch.  I hadn’t even thought about what time we would be meeting. There was one from Will with what he expected us to get done today, and there was one from Tyler.  He had never emailed me at work before.

Becca,

Look in the cabinet above your CAD computer.

Tyler Conklin
CO-VP of Conklin Architecture, Construction, and Design

I furrowed my brow and stood up to move to the other side of my desk.  When I flipped open the cabinet, a single white rose was placed in front of the numerous files.  My heart thudded as I took out the rose and read the note that was attached to it.

I’m looking forward to seeing you tonight. -Ty

I couldn’t take the ridiculous grin off my face if I tried.  Putting the rose to my nose I closed my eyes in contentment.  He clearly had feelings for me.  A guy doesn’t just hide a rose in a girl’s office for her to find in hopes of getting her in bed, does he?
“Becca!  Are you ready to get started working on this today?” Corey yelled from his office.  His voice startled me, causing me to nearly drop the rose.  I set it down beside my computer and went to join him.
“I’m so sick of Will FREAKING out about this.  Our meeting with RJ is at 4:00pm.  Will wants us to finish up this back part and then he will hopefully be happy,” he sighed.
I let out a small laugh.  “Yeah, he sent me an email about it.  Does he always get this frazzled?  He seems so relaxed usually.”
“He freaks out when RJ comes around.  We barely see him, and RJ can be a lot like Nathan, fast talker, but he can be way more of a prick,” he said shaking his head.  I guess Tyler wasn’t the only one who wasn’t that fond of him.
“I’m meeting him for lunch at noon,” I blurted out.  
Corey’s head jerked toward mine with a contorted face and said, “What?”
“Yeah, I uh, ran into him on Monday.  He said he wanted to meet with me about this project.  It was kind of odd now that I think about it.  He didn’t even know who I was at first.”  Maybe I should be worried about this meeting.
Corey let a half smile cross his face then looked back to the plans.  “Well, we better get this done; I’m guessing you will be taking a long lunch break.”
I didn’t understand what he meant, but decided to ignore it and focus on what we needed to get done.

11:45am came quickly, and I was nearly shaking because I was so nervous.  Not wanting to be late, I left Corey’s office and went to get my bag.  I wanted to go check myself out in the mirror to make sure I didn’t have any smudges or anything embarrassing going on.  While I was rummaging through my bag, I noticed a text on my phone.  It was from Tyler.  Crap!  I was going to send him a message back about the rose.  It was so thoughtful of him.  The thought of it made my butterflies go away from my meeting with RJ, but returned to my evening with Tyler.

Have you checked your email yet today? -Tyler

Yes, and thank you.  It was very sweet of you.  Sorry I didn’t thank you sooner.  I’m heading up to your dad’s office now.  He wanted to meet with me about the Enterprise Yachts account.  I can’t wait for tonight.  I’ll text you when I know what time I’ll be done. -Becca

He didn’t reply back to me right away, but then again I didn’t have time to flirt via text with him.  Once I felt presentable, I made my way to the elevator.  RJ’s office was on the top floor.  I assumed Tyler’s office was around there.  Maybe he would peek his head out and say hi?  I doubt it.  He’s still in the “no one can know about us” mood.
Once the elevator opened I took a deep breath and went to follow the sign that pointed to RJ’s office.  I was stopped dead in my tracks by Tyler.  I greeted him with a huge smile, but it quickly vanished with the expression he had on his face.  He was fuming.  I thought steam was going to come out of his ears they were so red.
“What the hell are you doing?” he sneered at me.
I was thrown back by his anger.  “I’m meeting with your dad.  He asked me to come up here and talk to him.  I met him on Monday.”
“Why are you meeting with him?  He never wants to meet with junior architects,” he seethed.  What was wrong with him?  I was a little hurt by how he pronounced junior architect.  I know I was the low one on the totem pole, but he didn’t have to throw it in my face like that.
“He wanted to talk about the Enterprise Yachts project.”
He closed his eyes and tensed his jaw.  “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I’m sorry, it must have slipped my mind.  Not like we have talked a whole lot while you were gone,” my voice cracked a little.
His eyes scanned my whole body.  I fidgeted under his stare. 
“Why are you dressed like that?” His voice became very quiet, and almost had a trace of pain to it.  I didn’t know how to react.  Was I not dressed nice enough to meet his father?  Gosh he really didn’t want me to meet his family.  What is the point in investing time in someone if you are ashamed to introduce them to your parents?  I was starting to get angry with him.
“I’m sorry, am I not dressed well enough to meet your father?”  Now my tone was becoming agitated.
He was the one who was fidgeting now.  “You look…” He sighed and his eyes softened.  “You look stunning.  The rest of this building is dull compared to you.”
I sucked in a breath of air.  I wasn’t expecting him to say that at all.  No one has ever said anything like that to me, not even Connor.
His eyes became cold again.  “Why are you all dressed up for him?”
I narrowed my eyes, completely forgetting the compliment he had just given me.  “I’m not, I WAS all dressed up for you, but I’m not sure if I want to go on a date with you tonight, or I’m sorry, to just hang out, since that is all we are allowed to do!”  My anger shocked me as much as it shocked Tyler.  He stared down at me putting his hand on his face with wide eyes. 
“Becca, there you are!  I was beginning to wonder if you were going to stand me up.” RJ said, emerging from his office down the hall.  I closed my eyes, trying to regain my composure.  Tyler turned his head toward his dad.  I could feel his anger rising again, and it no longer radiated toward me, but over to RJ.
“Hey Tyler, back from Cleveland already?”  RJ said with a gleam in his eye.  Tyler’s stare didn’t change.  He dropped his hand down from his face.
“Yes.  Aren’t you going to talk to Will and Corey about the Enterprise Yachts account at 4:00pm?  Why don’t you let Becca have her lunch and you can discuss what you need to discuss with her then,” Tyler’s tone was venomous.
A slow mischievous smirk came across RJ’s face as though he enjoyed Tyler’s animosity.  “I just wanted Becca to feel welcome.  Get her ideas on the account.  I like to treat my new employees with some… affection.”  He turned to smile at me.  “Let them know I care.”   I gave him a half smile.  Tyler was burning a hole in RJ’s head with his glare.
“Becca, how about I meet you in my office.  I’m going to have a quick word with Tyler.”  I nodded and slowly started to walk back to his office.  I refused to look at Tyler.  What was he thinking?  Even if I had dressed nicely to impress his father, why would it be such a big deal?  He is my boss after all.  I wanted to make a good impression.
RJ’s office was huge.  The space was unnecessary, and I’m sure he was only here once every few weeks.  Three of the walls were painted light gray, while the back wall was a built in shelving unit with cabinets and mirrors and was painted black.  His desk was long and oval shaped, black on the bottom with a glass top.  He had various pictures of himself and business associates at functions, then I noticed one of him and Tyler.  It was at Tyler’s graduation from Michigan.  Tyler had a half smile and looked so young.  RJ had his hand around his shoulder with the same expression as Tyler.  They both looked uncomfortable.  The other walls that were painted gray had various mock up drawings of the larger buildings the company had built.  In the center of the room was a hefty black sofa with a coffee table and two modern looking white chairs on either side of the couch.   The ceiling had a circle drawn out with lights cascading out from the indentation.  I noticed a table set for two off to the side by the floor to ceiling windows that were the length of the wall.  He wasn’t kidding about eating lunch.  My stomach churned.  I hope it wasn’t anything fried.
I stepped in front of his desk and noticed an intriguing brick sitting by itself in the front center of the desk.  I was drawn to it, walking up and running my finger across the concrete block.  It was a normal looking brick, an average piece of tan speckled cement.  Why would he have it set front and center of his desk?
RJ finally came into his office, closing the foggy glass doors behind him. 
“Beautiful isn’t it?”  RJ said, walking over to his desk, referring to the brick I was examining.  “That is an RJ Brick, I invented it,” he said a little too proudly. 
“It’s lovely;” I said, taking my hand away from the brick.  How does one invent a brick?  Weren’t they just concrete?
“Come take a seat with me, will you?”  I met him at the table set for two as he was pulling out the chair for me.  I gave him a shy smile and sat down.   His hand grazed my shoulder and gave me a shiver.
“Our food will be here shortly.  I hope you don’t mind, but I ordered sushi for us.”  I tried to give him a pleasant nod.  I think he bought it. I was picky about sushi and was more interested in the California rolls.  
“So, Becca.  Is there anything I can do to make your job better?  More comfortable?”  he asked me smoothly, pouring some sparkling water into a very fancy glass that looked more like a wine glass.
“Everything is great RJ.  I really like everyone, and I’m always busy.  It’s been a dream come true.” I said honestly.
He gave me a dazzling smile.  It reminded me of Tyler’s.  Then my mind drifted to his unhappiness with my meeting his dad.  The pleasant thought of Tyler’s smile vanished.  I hoped he was stewing in his office.  I could picture his sulk.
“Well, I’m glad you like it,” he said, waving one of his assistants inside.
Our food came just as he was talking, and I was relieved when RJ’s assistant placed California rolls in front of us.  There were six other types of rolls, only one other one looked like it might have some promise to be good.  His assistant was one of the leggy blondes that walked in with him on Monday.  She gave me a look over and huffed, then turned to RJ and asked him in a very seductive voice if he wanted anything else.  He shook his head then shooed her away.  The blond was clearly upset by his reaction to her and glared at me as she left.
“Please, help yourself.  I like everything but the California rolls,” RJ said, starting to put pieces on his plate.  I let out a small smile.
“Good thing that is the only sushi I like.”  Sort of like.
His grin widened.  “Are you getting along with all of your co-workers?”
“Yes, everyone is great.”
He studied my face for a moment, and then tilted his head.  “What about Tyler?”
I chewed my sushi roll slowly, as though that would give me more time to think about how to answer him.  I wanted to say we had secret rendezvous, but I didn’t have it in me.  If Tyler didn’t want his dad to know about me then I wasn’t going to be the one to spill the beans.
“”Tyler… is great, a bit grumpy sometimes,” I said trying to sound nonchalant.  I slowly moved my eyes to meet his.  
His grin faded.  “He can be a bit of a grouch.”
I let out a slight laugh.  He could be more than a grouch.   RJ cocked his head at my laugh, his grin reappearing.
The rest of the lunch we continued with small talk and the trip out to Ludington for the Enterprise Yachts account.  He eventually brought up my dad.
“You should talk to your dad about the expansion on the arena.  We would love to have him as a client.  I’m sure he would be proud to say his daughter had a hand in the remodel.  You could be the lead architect if he decides to sign with us.”
There it was--my father’s name being thrown in my face again.  Being the lead architect would be a dream come true, but not if I only got the job because the building was my father’s.  If I’m going to be a lead on a project, I want it to be because I earned it, not because of my last name.
I shrugged my shoulders.  “Maybe I’ll bring it up at family dinner.  We don’t really talk about work though.”
“I’ll make sure you receive a nice bonus for the sale.  It’s a big deal for us to keep getting local commercial accounts.  It would mean a lot to me if you could land this,” he said, crossing his legs.
The businessman in him was starting to come out.  I could see where Nathan got it.  I glanced at the clock above RJ’s desk and started to stand.  He instantly stood with me.
“I should get back to help Will and Corey prep for our meeting this afternoon,” I said politely.  RJ started to walk over to me, putting his hands on my forearms and leading me past the table toward his black couch as though he wanted me to sit down.  I felt uncomfortable with his hands on me.  When he moved me toward the couch he pulled me to sit down.  He took his hands from my arms and sat down next to me, turning his chest to face me.
“You don’t have to rush back.  I’m sure everything is prepared just fine.”
I fidgeted in the seat, crossing my legs and folding my arms across my lap, worried if I were to look exposed he would take that as a sign he could touch me again.
“I like your necklace,” he said as he reached up to finger the yellow and gray swirled teardrop shaped piece of clay.  It was laced through a black string.  I quickly stood up before his fingers could touch my skin.  He quickly stood with me.
“Thank you for lunch and for making me feel welcome,” I tried to sound sincere.  I’m sure it was in my head, but a slimy feeling came upon me when he reached for my necklace. 
He smiled as though nothing strange had happened.  RJ went to open the door for me, and as I walked by, he placed his hand on my lower back.  I tried not to tense; he was just being friendly.
“I’ll see you in a few hours Becca.  It was great doing lunch.  We should do dinner sometime.”  His smile was mischievous. 
I gave him a friendly nod and continued to the elevator.  Before getting into the elevator, I decided to walk down the other hall to see if I could find Tyler’s office.  The door was closed.  I decided to knock.  I heard an irritated ‘come in’ and I slightly pushed open the door.  I wanted to give him a piece of my mind.
I slowly stepped in and closed the door behind me.  Not taking but a foot in the door, I put my hands on my hips and stared him down.  Tyler was standing next to a table that had fancy glass liquor jars.  He was pouring himself a glass, his back toward me.  His office was a lot like RJs, gray walls with black fixtures.  He didn’t have a couch, but two leather black chairs that sat in front of a white desk.  He didn’t have any pictures hung up.
“Nathan, I’m not in the mood,” he started to say without turning to me.  I decided to take a different approach.  Not sure where my courage was coming from, I slyly came up to his back, tracing my fingernail down his spine.
He quickly spun around, nearly spilling his glass.  “Jesus Becca, you scared me!”  he gasped, taking a step back from me.  I narrowed my eyes at him and took a step to fill the space between us.
He gulped at my expression nervously, but then put on a cool exterior.  Taking another sip from his glass, he let his eyes bore into mine.  I wasn’t going to shy away from him this time.  I was going to tell him exactly how I felt and exactly what I thought about our encounter before my meeting with his father.
“What the hell was wrong with you earlier?” I glared at him.
His eyes became intense.  “I didn’t know you were going to have lunch with RJ.  You never told me.”
I rolled my eyes at him.  “What?  Do I have to ask for your permission?”
“No, but I would like to know when you are going to be alone with him.  You didn’t have to go behind my back about it,” he spat.
I scoffed at him, “Behind your back?  He’s my boss!  I can’t say no to him because my secret friend doesn’t like the idea of me being alone with him!”
“What did you do with him?” he shouted.
“I had a meeting with him!  We talked what else would we be doing!”
Tyler’s jaw clenched tight.  “Anytime a pretty girl goes in there for lunch, they normally aren’t talking.”
My jaw dropped.  “You thought I was having a nooner with your Dad?  For God sakes Tyler he’s in his 50s!”  How could he ever think that I would ever sleep with him!  Yeah, he was attractive for his age, but I would never have any type of physical contact with the man or none that I would start.  He did touch me a few times which made me feel uncomfortable, but I wasn’t about to tell Tyler that.
Tyler didn’t take his eyes off me.  His face suddenly looked pained, like something had been taken from him.
I waited for him to say something, but the silence irritated me even more.  I turned around to leave.  “Don’t worry, I didn’t tell him about our drunken night together or any of our other times we have spent hanging out.  Have a great night!” I nearly shouted while storming out the door.  He didn’t try to follow me.  He didn’t say a word.  I was so mad at him.  Why on earth would he be so jealous of his father?  His parents were still married, although I guess that doesn’t matter to some people.  I stormed into Corey’s office where Will and Corey were staring at the plans they had been working on.  They both turned their heads toward me, and then looked at each other, then back at the plans.  I let out a sigh.
“Sorry I’m a little late.  My meeting went longer than expected,” I huffed, trying to gain my composure.  I hoped they weren’t able to see the steam that was radiating off of me from being so mad.
Corey stifled a smile.  “Did RJ get you all flustered?  He has that effect on Will, too.”
Will furrowed his brows at Corey and then turned to me.  “Don’t worry about it Becca, RJ can be a lot to handle.  Are you okay?”  He was being sincere, which made me feel horrible.  Will was so worried about this account, yet he still wanted to make sure I was okay.  I felt bad for Will, he talked about his wife and two young boys all of the time, and with this account happening he hadn’t been home to see them nearly as often as usual.  I knew what it was like to not get to see my father very often.
We finished prepping for the meeting and headed to the floor where we were going to be conferencing. We all arrived early, wanting to get everything in place and perfect for RJ to examine.  Nathan, and to my surprise, Tyler, came walking in to take a seat.  I refused to look at Tyler.  Nathan noticed and sat down next to me.
“Becca, nice to see you again,” he smiled while watching Tyler.  When I got the courage to glance at Tyler, he was looking anywhere but at me.  He sat down at the far end of the table and pulled out his phone.  A minute later, my bag started chirping.  I rolled my eyes and ignored it.  Tyler peeked up at me and then looked down to his phone.  My bag chirped again.  I blew out air, crossing my arms glaring at him.  Nathan looked between the two of us.  Chirp.  I rolled my eyes.  Everyone was looking at me now.
Trying to contain my heated cheeks, I searched to get my phone out of my bag.  I saw a sly gleam out of the corner of his eye as though he had won. Narrowing my eyes, I looked at the messages.

I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have talked to you like that-Tyler

Will you walk with me to my car for our date tonight instead of me picking you up? -Tyler

I know you hear your phone-Tyler

I can do this all afternoon. -Tyler

My fingers couldn’t type fast enough for his reply.  I secretly hoped his phone was on ringer so everyone would look at him with each reply I made.

You’re right; you shouldn’t have talked to me like that. -Becca

Not a chance in Hell. -Becca

Yes, I did hear my phone.  I was obviously trying to ignore you. -Becca

You can do this all afternoon but it won’t change anything. -Becca

His phone constantly vibrated, and his arrogance quickly turned to distress.  Before he could reply, I silenced my phone and noisily threw it in my bag so he would notice.  Tyler cocked his head at me and gave me a pleading look.  I thought his lips might start to pout soon.  It was kind of cute, but I needed to remember that I was mad at him.  I quickly started fumbling with my iPad, as though I were preparing more for the meeting.  I heard Nathan let out a chuckle.  He clearly caught on that we were talking to each other.
RJ walked in with two of his super model assistants and was ready for business. 
“Let’s see what you have come up with, Will,” RJ said leaning over the prints.  
The rest of the meeting was very typical.  We threw around ideas that could make it better and thought about different ways to make the buildings more eco-friendly.  I had trouble following along because I was so worried about whether Tyler was looking at me or not.  I wanted to forgive him and wrap my arms around his waist, but I needed to hold my ground.  I wasn’t going to be walked all over anymore.
Once the meeting was over I hurried to gather my things and headed down to our department to grab my coat.  I didn’t feel like talking to any of the Conklins, they were giving me a major head rush.  I quickly put my coat on to leave, but then I caught something yellow out of the corner of my eye on my chair.  I went to pick up the single yellow rose that had a note attached to it.

I’m sorry.  Let me make it up to you tonight. -Ty

I smelled the rose, letting my anger subside.  Tyler must have come up here before the meeting to place it on my chair.  He was trying.  He did repeatedly say he wasn’t used to this, not that I knew what he was talking about half the time.   Maybe I should lighten up on him.  
I started to walk toward the elevator in a trance, holding the flower to my nose.  Before I could make it to the hallway where the elevator was, Tyler was leaning against the doorframe with his hands in his pockets.  He was dressed in dark gray suit pants and a button up light blue shirt with a navy tie that looked a little loose around his neck.  His eyes were weary as he peeked up at me.  I walked right up to him, cocking my head, still holding the rose to my nose.  With a lopsided smile he reached his hand out to me, his eyes afraid to look anywhere but mine.  I sighed and took his hand, still holding the rose to my face.  
We walked to the elevator in silence.  Once the doors closed I spoke.  “You know a flower doesn’t fix everything.”
“I know.  I never should have assumed anything without talking to you.  I’m sorry I spoke to you the way I did earlier,” he whispered, giving my hand a gentle squeeze.
“Thank you for the rose.  Why yellow this time and white this morning?”
“I thought you would like the white, and the yellow matches your outfit today,” he smiled.
I blushed, bringing the rose down from my face.  “So, what are we doing tonight?”
“Are you a hockey fan?”



Chapter 11



“I thought we could use the company suite and have dinner at the Griffin’s game tonight.  Only if you want to,”  he said sincerely.
I hadn’t been to a Griffin’s game since I was 16.  My dad owned the arena, so we of course had a suite as well.  My brother liked to go to games a lot.  It made me nervous to think he could be there and see me with Tyler.  Then I thought, strange Tyler would want to go somewhere with me in public again?  The bar was a coincidence; this would be thought out and planned.
“Isn’t a hockey game a bit… crowded?” I said raising an eyebrow.
He smirked at me.   “Are you ashamed to be seen with me?” he said using the same words I had used on him.  I didn’t find him funny and narrowed my eyes at him.  He quickly straightened his smirk into a thin line.  “I was kidding.”
Looking away from him I said, “Going to the game will be fine.  Shall we walk?”
“No, I have my car here we can take.  It’s in the basement ramp.”  That explained why we were descending lower than the main floor.
Leading me out of the elevator, he pulled me along to find his black Maserati.  He opened the door for me and closed it, swiftly going to his side of the car.  We took off out of the parking ramp and were in the VIP parking of the Arena in no time.  It was odd going into this section with someone else being the one who was getting the special treatment.  I kind of liked it.  I got so sick of people kissing my ass just because I was Maxwell Stine’s daughter.  Fortunately no one could recognize me yet with my new “makeover.”
We made our way to the VIP elevator and headed to the suite.  There were people everywhere.  Most wearing their favorite player’s jerseys and team hats, tons of little kids with their families, and the occasional drunken college student meandering around holding the overly priced beers in their hands.  I felt overdressed to be going to a hockey game.  I should have thought to bring clothes to change into.  Shoot, what if he wanted me to stay at his house tonight?  He did insinuate that earlier.  I started to get butterflies in my stomach.  Should I stay with a man who I wasn’t sure was serious about having a future with me?  I was after all trying to stay away from those types of relationships.  
We finally made it up to the suite door.  Tyler took out a plastic key from his pocket and slid it across the keypad.  He opened the door for me to walk in first.  The dim lights grew brighter with every footstep I took in.  The suite was very nice and spacious.  It had a dining table that could seat eight, a set of couches with a flat screen that was playing the pre-game line up, and there was a full kitchen/bar along the opposite wall.  The far wall was all glass that pointed toward the arena, and there was a small deck with comfortable looking chairs to sit on and watch the game.  I heard Tyler close the door and walk up right behind me. “What do you think?” I could feel the apprehension on his breath as it brushed past my ear.  A small tingle went down my neck.
I turned to face him.  “It’s great.  I haven’t been to a game in a long time.”
“I know this suite isn’t as nice as your fathers…” his tone was anxious.  Was he trying to impress me?  Did he not realize how simple of a person I was?
“You didn’t have to reserve the suite.  I would have been fine with upper bowl tickets,” I smiled at him.  “I don’t expect expensive things like the rest of my family.”
He gave me an adoring smile.  I wanted him to grab me and kiss me, but he kept his soft gentle eyes on mine.  They were bluer than green today, no doubt because of the light blue shirt he was wearing.  I loved that his eyes never took on the same color.
He took my hand over to the bar and gestured for me to sit down.  He took out two champagne glasses and set them in front of me.  Turning back to the kitchen, he grabbed a bottle of champagne that was chilling on ice.  Popping the cork, he poured the contents into our glasses.  He held one glass out to me and had the other in his hand.
“A toast, to our first official date,” he smirked.  I returned a similar smile and took a sip of the champagne.  Before I put my glass back on the bar we heard a knock at the door.
“Ah, that must be dinner,” Tyler said, turning to greet the caterer. 
I stood up to take a seat over at the dining table that was dressed in navy placemats with all the fine silverware, waiting for the food to complement its elegance.  You would never know we were in an arena filled with drunks and riled up fans by the exquisiteness of the suite.
The caterer followed Tyler in placing a plate of salad on each placemat.
“Here is your first course, a mixed green salad topped with mango vinaigrette.  I’ll be back shortly to deliver your main course.  Can I get you anything else to drink, Mr. Conklin?”  the caterer asked.  She was a very studious looking, blond with glasses and her hair tied back.  
“No, we are fine with the champagne and water, thank you,” he said very charmingly.  She gave him a wink and turned to leave the room.  I pang of jealousy spread throughout my body.  I shook my head, telling myself it was nothing.
“I ordered filets for the main course.  I hope you are okay with that?”  he tentatively asked, picking up his fork to toss around his salad.
“Yes, that’s great,” I said giving him a polite smile.
We both started to eat the salads.  I was trying not to feel embarrassed about eating in front of him.  It would help if he wasn’t watching me so intently.  
“Do you come to games often?” I asked, trying to divert his attention from watching me pick at my salad.
“Sometimes.  Mitch normally comes to them.  He gets really drunk and annoying, so I don’t stay very long.”
“He does seem to be the life of the party.”  Tyler grimaced at my accusation. 
“So… what did you and RJ talk about?” he bravely asked, trying not to sound interested.  I was half shocked he brought the subject up, considering I was ready to throw the towel in on our relationship, or whatever we were, because of his reaction to our meeting.
“He just asked me how I was liking work and how the Enterprise Yachts account was going.  He asked if I got along with you…” I stifled a smile.
He suddenly got nervous, “He did?  What did you tell him?”
I bit my lip and looked up at him.  “That you were a bit grumpy.  He agreed and said you can be a real grouch.”
He cocked his head to the side.  “I’m not grumpy, at least not around you,” a trace of a smile was beginning to show.
I raised an eyebrow at him, “You were very cranky this afternoon when I was going to meet with your dad.”
“That’s because my father is a pig,” his tone became harsh.
Thankfully, the caterer came back in with our filets.  She replaced our salad plates with our main course.  It looked delicious, a petite filet with green beans and roasted potatoes.  I would bypass the potatoes.  I hope that wouldn’t offend Tyler.  We both dug into our food and ate in silence.  I didn’t realize how hungry I was, probably because I had to eat God awful sushi for lunch with RJ.
“Well, you sure know how to pick a meal better than your dad.  He ordered sushi,” I said wiggling my nose.  
Tyler made the same expression.  “Don’t worry, I won’t ever put you through that, and neither will RJ.  I don’t want you to meet in private with him again.  I’ll go with you from now on,” he said sternly. 
My eyes widened.  He wasn’t allowed to play the protective boyfriend role if he wasn’t going to be my boyfriend.  “I don’t think that will be necessary,” I simply said with a straight face.  I didn’t want to be mad at him for his possessive reaction.
Tyler took a sip of his champagne, swirling it around in his mouth, as if he were trying to buy himself time before he said his next thought.  Putting the glass down, he looked straight into my eyes.  “He will try to seduce you Becca, that’s just how he is.  I’m surprised he didn’t already try to make a move on you.”
I rolled my eyes at him and stood, walking to the porch that looked over the arena holding my champagne glass.  I didn’t need to hear this.  Tyler quickly stood up to follow me.  I sat down in one of the 12 comfortable seats that overlooked the ice.  They were just about to announce the players.  The lights went dim and glow sticks and signs were covering the arena.  Tyler sat right next to me, his body turned toward me with his arm around the back of my chair, urging me to look at him.  I didn’t want to argue with him, and he was starting to push my buttons.
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to upset you.  I just know him, okay?  I don’t want you to get hurt.”  He was sincere, I could tell in his eyes.  I took another sip of my champagne and put the glass down on the floor.  Crossing my legs I sat back and started to watch the players come out of the locker room.  I felt Tyler relax a little beside me and face forward to watch the game.
“I meant what I said earlier, about you looking stunning,” he whispered in my ear.  I started to blush, afraid to look him in the eye.  I felt his lips graze my ear.  “Will you come home with me tonight?” His whisper sent shivers of excitement down my spine.  I wanted to more than ever, but my conscious on my other shoulder reminded me what my intentions were when moving back to Grand Rapids.
I sighed, leaning into his lips while relaxing my shoulders.  “Tyler, I said I wasn’t going to be involved with a man that way unless it was serious.”
“How are we not serious?  All I do is think about you all day, and I know you think about me too,” he coaxed in my ear.
I turned to face him, trying to hide the pain in my eyes.  “Tyler, you barely look at me in the office, and I have no idea what is going to come out of your mouth when anyone asks you about me.  I’m afraid of being turned into your toy.”
He shook his head rapidly back and forth at me, “Becca, you are no way a toy for me.  It upsets me you would even think that.  I know I haven’t given you much reason to why I don’t want people to know what you mean to me, but please just trust me, and besides… who said I wanted to have sex with you tonight?” His last bit was playful.
“What were you planning on doing then?” I gave him a sly look.  
Yeah, let’s see what you have to say about that.
His eyes became soft and caring instead of playful.  “I want to do something I have never done before.  Please, come home with me.  If you feel uncomfortable at all I’ll bring you home, or call a cab for you, whatever you want.  I just… I haven’t slept well since Sunday.”
I bit my lip, staring into his pleading eyes.  Was he really that innocent?  
Could I be that innocent?
What was he talking about doing something he had never done before?  He had so many secrets.  I hope one day he will fill me in on some of them.  If we were going to become anything he was going to have to let me into his mind.
I let out a breath of air, “Fine, but we are going to have to stop at my place so I can get some clothes for tomorrow.  I don’t want to be wearing the same thing two days in a row.”
He grinned, “Of course.”

The rest of the game we relaxed and talked about more normal things like music and movies, interests and hobbies.  I came to the conclusion he was a big sports buff, considering Rudy was his favorite movie.  We didn’t cuddle a whole lot.  He would let his fingertip wander to the top of my shoulder every now and then, but otherwise he kept his hands to himself.  It was a very weird feeling, I wasn’t sure if I liked it or not.  He didn’t even ask to hold my hand, which I finally started to find cute, in a weird way.  I was worried his reservation would wear off once we got back to his place.



Chapter 12



When there were two minutes left in the third period Tyler asked me if I wanted to take off.  I shrugged my shoulders and said sure.  The Griffins were winning by three, and I assumed they could hold the lead.  We took off to head to my place to get some of my clothes.  Tyler insisted he walk up with me.  He parked his car in the parking ramp next to Jamie’s Jeep.  
When I opened the door to our condo, my eyes grew wide in embarrassment with what I saw.  Jamie was in her bikini making out with Sean, who was in his swim suit.  His hand was underneath her bottoms gripping her ass.  As soon as he saw me he pulled away from her, clearly embarrassed.  
“Becca!  I thought you were going to be out late tonight!”  she yelled, adjusting her top.
“I am, I just had to get a few things, sorry for interrupting,” I mumbled, heading to my bedroom.  Tyler followed with his head down and hands in his pockets.  I think he was trying to hold in a laugh.  Jamie followed me into my room, practically cutting off Tyler.  He stopped at her stare, understanding she wanted to talk to me alone.  He retreated back to where Sean was standing awkwardly in the kitchen.
“Becca, I hope you don’t mind, but we were going to go in the hot tub,” she sounded worried.
“Jay Rae, you know I don’t care, you can use it whenever you want,” I told her, while going into my closet and pulling out some clothes for work tomorrow.  I decided on a black fitted long sleeve dress.
“That’s cute, you should take my red pumps and my new necklace to wear with that,” she said looking at the dress.  I nodded in thanks to her.
“So, staying over at Tyler’s huh… have you talked to him about being more serious?” she questioned as I riffled through my drawers for a matching underwear set. 
“Sort of, I don’t know.  We have a lot to talk about,” I said honestly, throwing a lacy light blue matching set in my bag along with the dress, even though I wasn’t worried about anything else happening, but just in case…
Jamie whistled in approval at my choice of undergarments.  “Well, get some, then maybe he will start talking.  He doesn’t seem like the hit it and quit it kind of guy, Becca.  Don’t worry about it.  And you should bring the hot pink set too, or are you wearing it?  Your boobs look awesome!”
I laughed at her expression.  I went into the bathroom to get my makeup bag and a few toiletries.  Jamie wandered back down the hall, probably to get the red pumps and necklace.  I was right.  By the time I had my things, I went back into the kitchen where they were all standing around the kitchen island.  Poor Tyler looked super uncomfortable with Jamie standing next to him in her tiny bikini.  I wanted to throw a towel at her. 
She handed me the shoes and the necklace and took Sean’s hand to lead him out to the hot tub. “Have a great night.  It was nice seeing you again Tyler,” she said with a knowing smile.  I rolled my eyes at her and looked at Tyler. 
“Just ignore her,” I said playfully hitting his shoulder with the shoes.  He grimaced and took my bag from me and we both headed for the door.
“So where do you live?”
“Union Square Condos.  They aren’t far from here, maybe five minutes depending on traffic.”


***

Tyler’s condo was on the top floor.  I fidgeted when we were in the elevator, feeling nervous and self-conscious.  I wonder what my hair looked like?  I didn’t even bother to check the mirror when I was grabbing my bathroom supplies.  I bet my curls were droopy and flat.  I glanced up at him.  He looked nervous too.  His fingers were constantly rubbing the handle on my bag while his eyes were fixed on the elevator door.  He tilted his head my way and gave me a wry smile.  The elevator dinged, and the doors opened.  We walked to his front door as he pulled his keys out of his pocket.  He opened the door and let me in, giving me a nervous smile.
It was a one bedroom condo.  I walked into a kitchen of all creams and light blues.  There was a breakfast bar that sat four, and beyond the kitchen was a living room where you had to walk down a few stairs.  The carpeting was pure white, and there was a fireplace on the side wall that had light brick going all the way up to the tall ceiling.  It had to have been 25 feet tall.  The walls were a very pale blue, and there was a black spiral staircase that went upstairs.  Tyler walked in, nervously watching me examine his place.  I crossed my arms and bit my lip.  It was very cozy.  I would have loved to have a place like this if I lived by myself.
Breaking the silence, Tyler asked me if I wanted a drink.  I shook my head.  I needed to keep a clear head around this man, if anything to protect myself from taking it too far.  My chances were already slim.  He had a hold on me like no other man ever had, and we have only barely kissed.
“Are you cold?  I’ll turn the fireplace on,” he said, rushing down the stairs to flip the switch to the immaculate brick gas fireplace.  I slowly walked down the steps toward him, trying not to look like I was about to jump out of my own skin.
He walked over to me.  “I promise I didn’t just bring you here to get you in my bed.  Well…” he shook his head to the side and grinned, “not for the reason you are thinking.”  I raised my eyebrow at him.  He said he wanted to try something, but what?  He took my bag and handed it to me.  “Why don’t you go change into comfy clothes, I’m assuming you brought some PJs?”
I nodded my head and grabbed the bag.  “The bathroom is over there.  I’m going to go change as well,” he said, pulling his tie off and un-tucking his shirt heading upstairs.  I couldn’t keep my eyes from traveling down his body and watching his hands.  I bit my lip then shook my head, trying to keep the fog known as Tyler Conklin from taking over. 
I went into the bathroom and set my bag on the counter.  What was I doing here?  How am I going to not sleep with him?  He was too desirable, and it had been a very long time since I had been in bed with someone intimately.  Well… being with someone while sober.  I put on my cozy pink shorts and my Tiger’s T-shirt.  I smiled as I pulled my hair from the shirt.  He was going to give me a hard time about it.  I found it amusing.  Maybe he would come down with a Cubs T-shirt on.  The thought made me smile.  I pictured him wearing it the other day and how his muscles showed through.  I shook my head again.
Stop thinking about that!
I looked at my face in the mirror.  My makeup was worn down, but I didn’t really care.  I liked it when it was faded, it wasn’t as intense.  And for some reason tonight felt like he wanted to get to know me, so maybe I shouldn’t hide behind my mascara.  Taking another deep breath, I walked out the door into the main room.  Tyler was standing in front of the fireplace wearing gym shorts and a plain white T-shirt.  I walked up next to him and stared at the fire.  The burning embers made me feel relaxed. He looked over at me, grabbing my hand and bringing it to his lips.
“Thank you for coming tonight,” he murmured into my knuckles.  The warmth of his breath gave me tingles.
“You said you wanted to try something?” I asked in an unsure voice.
His face became serious, almost scared.  He pulled me over to his couch.  It was a big sectional covered in creams and tans.  It was very wide, so wide the two of us could lie down next to each other.  We both sat down on the edge.  Still holding my hand, he leaned toward me to face me.
“Where can I touch you?” his voice unsure.
I gave him a blank look.  “What do you mean?”
He sighed, “Let’s just say, my last relationship, I wasn’t allowed to wander.”
I was still confused.  He noticed.
“She would only let me touch her in very certain places, and if I strayed, I would get slapped, and not in a playful way.”  He was serious.  What kind of relationship did he have?  
“I thought you didn’t have relationships?”
His mouth went crooked.  “It was the closest to a relationship I have had.  But I don’t want to get into it.”
His voice deepened as he asked me again, “Where can I touch you?”
I stared at him, “I don’t know, no one has ever asked me that before.”
He rolled his eyes, “Okay, how about, where can I not touch you?”
I bit my lip.  Stop letting your mind wander, Becca!
“How about… you pretend I’m wearing a bikini, and you can only go where I wouldn’t be covered.”  That seemed fair enough and safe enough to.
He nodded his head and stood up.  “Want to watch a movie?  I have a hankering for popcorn.”
What?  That came from left field.  I giggled in my head at my own private comment.  It was the perfect comment for my baseball player.  Not that he was mine.  My Ty… that sounded nice.
“Um, yeah sure.  Let me help you.”  I followed him into the kitchen.
“There is some bottled water and Gatorade in the fridge if you’re thirsty.  I just got the new Batman movie; I thought we could watch that?” he asked as he put a bag of popcorn in the microwave.  I reached into the fridge to grab water.
“I’m not going to lie to you, I saw the second one and it scared the shit out of me,”  I said leaning against the counter.  He smiled as he grabbed a Gatorade from the fridge.  
“We don’t have to watch it.  I think I have the Disney channel,” he teased.
“Ha-ha, I’ll probably fall asleep anyway,” I teased back.
“Oh, no.  I’m going to make you watch.”  The glimmer in his eyes made me smile even more.
The popcorn was done popping and he threw it into a large bowl.  “I have this butter stuff, do you want any on it?” he asked holding up the butter substitute.
I shook my head.  “It doesn’t matter.”  I wasn’t planning on eating any.  It was after 10:00pm.  He looked at me as though he was going to say something, but then went to sit on the couch.  He plopped back into the massive cushions and crossed his feet out onto the ottoman.  The bowl of popcorn was on his lap and his other arm was spread across the top cushion next to him.  He reached for one of the five remotes on the end table next to him.
I tentatively sat down next to him, crossing my legs Indian style on the big, plush sectional.  I really wanted to snuggle up next to him, but I didn’t have the liquid courage flowing through me.  He knew the boundaries, so I shouldn’t worry about his hands wandering, although part of me was disappointed in the realization of where things wouldn’t be led to.
He turned on the TV and then grabbed another remote. 
“Sure you want to watch this?  I can see you’re already at the edge of your seat.  You can come and sit closer to me if you want,” he flirted.
I looked back at his smug expression and rolled my eyes.  In one quick movement he wrapped his hand around my waist and pulled me back to him.  I squealed at his sudden movement.  Once I was firmly placed next to him, I resituated so I was cozily up against his side with my head on his shoulder.  I was so comfy, I could fall asleep.  Surprisingly he didn’t flinch.
I bravely stretched my arm across his stomach just above where he had the popcorn bowl.  His stomach muscles tensed, and I started to retreat my arm back to my side.  He quickly grabbed my wrist and set it back to where it was.  Moving the popcorn bucket to the end table he whispered into my hair, “It's fine, you can keep it there.”  I flexed my hand over his stomach.  It was nice and taut.  I was curious to feel his skin, maybe I’d work up the courage to reach under his shirt. 
Tyler started the movie and rested his other arm on the back of the couch.  I was trying to focus on the movie, but the gentle rise and fall of his chest was more fascinating to me.  It was almost like a lullaby.  I traced circles along his stomach and his chest rose a little faster.  It made me smile.  Simple touches had an effect on him, I wonder why?  It wasn’t anything out of the ordinary.  Maybe since the woman he was with before didn’t like to be touched meant she never touched him either?  I would have to dig into this a lot deeper.
“Can we resituate?” he asked, looking down at me.
I quickly stood up, worried I had gone too far.  “Of course,” I said a little too quickly.  He laid down the long way on the couch.  I raised my eyebrow at him, “Do you want me to sit on the floor?”
He shook his head and patted the small area between the back of the cushions and him.  I gulped and crawled over him into the small space, resting my head back on his shoulder.  This was more comfortable, almost too comfortable.  He pulled my hand up so it was on top of his chest.  I could feel his pecks.  It took everything in me not to trace them with my fingers.  Once I was nestled into my spot next to him, he cautiously wrapped his other arm around my side and was stroking his fingers up and down from my hip to my shoulder.  He let out a sigh of contentment and turned his head back toward the TV.
There was no way I would be able to focus on the movie.  His body laying this close to me was too much of a distraction.  I moved my hands up and down his chest, from his pecks to his abdomen.  
“That feels so nice,” he sighed, tilting his head next to mine.  My nose was against his neck.  I wanted to run my tongue along it.  My demands for nothing happening between us tonight were slowly drifting away, and I knew I was going to make things a lot more difficult with what I was about to do.  I gently brushed my lips on his neck.  He stiffened, but relaxed quickly.  With my lips still on his neck, I started to gently suck and trail little kisses in a small circle.  The pace of his breathing became quicker as he gripped my hip bone.  Once I moved my mouth to his jaw he gasped and pulled me swiftly on top of him.  The sudden movement threw me off.  I was practically straddling him, one leg between his while the other was pinned between the side of the couch and his body.  He started to kiss me frantically, one hand pressing on my lower back and the other on the nape of my neck.  I let out a groan as he sucked on my bottom lip.  My hands were pinned to his chest, feeling his erratic breathing.  I wanted his shirt off so bad; I had to feel his skin.  I attempted to move my hand down to lift his shirt up.  He must have read my mind.  Not taking his lips from mine, he sat up on his elbow and started tugging at his shirt, throwing it over his head.  I rotated so I was on top of him more so he could take the shirt out of his other arm.  Once his shirt was completely off, I tried to nestle back on the side of him so I could feel his skin with my hands.  He was so well defined and smooth.  I moved my hand lower and let my fingertips wander just under the elastic on his shorts.  His breathing hitched as he kissed me harder, his hands in my hair holding my face in place.  I wanted him to take my shirt off desperately.  His kisses became less demanding and more sweet and sensual.  Grabbing my hand that was playing with the elastic on his shorts, he brought it up to his face and started to gently kiss my fingertips.  I was trying to control my breathing.  Why was he stopping?  
I searched his eyes, trying to figure out what he was thinking.
“Do you want to go upstairs?” he whispered through my fingertips.  I traced my tongue along my bottom lip and bit down on it.  Did I want to go to his bedroom?  There would be no way I would be able to stop if I did.  
Of course you do!  You have been dreaming about this since you laid your greedy eyes on him!
I nodded my head yes, not taking my eyes from his.  I slid from his side and stood next to the couch, waiting for him to lead the way.  My eyes watched his stomach as he stood up.  Wow.  His stomach was just as nice to look at as it was to touch.
A cocky smile crossed his lips as he noticed my eyes following the lines along his stomach.  
“Come on, let me show you to my room,” he flirted, taking my hand and leading me up the spiral staircase.
Once at the top of the staircase, there was a small loft with a few drawing tables and plans spread out all over, and the ceiling had narrow windows.  The entry way to his bedroom was very large, for a minute I thought there wasn’t even a door, but then I noticed it had a sliding wall that could be closed if need be.  The back wall of his room was layered in light bricks, the same kind as the fireplace, and the rest of the walls were painted a dull blue.  His bed was massive with all kinds of creams and covered in throw pillows.  The furniture was dark brown and very contemporary.
“Do you trust me?”  Tyler asked, stopping and standing in front of me.  He kissed my lips once, his eyes smoldering into mine.
“Yes,” my voice squeaked.
“Will you take your shirt and shorts off?”  He sounded so nervous, but quickly became amused.  “I want to explore your body as you were exploring mine.”
I gulped, not able to take my eyes from him.  His hands were at the bottom of my shirt, his eyes asking for permission.  I nodded, giving him the go ahead to take it off.  I took a step closer to him as he pulled it over my head.  The lighting was dim, but I didn’t want him to get a glimpse of my stretch marks.  There were only a few, but I was still embarrassed by them.  
His hands started to trail across my back.  His fingertips were surprisingly smooth.  The gentleness of his caressing gave me goose bumps.  He took a deep breath in, and then let his hands go to my shorts, careful not to cop a feel while letting them fall to my ankles.  I was so glad I wore my matching hot pink lace undies and bra.  
He pulled back the comforter and took both of my hands, pulling me to the bed.  I laid down on the sheets, trying to cover my stomach with my hands.  He swiftly pulled off his shorts to reveal black Under Armour boxer briefs and crawled next to me.  The bedroom was dark, the only light came seeping from the downstairs kitchen above the sink causing a slight glow to his beautiful face.  I was okay with the minimal light.  He might be okay with me staring at his body, but I was certainly not comfortable enough to let his smoldering eyes take me in.
He gently kissed me and then rolled me so I was lying on my stomach.  I felt his hands run up my back, hover over my bra strap then up to my neck.  He pulled my hair to the side and ran his fingertips along my shoulders, moving carefully over my bra strap.  His touch was so intense and so intimate.  I could hear him trying to control his breath.  Nice big deep breaths that seemed to get deeper every time his hand got to the top of my panty line.  I could feel the energy as he moved over my behind down the lining of my underwear, not letting his hand make contact with the thin fabric that was separating our skin.  They were boy shorts, so my cheeks were hanging out.  I sucked in a breath when his hand came back down to my skin.  That little spot where my backside met my thigh was sensitive, causing more goose bumps to travel up my spine.
“Your skin is so smooth,” he breathed, placing feather light kisses on my upper back.  His hands kept traveling in the same spot, from my neck, stopping at the strap of my bra to lift his hand and then back down my spine, stopping at my panties, and picking back up again at the edge of my behind down the back of my thighs.  
I wanted his hands to swoop completely down my whole back, so once he started back upwards I shakily said, “You can unstrap it if you want to.”  
His fingers stopped.  I peeked open my eyes to look at him.  He looked like he was fighting something internally.  “I thought these were your touch boundaries?  I don’t want to make you feel uncomfortable.”  I leaned up on my elbows and placed a kiss on his lips.  It was meant to be gentle, but became deeper.  Tyler snaked his arm around my waist and pulled me on top of him.  His arms were wrapped around me tight as he invaded my mouth.  His thumbs were brushing against the strap, as though he were contemplating what to do.
“Please,” I begged against his lips.  Was I really begging him for this?  Yes, I was.  I wanted him desperately.
He fumbled with the clasp and it broke free.  He rubbed his hands up and down my back numerous times in a slow and sensual rhythm.  It felt amazing to have his strong hands stroking my bare skin.  I leaned up just enough to allow my bra to come off my arms and slide off, quickly pressing my chest back to his.  He let out a loud groan and squeezed me even tighter.  The friction between our undergarments was driving me mad, causing me to rock my hips into him.
Suddenly, Tyler sat up, keeping his lips to mine and holding my head firmly in place with his hands.  His kisses slowed and he began to speak, “Becca, this isn’t why I wanted you to come here tonight.  This isn’t what tonight was supposed to be about.”  His voice shuddered when he talked.
I quickly froze, pulling slightly away, wrapping my hands around my chest.  Did he not want me?  Oh my God, all of this was practically my idea.  Was I throwing myself at him?  I said I would never do that again!
He sensed my insecurity and pulled me back to him.  “I don’t want you to think this is all I want from you.  Having sex with you wasn’t my intention for the evening.  I just wanted to be close to you.  To touch you…”  His voice trailed as he placed a tender kiss on my lips.  He was totally honest.  He wanted to try something he had never tried, and it was to let his hands caress my skin.  It was very romantic, but was I being the one who was instigating this?
“So, you don’t want this?”  I croaked, feeling rejected.
His eyes grew wide with his grin, “Oh, baby doll, you know I want this.”
He was right.  I could feel he wanted me.  I could feel all of him.
I slowly moved my arms from my chest and brought my hands to his cheeks, massaging them with my thumbs.  He relaxed his face in my hands closing his eyes.  I moved my hands down to his chest, under his arms and across to his back.  He took a deep breath keeping his mouth slightly opened.  Touching was something he wasn’t used to, which must be why he’s so sensitive to it.  That was what he wanted to try tonight, us exploring each other’s bodies with our hands.  
“So this is what you’re not used to?” I gently asked, circling my fingertips on his defined shoulder blades.
He opened his eyes and gazed at me.  “One of them, yes.”  He pulled my hands from his back and brought them to his lips.  “You’d be amazed the effect these have on me,” he said, grazing his lips over my fingers.
His expression was so somber and soft.  It made my heart melt.  I was seriously falling for this secretive man.
“I want to make love to you tonight.  But only if you say yes.”  His eyes were intensely soft as he kept giving my hands soft kisses.  
How could I say no to him?  I trusted that he wasn’t going to use me; maybe we would be able to have a normal relationship?  Pushing any what ifs out of my head, I leaned in to kiss him.  He let go of my hands and rolled so he was on top of me.  I ran my hands up his chest, basking in the feeling of his dampening skin.  He moaned into my throat, his tongue tracing down to my collarbone.  He was unraveling with every sensual touch I gave him.  He moved down lower, leaving a trail of kisses between my breasts to my belly.  I started to squirm; his mouth was getting closer to that sweet spot I was very shy about.  His mouth finally reached the top of my panty line as I gasped from the warmth of his mouth.  I quickly became embarrassed and pulled him up to my mouth, kissing him rapidly.  I dug my nails down his back and slipped my hands under his boxer briefs.  He growled into my mouth, yanking them from his body.  There was only one very small piece of clothing left between us.   He lay on his side next to me, bringing his hand down to remove the last garment of clothing.  He never took his eyes off of mine as I arched my back to help him remove it.  Throwing the pink lace to the side of the bed, he leaned over and reached into the drawer of his night stand.  I knew what he was getting, a good thing considering I hadn’t been on the pill since my irresponsibleness took place in Florida.
He was playing with the wrapper in his hand as he hovered over me. 
“Are you sure you want this?” he murmured into my lips.  
 “Yes,” my voice was raspy with anticipation.  I never wanted anything so badly.  This man could unravel me, and at that point, I knew I would do anything for him.   
He opened the packet and his hand disappeared briefly and then came back up to my face.  He looked into my eyes pressing his forehead against mine.  
“Becca, please touch me,” his eyes were pleading.  I wrapped my hands around his back and down to his backside, urging him into me.  He gasped as we were finally in that place we had both desperately wanted.  His lips were all over me, my neck, collarbone, jaw.  His hands held my head as he kept his pace deliciously slow.
Remembering his plea, I ran my hands through his hair and down his back, savoring every touch.  His body was trembling and the feeling of goose bumps on his skin made me wild and needy.  He moved his hands from my face and laid them flat on the mattress, tilting himself up so he could get a better angle.  I pulled him into me harder, basking in the new feeling of the different incline, my breathing becoming difficult to control.  I screwed my eyes shut and let out a loud moan when he moved one of his hands to my thigh, pulling it upward, driving into me deeper.   A low groan escaped his throat as his pace picked up, knowing he was close to unraveling me.  He tilted his hips to hit my sweet spot as he buried his head into my neck.  The ache in my belly was rising as I met his every thrust with my hips, digging my nails into his back.   I couldn’t take the build any longer; I was so close to that final wave of ecstasy.   
All of the caressing and touching led to this, this one feeling my body had begged for ever since that first kiss on the beach.  I didn’t care anymore if he wanted to keep our relationship a secret.  Being so close to him was worth it.    
His breathing became more ragged as he met my hips.  “Becca… I’m so close… I want to feel you… please… let go…”
His moaning plea was all I needed to unravel.  He groaned and landed one last thrust into me.  I could feel him pumping inside of me, causing my orgasm to ripple on.  He relaxed his body on top of mine as I felt his warm breath graze my chest.  I kept my hands on his back, wanting him to still feel connected, knowing my touch was what he was craving.
Tyler rolled to his side pulling me with him.  He brushed my cheek and gave me a lopsided smile.  I looked down to his chest trying to hide my blush.  
“Why are you blushing?” he asked trying to hide his amusement.  His grin was huge, causing me to blush even more.  I buried my face into his chest, hugging him tighter.  He squeezed me tighter as well, letting out a chuckle and kissing my hair.
“Well I am naked lying next to my boss’ boss.”
I could sense his grin.  “That is one way to move up in a company.”
I pulled my hand off his back to slap his chest.  
He pulled me even closer to him so my hand was pressed between his chest and mine.  Sighing in exhaustion, I drifted to sleep in his arms.



Chapter 13



I awoke to an empty bed and a bright sunbeam cascading through the window.  I heard the faint sound of water coming from the bathroom.  Tyler must be in the shower.  The thought brought a smile to my face.  We had spent a wonderful evening together, talking, cuddling, and making love… I sighed and hugged one of the throw pillows.  Was it possible to make love if you weren’t sure if you were even in love?  He was very special to me that was for sure.  I could only hope he felt the same.  He had to, considering he was apprehensive about sleeping with me, worried about me thinking he would take advantage of me.  
I stretched as I stood up, feeling sore.  It had been a while since I felt this type of sore.  It made me blush.  I decided to go downstairs and make us breakfast.  It was only 7:30am, and I would have time to make us breakfast and get ready within an hour.  I grabbed my T-shirt and shorts and threw them on, racing down the stairs to raid his kitchen. 
I found some eggs in the fridge and started to scramble them in a frying pan.  By the time I was about to put the eggs on two plates Tyler came walking down the spiral staircase knotting his tie.  He was dressed in all black and looked sleek and sexy with his chin down and his eyes focusing on the knot of his tie.
“Good morning,” he said as he reached the bottom of the stairs.
“Hi,” was all I could manage to say.  I bit my lip as I studied his physique.  His dazzling teeth flashed me a smile as he sat down at the breakfast bar.  
“You didn’t have to make breakfast,” he said in awe.
I shrugged my shoulders and put the plate of steaming eggs in front of him.  Taking my plate I sat beside him.  “It wasn’t too hard.”
“I was going to wake you when I got out of the shower.  I thought I would let you sleep for a little bit longer, since I kept you up late last night,” he said without skipping a beat.  I blushed at his reference, unable to look at his face.  “I hope you don’t mind, but I have a meeting at 8:00am, so I called a cab to have them come get you at 8:15am.  I didn’t want to make you come early with me.”
I shook my head at him.  “It’s fine.  Either way would have been fine.  I’m sure I could have found things around the office to do for a half hour.  I have to revise those blueprints for your father and pass them on to plumbing.”  Shit, I had to work on Ashlynn’s prints too. Come to think of it, I don’t even think she sent me her ideas.
He looked a bit contrite.  It made me nervous.  Hiding his uneasiness he quickly smiled at me.  “Maybe next time.”  I bit my lip trying to contain my glee.  He wanted to have a next time.  
He shoveled his eggs and brought his plate to the sink, and then walked back over to me.  He nudged his way in between my legs and cradled my head with his hands.  
“Can I see you again tonight?”  The words came off his lips in a hush.  His eyes were doughy with wonder.  I took a sharp breath in, his gaze was hypnotizing.  I nodded my head, unable to speak.  A sly smile came across his face.  “Until tonight,” he said kissing me tenderly.  I kept my eyes closed as he pulled away.  He walked to the door and pointed to a key rack.  “Here is my spare key; you can take it to lock up.”  Giving me one last mega-watt smile, he opened the door and left.
I hunched over the breakfast bar unable to wipe the ridiculous grin off my face.  While sitting in a daze I noticed the clock.  I only had 30 minutes.  Shoot!  I ran upstairs to get ready to go.


***

I shockingly got myself in order in the nick of time.   Just as I was walking out of Tyler’s building the cab pulled up.  I felt new and regenerated after last night with Tyler.  He wanted to be with me, he just didn’t know how.  It was something I was willing to work through for him.  
I looked in the mirror on the back of the cabs seat and checked out the sassy red lipstick Jamie hid in one of her heels.  A note was wrapped around it.
This will knock him to his knees.  Get it baby!  I don’t think I could ever live without her.  
I had a very exotic look to me with the red heels and necklace.  I almost felt like I should have been wearing leopard print instead of black. No, that would have been too much; I already didn’t look like myself.  I even went a little heavier on the eyeliner.  Nothing could touch me today.  My phone chirped just as I was finished checking my makeup.  I looked down at it and saw it was Ashlynn.  She wanted to bring her ideas to me and thought that would be easier.  Whatever.  Maybe Tyler would want to hang out again Friday, and Saturday…
Stop it Becca!
I shook my head.  I couldn’t let him control my life.  I had to keep them separate, and not be taken over by a man.  That’s where I went wrong with Connor.
I walked into the Conklin building and headed for the elevators.  I was distracted by someone calling my name.
“Becca!  Hey!  How’s it going?”  I squinted my eyes.  It was Mitch.  I was shocked he remembered my name.  I was more shocked he remembered what I looked like. 
“Hi, what are you doing here?” was all I could bring myself to say.  I felt a bit embarrassed considering I was very drunk when we had met.
“Ah I had to meet with my dad at 8:00am to get some revised prints for a job site.  Way too early if you ask me.  I normally don’t show up to the job site until 10:00am.”  He grinned lazily at me.  He was wearing dark khaki’s and a button up stripped shirt.  At least it was tucked in.  I could see why Tyler had said he wasn’t an in the office type of guy.  He was attractive though, just like all of the Conklin men.  I bet both Tyler and Nathan were meeting with his dad and that was why he was here.
“Did you meet with Nathan and Tyler, too?”  I asked, trying to make it sound like I just wanted to make conversation.
He shook his head, “No, Nathan is in Chicago.  I saw Tyler in the break room with Sawla a little after 8:00am.  I was running late and didn't have time to get coffee before meeting with my dad, so I got some from the break room.”  
“Oh.”  I thought he had a meeting at 8:00am?  That was why he wasn’t going to drive me.  Then it hit me.  He didn’t want anyone to see us coming to work together.  Now I know why he was being so contrite when talking about the cab.  Why wouldn’t he just tell me?  Maybe his meeting was with Sawla?  Ugh, that woman.  I pang of jealousy came across me.  
“Yeah, Dad and I were just talking about the Enterprise Yachts account.  Your name came up actually.”  His green eyes were shinning.  Where was this going?  “He thinks you are going to do well here.  What are you doing for lunch today?  Can I take you out?”  And there it was, that same Conklin mischievous grin.  It took everything in me to not roll my eyes at him.  
“Sorry I can’t today, maybe some other time,”  I said giving him a wry smile.
“Okay, well I’m going up to see Tyler.  I have to give him shit for not letting me use the suite last night at the Griffins.”
He took off to the elevator and flashed me a smile.  I was trying not to fume.  He definitely didn’t have a meeting.  I stormed to the elevators, following Mitch.  He smiled when I tried to catch the same elevator as him.
I said goodbye to Mitch as I got off on my floor and headed to my desk in a huff.  He didn’t need to lie to me.  He could have told me the truth.  I would have understood.  Yeah it was stupid, and it did make me feel like he didn’t want to be seen with me, because he didn’t, but I wouldn’t have let it bother me.
It does bother you.
I shook my head.  Why can’t he be normal?  Why can’t he be comfortable enough to be seen with me at work?  If we kept going out, people would eventually see us.  I’m surprised Mitch didn’t notice how close Tyler and I were on Saturday, but then again, he seemed very into himself and probably thought I was just being friendly.  
I sat down at my desk and threw my bag in the corner.  Trying not to think about Tyler and how I was going to react about the situation, I opened my email and started working on the few side projects I had while I waited for Will to come in.
The day dragged on, and finally it was lunch time.  I decided to pay Tyler a visit.  My anger had subsided a little, so I thought I would be able to talk to him rationally about this morning.
I stood in front of the door to Tyler’s office.  I was afraid to knock.  What if I was wrong and he did have a meeting, and I just wasn’t putting the pieces together correctly?  I needed to stop doubting myself.  If Mitch saw him in the break room just after 8:00am and went up to see him at 8:30am, there was no way he had a meeting at 8:00.  I took a deep breath and knocked on the door.
“He’s on a conference call right now; he should be done in about 10 minutes if you want to wait.”  It was Cooper.  He was just coming back from somewhere to sit at his desk outside of Tyler’s office.   My jaw dropped.  What was I going to say? 
“Oh, it’s not important, I can just come back later,” I said feeling silly.
He smiled down at his screen.  Not taking his dark brown eyes from his screen he said, “Becca, I’m sure he would love it if you waited.  He has had a rough morning.”  
I was thrown back.  Why would Cooper say that?  Did he know about us?
“I don’t think my stopping in would turn his day around,” I said impassively.  I was starting to sound like Tyler.  If he didn’t want people to know about us, I was going to have to play along too.
Cooper’s lips slowly quirked up, “I think you should stay.”  His smile was dazzling against his dark skin.  When he removed his dark brown eyes from his screen, I realized he was very attractive.  Jamie would totally dig him.
Confused, I took a seat on the couch just outside of his office and waited.  I was trying not to be mad at him.  I just needed him to explain, and I needed him to be honest with me.
“Cooper, what the hell, I thought I told you I was on a conference call?” His voice was low and stern.  He must have been talking about my knock at the door. I had the urge to hide under the cushions.
Cooper looked at Tyler, then to me, as though he wanted Tyler to follow his eyes.  Tyler furrowed his brows at Cooper then followed his eyes to me.  He quickly straightened and seemed a bit shell shocked.
“Hey Becca.  Did you need something?”  he said very professional and business like.  I was intimidated by him.  He was standing so tall and looked so alpha male.  I wanted to run back downstairs to my office.
I slowly stood up, “Do you have a minute?  Otherwise I can come back another time?”  I was losing my confidence.
His eyes scanned my body as I stood up.  Clenching his jaw he said, “I have a minute, come in.”
I slowly walked by him through his office door.  I could smell his cologne on him as I went by.  It made me think of memories from last night.  I shook my head trying to remember what I was going to talk to him about.  Oh that’s right, I’m mad at him.
He closed the door before I could sit down.  I felt his arms come around my waist and his lips in my hair.  “Baby doll, what are you doing here?”  His voice was sultry.
I relaxed back into him.  It felt so nice to have him hug me.
His lips went from my hair to my neck, gently teasing me.  I flipped around in his arms so we were facing each other.  His eyes were alight with humor.
“You look very exotic today,” he smirked, bringing his head down to kiss me.  I closed my eyes in anticipation, but before he could put his lips on mine, I tried to start talking about what I had originally come to confront him about.  “I saw Mitch this morning…”  His lips brushed mine as his hands trailed down my back.
“Mmhmm… so did I,” he whispered against my lips.  Oh he tasted so good.
“He said he saw you just after 8:00am in the break room with Sawla.”
His lips stopped moving on mine.  Attempting to come out of his trance, I opened my eyes, keeping my mouth slightly opened.  Did I really want to stop this special lunch meeting with him?
He was staring intently at me.  “Yes, I was getting coffee.”
“Before your meeting?”  The words came out faster than I intended them to and were a bit accusing. 
He tilted his head and loosened his grip on me.  I closed my eyes.  His expression answered my question.  “You didn’t really have a meeting, did you?” I whispered.
He dropped his hands from my waist and sighed.  My eyes sprung open.  He was no longer looking at me.  “Why did you lie to me?”  My voice was low and harsh.
“I… I don’t know.  I didn’t want to hurt your feelings…” he stuttered.  It was true.  He didn’t want anyone to see me coming into the building with him.  My heart sank.  
“Tyler, I don’t know if I can do this then,” I croaked.  Now I couldn’t look at him.  “I told you before I can’t be with someone who is ashamed of me.  I know you say you’re not, but not being able to bring me to work in your car and walk in the building with me makes me feel otherwise.”
“Becca, it’s not that simple,” he exasperated.
“I don’t see how it isn’t.  My whole life I let people walk all over me and use me, and I didn’t come back here to start over with a relationship with someone who I have to sneak into his office to receive any type affection,” I said, trying to hold back tears.
“I’m not doing that!” He took my wrists and brought his face down to my level.  “Please Becca, we can make this work.  Last night was the best night of my life,” he begged.
I tore my eyes from the floor to the ceiling trying hard to stay strong.
“I’m not going to be your secret girlfriend.  I’m not going to make this type of relationship work.”
He glanced over at his computer screen and rolled his eyes, “Dammit.  I have a meeting and you really need to go… please, please, can we talk more about this tonight?”  His eyes were almost glassy when I finally got the courage to look at him.  
“I don’t think there is anything to talk about,” I whispered nudging past him. 
I opened the door and kept my head down. He didn’t follow me; my heart felt like it was going to explode in my chest.  I suddenly felt ridiculous.  So ridiculous because I was all dressed up for him, and because I wanted him so badly that I was debating being his dirty little secret.  Just as I got to the elevator the door opened up.
“Becca, sweetheart, I thought you were at lunch?” said a familiar gentle voice.
I looked up and wanted to cry even more.  My loving father was stepping out of the door.  I wiped under my eyes and kept my eyes to the ground.  “Hi Daddy, what are you doing here?”  I said trying to gain my composure.
He gave me a big bear hug.  “I stopped by your department to say hi but the receptionist said you left for lunch 20 minutes ago.”  He pulled back giving me a look over.  “Are you all right?”
I put on a smile.  “Of course, I just had to run some prints up here.” I lied.
He looked me in the eyes, he knew something was wrong, but understood now was not the time to drill me.  Tyler suddenly came up to both of us carrying blueprints. 
“Mr. Stine, so nice to see you.”  He smiled reaching out to shake my father’s hand.  He must have been the meeting he had and the reason I needed to go.
My father gave him a tight smile and shook his hand.  I threw my eyes to the floor, afraid that if I saw Tyler I would completely lose it.  RJ came around the corner and greeted my dad as well, followed by Nathan.  Now I felt like an outsider, standing in the middle of the Conklin’s and my father.
“I’ll let you get to your meeting,” I mumbled.
“Becca, what a surprise to see you on this floor,” RJ commented.  I was afraid he was going to ask why.  
Tyler was by my side in a millisecond.  “She just brought me the original blueprints for the arena.”  He was so composed.  It was irritating how he could be his normal smooth self while I was on the verge of a breakdown.
“Yes, Will asked me to bring them up to him,” I added quickly. 
RJ looked from Tyler to me while Nathan was off to the side smirking to his feet.  He always seemed to have a hidden joke playing in his head.  I turned and put on a mega-watt smile for my father, trying to give him reassurance that I was okay.  
“Well, then… thank you Becca.  Gentlemen?  Let’s meet in my conference room.”  RJ said clapping his hands and giving me a wink.  It was my dismissal.  Saying goodbye, I quickly headed into the elevator.  I needed to get as far away from Tyler Conklin as I could.
He was bringing things out of me I never knew were there.  I was bouncing between anger and hurt.  Why wouldn’t he just talk to me?  If he would give me a legit reason I would be able to handle his outrageous requirement of being hidden.  The thought that I would be okay with it made me angry.  I said I wasn’t going to be taken advantage of anymore.  
I guess the whole not ‘being walked all over’ wasn’t true anyway, since I was meeting with the biggest puppet master on Friday.  I needed to cut ties with Ashlynn, but I couldn’t face the look in her eyes when she would find out I purposely changed my phone number to avoid her.  She would always find me.  She was like the sister that would always be there, so why bother making it more awkward?  Not that it could be any more awkward for me.
I ended up skipping my lunch and continuing on work.  I had lost my appetite from all of Tyler’s drama.  Why couldn’t I have fallen for someone normal?  Or no one at all?  Since I had a short lunch, Will told me to take off early.  The Enterprise Yachts plans were finalized and ready for their next stage.  We had finished our portion.  
I darted out of the building and headed home to change my clothes and hide at the gym.  I spent two hours exerting myself, since I wouldn’t be exerting my energy on Tyler.  The thought depressed me.  We had such a connection last night.  How his hands and mouth moved across my body was burned into my mind.  I was going to need a cold shower on the hour if I couldn’t control my thoughts.
It was 8:00pm by the time I got home.  When I opened the door to the condo, Jamie was playing a game on my iPad on the couch.
“Hey chica.  Your phone has been going crazy,” she said, shaking the iPad.
“I’m sure it has,” I snorted.  “Sorry I didn’t put it on silent.”
She put the iPad down in frustration.  “Gosh I hate that damn game.  How was Tyler’s last night?”
I shrugged my shoulders.  “Amazing.”  It was true; I hadn’t had a night like that, ever.
“But?”  She sensed something was wrong, she always did. I could never hide from Jamie.
“But… he lied to me this morning.  He told me he had a meeting so we couldn’t ride together to work this morning when he really just didn’t want to be seen going into the office with me.”
“That’s lame.  Why wouldn’t he just tell you?  Not that it would be okay, he should really get over it if he wants to be with you,” she said with a sigh, picking at her nails.
“Yeah, I think it’s over.  I told him I was done with people being in my life who treat me like I’m not good enough.”
She gave me an affectionate smile.  “Maybe moving here was a good move for you.  That was very confident and self-assuring coming to that conclusion about him.”
I sat down next to her and put my head on her shoulder.  “It would be a lot easier if the sex was horrible,” I joked.  
She broke out into a hackle, “Yes, that would make things a lot easier!”
My phone started to ring in my bedroom again.  I was surprised to hear how loud it was.  I was going to have to remember how the sound carries in this house.  “I’m going to go silence my phone, take a shower, then come back out here and hear all about your evening with Sean.”


***

I didn’t sleep a wink last night.  Although I silenced my phone, it was constantly ringing in my head.  I hadn’t looked at my phone until now. Fifty-six missed calls.  Wow, it kind of made me smile.  He really did want to talk to me, but no.  I couldn’t be used by him.  Putting my phone down I headed into my closet to try and find something decent to wear.  I heard a knock on my door as I was pulling out a black shirt.
“Morning!”  It was Jamie, shockingly peppy for how early it was.  She was dressed and ready to go into work.  I frowned at her.
“Why are you up and moving so early?”
She joined me in my closet and started to palm through the hangers.  “Because, you need help finding what to wear to make Connor and Ashlynn’s jaw drop, and hopefully Tyler’s too.  Ah, this!  This is sexy as hell!” she said pulling out a very low cut and tight purple dress.  
I howled at her.  “Are you kidding?  I’m going to work not to the streets!”  She giggled and put the dress back.
“Fine, I’ll pick something tame and respectable.  When was the last time you saw Connor anyway?”
I shrugged my shoulders.  It had been a very long time.  “I don’t know, graduation?”  Truth was I didn’t really care about seeing Connor.  I was more worried about seeing Tyler.
“Ah… this!  His jaw is going to fall off when he sees you in this.  He hasn’t seen your new bodacious bod yet,” she flirted.
I rolled my eyes at her, but she was right.  She was holding a dress that was very low cut.  I was going to have to wear a camisole underneath it.   It was cream and sleeveless and had a wraparound effect to it.  It would be very snug to my skin.  It made me nervous to look at it.  
“You could wear my brown stilettos, and I have a fun necklace you could wear with it too.  Oh Becca!  You would look so hot!  Why don’t you wear this more often?”  I bit my lip and felt the fabric with my hand.  It was very risqué for me.
“I guess I could try it on.  Can you hand me that camisole?”  I said pulling the dress off the hanger.
“No way, you need to go without one.  Here, this bra is somehow sexy and white, and it looks like a push-up… when did you get this?”  She examined it for a second then threw it to me.
I hastily took it and put it on along with the dress.  It was very low, and I was paranoid my boobs were going to pop out.  “Jamie!  I can’t wear this to work!”  She rolled her eyes at me.  
“I wore something worse than this yesterday.  And it’s not even that bad, you will have to wear the blazer over it most of the day anyway.  It’s freaking freezing in this state.”
I giggled.  I forgot she was used to Florida weather, not having to be fearful of snow every day of the week.  I sighed.  She was right; I could keep the top on most of the day, all of the day for that matter.  I wasn’t out to ruin things for Ashlynn and Connor.  I didn’t need to instigate.  I wanted them to be happy, happy enough to finally leave me alone.  Maybe I would take it off if I had a meeting and Tyler made an appearance… I could show him what he was missing.
“Alright, I’ll give it a go.  Want to take me to work?  I don’t think I could make it walking in your stilettos.”
She laughed at me and nodded her head as we both walked out of my closet.

The whole day I was paranoid someone would notice I didn’t look like myself.  Jamie had spent a lot of time on my eyes.  They were sparkling and very noticeable, but not to the extreme.  She did wonders with a palate of eye shadow.  I refused any bright lipstick.  It would just be too much, so I settled for some gloss.   
It was about time for the day to be done.  Ashlynn had sent me a text saying she and Connor would be here around 6:30pm.  That meant I would have to find something to do to entertain myself for an hour.  My projects were all at stopping points until Monday considering they needed to be revised by Will or Corey.  I decided to pull out my plan.  I left it here that Friday night Tyler and I went out.  I tried to swallow the lump in my throat.  I wanted him so badly.  I wanted to forgive him, tell him I would talk about it and say that we could be a secret, but I couldn’t bring myself to do it.  I needed to wait it out, because he would lose interest and then I would see he really didn’t care about me as I thought he did.  
Rolling out my plans, I went over what I had kept from before and what I had changed.  It was hard; it still felt like the house I had planned with Connor.  I didn’t change that much, just moved rooms around and added more closets.  I kept the spot for the Christmas tree.  I giggled to myself when I was looking at the old print and noticed the “dog room.”  I hated dogs but Connor loved them, so I agreed to have one, just as he agreed to let me have as many babies as I wanted.  Tears started to threaten as I brushed my fingertips over the room titled ‘nursery.’   It had a reading nook with a spot for built in shelves and a big bay window with a bench to sit on underneath it.  This would have been my life.  Who knows if I’ll ever find someone to settle down with and have a family.  Part of me was hoping maybe it would be Tyler, but considering he hadn’t called since the 56 times I checked this morning, or how he hadn’t done some sort of romantic gesture like leaving a rose, I was assuming he was losing interest.  I would be nothing more than a few dates and an easy lay to him.  
After trying to swallow my self-pity, I decided to go to the bathroom and do a once over and meet Ashlynn and Connor on the main floor in the lobby.  My hair still looked good.  Jamie had curled it; she could always do it better than me.  It fell nicely past my shoulders and down my chest.  I freshened up my mascara and lips and decided to take off the brown cover up; it was extra warm in the building today.  My boobs did look good, but it was modest enough.  I was overreacting this morning.
I sat down in one of the big comfy brown chairs in the building lobby.  Crossing my legs, I waited patiently.  It was 6:30pm; they would have to be here any minute.  When I turned my head to the door, there he was, neat blond hair, a bit longer than I remembered.  He had a 5 o’clock shadow and his eyes were dazzling blue as ever.  I felt a butterfly escape my stomach.  It had been a very long time since I had seen Connor.  He looked marvelous and grown up.  I stood up to greet him.
He did a double take to me as I walked up to him.  Jamie was right, he hadn’t seen me 30 pounds lighter, and I had grown up more too.
“Becca, wow.  It’s been so long,” he said almost stunned.  His grin was infectious.  I tried not to blush as I followed his eyes that were taking in my new body.  I didn’t think I had changed that much, but you would never know by how long it took him to realize it was really me.  He awkwardly reached out to give me a hug.  He still smelled the same, the expensive Ralph Lauren suit with the matching cologne.   I bit my lip, feeling as though emotion was going to get the best of me, but it didn’t.  I was happy he looked good.
“How are things?  Where is Ashlynn?”  I asked, pulling back from him.  
“She should be here any minute.  I had to stay late at her father’s office for my internship and she was running late as well so we thought it would be quickest to meet you here.  But, I’m doing well, and you, you look… amazing.”  He had wonder in his eyes, like he wanted to further examine me.  I started to feel uncomfortable under his gaze.  Just as I was about to say something, Ashlynn came darting in and squealed, throwing herself into Connors arms.  He hugged her tight but then seemed uncomfortable and let his hands drop to his sides and gave her a chaste kiss on the cheek.  She looked disappointed in his greeting but kept her hands on his chest.
“Becca I’m so glad we are meeting up to do this.  I can’t wait to show you what I have come up with!”  I gave her a half smile and led the way to the elevator and up to my office.
Here we go.  Put on your game face Becca.



Chapter 14



I led them to my office space.  The floor was deserted.  I was happy no one else was here; I didn’t feel like seeing every eye glued to Ashlynn’s tight white pants.   I hated that Connor complimented her so well.  It made me wonder how frumpy I must have looked when I stood next to him.
I gestured for them to take a seat.  I had cleared off my desk so we would have room to work and brought over some extra chairs.  Ashlynn gracefully sat down, never taking her hands off Connor.  She didn’t need to claim him in front of me, she already had him.  Leaving one hand on his arm, she reached into her purse and pulled out a few crumpled up pieces of paper.  She never was organized.  I’m sure she drove Connor crazy with how messy she was.  He would get annoyed if I left the toothpaste on the counter.  She threw the scribbles in front of me and I tried to hide my apprehension.  I took her crumpled papers and attempted to smooth them over.  Taking a breath, I grabbed my pen and notebook and looked at her drawings or what I could make of them.
She had a ranch drawn out, or that was what I thought it was, and various boxes throughout the house.  Connor looked down at the plans and scrunched his nose.  Clearly he had no part in whatever she was imagining by how confused he looked.  
“Sorry if they’re hard to read, but as you can see this is the kitchen,” she pointed and giggled.  I bit my lip trying to contain my confusion.  No one could have figured out that was a kitchen.  She pointed out various places while I took notes and started my own small draft.  With each section my eyes started to widen along with Connor’s.  To my horror, this house was looking very familiar.
“Well, we need a dog room; you know how much I love dogs!” She squeezed Connors arm and looked at him with stars in her eyes.  He gave her a loving smile.
Ashlynn hated dogs.
“Right, so you will want a dog door I assume going to the porch.”
She nodded enthusiastically. 
We moved on from the dog room to details about the kitchen then into the rooms. “Well, we want to have a lot of kids, and I thought we should make a reading nook in one of the rooms, kids like those sort of things,” she said throwing her hands toward the paper.  
I gulped.  Ashylnn always talked about how she could never be pregnant, how it would ruin her body forever.   She could never put up with a kid who had a runny nose or the stomach flu.  
 “I also want a big area here for the Christmas tree, so the ceiling has to be really tall, I think you had a plan like that once didn’t you Becca?”  She smiled too sweetly while caressing Connor’s arm.  
She was stealing our house.
Connor looked like he might be sick.  I was on the verge of having a break down.  My throat felt like it was going to close in.  
Why did she always have to take everything from me?
Then I felt a gentle hand on my shoulder.
“Hey, sweetie.  I have been looking all over for you.” Tyler’s voice was like velvet as he flashed his sparkling white teeth down at me.  I sat in shock.  Sweetie?
I didn’t know what to say; I was speechless.  He leaned down and gave me a swift kiss on the cheek.  Normally I would have blushed, but I was too stunned to know what was going on.
Ashlynn looked just as stunned as I did, while Connor looked suspicious.  “Becca, aren’t you going to introduce us to your… friend?”  She said with a bubbly tone, starting to play with her hair.
“Um…” was all I could get to come from my lips.
“Hi, I’m Tyler Conklin, Becca’s boyfriend,” he said without batting an eye, reaching his hand across the desk to shake their hands.  Connor gave him a firm shake and Ashlynn tilted her head and let her hand linger in his.  Tyler put his hand on the back of my chair.
“Sorry to interrupt, I thought you might be done by now.  I can wait in the lobby for you.”  His eyes danced with humor.  I pursed my lips.  What game was he playing?
Ashlynn quickly piped up.  “Becca, we were going to go to Cygnus for dinner.  Why don’t you join us?  I think you have enough information on what we want for the house.” She was staring at Tyler, clearly asking him and not me. 
Tyler smiled down at me while I glared at him, “I think that is a great idea, don’t you baby?”
I blew out air.  “That sounds wonderful.” Not.
I stood up to put on my jacket, buttoning it from the bottom.  With irritation, I looked up as I was buttoning my jacket and saw Tyler’s eyes glued to my chest.  I frowned and cocked my head.  His eyes eventually traveled up to lock with mine.
“I love your dress,” he murmured with a wicked grin.  I glared at him.  He laughed at my expression.
Once Ashlynn and Connor had their coats on and things together we all traveled to the elevator.  I was dreading this evening, and I couldn’t wait to get alone in the car with Tyler and ream him.  Although, Tyler probably would ask them if I could ride in their car so we wouldn’t be seen together.
“Did you have a good day?” Tyler’s voice purred in my ear as the elevator descended.  I saw Connor watching from the corner of his eye.
“Mmhmm,” I said nonchalantly while pretending to straighten my coat.  I felt his grin close to my neck.  
Ashlynn saw Tyler’s affection toward me and snuggled up to Connor.  Connor was still watching us skeptically.  I felt so awkward.  Once the elevator got to the lobby Ashlynn pulled Connor out and yelled back, “We will see you there.  Becca would you mind calling?  I’m sure you will be able to get a table for four better than if I called.”  She held on to Connor as though she needed him to breathe as they left.  I rolled my eyes at the thought of calling the restaurant.  Why did my dad have to own everything?  
The second the door closed I turned into a dragon.
Pushing Tyler against the elevator wall I yelled, “What the hell, Tyler?”  He was thrown back by my audacity and tried to hide his amusement.  “Nothing about this is funny!” I shouted at him.
He quickly turned serious, taking a step closer to me.  “You are right.  You were letting that bitch walk all over you.  I thought you weren’t going to let people do that to you anymore.”
I gritted my teeth and seethed, “She was not walking all over me.  Although, I would assume you’d be able to spot when it’s happening since you are the king of it.”
He narrowed his eyes at me and gave me a deathly look.  I faltered a bit, surprised by the anger in his eyes.  
“I don’t walk all over you.  I just can’t parade you around my office.  I would hope you would understand that.”  He shook his head as though to calm himself down.  With a softer voice he said, “Look, I’m sorry I lied to you, but you have to understand from a professional perspective we can’t be public at work.”
I crossed my arms and looked down at his feet.  “I know.  I just feel like there is more you are not telling me.  I’ve told you what I’m afraid is going to happen.”
He cupped my face with his hands when the elevator door started to open.  “You are so much more to me than you think.  Please believe me.”  He pulled his hands down and took my hand to lead me to the car.  There were only two other cars in the parking lot.  I wondered whose they were.
I tried to believe what he was saying.  I wanted to be his more than anything, if putting up with him being cold and distant to me at work was the price; I decided I was willing to take it.
I squeezed his hand and stopped dead in my tracks.  I was so distracted by his erratic behavior that I completely bypassed the situation he had just gotten me into.  He jerked back from my tight grip.  
“Oh my God, what the hell did you just get me into!”  I gasped. 
He bit his lip trying to hold back his smile.  I started to breathe heavily, trying to grasp what I was about to have to do.  Ashlynn was going to be all over Connor and try her hardest to embarrass me because she clearly was infatuated with Tyler--it was obvious how she looked at him.
“Hey, it’ll be fine.  I’ll be there with you in full-on boyfriend mode,” He said with confidence. 
I frowned at him, “You do know people are going to see us at dinner, right?”
“We will be okay,” he said with a confident tone, like he was trying to reassure me.  I wasn’t the one who was worried about it.  I just didn’t want anything to backfire and be taken out on me.
“Come on girlfriend.  We have some flaunting to do.”  He emphasized the word girlfriend as he pulled me to his black Maserati and opened the door for me to get in.
Once he was in the car he pulled out his cell and started to make a call as he exited the parking ramp.  “Hi, yes this is Tyler Conklin.  I’ll need a table for four this evening.  Yes.  In about ten minutes.  Thank you for being accommodating.”  He hung up his phone and kept his eyes on the road.  Did he just call Cygnus?  
“Was that the restaurant?”  I asked questioningly.
“Yes, we did their remodel.  You will notice they are Cygnus 27 now.  I can get a table anytime I want.  Nathan likes to go there a lot,” he said nonchalantly. 
Well, that was one thing I wasn’t going to have to do.  I felt uneasy as I realized Tyler was in line at becoming just as big of a mogul for this town as my father was.  I didn’t like the spotlight I was already in and reinventing myself with another successful businessman in this city was not going to help me. 
But no one knows about you two.  
Oh, that’s right; I just agreed to be his dirty little secret.  
Tyler pulled up to the valet and quickly walked around to open my door.  He handed his keys to the young valet whose eyes grew big as he looked at the car.  Tyler wrapped his arm around me.  I did a quick look around, paranoid someone from our office was going to see his display.  Connor and Ashlynn weren’t there yet, so we decided to wait for them before taking the elevator to the top floor of the monstrous building where the restaurant was located.  
I couldn’t keep still while we waited and constantly picked at my jacket and shuffled in my heels.  My feet were killing me.  I hated wearing Jamie’s stilettos… They were so high.  Tyler noticed my uneasiness. 
“Hey, relax,” he said pulling my hands up to his chest.  “This is going to be fun.”  He kissed one of my knuckles and had a humored look in his eye.  My body eased into him as he stroked my knuckles with his lips. 
“You didn’t have to wait for us,” Connor said pulling me out of the trance Tyler had on me.  I immediately took a step back from Tyler as they walked up to us.  Connor seemed a little flustered and Ashlynn looked like she freshened herself up in the car.  Her hair was fluffed and her eyes were darker.  I felt a lump in my throat as she eyed Tyler.  
Tyler quickly pulled me to his side.  “It’s not a big deal, we just got here,” he said rubbing my shoulder affectionately.  He took my hand and led me into the elevator while Connor and Ashlynn followed.  The second we were off the elevator we were greeted and taken to our table.  
My parents always took us here when we were little kids.  I loved looking out at the city.  Since the restaurant was on the 27th floor, you could see the city skyline.  It was so cool at night, and since I had been gone for five years, it seemed as if the city had grown and more lights were shining bright. I tried to look unnoticeable, but I didn’t recognize any of the staff.  Hopefully the chef wouldn’t come out to personally bring us our food because he would know who I was.  Maybe I would get lucky and he wouldn’t recognize me either.
The waiter brought us all wine glasses and the wine menu.  I was so not into this classy dining.  I wonder if they would give me a weird look if I asked for a bottle of Bud Light.
“Shall I get a bottle of the Louis Roederer?”  Tyler turned to ask me.  Like I cared, I was happy with boxed wine.  Jamie and I had a few good nights on that.
“Oh the Cristol, I would love that!”  Ashlynn jumped enthusiastically, leaning toward Tyler.  How did she end up on the other side of him anyway?
Tyler gave her a tight smile then asked the waiter for the bottle. 
“Well, Becca… there is something I have been wanting to ask you.  I was hoping I could take you on a girl’s day and ask you but you are just so busy at work it seems,” she pouted.  My throat got tight, what more on earth could she possibly want from me?   
The waiter came back speedily and popped the top and started to pour it into our glasses.  I took a hasty sip.  It was very good.  It should be considering it was $380.  I hope Tyler didn’t think this was what I always wanted, to be basked in fine dining and expensive tastes.
Ashlynn cocked her head to the side and held Connors hand on top of the table.  “Becca, I want you to be my maid of honor in our wedding.”  My eyes popped open along with my mouth.  I didn’t know what to say.  I was going to be done with her after I finished those plans.  Tyler nearly choked on his wine. 
“Ashlynn, I…”  I was lost for words.  I searched the table, trying to find something that would help me focus on what she just asked me.  My eyes returned to her face.  Her eyes looked so young all of the sudden.  It reminded me of when we were little girls.  There was a time when Ashlynn would do anything for me, and in a weird way, she still would.  Yes, she had to have everything, but that included having me.  She saw me as a person she never wanted to let go, and she had told me that numerous times after she and Connor got together.  “Yeah, I’ll be your maid of honor,” the words came out as though I were talking to a child, a long lost friend.
I felt Tyler’s eyes dart to me.  I was afraid to look at him.  I was letting her walk all over me, and he was going to point it out.  My heart was starting to constrict again.
“When is your wedding?”  Tyler asked, holding his wine glass inches from his lips.
“Well, Connor thought we should wait until he was done with law school but I won’t be able to wait that long, so we were thinking early May.”
Yeah, I bet ‘we’ were thinking about it.  Clearly Connor was flustered by the date.  The last thing he wanted was to be dealing with wedding arrangements in his final year of law school.  I’m sure it was hard enough for him to get out this evening by 6:30 from his internship.  I felt pity for him dealing with Ashlynn’s selfish demands.
“May huh…” Tyler took a sip of his wine.  “Becca, that might be a lot for you to take on in May, considering the Enterprise Yachts account will start building the end of April.”
I furrowed my eyebrows at him.  We didn’t even have that account locked in yet.  And why would they need me that far along in the game?
It was as though he read my mind.  “They will probably want you on site, and from what I hear, it’s going to be along the coast.  You won’t be in town much.”  He shrugged his shoulders as he spun his wine glass on the table.  A small smile came across my face.  I realized what he was doing.  He was trying to give me an out and was making up the whole thing.
“I’m sure Becca can manage it,”  Ashlynn snubbed.  “She has always made time for me.  That’s why she’s such a good friend.”  She was so sincere when she said it.  I felt like I was being pulled between the two of them.
“I’ll be able to work it out,” I whispered.  Tyler sat back in his chair and pulled the menu off the table.  I could tell he was disappointed in me for giving in to her demands.
Ashlynn squealed and jumped up and around the table to give me a hug.  “Becca, I’m so glad we are still friends after everything.  You so understand!”  she shouted in my ear.  I pulled back trying not to look uncomfortable.  
Thankfully the waiter saved me from further embarrassment and was ready to take our orders.  I quickly tried to look over the menu before it was my turn.  Maybe I would just order what Tyler got?  He seemed to eat pretty healthy.
“I’ll have the winter spice pork chop, please.  Can I get your Yukon gold potato mash instead of the white bean stew?” Tyler said smoothly.  It sounded good to me, minus the potato.  The waiter nodded and turned to me.
“I’ll have the pork also, but instead of the potato can I get asparagus please?” 
Ashlynn let out a giggle as the server took our menus. “Since when do you order vegetables, Becca?”
My face turned scarlet.  Please don’t bring up my erratic food habits.
“I just feel like having asparagus,” I simply said, sipping my wine.  I might need something stronger to get me through this.
“Are you still trying to lose the rest of that baby fat?  Can’t get rid of that last bit though?  You can always call me and ask for help.  They say the last 10 pounds are always the hardest.”  Her eyes danced as she said the words.  I wanted to crawl under the table and hide.  My dress suddenly felt too snug and I was worried people were staring at me saying, why would she ever wear that dress, she looks horrible!  I crossed my arms as though it would make a barrier between me and my onlookers.  Just as I was starting to feel more comfortable with myself she had to go and say things to knock me down a level.
I saw Connor nudge Ashlynn and give her a glare.  So I wasn’t the only one who thought that comment was inappropriate for the dinner table. 
I felt Tyler’s hand rub across my thigh.  “I can attest to the fact that Becca does not have any baby fat.”  He leaned into my ear and whispered, “You are very delectable baby doll.”  Just when I thought my face couldn’t turn any more red, his whisper turned into a nibble. I saw Connor’s face out of the corner of my eye and he looked like he had swallowed his wine the wrong way.  Ashlynn looked just as caught off guard by Tyler’s proclamation. 
Tyler slowly pulled back from my ear keeping his eyes on me.  He wasn’t trying to contain his smirk.  It was nice of him to say that to try and defend me, but I was worried it was all for show.  I gave him a tight smile back.
“Well I’m sure Jamie isn’t helping, she was always a wino,” Ashlynn snorted. My cheeks heated again but out of anger.  Jamie was the best thing that ever happened to me.  She got me through the whole mess Ashlynn put me in.
“Jamie is the best friend anyone could ever ask for,” I said in a low tone.  Ashlynn was thrown back by my statement.  
Yeah, back off my best friend you boyfriend stealer.
Wow, where did that come from?  I thought to myself.  I instantly felt bad for my snide comment in my head.  Tyler was smiling into his wine glass.  
“Last I knew she had you parading around Florida getting drunk and screwing any guy that would happen to hit on you,” Ashlynn sneered.  Her eyes were alight with fire.  She wanted to be the best friend and was horribly jealous of Jamie.  My eyes were starting to glass over.  I never wanted Tyler to know just how promiscuous I was.  It was bad enough he knew I had put myself in a situation where a complete stranger could have taken advantage of me.  Oh why did Tyler have to be here!
Tyler leaned over the table putting both hands on the edge as though to hold him steady.  The words that came out of his mouth next were in a dangerous whisper, “Jamie won’t ever make a pass at me.  That’s why she is a best friend.”  He turned his head to face Connor who, like me, looked like he wanted to run for the hills.  “And if she did make a pass at me, I would turn her down in a heartbeat and call her out on it.”  Tyler’s tone was so intense and caused me to feel something completely opposite of what I thought the controversy would do.   I was completely turned on.  
I brought my hand onto his vice grip holding the table.  As soon as he felt my touch he softened and let me take his hand.  The look he gave me was pure affection.  If I didn’t know any better I would say it was full of love.  Connor was pale white.  I knew he felt bad for everything that had happened.  Tyler didn’t need to make him feel any worse.  Ashlynn was the one who needed the firm hand.
Ashylnn had jealousy in her eyes.  I was afraid her inner Medusa was going to come out.  Thank God our waiter arrived with our food to help ease the tension. 
Then I heard my name being called from a few feet behind our waiter. 
“My oh my, the lovely Becca Stine is back in town!”  It was Chef Absenger.  He had seen me come to Cygnus with my family throughout the years and to my surprise remembered me.  As embarrassed as I was that he was calling me out in front of everyone, I had to smile.  He was always very friendly toward me.  He yanked on my hand to pull me from my seat and gave me a good look over.
“College has been good to my little Becca!  You are all grown up!  You must come more often to get some meat on your bones my dear!  Why didn’t you call and let us know you were coming?  I would have given you your normal table.”
I shrugged at his comment and gave him a bright smile.  “It was last minute.  I will next time though, I promise.”
Ashlynn quickly stood up and coughed as though to get Chef Absenger’s attention.  She was at Cygnus just as much as I was growing up.  “Chef Absenger, so nice to see you!” she said with too high of a pitch.  The chef gave her a once over and cocked his head as though he were trying to figure out who she was.
Ashlynn rolled her eyes as she walked up to him.  “It’s me Ashlynn Mackenzie,” she emphasized her last name.
Chef’s puzzled expression turned into a smile.  “Of course.  How are you my dear?  Glad to see the two of you are still friends after all these years.  I remember when you both would come in with your mom’s for brunch,” he said, giving Ashlynn a peck on the cheek.  She gave him a fake giggle and fluttered her eyelashes.
“Well please do enjoy your food, and let me know if you need anything else.  Tyler, let me know it is Becca you are bringing with you next time!”  he said putting a hand on Tyler’s shoulder.  Tyler gave him a nod and took my hand as I slipped back into my seat.
“Will do, and the food looks fabulous.”
We all silently dug in.  I couldn’t help but stare at Tyler while his mouth moved.  I was so turned on by his alpha male intervention with Ashlynn’s rude comments.  I couldn’t wait to have his mouth move on me.  I had barely touched my plate by the time he was almost done. 
He leaned back over to whisper in my ear again, causing my heart to beat faster.  “Please eat baby doll, you are going to need your strength.”  He finished his words with a nibble again, and went back to eating.  I squirmed and squeezed my thighs closer together.  He was giving me the shivers in this very public place, and I loved it.   It made me completely forget about the awkward company at our table.
I tried to focus on my plate again and managed to eat half of it.  I wasn’t as paranoid to eat in front of him as I used to be, and I tried to block out the skinny blond sitting kitty corner from me who devoured a plate of pasta.  Connor was picking at his food.  I think he was the most uncomfortable out of all of us.  
By the time we were done, the conversation came back and it was very light.  Tyler started talking to Connor about his internship.  Connor had a little more life to him when he talked about it.  Ashlynn was watching both of them talk while she fiddled with her hair.  She was trying to plot something in her head.  I could tell by how she was fidgeting.  
“The chef wanted me to bring this out to his favorite customer,” the server said, suddenly putting a big plate with a huge helping of tiramisu in front of me.  My eyes grew wide.  It looked so good.  I wanted to eat it, I really, really wanted too, but I couldn’t. 
I gulped as I looked down at it.  A smile played on Ashlynn’s face.  “Well that’s more like it, Becca.”
Tyler looked from Ashlynn to me.  “Do you want to take it home?” he asked me.
I shrugged.  “I’m really full… you can have it if you want,”  I said biting my lip, not able to take my eyes off it.  Tyler stopped the waiter.
“Could you box this up for us to take home?”  The server nodded and scurried off with the plate of tiramisu.  I tried not to let my eyes follow it when he walked away.
The server came back with a small box in a classy paper bag and the bill.  Tyler quickly grabbed it and pulled out his card.
“Hey, we can split it,” Connor said quickly reaching for his wallet.  Tyler shrugged him off and gave the bill back to the server before he left the table again.
“That was very nice of you Tyler, thanks,” Ashlynn said very sweetly.  She wasn’t even high pitched or obnoxious.
“Don’t worry about it.”
“We will pick it up next time, right Connor?”  Ashlynn said turning to him.  He gave her a tight smile.  I’m sure he was thinking the same as me, that hopefully there wouldn’t be a next time.  
When the server brought back the slip for Tyler to sign, we started to get up and get ready to leave.  Tyler helped pull out my chair and held his hand out to mine for me to stand.  Ashlynn sat and waited for Connor to do the same, but finally gave up in a huff and stood on her own.  I was a bit surprised; Connor was normally very charming and chivalrous. He was clearly thrown off his game by Tyler.
Tyler grabbed the bag with the dessert in it and led me to where our coats were and helped me with mine.  Ashlynn was watching his every move.  I felt a hint of pride at his attentiveness to me.  We all rode down the elevator in silence.  Tyler wrapped his arms around me from behind and leaned his head against mine.  It felt so nice and comfortable.  I didn’t even care that Connor and Ashlynn were in the elevator with us.
When we finally got off and into the lobby, Ashlynn gave me a swift hug and said she would text me more about the wedding and the blueprints.  I attempted to smile at her but failed.  She didn’t notice, but then went and gave Tyler a very intrusive hug.  I saw his body go stiff with discomfort.  He didn’t even give her an awkward hug back.  I scrunched my eyebrows together at the sight.  Connor gave us both a nod and thanked Tyler again for dinner while he took Ashlynn’s hand to leave.  The valet had our car all ready to go by the time we walked out of the lobby doors.  When I sat in the car it was like I dropped a hundred pound weight from my shoulders.
Tyler smoothly slid into the cream leather seats of the Maserati and pulled onto the road.
“Well, that was horribly pleasant,” I said throwing my head back on the seat.
“I personally enjoyed seeing her face when the chef sent out dessert for you and not her,” he said stifling a smile.  I had missed her look; I was too busy eating the tiramisu with my eyes.
I moved my hand so it was resting on his thigh.  He glanced down at my hand then back to the road with a smile playing at the corner of his lips.
“Thank you,” I murmured to him.  I let my hands travel up his thigh farther as I gazed at him with my head back on the head rest.  He pulled my hand from his thigh with a deep breath and kissed my palm.
“You’re very welcome.  It was fun staking my claim.  Now, do I bring you home, or… do I bring you home?”  His eyes were dark as he kissed my palm again then pulled my fingers to his lips and gave them a gentle suck.  I closed my eyes and said very breathy, “Bring me home, to your home.”  His Conklin mischievous grin was spread across his face as he nipped my finger.  I bit my lip trying to contain my reaction to his seduction.
“So does this mean I’m forgiven?”  he asked with his eyes back on the road.
“I guess I could put up with your requirements, at least for now,” I sighed, closing my eyes at the feeling of his thumb caressing mine.  I could hear his grin as he drove into the parking ramp of his condo.
The second we walked into Tyler’s condo I was in his arms, and he was kissing me.  “I’ve missed your lips,” he grinned against my mouth.  I melted into him, pulling my hands to his strong chest.  I broke from his kiss for just a moment to take off Jamie’s ridiculously high heels.  I sunk about six inches lower after I took them off and giggled when I looked back up at Tyler.
He let out a chuckle, “I thought you seemed taller, but I’m not going to lie, those heels were very sexy on you.”  His eyes were blazing looking down at me.  I smiled back up to him and thought about what he had said at dinner. 
“Thank you for warding off the whole baby fat thing,” I mumbled, starting to take my jacket off.  He followed with his jacket and hung them up on the peg by the door.
He took my face in his hands, “Becca, you are so beautiful.  I would never change anything about you.  Your body is such a turn on to me.  Like in this dress…”  He moved me back so he could skim me over.  “All I want is to see what is underneath it.  I’m sure I wasn’t the only one thinking that either,” his eyes became stern.  
I laughed to lighten the mood, “I doubt that.”
He brought me back flush to his body and looked at me with all seriousness.  “I wanted to smack your ex-boyfriend.  He kept looking at your ass every chance he got.”  I blushed at his stare.  His lip quirked at my heated cheeks.
“Shall we go get more comfortable?”  His eyes were on fire.  I nodded my head as he led me up the spiral staircase to his bedroom.  
As we entered his bedroom Tyler turned on the lamp beside his bed.  He started to loosen his tie as he stalked back over to me.  I crossed my arms, feeling exposed to his stare slowly seducing me while his pupils dilated.  He fumbled with the clasp on my necklace until it broke free and put it in his pocket.  As though he didn’t want my chest to feel naked from the lack of jewelry, he covered it with kisses.  I sighed, moving my head to the side as his lips grazed over to my neck.  One of his hands went to my lower back while the other pulled down the thick wavy strap of my dress so he could trail kisses along my bare shoulder.
Tyler twirled me around to find the zipper of my dress.  This was the part I felt strange about.  The glow of the lamp was too bright, and I wasn’t ready to be completely naked in front of him with the lights on.  I squirmed when he started to unzip my dress and turned to face him.
His eyes flickered as I pulled the strap to my dress back over my shoulder. “Tyler, I’m sorry, but can we um… turn the lamp off?”
He searched my eyes for a moment then left my side and switched off the lamp.  The only light that was spilling into the room was from the moon, and I became more relaxed.  I wasn’t ready for him to see me completely naked.  No one has ever seen me completely naked, not even Connor.
Tyler came back to my dress and quickly unzipped it.  I helped him slide it down my body.  I wanted to be hidden under the covers with him on top of me, but he held me still while he gave my shoulders feather light kisses.
His hands felt the lace of my bra as he let out a low groan.  His hands moved down my hips to my matching lace panties, causing another low rumble to come out of his throat.  “Can I turn the light back on, I really would love to see these,” he whispered in my ear, tracing his tongue along my earlobe.  I sucked in air as he played with the waistband of the delicate lace across my backside.
“No,” I hummed.  He softly blew out air threw his nose and kissed my neck.
Flipping me around to face him, he pushed me down on the bed.  “Well I guess the moonlight will be enough.”
I grabbed a pillow and covered my stomach, biting my lip trying to hide my grin.  He shook his head and bit his lip before crawling on top of me while removing the pillow.
“You don’t have to be so shy with me, although it is very cute.”
I glared at him.  He laughed and kissed my nose causing me to giggle.
“I meant what I said about being attracted to your body, I wish you would believe me.”  His eyes were big and sincere.  I tilted my head and grabbed his face to kiss him, wanting to forget about looking and start feeling just as I wanted since we parted on Thursday.
He wakened to my deepening kiss.  I moved my hands from his face to his already loosened tie and started to unravel it.  Once I pulled it free I moved to his buttons.  He stopped kissing me and sat up while still straddling me and started to unhook the buttons from the top while I sat up and started from the bottom.   I followed the hem that slid up his stomach with trembling fingers as he pulled off his undershirt.  My hands traveled up his chest to his face pulling him back to kiss me while he was still sitting up.  The feeling of his tongue moving against mine was exquisite.  His kisses grew more eager when my fingers slid underneath the waistband of his slacks.  I fumbled with his belt buckle and yanked it off of him.  Before I could start on his button he forced me down on the bed, trailing kisses across my chest and on top of my swollen breasts.  My chest was heaving, begging him to pull down the cups of my bra.  I wanted the intimate contact of his mouth and tongue on my sensitive skin.  I arched my back pushing my chest closer to his lips.  He nuzzled me and pulled his head back.  I was breathing so heavy with my eyes closed, waiting for his next move.  When the warmth of his breath didn’t return to my body right away I opened my eyes.  He was on his elbows gazing down at me, his chest heaving just as heavy as mine.  I kept my arms to the side of my head, waiting for his next move.  
“You look so desirable like this,” he breathed, rubbing his nose along the lace of my bra.  I felt his nose brush my nipple and I let out a soft moan and put my hands in his hair.  He wrapped his arms under my arched back and unsnapped the lacy material freeing my breasts.  The warmth of his mouth finally met the flesh I was longing for it to touch.  I groaned louder as my hips moved into him.  He sat up again, helping me completely free myself from the white lace entrapping my chest.  I closed my eyes and pulled him back down to my lips.  
Tyler moved his mouth along my jaw and down my throat, between my breasts, and down to my belly.  I started to squirm.  I wanted him to kiss me there so badly in my head, but my legs automatically squeezed closed.  I never could relax enough to let anyone go down on me.  He reached the fine lace and pushed on my thighs that trembled when they tried to fight back.  I felt his warm breath through the fabric, but before he could make contact I yanked at his hair and pulled him up to me, forcefully rolling so he was underneath me.  
He made a frustrated groan once I tugged on his hair, but gasped at my audacity when I straddled him.  I gave him feather light kisses down his abdomen and started to unbutton his suit pants.  He let out a strangled moan and flexed his hips.  I remembered he wasn’t used to this type of contact, so I slowed down to savor what I could do to him with simple movements.  Keeping his pants undone and on, I grazed his skin with my lips, tracing his muscles with my tongue.  His breathing was so erratic his body was trembling.  He gripped my thighs tightly with his hands.
The friction below me was growing harder, and I couldn’t take it anymore.  I needed him inside of me.  I moved down and pulled on his pants and boxers freeing him.  My eyes widened when I saw him.  
Oh my God!  Was that really inside me the other night?
I hastily closed my eyes, worried he might have seen my reaction to his size. He helped me to completely rid him of his pants and Under Armour boxers from his body and started tugging on my panties.  Once they were off my hips, Tyler grabbed my waist and held me still.
“There are condoms in the top drawer,” his breath was heavy with need.  I quickly reached over and fumbled in the drawer and pulled out one of the packages.  He had quite a few for someone who didn’t have sex that often.  I was going to have to ask him about that.
I handed him the package but he held my hand at the same time.  “Will you put it on?”  His voice was a plea.  I shakily opened the package and bit my lip.  His eyes watched me with excitement as I peeked down at him.  He sensed my embarrassment and said, “I can do it if you want.”
I shook my head and rolled the condom down him, never taking my eyes from his.  His chest rose at the same rate my trembling hands moved down his length.  He put his hands on my hips and helped me hover over him.  My body was shaking with anticipation.  I watched Tyler’s eyes roll backwards and his jaw relax as I guided him inside me.  The sight of his reaction was such a turn on as I started to move.  It was so deep this way, and I could feel his impressive length the farther I tipped my hips back.  Tyler moved his hands up over my hips to my waist, gently pushing me back even further.  When I tipped my head forward again, I opened my eyes and noticed he was watching me intently with his mouth open.  My conscious overrode my wanton state as I moved down to kiss him, not wanting him to see me so exposed.  His hands tightened around my back as I kissed his lips through our mangled breaths.  He suddenly sat up startling me with his quick movement and the sudden change of depth inside of me caused me to gasp.  He pushed my hips down into him and he lifted upwards causing me to shudder with pleasure. 
“God you feel amazing,” he moaned into my mouth as he flexed his hips upward again.  All I could do was garble in agreement.  I met his hips with more force causing him to grunt and tip me closer to spiraling out of control.  My pace intensified as Tyler met my every move.  He pushed down on my lower back causing me to explode with shivers as I dug my nails into his shoulders, squeezing my chest into him.  He thrust into me twice and then joined me in my bliss. 
Once our breathing finally calmed, I loosened my grip on his shoulders and relaxed into him putting my head in the crook of his neck.  Tyler continued to hold me tight and nuzzled my shoulder.  He gently lifted me off of him and removed the condom, throwing it on the floor, and then laid us both on our sides facing each other.  I sighed into his neck, “That was nice.”
He laughed and rubbed his nose against mine.  “What are you doing the rest of the weekend?”  He said gazing at me while stroking my hair.
Lying in bed with you.
“I don’t have anything planned.”
“Will you go to Chicago with me?  I have a few meetings tomorrow.  We could spend the night and then spend the day in the city on Sunday.  I have a nicer place there.”
I bit my lip trying to contain my glee.  I wanted to spend every second of the weekend and then some with him.  Then my face fell when I thought about Sunday.  I had only been to a few family dinners since I had been back.  My mom really wanted me to come this Sunday because my siblings were for sure going to be there.  I hadn’t seen Heather in a while either.  She was almost seven months pregnant.  
Tyler must have noticed my expression.  “I would understand if you didn’t want to come with me,” he said, clearly looking disappointed.
“No, I just have to be back by Sunday afternoon.  I promised my mom I would come over for dinner,” I said, trying to not hurt his feelings.  “I would love to spend more time with you though.”  I looked up at him through my eyelashes.
A smile played on his lips.  “Then come with me.  I’ll get you back by Sunday afternoon.”  He wrapped his arm around my waist and pulled me as close to him as he could. 
“What time do we need to leave in the morning?”
“5:00am.”
“What?”  I exclaimed, pulling back from him. 
“Our flight is at 6:00am.  We have to get to the airport at 5:00am,”  he said moving in to give me a kiss.  Did he already buy me a ticket, hoping I would have forgiven him and decide to travel to Chicago with him?  His fortitude annoyed me.  Maybe I shouldn’t have forgiven him so easily.
“Nathan was going to come, but last minute had to be in Chicago today so we have a floating employee seat.”
Okay, my annoyance left me quickly, but what about clothes?  “Ty I don’t have any clothes.  We will have to leave earlier so I can stop and get some from my condo.”  He brushed his knuckles across my cheek and looked at me with adoration, but it quickly faded and he looked like he was afraid to tell me something.
“Don’t be mad, but I talked to Jamie last night and she packed a bag for you,” He said searching my eyes trying to gauge what my reaction would be.
I looked at him skeptically.  He obviously did think I would forgive him easily.  The thought depressed me.
He put both of his hands on my face and spoke quickly, “Jamie answered your phone when you were in the shower last night.  She started to lay into me about lying to you and did her duty as a best friend.  But then she softened a bit and told me about your meeting with Ashlynn and thought I would be forgiven if I intervened.   I told her I would be delighted and then I asked her if she wouldn’t mind packing a bag for you.  I picked it up from Jamie’s office earlier this afternoon.”
I was silent.  I didn’t like that he had talked to Jamie behind my back.  My entire body screamed at me to not be jealous or feel uncomfortable, but the little bird in the back of my mind kept reminding me of history repeating itself.
He kept his eyes on me. “Are you mad?”
I closed my eyes and gulped then shook my head.  “No, just one less thing we have to do in the morning,” I whispered.
He leaned up on his elbow and cocked his head at me.  “What’s wrong?  You look like something is on your mind.”  He became more serious.
What was I supposed to tell him?  That I didn’t like him talking to my best friend?  How ridiculous.  I should be ecstatic that Jamie answered the phone and gave him her wrath, but at the same time she knew I wanted him and helped him to win me over.
“It’s stupid, and it’s nothing,” I said shaking my head.
He sat up and pulled me up with him.  I kept the sheet over my chest, and stared down at my nails.
“Becca, is it because I talked to Jamie?  I didn’t mean to go behind your back; I was desperate to make amends with you.”  His eyes looked pained.
I gave him a half smile and held his face.  His five o’clock shadow was scruffy, and I liked how it felt on my fingers.  “I know, and I’m grateful. I just… I got a little jealous that’s all, it’s no big deal.  The feeling came across me before I could think how ridiculous it was,”  I said letting out a small laugh.  I didn’t want him to dwell on it.
“Baby doll, I would never make a move on your best friend or anyone for that matter.  You are the only one I want.  I meant what I said at dinner; I would deny anyone and call them out on it.”  I smiled at his endearment.  He was pleading for me to believe him.  I did believe him a hundred percent, and I knew Jamie would never betray me like Ashlynn did.  History just had a tendency to stick in the back of my mind whether I wanted it to or not.
I kissed his lips.  “That is one thing from dinner I do believe.”  
“Oh?  Did you think I wasn’t being sincere the whole time?”  he said pulling away from my kiss.  I flushed under his stare.  How was I supposed to tell him I thought some of it was for show?  
“I just think maybe some of it was to shut Ashlynn up or to try and make me feel good,” I said, pulling the sheet tighter around my chest.
“I meant everything I said Becca.  I wouldn’t have said any of it if it weren’t true.”
I peeked up at him, “Even about the Enterprise Yachts account?”
An amused smile came across his face.  “Okay, so that wasn’t entirely true… speaking of which, why did you tell Ashlynn you would be her maid of honor?”
I shrugged my shoulders, “I know Ashlynn can be a lot, and yeah she did stab me in the back, but we have history, and she doesn’t have any other friends really.  How do you tell someone you have known your whole life no?”
He cocked his head and frowned at me.  “How can you forgive her so easily?”
“I guess I just don’t like the thought of hating someone.”  It was true; hate could control someone so easily.  Your mind becomes consumed, and the negatives take over your life.  I didn’t want to talk about it anymore.  The thought of what Ashlynn did was unsettling to me, and I didn’t want to hate her.  The more I would think about it, the harder it would be to deny the feelings.  Tyler quirked his head still not understanding me.  I needed to change the subject, and I knew exactly how to do it.
I leaned into his ear and said, “Besides, if Ashlynn were a better friend I wouldn’t be in this bed with you.”  I tried to sound seductive, running my fingers down his sternum.
Tyler sucked in a quick breath of air and pulled the sheet down, gently laying me on the bed underneath him.  He looked into my eyes and said, “That is a very good point.  I’ll have to thank her.”  I grimaced at him.  There would be no need for extra contact with her.  His lip quirked as he started to kiss me again.  
I held his head and deepened the kiss.  His tongue penetrated my mouth as his hands gripped my shoulders. His mouth moved from my lips to my neck.  He kept a gentle slow pace, causing my body to slowly rev up again.  I trailed my hand down his chest and abdomen and ran my fingers across the V that led downward.  He gasped into my mouth as his body started to shiver.  Hmm he likes this.  Bravely I took both hands and ran the pads of my fingertips along each side of the V, stopping just inches from him.  His chest was heaving as his eyes were screwed shut.  He wasn’t able to focus because he was shaking so badly.  I felt the urge to comfort him; maybe I had crossed a line?  I moved my hands up and gently grabbed each of his biceps.
“Are you okay?”  I whispered into his mouth.  
He nodded his head rapidly and mumbled,  “Uh huh.”  
I grabbed his face with both hands and gave him a tender kiss, debating if I should move my hands down further again.  Although he seemed to almost fall apart, his answer assured it was a good type of unraveling.  He slowly opened his eyes as if he was reading my mind.  I searched his eyes, then bravely ran my hand back down his chest and followed downward.  I gulped at his intense stare and then moved my hand to wrap around him.  His eyes rolled back as his chest heaved again.  I moved my hand up and down while watching his face intently.
“Oh… baby…”  His words were mangled with heavy breaths.  He leaned down on one elbow and reached for the drawer with the condoms in it.  He put the wrapper next to his mouth and tore it open, spitting the ripped piece to the side of the bed.  He leaned on his side and his hand wrapped around mine.  “As amazing as this feels, I want to be inside of you,” he breathed, removing my hand so he could put on the condom.
Instead of rolling on top of me, he rolled me to my side so I was flush against him.  He hitched my leg up over his thigh and guided himself inside me.  I gasped as he rocked his hips into me, pressing his palm on my lower back, urging me deeper into him.  I had never done this position before; come to think of it, I had never done what he did earlier, both of us sitting up like that.  I was normally too shy to try new things or too drunk to experiment.
I leaned back, trying to find an angle to hit my sweet spot.  I doubted that I would come again, but every thrust he made felt so wonderful.  
He leaned up on his elbow and moved his hand to my backside, pulling me against him.  
“Oh…God Becca…I want to feel you baby…”  His words were turning me on, causing the ache in my belly to come closer to the surface.  My breathing became more intense with his every word.  Normally I would feel silly and lose my drive when guys would start talking, but not Tyler’s voice.  It was low and sexy and filled with equal need.  I could hear the effect my body was having on him, which turned me on even more.  Tyler noticed and took advantage.
“Do you like this?  Does it feel good?” he moaned into my mouth.  I groaned again, his voice bringing me closer and closer.  He pulled my leg up higher on his hip and slowed slightly, stroking me in just the right spot.  My breathing became shallower with each slow stroke.  He knew he had found the spot, and continued at a delicious pace causing my skin to tingle all over.
“Oh… right there… that’s the spot… isn’t it baby doll?” he murmured into my ear.  I moaned even louder, and with one last stroke I was in oblivion, garbling strangled versions of yes into his mouth.  With the vibrating of my insides, Tyler pulled my thigh closer and pounded his hips into me until his body stilled and relaxed into mine.
My body turned into dead weight as a dropped my head on the pillow.  My thigh was dangled across Tyler’s hip as my hands were pulled up next to my chest on the bed.  Tyler’s hand was firmly grasping my thigh as his elbow gave way crashing onto the pillow next to me.  Once his breathing finally became normal, Tyler ran his hand from my thigh up to my waist, and gently pulled himself out of me.  He moved his other arm from under his side then rolled over quickly to remove the condom and rolled onto his back.  He pulled me over to him so my head was lying on his chest.  
Holy cow.  Being able to get off was usually hard enough, but to do it twice in one night?  For someone who seems to not have sex a whole lot sure knows the right way to move his hips.  I was beginning to fear the unbelievable connection we had, not only physically but emotionally.  He was so attuned to my body and my feelings it was as though we’ve been with each other for a long time.  
I closed my eyes and sighed in content and listened to his heartbeat.  Feeling safe and sated, I listened in the stillness and fell asleep utterly pleased and satisfied.



Chapter 15



Soft lips pressed against the nape of my neck followed by a gentle whisper, “It’s time to wake up baby.”  Tyler’s kisses trailed down to my shoulders as he caressed my back with his palm.
I grumbled and buried my head into the pillow.  I sensed his grin on my neck.  He brought his lips back to my ear, “I’m going to jump in the shower… would you like to join me?  Or would you rather sleep another ten minutes?”
I squeezed my pillow keeping my eyes shut.  Tyler let out a soft laugh and rolled out of bed.  I kept my eyes closed and sighed, listening to the shower water hitting the tile floor.  As tempting as a shower with Tyler was, I was still tired, and I didn’t feel like letting him see me completely naked for the first time while I walked like a zombie.  I stretched my limbs.  I ached in all of the right places from our escapades last night.  My face blushed when my mind traveled back to his mouth covering my breast.  I squirmed under the covers from the tingling feeling I felt as I recalled the memories.
The shower water turned off, and Tyler appeared from the bathroom door.  The soft light escaping the bathroom was easier to open my eyes to.  He had a towel wrapped around his waist and sat on the bed next to me.  He put his bare hand on my back.  It was chilly from the water and caused me to squeeze the pillow even tighter.  His hand brushed down to my lower back as the hushed words came out of his mouth.  “I saved you some hot water if you want to shower now, or you can shower at my place in Chicago, it’s up to you, but we have to get going in 30 minutes.” 
I grumbled and slowly sat up with the pillow against my chest.  My eyes were heavy as I attempted to open them.  Tyler put his hand on my face and leaned in to give me a kiss.  I only pecked him back, aware that I hadn’t brushed my teeth yet.  I had slept so hard the entire four hours that were left after our intimate shenanigans.
Tyler moved his hand from my face down to my neck and rubbed my collarbone.  It felt so nice.
“Hmm,” was all I could manage to say.  When I opened my eyes to look at him, his expression was of amusement and awe.
“Where is my bag?”  I mumbled, rubbing my eyes.  
“It’s downstairs, I’ll get it for you.”  I nodded my head as he started to stand.  Once he was out of the room, I quickly hopped up and went into his bathroom.  It was all brown and cream, brown tile with cream walls, and a large shower with a brown and cream marble swirl background with a built in shelf.   I turned the shower on and stepped into the warm water. 
Shoot, I forgot my shower stuff!  Just as I opened my eyes again to try and figure out what I was going to do, I noticed Tyler had bought the shampoo and body wash I use.  Either Jamie had filled him in or he happened to notice the first time he spent the night.  A soft smile escaped my lips as I squirted the shampoo into my hand.  I quickly washed, remembering we were on a time frame, and jumped out of the shower to look for a towel.  I froze when I saw two fluffy brown towels and a pair of jeans, a blue button up shirt, and matching light blue underwear set were on the counter.  I blushed.  I was mortified to think he rummaged through my things that Jamie packed, but the gesture made me smile.  I quickly dried off and threw on the clothes.  I was towel drying my hair when Tyler knocked on the bathroom door.
“You can come in,” I said, furiously trying to dry my hair.  He walked in dressed in an expensive gray suit with a light blue dress shirt and a silver tie.  I felt underdressed.  
He slid past me and leaned against the sink.  “Are we more awake now?”
I raked my hands through my hair, trying to tame it back into a pony tail.  “Maybe if it weren’t 4:30am.  Should I change?  I feel very under dressed,” I said staring at my tired eyes in the mirror.  
Tyler came behind me and put his hands on my hips.  “You look beautiful.  Come on, Cooper is waiting downstairs.”  I blinked at him in the mirror.  
“Cooper, as in your assistant?” I questioned.  He shook his head yes.  I still didn’t understand.
“Am I riding with you? Or driving separate?”  
“Cooper has an understanding and knows how to keep his mouth shut,” Tyler said matter of factly.  He took my hand and we left.


***

The airport was surprisingly quiet and we had no trouble getting on the plane.  Tyler had booked first-class seats, and there were only a few people sharing the first-class cabin with us.  Once we were in the air Tyler pulled out his iPad and pulled up a spreadsheet full of numbers.
I leaned my head back in the seat feeling groggy.
“You can lie down on my lap if you want.”  Tyler pushed the flight attendant button and the stewardess came running.  She played with her hair when she talked to Tyler.  I huffed under my breath.
“Can we get a pillow and a blanket please?”  he asked in his charming voice.  She hurried back to her quarters and came rushing back with a pillow and blanket.  
Tyler pulled up the armrest and put the pillow on his lap, angling his body, inviting me to get comfortable.  I bit my lip and put my head on the pillow while he covered me with the small blanket.  There wasn’t a whole lot of room since there were only two seats in the row, so completely lying down wasn’t going to happen.  Once I managed to get semi-comfortable, Tyler pulled the hair tie from my hair and started to run his fingers through it while he looked at his iPad.  It felt like I had just started to doze when we had to return to our upright positions.
I reluctantly sat up and fastened my seat belt while Tyler put his iPad away.  I felt Tyler touch my arm.  “Did you sleep at all?  You seemed very relaxed,” he said, drawing a circle on my forearm.
I nodded my head then gave him a flirty stare.  “I wouldn’t be so tired if someone hadn’t kept me up so late with their shenanigans.”
If I didn’t know any better I would have said he was blushing.  “Hey, you started it the second time,” he said tapping my nose with his index finger.  Now it was my turn to blush.
A black SUV was outside in the pick-up area at O’Hare.  The driver came out and helped Tyler put our carry-on bags in the back.
“Can you please take us to the Elysian Condos?”  Tyler asked politely as we slid into the back of the SUV.  The traffic was heavy as the driver weaved through the lanes of the big city.  When we arrived at Tyler’s condo my eyes widened.  The building was huge.  Chicago was ten times the size of Grand Rapids, and I began to realize exactly what Tyler was about.  
We ascended up the elevator in silence.  I was used to money, but I had a feeling Tyler was used to more.  My stomach dropped when we finally arrived at Tyler’s floor and entered his condo.  The ceilings were tall and the floors were covered in dark hardwood.  All of the walls were white and an array of windows aligned the outer wall.  The other walls were covered in art.  The kitchen was very modern with sleek black cabinets and stainless steel appliances and a small breakfast room with a dining table.  The living room was very spacious and had a long red couch and two modern swivel chairs.  The wall in front of the furniture was covered with built in cabinets and expensive electronics filled the shelves.  Tyler set my bag down and watched me soak in his environment. 
“You can do whatever you want while I’m working.  There are tons of movies, books.  I have an e-reader somewhere.  You can use my office, it’s down the hall, if you’d like.”
We stood in silence for a moment.  Did I really just follow this man here?  What was I going to do all day?  I felt silly.
Tyler started walking down the hall and nodded for me to follow him.  He took me into his bedroom which matched the rest of the house.  White walls with one wall covered in windows.  He had a porch.   A gas fireplace was on the wall in front of the bed and had a built in unit that I assumed held a TV over the top. A big red curtain was pulled back from tall ceilings on the side of the windows.  The curtain matched the sleigh bed that was covered in a red down comforter with coordinating black throw pillows.  There was a fish tank built into the wall where the bathroom was, and you could see through to the bathtub on the other side.
I crossed my arms, hugging my chest feeling small in this extremely ostentatious penthouse apartment.  Tyler looked nervous when he set my bag down in his room.  “Is everything okay?”  he said tentatively.  
“Your place is just… big,” I said trying not to sound intimidated.
He looked at me skeptically.  “Yeah… It was a graduation present from my parents.  Will you be okay here while I’m gone?”
I flashed him a smile to reassure him I would be fine.  “Of course, I’ll probably just catch up on sleep.  Is there a gym?”
The skepticism left his face.  “There’s one on the main floor.  I’ll leave the access card for you.  I should be back before 5:00pm.  I’ll text you if I’m going to be later than that.  Help yourself to whatever is here.  You will probably have to order food, though, I’m sure the fridge is pretty empty.”
Tyler crept over to me and took my hand in his.  He gently caressed my palm and gazed into my eyes.  He lifted my hand to his lips and said, “I’m sorry I have meetings.  We can go out, or stay in, whatever you want to do when I get back.”  His eyes had a hint of fire to them that made me take in a sharp breath.  I nodded my head while drowning in his eyes.
Tyler leaned in and gave me a lingering kiss.  Before I knew it my tongue took over and demanded access to his mouth.  It took Tyler a millisecond to realize what I wanted.   He let go of my hand and pulled me against his body, his palms pressing against my lower back.  I moved my hands to his face, careful not to put them in his hair.  Although he had the messy look, I didn’t want to damage the product that held it in place.
He pulled his lips from mine and put our foreheads together.  Letting out a long breath to calm himself he said, “You are making it very hard for me to leave,” with a trace of annoyance.  I couldn’t contain the smile from spreading across my face.  I pulled my head back and gave him a chaste kiss.
“I’m sorry,” I said looking up at him through my lashes.
He puckered his lips into a hard line, as though he was trying to stop himself from smiling.  
“I don’t feel you are being sincere.”
I shrugged my shoulders trying to look innocent.  He let his smile break through after seeing my reaction.
“As much as I would like to crawl into that bed with you right now, I unfortunately have to go,”  he said moving his hands from my back to my face.  “Enjoy a lazy Saturday.  I’ll see you tonight.”  He kissed my cheek, probably because he was afraid what might happen if our lips locked again.  I followed him to the door as he pulled out his access key to the gym and handed it to me before he left.
I sighed and turned around to take in the over the top apartment condo.  Was this what I really wanted?  To get involved with someone who had more money than sense?  Yes, I grew up with this lifestyle, but I wasn’t sure it was the lifestyle I wanted to have for my future family.  No doubt my mother would approve and would call me crazy if I ever walked away.  
He doesn’t want that kind of relationship, remember?
I slumped my shoulders.  That’s right, he wanted our relationship to be quiet, and wedding bells and a family clearly wasn’t something we could keep on the low down.  
So what are you doing with him?
“I don’t know,” I said out loud, answering my own question.
Feeling sad, I walked through the spacious rooms to get to the master bedroom.  I pulled the curtains over the windows and crawled into the sleigh bed.  The curtains made it very dark and peaceful.  The moment my head hit the pillow all doubt and weariness went away and I crashed.
By the time I opened my eyes it was 1:00pm.  I felt beyond well rested and jumped out of bed.  I pulled open the curtains and allowed the bright light to burn through the extravagant windows.  I stretched as I looked out over the city and noticed I could see the big lake.  I decided to go down to the gym.  I sure hope Jamie knew me well enough to pack something to work out in.  I unzipped my suitcase and opened it up on the bed.  A note was inside from Jamie.

Hey Beautiful, 
I like this guy, and he seems to be worthy of another chance.  Have a pleasurable weekend.
-Jay Rae

I smiled at her note.  She was the best friend I would ever have.  I shook my head when I saw the little things she had packed.  I pulled out the low-cut, short purple dress and examined it.  I wasn’t so sure I could pull it off, but I could give it a try.  Maybe I could wear it to dinner?  I put the dress on the bed and rummaged through the rest of the bag.  Of course she had thrown in some sexy overly priced lingerie.  The bra was strapless and deep purple with rhinestones along the bust.  There was a matching thong to go with it.  I rolled my eyes.  I hated thongs and Jamie always gave me crap about not wearing them enough.  Although I was going to need to with how tight the purple dress was.  I kept searching my suitcase, hoping to find some soft cotton.  I sighed with relief when I finally found what I was looking for, a pair of running shorts and a T-shirt.  She even threw in a sports bra.  Jamie knew me so well; she even packed my sneakers.  I quickly got dressed and searched for a hair tie in my makeup bag then headed to the front door while throwing up my hair.  I grabbed the access key and made my way down to the gym.
The gym was just as I expected it to be, high-class equipment and dead as a doornail.  I wouldn’t have to worry about waiting for a machine, but then again it was a Saturday afternoon.  The vast room was surrounded by mirrors and had every type of machine you could ever want.  There was a clear fridge with complimentary water and a table with protein bars.  Realizing I hadn’t eaten anything, I took a bar and quickly ate it.  The last thing I needed was to pass out.  Once I was done, I grabbed a bottle and headed for a treadmill.
About 30 minutes in, I was startled by a familiar voice.
“What’s up Becca,” Nathan was getting on the treadmill next to me.  
“Hi,” I squeaked.  Shit.  I still wasn’t sure if I was supposed to be out and in the open with Nathan about Tyler and me.  The fact that I was in a completely different city and just so happened to be in the gym of his brother’s condo might be hard to fabricate.
“So, I take it you said yes to help Tyler out this weekend?” I simply nodded to his question, slowing my run to a walk.   Of course, Tyler had already helped with the cover up of why I was here, or at least some of it.  He knew Nathan and I could cross paths, and he probably needed an excuse for me to take the plane ticket.
“And he just uh, happened to not need you the second half of the day and let you come hang out here until he was done?” He was trying to hold a in his smirk.
“Mmhmm…” I trailed, gulping my water down.  The less said the better.
Nathan shook his head trying to hold back a grin.
He started the treadmill.  I cocked my head at him.  He obviously knew more than he was letting on.  Maybe I could finagle some information about his brother.
“Did you see Tyler this morning?”
He licked his lips then turned to look at me, “I was with him in all of his meetings this morning.”
Well, then he really knew I wasn’t here on business “helping” Tyler.  I guess for Tyler’s odd demand we were both going to have to beat around the bush and pretend I was here for business and not to just spend time with his brother.
“He was in a very good mood I might add,” Nathan teased.  I was blushing, but Nathan probably couldn’t tell because my face was already flushed from running.
“Yes, he was.  Is he not normally with you?” I asked.
“Tyler is normally cranky.  He thinks the world is out to get him,” Nathan said rolling his eyes.
“Why?”  I blurted out.
Nathan sighed, “He’s normally mad at my dad for something or other.  They both are hard headed.  My dad likes to get Tyler all riled up.  If it weren’t such an easy task to do, RJ would leave him alone.”
I knew they didn’t get along, but it had to be more than a conflict of personality.  As crazy as my mother was, I still loved her and got along with her.  She’s my mom, how could I not?  Tyler acted like he hated his dad and would be happy if he never had to see him again.
“Did something happen between the two of them?  Tyler really seems to not like him, more than just normal parent and child bickering,” I asked.
Nathan shrugged his shoulders.  “It’s not really my place to say, but my dad did something to Tyler that really messed him up.  Honestly, I don’t even think RJ knew what he did.”
He didn’t say anything more which disappointed me, but I knew enough to know that Nathan had already said more than he should have.  
I hopped off the treadmill and took one of the towels and started to wipe my face. “Do you have a condo here too?”  I asked Nathan, wanting to leave with a lighter conversation between us.
“Yes, so does Mitch.  Our parents gave us each one for graduation.  Maybe my mom thought we would all come and visit more if we had a place in town.”
“Did it not work?”
Nathan gave me a wry smile.  “Not as well as she hoped.  I visit her more than Mitch and Tyler.  When our grandparents died, the family dinners started to slim down.”  His expression was almost sad.
How was our conversation getting deep again?  “Well, I should get going.”  I said, trying not to sound uncomfortable.  “Do you know if there is a farmers market or something like that in walking distance?”
He gave me the famous Conklin mischievous grin.  “Sure, there is one a couple of blocks north of here.  Might be kind of hard to bring groceries on a plane tonight though…”
I tried to mimic his grin, “I’m just going to get a few things...”  We both knew I wasn’t going home tonight.
He laughed.  “Tell my little brother I said hi and to get his peanut butter stirred.”  I gave him a puzzled look that made him laugh even harder.  I waved goodbye and headed back upstairs to put on some warmer clothes.  It was nice seeing Nathan outside of the work environment.  He still acted like he was on a mission, but had a more playful side.
I walked down the street to find the farmers market, and Nathan was right it was only a few blocks away.  I decided I was going to make Tyler dinner and stay in for the evening.  Even though going out and about together would be safer in a bigger city than in Grand Rapids, I wanted alone time with him.  Once I picked up a few things to make a decent meal I headed back to his condo.  It was 3:30pm, so I would have time to get myself and dinner ready before he got home.  I would need about 45 minutes for dinner, and the other 45 minutes to get myself in order.  
I took a nice, hot shower and shaved every inch of my legs.  Luckily my Brazilian had paid off and still looked good.  I blew my hair dry and straightened it.  I would have rather had curls, but Jamie was the only one who could curl my hair the way I wanted it to look.  I took my time on my makeup, but wanted to keep the natural look.  A little bit of eyeliner and mascara went a long way, and I even put on some light eye shadow.  I stuck with regular lip gloss.  I didn’t use any cover up; I rarely did because I tanned throughout the year which helped to keep my skin blemish free and have a nice bronze tan.
I put on one of Tyler’s T-shirts to cook in because I didn’t want to spill anything on my scandalous dress.   I was still nervous to wear it.
I bought a bunch of veggies to make a stir fry.  They had fresh chicken at the market and even had rice by the pound.  I had to stop at different stores to get some soy sauce and olive oil.  I happened to pass by a mini mart and got a bottle of wine as well.
I set the table while the food was cooking and started to chill the wine.  Tyler would be home in 20 minutes, and I wanted everything to be perfect.  I rummaged through the cupboards and found plates, silverware, and wine glasses.  I set the table in the formal dining room. Once the table was set, I threw all the ingredients into a wok and poured in a bit of soy sauce.  The rice was done so I covered the top of the pan and turned off the burner, and continued stirring up the other mixed ingredients.  I looked at the clock.  It was already 10 to 5:00pm.  Tyler hadn’t texted me, so he was running on time.  I quickly dumped the veggies and chicken into a large bowl and put it on the table and did the same with the rice.  I sprinted to his bedroom to throw on my dress and the stiletto’s Jamie had packed for me.  Gosh they were tall.  Hopefully I wouldn’t fall over while greeting him.  I did a once over in the mirror.  The push up bra did wonders and gave me awesome cleavage in the strapless dress that snug to my body.  I was showing quite a bit of thigh, and I was shocked how sexy I looked and felt.  Hopefully Tyler would feel the same way when he saw me.  I walked into the kitchen and decided to try and clean up a little.  Fortunately I didn’t make a huge mess, and it was easy to clean.  Just as I was about to close the dishwasher I heard the door open.
I smoothed over my dress and ran my fingers through my hair.  Taking a deep breath I went to meet him in the dining room he would most likely cross through.
I saw him in the front entry way taking his coat off and putting his briefcase down.  I bit my lip in anticipation of him turning to see me and the dinner I had made for us.  He did a double take as he hung his coat on the coat rack and flashed me a huge smile.  He walked over and leaned on the wide archway that separated the entryway and the dining room.
“Well this is very nice to come home to,” his voice was low and raspy.  I walked over to him from behind the table that was lit by candles and dressed with steaming hot food for the two of us.  He held his hand out to me, and I gave it to him immediately.  He gave me a once over as his eyes grew large and greedy.  He twirled me with his hand to get a full circle view of my outfit.
“I like what Jamie packed for you,” he said, his eyes smoldering.  I blushed under his stare.  Before I knew it, he grabbed me and swiftly switched places with me so I was pushed up against the archway and bombarded me with his lips.  His kiss was forceful and needy.  I grasped his hair with my hands trying to pull him in closer to me.  Tyler’s hands were on my hips and were pulling up my dress.  Before I knew what was happening he had my leg wrapped around him and was unbuttoning his pants.
Wow, he was getting to the point.
I gasped as I felt his hands move my thong to the side and pushed inside of me.  He blinked his eyes for a long second and groaned then removed his hand and filled me.  
Holy crap, I wasn’t expecting that!  When did he put the condom on? 
I felt a little nervous, but I could definitely tell he had put one on.  His pace was so fast and unexpected that I didn’t know how to react.  I moved my hands from his hair to his shoulders and tipped my head back against the archway.  He was breathing heavily into my neck, I doubted he would last long at this pace, and as nice as it felt, I was feeling a bit off by his sudden assault.  I had to push what happened in Florida out of my mind, knowing that Tyler was different, and that I was safe with him, because this quick attack felt a lot like my previous experience. 
Well I was right, it didn’t take long for him to finish.  He stilled inside me as his chest heaved against mine.  He brought his head from my neck to my cheek and gave me a gentle kiss, letting his lips linger on my skin.  I ran my hands along his biceps and dropped my leg as he pulled himself out of me.
He cleared his throat and said, “I’ll be right back, you can start without me.”
He took his hands from my hips and sauntered over to the bathroom.
What the hell just happened?
I straightened my dress and stood with a blank face, trying to figure out where his passion, or stress, had originated.  I tried really hard not to feel weird about it, but an unsettling feeling was rising in my stomach.
I was still standing in the entry way when Tyler came back from the bathroom.  He had taken his sport coat off and was still in his dress pants, shirt and tie.  His brows were furrowed and following the lines of the wood floors as he walked up to me.
He walked passed me without saying a word and pulled out the chair gesturing for me to sit down.  I cautiously sat and pulled up to the table.  He wouldn’t look at me.  Did I do something wrong?  
Tyler took the chilled wine out of the bowl and popped the cork.  Pouring wine in both of our glasses he said, “How was your day?” He still wouldn’t look at me.
A lump was starting to form in my throat. “It was fine,” my voice was barely a whisper.  He took a long swig of his wine and sat down across from me in silence.
When he finally looked up at me the expression on his face was startling.  His eyes were red and glossy.  Is that why he went into the bathroom because he was upset?
“Are you okay?” I said with concern.  He tilted his head and sighed.  
“Becca, I… I’m so sorry.  I can’t believe I just did that to you,” he gasped into his hands.  His elbows were on the table as he covered his eyes.
I jumped up and walked over to him, putting my hands on his shoulders.  “Tyler, what’s wrong?”  He slowly turned his body and pulled me onto his lap, still refusing to look at me.  I put his face in my hands and forced him to look at me.  His eyes were glassy and threatening tears.  He buried his head into my chest and wrapped his arms around me squeezing me tight. 
“Please talk to me,” I begged.
He took a deep breath in and kept his head on my chest.  “I’m just mad at myself.  I just fucked you, and I said I would never do that to you.”
I stayed silent, hoping he would explain himself better. 
He gazed up at me.  “I’m not used to normal relationships, and I want ours to be perfect.  I never wanted to just pound you into a wall like that.  I always want there to be a connection, like the other times we have been together.”
“Is that what your past relationship was like?” I asked, afraid of what his answer would be.
His expression held his answer.  His eyes were so sad.  There was obviously more to his story than what he wanted to tell me.  I knew where he was coming from when it came to wanting to keep quiet about his past.  I had enough secrets in my closet as well.
I held his face and gave him the best smile I could.  “Well Mr. Conklin, good thing you have time to make it up to me.”  A smile crept across his face.  His eyes were still sad, but hopefully I could get his mood to shift.
I slowly stood up and started to walk back to my seat.  “Eat please, before it gets cold.”  I scolded him.
“It looks great,” he said appreciatively.  “I take it you went to find a store?”
I nodded at him while putting some rice on my plate.  “I ran into Nathan at the gym, and he told me where one was,” I spoke the words carefully while watching his reaction.
He stopped mid scoop and blinked at me.
“I don’t think he believed your cover story…”
His lip quirked, “Yes, I think you are right.  Fortunately he knows how to keep his mouth shut.”  He continued scooping food onto his plate. 
“He has a condo here, too?” I said.  He finished chewing his first bite, “Yes, he’s on the next floor up.  Mitch is one down from me.”  Tyler took another bite of food.
“Oh, and he also told me to tell you to stir your peanut butter?” I told him with a confused expression. 
Tyler nearly choked on his food.
“What was he talking about?” 
He shook his head back and forth trying to contain his laughter.
“It’s nothing we want to discuss over dinner,” he laughed.
His mood was beginning to shift and it made me happy.  I wanted the fun carefree Tyler to hang out with the rest of the weekend.  
Tyler finished his food before I did and sipped on his wine.  His eyes were on me the entire time.  I felt odd being under his stare and didn’t want to finish my food because he was watching me so intently.
“I hope you liked it,” I said, sipping my wine.  Tyler put his wine glass down and ran his fingers down the base of the glass.  “It was great.  I’m looking forward to dessert,” he said cocking his head to the side.  
Shoot, I forgot about dessert.  “Sorry, I didn’t make anything.  We could go get something if you want?”
A sly grin spread across his face, “Oh, I think you did.  You’re not wearing that dress just for the fun of it.”  He stood up and walked over to me.  I kept drinking my wine, trying to rid the embarrassment from my face.  He took my wine from my hand and set it back down on the table.  He leaned on the table and ran his thumb across my cheek to my lower lip.  My eyes were locked on his.  I couldn’t move my mouth because I was so caught off guard by his gesture.
“How about, you go run a bath, while I clean this up,” he said, his words were slow and deliberate as his eyes smoldered into mine.
I gulped.  I had just taken a shower maybe an hour ago.  Why did he want me to take a bath?  He sensed my confusion.  “I’ll come join you, if you don’t mind…”  His voice trailed off but his eyes were fixated on me.  I wasn’t so sure about being in a bath with him, but if I got it started, I wouldn’t have to get in with him watching my every move.
“Okay,” I finally mustered the strength to say.  
He took my hand and helped me stand up.  His eyes trailed down my body, all the way to my very high heels, then back up.  “I hope one day you will let me help you out of your dress with the lights on,” he groaned.
I squirmed under his stare.  Then a thought crossed my mind as my squirm faded and bravery kicked in. 
“Will you unzip it for me?” I asked.  His eyes widened as I turned around so my back was facing him.  I heard him swallow as he moved my hair to my shoulder.  I felt his hand start at my neck and move down to the zipper, slowly pulling the clasp down to my lower back.  He kissed my neck as his hands touched the bare skin of my back.
“I better go start the bath.  Try not to take too long.”  I said with my best flirty tone while walking away.  I heard him let out a gasp and then the sound of plates clinking.  A slinky smile crossed my face.  
Once I got to the bathroom I had realized what I said.  I must have sounded like an idiot!  I quickly turned on the faucet and willed it to hurry up and fill the bath.  I found some bubble soap and fragrance oils to put in the ostentatious marble tub.  They hadn’t been opened, so it was safe to say he hadn’t taken a romantic bubble bath with anyone before.  The sooner the water would fill up, the sooner I could hide amongst the bubbles.  I didn’t want him to think I was ready for him to see me in full form.  When I let him unzip my dress I probably led him on.  Once the tub was halfway full, I shimmied out of my dress and threw my bra and thong on the ground next to it.  I caught my body standing in Jamie’s stilettos in the mirror.  The extra height made my body not look as frumpy, and for once, I felt okay as I stared at myself in the mirror.  I quickly pulled myself out of my trance and yanked the heels off to climb in the tub.  I took the hair tie off my wrist to throw my hair up so it wouldn’t get wet.  It wasn’t the best pony tail I ever made, but I didn’t mind strands of hair falling out of it.
The water was warm and refreshing and I instantly relaxed.  Just as I was turning off the faucet Tyler came sauntering into the bathroom.  He started to undo his tie and unbutton his shirt.  I kept my head low in the bubbles.  He moved over by the door and flicked a few switches.  The lights started to dim and soft classical music started to play in the background.  It was quite the mood setting, and I wondered if he had swooned other women in this bathtub.  I quickly pushed the thought out of my mind.  He said he didn’t really have relationships, and he made it sound like he only had done ‘quick fucks’, so romance probably wasn’t a part of his usual repertoire.  
“Still okay if I join you?” he asked, pulling off his white undershirt.  I nodded my head, hiding in the bubbles.  He was going to undress in front of me.  I had obviously seen parts of him, but not all at once in the open.  He started to undo his pants, and I turned my head to the wall, looking at the intricate tile.  I heard him let out a soft chuckle as he pulled his pants down.  
The water swooshed around the tub as Tyler sat down across from me.  He reached for my foot and started to rub it.  I finally turned my head to look at his grinning face.
“You don’t have to be so shy you know,” he said, his face alight with humor.  
I bit my lip, trying to contain my blush.  I didn’t know what to say to him.  Here I was naked in a bubble bath with Mr. Secretive.  Maybe now would be the time to try and dig a little deeper into what it was he was hiding.  
“So when I was talking to Nathan today he said your mom was hoping you and your brothers would come visit her more when she gave you the condos.”
He rolled his eyes and took my other foot in his hands.  “Yeah, I don’t know why.  She wasn’t exactly mother of the year.  She was more interested in keeping up with her social circle than being our mother.”
My mother wasn’t always the greatest either, but we still got along.  I still loved her, and I couldn’t imagine life without her.  What could his mother have done to him that caused so much animosity?  
“How often do you see her?” I asked.
He shrugged his shoulders.  “I don’t know, holidays, company parties.”
“Does she call you a lot?”
“Probably once or twice a week.  I don’t always talk to her though.”
“And you only see your dad at work?” 
“Mainly yes, and major holidays.”
“Was your dad not around a lot when you were younger?”
He set my foot down on the outside of his thigh and pulled my calves up so I would slide forward in between his legs.  He put his hands on my hips.  “Why all the probing questions?”
Shoot, I had been caught.  “I’m just trying to get to know you better,” I said, trying to sound nonchalant.  His hands ran to my back and pulled me closer to him, the inside of his elbows embracing my knees.  It was surprisingly comfortable. 
“My mom is more enthralled with her wine than she is with me.”
I tilted my head, “If she’s calling you a few times a week I’m sure she wants to be in your life.  Maybe you should give her another chance?”
Tyler rolled his eyes and sighed, bringing his hands so they were behind his head.  His biceps looked huge.  He was so handsome even with a scowl on his face.  I sat up and straddled him while putting my arms around his neck.  He seemed startled by my action.
“Hey, don’t be mad.  Nathan just made it sound like you didn’t like your parents; I’m just trying to figure out why.”
“Weren’t you the one avoiding your mother’s phone calls so you wouldn’t have to go to your family dinner a few weeks ago?” he said accusingly.
“Yes, but I’m also the one who was willing to not come here with you unless I got back in time to go to family dinner.”  
He gazed at me as though he didn’t know what to think.  Maybe he didn’t know what a normal family was?  From what I had concocted in my brain, his dad didn’t make time for his family, and his mother was trying to cope with her husband not being there for her.
“Come with me tomorrow.”
Tyler furrowed his eyebrows.  “To your parent’s house?”  I nodded my head while biting my lip. He looked to be struggling with something internally.  
“Becca I don’t know…”
He was worried about my dad.  Not the normal worried for his approval, but worried about it getting out that we were seeing each other outside of work.
“My dad won’t say anything.  He understands how important it is to not mix your social life with your work life.  Although I know there is more to it than that…” I trailed off.  His hands were suddenly around me.
“Stop it,” he spat.  “Stop thinking like that.  It’s my own issues, not because of you.”
“What issues?”  I said, sounding angry.
He tilted his head back and groaned.  “It’s my dad, okay; I don’t want him to know we are together.”
There it was in black and white.  He didn’t want his father to know.  Not wanting him to have a sour mood the rest of the evening I decided to drop it.  I could drill him on why another time.
“Okay.  But will you come with me tomorrow?  I promise my family won’t say anything.”  I rubbed my nose against his, trying to get a smile to cross his face.  My pleading seemed to work because his arms held me tighter and a half smile came across his lips.
“Okay I’ll go with you.  Can we please enjoy the bath now?” he said, moving his hands from my shoulders to my behind giving each cheek a gentle squeeze.  I giggled and squirmed.
“Why did you want to take a bath anyway?” I asked, pressing myself against his chest.
He swiftly laid me back against the tub wall and took a washcloth from the built in shelf.  He put some body wash on it and rubbed it together and started to wash me everywhere.  
“What, you wanted to wash me?  I did this an hour and a half ago.  I could have saved you the trouble.”  I giggled as his hand brushed against my side.
“I want to kiss you all over,” he said moving his hands in between my thighs.  I sucked in air as his hand made contact with my most intimate place.  “I want you to feel comfortable.”
I closed my eyes and took in a breath.  The texture of the washcloth felt so different.  Then my eyes popped open and I realized what he meant by kissing me all over.  He had a sexy smile spread across his face.  I grabbed his wrist and he furrowed his eyebrows at me.
“What?” he asked.
I bit my lip, afraid to tell him how much of a wimp I was for not wanting him to kiss me there.
He shook his head smiling.  “I think we are clean enough.”  He lazily climbed out of the tub and wrapped a towel around his waist then grabbed another towel and held it out for me to step into.  My legs wouldn’t move under his stare.  He rolled his eyes then closed them.  “I won’t look,” he said, trying to hide his amusement.
I carefully climbed out of the tub into the towel he held open for me.  Keeping his eyes closed he helped me wrap it around my body, rubbing my shoulders with his hands.  He slowly opened his eyes, his lips still containing the same amused smile.  Tyler leaned in and kissed me gently.
“I’m glad you came with me this weekend,” he said against my lips.  I grinned into his mouth.  “Now let me pay you back for when I left you hanging earlier.” My grin quickly faded as I looked at him wide eyed.
His sexy smirk spread across his face as he ushered me to the bedroom.  “Why don’t you lie down?” Tyler couldn’t contain the excitement in his eyes.  I sat down on the bed holding the towel around my body.  Tyler went over by the dresser and pulled out a remote that dimmed the lighting.  I was half expecting music to start playing like it did in the bathroom.  He pulled back the covers on the other side of the bed and urged for me to climb in.  I kept the towel around me and scooted over to the other side of the bed where he had pulled the red covers back.  He leaned over me, causing me to lie down underneath him as his lips found mine.  They were so soft and welcoming.  I ran my hands down his chest.  He was still damp from the bath water.  “What are you going to do to me, Tyler?” I whispered into his mouth.
“Oh baby doll, I’m going to kiss you all over,” his voice was so low and intense, I felt like my heart was going to jump out of my chest.
His lips grazed my jaw down my neck and to my chest.  His hand was on mine, slowly moving it away from its tight grip on the towel.  He pulled the towel to the side exposing my breasts.  I tried to stop my body from quivering, but there was no use.  The second his tongue touched my delicate skin I gasped.
“Relax please,” Tyler’s words were muffled from entrapping my skin between his lips.  I didn’t know where to put my hands so I settled for grasping the sheets.
He traced his tongue down to my navel and then trailed kisses to my hipbone, drawing a line with his lips to my other hipbone.  His breath was ragged now.   He trailed his lips down my hip to the top of my thigh, getting closer and closer.  My body started to tremble, whether it was from anticipation or fear, I wasn’t sure.
“Tyler…” I whispered, gently grabbing a fist full of his hair.  I tried to pull him up, but he fought me and kept creeping closer to my intimate area.  I yanked a little harder, my nerves taking over.  He grunted and looked up, grasping my wrists from his hair.
“Would you relax?” he groaned, his eyes wildly looking into mine.  “I’m going to do this, and you aren’t going to want me to stop.”  Before I could further protest his mouth was on me and I gasped.  The warmth of his breath combined with the smoothness of his tongue caused me to shiver.
Tyler grunted into me, causing my skin to vibrate, it was so hot.  His hands were wrapped around my thighs holding my legs opened.  I felt so exposed, but at the same time I didn’t want him to stop.
“Tyler, please,” I begged, grabbing another fistful of his hair.  As good as it felt, I wanted him to be inside me in other ways.  He slowly shook his head, his tongue moving from side to side, causing a completely different sensation to unfold.  I groaned loudly and arched my back.  He moved his tongue up higher and made a circling motion.  My breathing became erratic, and if it didn’t feel so amazing I would be embarrassed.  I found my hands pushing him down versus pulling him up.  He grunted again, “Do you like that?” 
His muffled words turned me on.  Instead of circling me with his tongue, he started to suck and my whole body quaked. Just when I thought I couldn’t take it anymore, he moved his finger in and out of me ever so slowly.  I couldn’t contain it anymore, I had to let go.  I never thought I could shake from my insides out.  Tyler continued to move his tongue on me while my body simmered down, except the simmering was turning back into a boil.
“Tyler, please, I want you to be inside of me,” I pleaded.
I gasped as he entered me, but it wasn’t with what I originally wanted.  His tongue was a tease, and I couldn’t take it anymore.  His hands and mouth switched places as he gently caressed where he was sucking early with his fingers.  My skin was boiling again, and before I knew it, the water was going to be all over the stove.
I moaned again, digging my nails into his shoulders.  I didn’t think I could come again so fast.  He clearly knew what he was doing.  The need for him grew so strong.  “Ty, please,” I begged.  Finally, he crawled up my body, and his mouth was on mine, kissing me passionately.  It was weird at first because I could taste myself, but the need in his kiss made the awkwardness fade away.  I ran my hands across his back, urging him inside of me.  I could care less about a condom at this point.  All I wanted was the closeness.  He fought against me though and reached over to the end table drawer.  I heard the familiar sound of foil.  He ripped the top off with his mouth.  His eyes were as wild as mine.  His self-control was beyond me, and I’m sure afterwards I would be grateful for it.  He quickly rolled the condom on and was inside of me before disposing of the wrapper.  I could hear it crinkling in his fist as he thrust.  I pulled him into me, feeling as though I could never get enough of him.   He wrapped an arm underneath my back as I moved my hips higher, trying to reach that magic spot once again.  He slowed his speed down knowing that was what I needed if I was going to come again.  I didn’t care if I would come again.  All I wanted was him to fill me, our bodies entwining.  He pushed inside of me and stopped moving.  The anxiety of waiting for him to move was making me mad, and the familiar pull was starting to rise to the surface again.  I moaned into his mouth and pushed my hips up trying to create some friction.  His breathing became ragged, “Becca slow down… ahh,” his voice turned raspy and needy.  He was about to lose his control and that was what I needed to tip me over the edge.  He pushed into me one last time, his body twitched, and I lost it again.  My eyes rolled back and I let out one last moan.  Tyler’s body relaxed on top of mine, his breath slowing in my ear.  My hands were trembling as I tried to lay them on his biceps.  
Tyler rolled over on his back and pulled me to his side.
“You’re still shaking baby,” he said holding me close.  He pulled my hand to his lips and kissed it tenderly as my fingers shook.  “Are you going to be okay?” 
I nodded my head into his shoulder.  
“I think I proved my point,” he said cockily.
“What point is that?”
“That you weren’t going to want me to stop.”  His smile was smug as I blushed under his stare.  His eyes softened at my embarrassment.  He picked me up so I was on top of him, holding my face so I couldn’t hide in the nook of his shoulder.
“Are you okay?”  His face was serious.
“I’m wonderful,” I said all doughy eyed.  His serious expression turned back into one of amusement.  “I don’t think I can move my legs.”  I sighed, laying my head down on his chest.  
He laughed.  “Good thing we don’t have to go anywhere, and it’s only a little after 7:00pm.”
I took a deep breath , closing my eyes and feeling utterly content with Tyler stroking my back ever so gently.  His chest smelled wonderful, like the oils I had poured into the bath.   We stayed like that for what felt like hours, not thinking of anything that was complicated or taxing.  Just as I was beginning to doze, Tyler’s phone started to ring from the bathroom.  He grumbled and squeezed me. “I should go get that,” he muttered, lazily moving me to the side and climbing out of bed.
I grabbed a pillow and hugged it as I watched him in the dim light, for the first time seeing him in all his glory.  Wow.  Now I really never wanted to stand in front of him completely naked.  I watched him bend down to pick up his phone out of his pants pocket.  He stared at the number with his head tilted to the side as though he was contemplating answering it.  The phone stopped ringing before he picked up.  He took a deep sigh and sauntered back into the bedroom, pulling out a pair of gym shorts and slipping them on. 
“Who was it?” I asked.
He glanced up at me then back to his phone.  “My mother.”
“Are you going to call her back?” I tried not to sound too hopeful as I sat up, still holding the pillow to my chest.  
He bit his lip and shook his head no.  I let my shoulders fall.  “Well, I need to call my mom.  Give her a heads up that I won’t be attending dinner alone.  I should probably call Jamie to see if she’s going to come.  My mom is a big planner,” I said rolling my eyes.  Tyler smiled and leaned over to kiss me.
“You wouldn’t be willing to get my phone for me, would you?”  My voice was small as I grabbed the pillow closer to my chest. 
His mischievous grin spread across his face, “If I say no will you get up and get it?”  I frowned and cocked my head to the side.  I didn’t want to roam across his condo naked in search for my phone.  Knowing him, he would follow behind me with his greedy blue green eyes.
He let out a low hum, “Fine… I’ll go get it for you.”  He kissed my forehead and left the room.  Once he left a smile of triumph spread across my face.  I jumped out of bed and grabbed a T-shirt out of his drawer and went into my suitcase to put on one of the lacy black boy short panties Jamie packed for me.  Just as I was getting somewhat dressed Tyler came back with a frown on his face.
“Why did you put clothes on?” he asked with confusion in his voice.  I shrugged my shoulders.
“I don’t know.  Why did you put shorts on?”  
He raised a tempting brow.  “I had to get up and get your phone.  I do like these though,” he said caressing the curve of my behind that touched the top of my thigh.  “These look familiar.”
I looked at him quizzically.  I don’t think I had worn these in front of him before?  
His mischievous grin came back as he spoke.  “The first night I brought you home when you were too drunk to take your pants off yourself, that’s when I saw them on you... but there is only one way to make sure,” he said, his grin expanding.
Before I knew it he lifted me up, causing me to squeal.  He threw me on the bed and lifted my shirt up so he could examine the lace.  His eyes widened as he crawled on top of my legs.
“Oh, yes… these are the ones,” he said, making way to rub his nose along the fine lace. 
I giggled and squirmed underneath him, “Tyler, stop!”
His eyes were filled with amusement as he dipped his head down to kiss my intimates over the black lace.  “Yes, I haven’t been able to stop thinking about how good you must taste since I saw you in these.”  He kissed me again. “Ever since the scent of you entered my nose from that night I haven’t been able to think straight.”
Before he could kiss me again, I pulled on his hair.  This time he came up to my face right away, his face glowing with mirth.  “Are you kidding? You could smell me?”  I was mortified.  All night I had been dancing and sweating.  That must have been why he wanted me to take a bath before he assaulted me with his mouth this evening.  How embarrassing!  
It was as though he could read my mind.  “It took everything in me to not start kissing you that night.  My head was in such a fog because of how awesome you smelled.”  
I whipped my head back into the bed.  “You have to be joking?”
He shook his head from side to side, brushing his nose against mine.  “You denying me has been torturous.  Did you have a bad experience with it before?” He asked.
I thought for a moment, “Not really.  I mean, my ex-boyfriend only did it a few times, and I was never comfortable with it.  He was very ho hum about it.  He told me it tasted funny once.”
Tyler wrinkled his nose, “Are you sure he isn’t gay?”
I laughed out loud.  Connor telling Ashlynn he was gay would be the highlight of the century. 
My laughter was cut off by Tyler’s phone ringing again.  He pulled it from his pocket and sighed again.
“Why don’t you just answer your phone and talk to her?  Maybe it’s important?”  I said apathetically.  He kept his eyes on his phone, then just when I thought the ringing was going to stop he brushed the screen with his thumb and said hello.
I couldn’t hide the smile that crept across my face.  I grabbed my phone from the bed where Tyler threw it and went into the other room to call my mom.  
“Becca!  It’s so nice to hear from you dear!” my mother said answering the phone on the first ring.  “I haven’t heard from you in a while, are you planning on coming over tomorrow?  Heather and Michael will be here.  I would love to have you all home.”  Her voice was heartwarming.  As crazy as she was, she loved having us all together.
“Yes, I’m planning on coming.  Do you, um… mind if I bring someone with me?”  I asked, trying to sound indifferent.
“Well of course you can bring Jamie dear.  You know she’s always welcome.”  She sounded as if I was the crazy one now.
I stared at the ceiling.  I might be in over my head with this.  “No, not Jamie.  I’m not sure what she’s doing tomorrow.  I’ll let you know if she can come when I get a hold of her.”
“Oh?” My mother’s curiosity was piqued.  “Are you bringing a boy?” she questioned, trying not to sound excited.  I rolled my eyes.
I leaned over the kitchen island.  “Please don’t look too much into it.  We are friends… and I think a semi-normal family dinner would be good for him.”
“Semi-normal?”  Her voice sounded offended.
“Yes, our family is on the verge of insanity.  Just please, don’t make a big deal of it?” I pressed.
“Since when do I make a big deal of things?”
“Since always.  I’ll see you tomorrow, okay?” 
“Alright sweetheart, see you tomorrow.”
“Bye.”
I hung up the phone and started to send Jamie a text asking if she would be joining us tomorrow at my parent’s house.  As I hit send, Tyler came up behind me and put his hands on my hips, pulling me into him.  I smiled wide as I set my phone down on the counter then spun around to face him.
“How was your mom?” I said crossing my arms.
His composure was casual.  “Fine.  She wanted to see me tomorrow.  I told her I had plans.”
“See, it wasn’t that bad to talk to her now was it?”
He put his hands on my hips and lifted me on the counter.  Cozying himself in between my legs.
“Yes, it was,” he scowled.  “Did you tell your mom you were going to bring me with you tomorrow?”  I nodded my head and pulled his face to mine so I could kiss him to try and rid him of his pout.  After I kissed his lips it was still sort of there, so I kissed his nose, and it was half way gone.  I gave him another kiss and a smile started to play on his lips.  I ran my hands through his hair.  The gel from this morning was gone, and his hair was still messy, some of it flopped on his forehead.  It was simply adorable.  I was a little disappointed he had put on a T-shirt.
“Did you tell your mom you were bringing your boyfriend to dinner?” he asked.
My smile faded as I bit my lip.  Was that what he was?  My boyfriend?  The thought made my heart pound.  
“Is that what you wanted me to say?” I asked while searching his eyes.
He brushed my bangs farther to the side so it was away from my eye.  “Isn’t that what I am?”
I couldn’t read what he wanted me to say.  Maybe he was feeling the same way, afraid to say the wrong thing.  But he was the one who wanted to be secretive and was worried about his dad finding out and my dad saying something.
“I thought you were worried about my dad, so I told her I was bringing a friend and to not read into it.”  For a slight second there was hurt in his eyes, but he tried to hide it with a grin.  “Hey,” I said, taking his face in my hands again.  “I care about you… a lot.  I just… I don’t want to cross a line and have you freak out and not talk to me again.”
His eyes hardened as he held my wrists, still keeping my hands on his face.  “I don’t have any lines.  I told you, I just don’t want my dad to find out.  Insinuating I don’t want him to find out would mean we are together.”
Well how was I supposed to know that?  “You haven’t asked me to be your girlfriend or anything,” I teased, trying to lighten his mood again.
It worked.  A sexy smile spread across his face.  “So I’m getting all of this for free?”  I huffed and smacked his chest.  I would have been offended if he hadn’t have said it so playfully.
“I’m kidding!”  He wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me as close to him as he could.  Looking me in the eyes with the same playfulness he asked, “Becca, will you be my girlfriend?”
A part of me wanted to play with him, but the words came off my lips before I could think, “Yes.”  I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him.  His hands started to run up the back of my T-shirt as he hummed into my mouth. Just as his hands were about to wander to my front, a chime went through the house.  Tyler pulled away and took me off the counter.  “I ordered some dessert from the restaurant downstairs.  I think you will be pleased to see what I got.”  His eyes were glittering with excitement as he walked through the dining room to the front door.  I crossed my arms.  Great.   Just what I needed.
I heard muffling as he talked to the delivery man then the closing of the door.  He walked into the kitchen carrying a silver platter.  He set the platter down on the island.  I was standing on the opposite side of the island, studying the covered platter.  He searched through the drawers and pulled out two forks then came back.  As he pulled the top off his eyes were on me.
Shit.  It was a massive piece of tiramisu.  It looked amazing.  I gulped as I stared at it, biting my lip.  Why did he get this?  I couldn’t tempt myself with it.  I wouldn’t be able to stop, then I would find myself reaching for a snickers bar at the airport, and before I knew it I would be eating a package of Oreo’s every night.
Tyler watched me as I examined the dessert.  He pushed one of the forks across the counter over to me.  I kept an arm around my waist as I bit my nail nervously.
Tyler kept watching me.  I closed my eyes and shook my head.  “I’m not hungry.”
“You just undressed that with your eyes,” Tyler said pointing his fork at the layers of chocolate.
I closed my eyes for a long second biting my lip.
Tyler set his fork down and walked over to me.  “I’ve picked up that you have issues with food, and I get it.  I won’t be a nagging boyfriend about what you eat.”  He pulled my chin up so I would look at him.  My eyes were starting to glaze over.  I didn’t want him to know about my struggle with food.  I never binged and purged, and I never didn’t eat.  I just had trouble with what to eat and when. “But if you stop eating altogether, then I’ll get on your case about it.”
I pulled my face from his grasp and wiped my eyes.  No one had ever said anything like that to me.  My mom was constantly watching what I put in my mouth, analyzing every calorie, gmo, and fat content.  Ashlynn would insinuate I needed to watch what I ate, but constantly threw junk in my face, while Jamie helped me to gain control of when to eat what and tried to give me balance.  No one ever said they understood why I was the way I was.
“Becca…”
“Don’t,” I whispered, trying to fight back tears.  I had the urge to put on a parka.  My thighs suddenly felt huge, and I wanted more than anything to put on more items of clothing. I started to back up into the living room, wanting to hide in the couch.
Tyler grabbed my hand and pulled me back to him so I was flush with his chest and held me.  Having his arms wrap around me tightly and his head buried in my hair made it hard for me to not want to cry into his chest.  He nuzzled my neck and his scruff tickled me.  I wiggled in his arms.  Once he realized it tickled, he did it again but more forcefully.  I let out a giggle, and I could feel his smile on my neck as he kept nuzzling me.
He pulled back and looked into my eyes.  “There is the smile I love.  I wish it would touch those beautiful light blue eyes you have.”
My lips quirked up a fraction.  He said he loved my smile and that I had beautiful eyes.  I touched his face with warmth and gratitude.  For the first time in my life I believed someone when they gave me a compliment.
“Do you care if I eat this?” he said, holding my hand against his face and nodding at the delectable dessert.
“Please do.”  As far as I was concerned that tiramisu needed to be either in the garbage or thrown out the window before my self-restraint collapsed.
His Conklin grin spread across his face.  “Can I eat it off you?”
I threw my head back and laughed whole heartedly. 
“What?”  Although his eyes were playful his words were wounded.
“That sounds like a sticky mess.  I wouldn’t want to ruin your high thread count sheets,” I said turning to go sit on the couch.  He stopped me and pulled me back to him, my back to his front as he stretched one arm around my shoulders holding me close. 
I felt his lips brush against my ear.  “That’s what showers and dry cleaning are for,” he whispered, then picked up the fork to take a bite of the dessert.
I leaned my head back on his shoulder.  “Showers?  I’m beginning to think you are obsessed with trying to get me naked.”
He moved his hand across my collarbone and whispered in my ear again.  “Can you blame me?  I’m sick of imagining.  I want to see the real thing.”  He took another bite of the dessert.
A frown spread across my lips.  Too bad his imagination was probably way better than the real thing.
After he swallowed his lips were on my neck.  “Can we try and watch the Batman movie again?”
I let a soft breath escape my smile as I put both my hands on his forearm that was spread across my collarbone.  “If you would hurry up and eat that we could,” I said, nodding my head toward the plate.
He laughed again and let go of me to focus on the sinful dessert.  We both sat down at the bar so he could finish the layers of chocolate.  Watching him eat it was a turn on, not because of the food, but how he swallowed and moved his lips.  I started to fantasize and picture his lips moving the same way on me.  A blush came across my face.  Fortunately he didn’t catch my stare.
“Uh, that was so good… I can’t finish it.”  He groaned, leaning back on the stool and stretching his arms above his head.  He had left maybe two bites.  I was impressed, it was a huge piece. 
He set his arm along the back of my barstool and gazed at me.  “I’ll take my shirt off for the movie, if you lick this off me,” he coaxed.
I tried to hide my amusement.  Like he wasn’t going to get naked anyway. 
“I think I’ll take my chances,” I teased.
“What?  You think I’m going to do it anyway?” He was attempting to sound offended, but he couldn’t stop himself from smiling.
I filled my eyes with seduction and stood up, swiveling his stool so I was standing in between his legs.  His head whipped back in apprehension.  I took the hem of his shirt in my fingers and slowly moved it up his chest.  He quickly helped me to take it off of him.  I examined his bare chest with my eyes and hands then leaned down to just above his navel and made a trail with my tongue up his chest, along his collar, and all the way up to his ear.  His chest rose along with my tongue, and he took a sharp breath in when my breath was in his ear.
“I don’t need to have chocolate to lick you,” I whispered.  He sucked in air and before I knew it I was off the ground, being carried back to his bedroom.



Chapter 16



I fluttered my eyes open, being greeted with an early sunrise upon the lively city.  The sky was lovely shades of pinks and purples, and I was glad we didn’t close the curtain.  Fingertips brushed my lower back up my spine then pulled my loose locks of hair to the side.  Warm lips grazed my shoulder where my hair had been pulled away.  I rolled so I was able to face the owner of the warm lips and fingertips that ever so gently stirred me awake.  My body was sore in all the right places as I rotated so I could snuggle up against Tyler.
I nuzzled his firm chest and intertwined my legs with his.  I put my hand on his muscular lower back as he entrapped me in his arms.  He continued his gentle kisses on my temple and cheeks, rubbing his nose along mine.
“Good morning,” he whispered, moving his lips to kiss my eye lashes.  I murmured good morning back, burying my head in his chest.  His body was warm and inviting, and I had no intentions of leaving his bed any time soon.
“Did you sleep okay?” his voice was soft.
“Yes, I think you put me in a coma,” I teased, tilting my head to kiss his neck.  I could hear his grin as he tipped his head to the side, allowing me to give his neck more kisses.
“Sorry, I can’t help getting frisky when I resituate in bed and my hand lands on your skin.”
“I am beginning to think you are always frisky,” I giggled, running my hand up his spine to his defined shoulder blades.
“Only when I’m around you or when I’m thinking of you.  You know I only have eyes for you, right?  I mean I would never touch anyone else the way I touch you,” he said, leaning up on his elbow and putting his hand on my cheek.  
“I know.  I trust you,” I said, leaning up to kiss the corner of his mouth.  I laid my head back down on the pillow.  He looked like he was in deep thought.
“You are the only woman I have ever really been able to touch.”  His words were laced with a hint of pain.  He was thinking about his past relationship.  I ached to know more, but I was terrified once he told me about it, he would want to know more about who I had been with, and I wasn’t ready to share.
“I love when you touch me, and I love that I can touch you, too,” I said giving him a heartfelt smile.  
He clenched his eyes shut, “You have no idea how much your touch means to me.”  
I gulped, afraid to ask the question it felt like he was begging me to ask.
“What happened with your past relationship?” I bravely said, hoping it wasn’t going to open up the can of worms I had been avoiding, and would avoid the rest of my life.
His eyes stayed closed as he laid flat on his back.  “Let’s just say it was forbidden, but I couldn’t stay away from the temptation.”
“Why?  Your parents wouldn’t approve?”
He opened an eye and had a trace of humor in it.  “They didn’t know about it.”
“Did her parents not approve?”  
His lips quirked up, “I’m sure they wouldn’t have,” he said.
I pulled up on my elbow so I could get a better look at his expression, hoping it would help me to understand.
“She was kind of our… nanny,” he said, biting his lip while sitting up against the headboard. 
My eyes widened.  “How old was she?  How old were you?”  I tried to hide the anger in my voice.  If she was his nanny, then he couldn’t have been very old, and she had to have been old enough to know better.
“I was 16.”
Oh, so he wasn’t as young as I thought he might have been.  
“Why did you still have a nanny when you were 16?”
He shrugged his shoulders.  “She more our laundry, cleaned, kept us in line.  I told you my mother was more interested in her social groups.  Besides, Mitch was four years younger than I was.  He still needed more attention at the time.”
“Which she was obviously giving to you instead,” I snorted.
He laughed at my expression.  “Maybe so, but it didn’t feel that way.”
I sat up next to him, holding a pillow to my chest.  His gaze was intense, waiting for my next question.
“How long did it go on?”
“Ten years,” he said quietly.  My mouth dried up.  Tyler fidgeted and ran his hands through his hair.  “It wasn’t a relationship though. We just fucked, quickly, and with our clothes on.  Like I said before, I was only allowed to touch her in certain areas, and she only touched me in certain areas.  It was always spontaneous and on her terms.”  His words were flustered and agitated.
Hearing him talk about having sex with someone else was unsettling. The fact that he sounded angry about it was worse.  Did he love her? Was he still in love with her?  
“Do you still see her?” I croaked.  I didn’t want to look at him.
“No.” His voice was chilling.  “I haven’t seen her since my grandfather’s funeral just over a year ago.”  He almost sounded bitter.
Tyler sighed and pulled me so I was on his lap.  “I don’t want to talk about this anymore.”
“Did you love her?” I whispered.
He didn’t say anything.  
There’s your answer.
I sighed and pulled away from him, climbing off the bed with the pillow.  I held it over my front and walked backwards to the bathroom.  “I’m going to hop in the shower,” I mumbled, my eyes not leaving the floor.  I closed the bathroom door behind me and turned on the hot water before he could say anything.
I basked in the hot water, trying to wrap my head around all that I just heard.  How did he have such a messed up relationship for so long?  She clearly controlled him, it was written all over his face as he talked about her.  What if she showed up on his doorstep again?  Would he do the same as he did to me earlier, be attracted and ram her against the nearest wall?  I shook my head.  I was being stupid.  How could I be mad about this?  I couldn’t be one to talk.  I had slept with dozens of random men in a very short period of time, and I loved someone in the past too, so much that I wanted to marry him.  If he could handle that, I could surely handle his extremely odd affair.  But I wouldn’t be able to handle him not talking to me.  I learned that not communicating was how to end a relationship, and I really, really liked Tyler.
I finished showering quickly, anxious to apologize to Tyler about getting weird with his hesitation.  I quickly brushed my teeth and hair then threw on one of the lacy undergarments Jamie had packed.  I was down to only a few thongs.  Uh… I just wanted some regular cotton!  I grabbed one and put it on with my jeans then tiptoed out to the bedroom.  I wanted to put on one of Tyler’s soft T-shirts.  I was disappointed to see ruffled sheets and no Tyler.  I went over to his drawers and pulled out a plain white undershirt.  It smelled like him.  I hugged myself, caressing the simple cotton, wishing they were Tyler’s hands instead of mine.  I ran out of the bedroom in hopes of finding him.  Maybe he was in his office?  Or in the kitchen trying to find something for breakfast?  Each time I looked for him and didn’t find him I was let down.  
When I made it to the kitchen there was a note on the table.

Went to the gym.  Be back in a little while. -Tyler

I frowned.  Was he avoiding me?  The last thing I wanted was to push him away.  Was it so wrong of me to feel uneasy after he told me he was fucking his nanny for ten years?  I moseyed over to the couch and plopped down on the big, soft cushions.  I curled up into the fetal position and sighed.  I just ruined our weekend.  We should have been cuddling and kissing in his bed, not talking about our past relationships.  Why did I have to ask so many questions?  I knew it was a bad idea.  I closed my eyes and tried to not think about anything.
Just as I was about to go into a deep sleep I felt a presence next to me.  I kept my eyes closed, still feeling the tiredness trying to take over my body.  A soft whisper came into the air.  I’m sorry.  I felt a soft blanket fall around me.  It was warm and inviting.  
When I opened my eyes, no one was there.  I rubbed my eyes as I sat up.  I was a little light headed from sitting up so fast.  I must have fallen asleep.  The light was shining bright through the windows.  Once I felt like I was oriented again, I went in search for Tyler.  He must have been back and draped the blanket over me while I was asleep.  I searched the vast condo and finally came to the bedroom.  As I walked through the doorway, I heard the water in the bathroom turn on.  He must be taking a shower.  A thought crept into my mind, and I began to fidget with what my mind was telling me to do.  The bathroom did have a dimmer, and there weren’t any windows, so no light would be shining through.  I was so desperate to talk to him; I couldn’t wait until he was out of the shower.  I needed to gain the courage to walk into the shower with him and tell him what I had been processing in my head.
With my fingers trembling, I pulled off Tyler’s T-shirt and undid my jeans.  I crossed my arms and gently opened the slightly ajar bathroom door.  He wouldn’t be able to see me come in.  I tiptoed toward the shower and stepped in.  The shower didn’t have a door.  It was simply tucked back into its own place, almost like a closet.  The lighting was very dim already, so that made me a little more at ease.  He was facing away from me, so I got a glorious view of his shoulders and backside as he stood under the water.  Steam was rising from his skin.  His head was down, and his hands were on the tiled walls.  I bravely took a step in and slowly put my hand on his back. The only movement he did was a slight tilt of the head, as if he were going to turn and face me.  Once I knew he wouldn’t be startled, I wrapped my arms around his waist and pulled my naked body flush with his. I felt him take a deep breath under my hands.  I kissed his back and began to speak.
“I’m sorry about earlier.  I shouldn’t be bothered if you loved someone in the past,” my words were soft and hearty.  I felt like I could cry at any moment.  His body relaxed back into mine as he put his hand on mine.
“I never said I loved her,” his tone was laced with pain and confusion.  “From what I have been feeling lately, there was no way what I had with her was love.”
I squeezed him tighter, pressing my head to his back.  He slowly turned around, keeping our bodies pressed against each other.  His eyes never wandered from mine as he put his hands on my jaw.
“I don’t want to think about her anymore.  I just want to think of you.”  The pain was slowly fading away from his face and turning into something else.  Something that made my heart beat faster.  Something I wanted to feel so badly that I was terrified.
He leaned down, longingly looking at my lips, his eyes asking for permission.  I tilted my head up to him in response and kissed him.  His mouth moved slow and tenderly as he held my face in his hands.  He was savoring me and taking me in as though I was a precious and delicate gift that could shatter at any moment.
I slowly pulled back, keeping my nose to his.  
“You are scaring the hell out of me,” he whispered.  A shiver went down my spine as he moved his hands from my face down my back, pulling me as close to him as he could.  
I nuzzled his chest and brought my arms to his front as he held me tight. 
“Can I wash you?  I promise I won’t look,” he said into my hair.  He was serious.  He understood walking into this shower exposing my body to him was hard for me.  I knew he needed to touch me to know we were okay, so I nodded my head yes into his chest.  His arms unlocked from around me and reached for the body wash in the built in shelf.  He rubbed it in his hands and then gently started to massage the soap into my shoulders and back.  Once he was done with my back, I turned around so my front was facing away from him.  He eagerly reached around and rubbed more soap along my front.  I took a sharp breath when his hands reached my chest and lingered on them, massaging.  Tyler had his head buried in my neck.  I was suddenly aware how small they must feel compared to when I wore my miracle bra.
“Sorry, they aren’t that big,” I said, sucking in air from his gentle caressing.
“They’re perfect; my hands fit perfectly with them.  That’s all I need,” he said grasping both sides, causing me to arch my back into his hands.  He let out a soft moan from my reaction, and I felt the effect I was having on him rubbing against my lower back.
He moved his hands down to my belly, and I squirmed.  I still felt funny whenever someone touched me there.  Tyler must have noticed because he moved his hands over my hips and down my backside the second I started to wiggle.
I quickly turned to face him, still pushing myself against him since I was afraid of his eyes perusing my body, although he was already doing a good job not letting them meander.
I reached for the body wash and squirted some in my hand.  “I think I should return the favor.”
A hint of a smile crossed his lips as his eyes twinkled.  He never took his eyes away from mine as I moved my hands over his body.  When I reached lower, his shoulders fell and his eyes became heavy.  I gripped him tighter and a gasp of air escaped his nose while his eyes rolled.  He kept his hands on my hips, rubbing circles with his thumbs.
His breathing became harsher with each stroke I gave him.  “We should go into the bedroom,” his voice was raspy as he gripped my hips tighter.  
“No, you spent a lot of time on me last night, now it’s your turn.”
Before I knew it his lips were on me, kissing me passionately.



Chapter 17



The rest of the morning went by with ease.  I packed my things and we headed to the airport.  Tyler was dressed more casually this time.  It was nice for a change; I didn’t feel as frumpy standing next to him.  He was wearing relaxed faded light blue jeans and a black and white flannel button up.  His hair was his usual messy yet styled look, and he wore a pair of black Nike’s on his feet.  He looked young and carefree, the complete opposite of his business attire.  He looked amazing in both.  I had put on my jeans and a dark blue Polo sweater. 
The flight went quickly and before we knew it we were waiting for Cooper to pick us up outside of the airport.  Tyler loaded my bag as I slid into the back seat.  He quickly followed suit, not wanting the airport security to get on our cases for taking too long.  They were always hurrying cars along if they were lingering or taking their time in the pick up lane.
I crossed my legs and started to fiddle with my thumbs.  The nervousness was starting to settle in as I chewed on my lip.  I felt Tyler’s hand reach over to my knee.
“Shouldn’t I be the nervous one?” he joked.
I gave him a half smile and looked out the window.  He didn’t know my family.  Yes, this was my idea, and I think my family won’t do anything crazy, but as families go, they were unpredictable.  Jamie just so happened to go away on a “business” trip with Sean and wasn’t going to be joining us.  I switched legs and leaned into the door, gazing out the window, wondering if I shouldn’t have invited Tyler.  Yes, he needed to see a semi-normal family, and now that he was technically my boyfriend, although I couldn’t tell them that, I felt like I needed him to meet my parents.  My parents needed to know who he was, especially if I was going to be going out of town with him from time to time.  My mother would have called me highly irresponsible for going to a city with a man I had only known for a short period of time.
Tyler reached for my hand, “I don’t have to come with you if you’ve changed your mind about me meeting your family.  I won’t be offended.”  Although his words were sincere, I could see a gleam of hope in his eyes.  Hope that I still wanted him to come with me, and I really did want him to be there with me.  I squeezed his hand and gave him a reassuring smile.
“Of course I still want you to come.  My family can just be erratic and… fickle.”
“Fickle?” he said curiously.
I giggled, “Yes, fickle.  Do you not like my choice of words?”
“No, I just haven’t heard anyone actually use the word fickle.”  His smile was wide and infectious.
“There’s a smile,” he said leaning his head against the head rest while looking at me.
He was trying to calm my nerves, how sweet of him.  My heart fluttered under his lazy grin and I couldn’t help but return the same look.
Cooper dropped us at Tyler’s condo so we could get into the Maserati and make the trek to my parents’ house.  Tyler held my hand the entire way, calming my nerves for how my family might embarrass me in front of him.
We drove down the wooded driveway to my parents’ estate.  They lived on a golf course on the north side of town.  My parents had built the house when I was seven and they had no intention of moving.  It was way too big and unnecessary for two people to live in, but my mother loved it, and my dad really didn’t care, as long as she was happy.
We pulled up into the driveway of the finely manicured home.  It was dark and dreary out, a typical early November day in Michigan.  The mums in the yard were surprisingly vibrant with their burnt fall colors and the bushes were trimmed and ready to hibernate for the winter.  
I tightened the belt around my gray pea coat as I walked up to the front door.  Tyler walked beside me with ease.
“I’m just going to warn you, my mother doesn’t think before she speaks sometimes.  Take everything she says with a grain of salt, okay?”  I said just as we were walking up the steps to open the front door.
“Will do,” he said simply, pulling the storm door open for me to open the front door.  I turned the knob holding my breath, hoping this would all go smoothly.
Once the door opened, my mother gracefully came walking to the front entryway.  She was wearing what she traditionally wore on a Sunday, Polo khaki’s and a button up blouse with a Polo sweater over top.  My father would be dressed similar.  They always looked as if they were right out of a catalog.  She assessed me with a smile as I walked in, studying everything about me from my hair to my clothes.  I was used to this.  Then her eyes found Tyler and grew big, but quickly shifted back to me.  She wrapped her arms around me and squeezed.
“Becca darling!” she said rubbing my back.
“Hi Mom.  Sorry we are a little late.  This is Tyler, Tyler this is my mother, Missy Stine,” I said pulling away and gesturing toward Tyler.
Tyler held out his hand to her and flashed his dazzling smile.  I thought I saw my mother’s cheeks turn pink.  “Hi Mrs. Stine, I believe we met at the children’s hospital fundraiser a year back?  It’s lovely to see you again.  Thank you for letting me join your family this afternoon.”  His voice was full of charm.  
“Yes, I believe we did.  We are very happy you could join us,” my mother said shaking his hand with a smile.  “Well, come on in.  Heather should be here shortly, and Michael is with your father in the humidor downstairs.”
Tyler and I followed her through the hallway into the vast living room.   Tyler sat down on the plush yellow furniture in the open room.  The ceilings were sky tall and the room was decorated elegantly.  I sat down next to him on the couch waiting for my mother’s inquisition.  Tyler put his arm on the back of the couch behind me and gave me a reassuring smile.
My mother couldn’t contain the grin that was spreading across her face.  “Can I get you two anything to drink?  Water? Wine?  I believe there is some Sam Adams in the fridge.”
Before we could answer, my father and brother came into the room talking.
“I still don’t understand how you got your hands on those Cubans, Dad,” Michael said with confusion.  
“I told you, they were a gift,” my dad said, making his way to his favorite brown chair.  Before he sat down, he noticed Tyler and me sitting across the room.  He frowned, but then an expression came across his face like he had known all along.
Tyler stood up once my father’s eyes met his.  “Mr. Stine, nice to see you again, sir.”  Tyler said, holding his hand out to my father.  My father gave him a heartfelt smile and shook his hand. 
Oh, of course he already knew both of my parents, the up-and-coming mogul that he was. 
“It’s very nice to see you again too, Tyler.  I assume you aren’t here for business?”  my dad said, his eyes moving between Tyler and me.
“No business today.  Becca invited me to join your family for dinner.”
I stood up and gave my dad a big hug.  “Hi Daddy.”
My father’s face softened as I hugged him.  He loved his little girls.
Just as my dad let me go, Michael came up behind me and squeezed my side.  I jumped a mile and let out a yelp.
“Sup, Becca.  You better let up on the treadmill; those love handles are starting to disappear.”  he teased, trying to pinch me again.  
I hit his chest, “Do you have to do that every time you see me?”
Michael laughed as he wandered across the room into the kitchen, opening the fridge and pulling out an apple.  My mother was getting out wine glasses and cups for everyone.  
“Michael we are going to eat soon!” my mother scolded him as he took a loud bite.  “Max, why don’t you and Michael take Tyler downstairs to the bar and get him whatever he wants.  Becca, can you help me in the kitchen?”
I looked apologetically to Tyler.  He shrugged his shoulders as if it wasn’t a big deal and followed my obnoxious brother and father down into the walkout basement.
“Becca!”  My mother’s voice was in a harsh whisper.  “Why didn’t you tell me you were dating Tyler Conklin!”  I started to put ice in the cups.  Before I could muster something to say, she started talking again.
“He’s quite the catch, very successful and handsome.”  She almost had a hint of pride in her voice, maybe even a little shock.
“Yeah, he’s a great guy,” I agreed.  But the reasons I liked him weren’t the same reasons as my mother.  She would never understand that though.
“How long have you two been dating?  I can’t believe you didn’t tell me!” She pouted, pouring wine into glasses.
I rolled my eyes and turned to look at her.  “Mom, I told you not to look into this.  Yes, we are dating… but we want it to be kept quiet, because of work.”
My mom got that gleam in her eye.  “Okay, okay, I won’t pester you anymore about it, but I still wish you would have told me about him.”
My father and brother came rumbling up the stairs with Tyler behind them.  They were all laughing and holding beers in their hands.  I enjoyed seeing them all get along and seemed to be willing to accept Tyler.
The boys settled down in the living room while I helped my mother with the drinks and brought them into the dining room.  Normally she didn’t do this, the personal chef did.
“Where is Miss Ellie?” I asked.
“She had some family thing to attend.  She made a roast yesterday, and it’s heating in the oven.”
“And Roger?”
“He’s visiting his sister.  Since you didn’t need him to drive you he thought he would take the day off.”  She said, fidgeting with the silverware so it fit perfectly with the napkins.
My mother and I joined the boys in the living room.  I sat down in between Tyler and Michael on the couch.  Tyler instantly put his arm on the back of the couch, letting his fingertips rest next to my shoulder.
“So, Tyler…how long have you and Becca been dating?”  My mother blurted out while sitting next to my father in a similar brown chair. 
My face turned bright red.  I thought I just told her to drop this?
Tyler spoke, “A few weeks now.  We met at work.” He didn’t have a trace of unease in his body.  I was so thrown off by my mother’s question that my body was frozen to the cushion.
My dad leaned in his chair toward my mother and started scratching his chin.  
“Well, that is just lovely,” my mother damn near giggled.  She was overly enthused by Tyler and ecstatic by his infatuation with me.
“Yeah the last guy Becca dated was a real stiff,” Michael snorted.  “What the hell ever happened to that loser?”
My eyes went to the ceiling, pretending Michael wasn’t even here.
“Michael, I told you not to bring him up!” my mother scolded.
Michael gave a confused look, and then it hit him, “Oh that’s right, he’s tapping your hot little friend Ashlynn.  I don’t understand what she sees in him,” he said shaking his head.  My mother shot him a nasty look.
“I mean, I can’t stand that chick.  Don’t worry Becca, they’re both idiots,” he said looking flustered and a little embarrassed.
I rubbed my face with my hands, wishing they would all start talking about themselves instead of me, which is what they normally would do.
Before anyone else could say anything to mortify me further, Heather burst through the door holding Josie, with Ray behind her carrying a hefty diaper bag.  Josie squealed when Heather put her down and leaned against the counter with her hands on her belly.
“Auntie B!!!” she yelled running over to me.  Her little arms shot up to me, and I pulled her into my lap.  
“How is my favorite niece?”  I said pulling her in for a hug.  Her little fingers ran through my hair as she giggled.  She turned her head and saw Tyler then quickly burrowed into the other side of my chest away from him.  I smiled down at her.  She was so shy.  I lifted her up with me and walked over to Heather to give her a hug.
“How are you feeling?” I asked looking down at her swollen belly.  
She let out a loud grumble.  “Horrible.  This little beast seems to never sleep!”
Ray threw the bag on the floor next to the large island and ran downstairs, no doubt to find a beer.  My sister was very dramatic, and I’m sure she was laying it on thick for him.
My mother came over and took Josie from me.  She laughed and giggled in her arms as they went off to find some toys.
Heather looked over into the living room and saw the boys.  “Is that the boy mom said you were bringing?”  She gasped.  “Becca, he’s hot!”
I rolled my eyes at her.  Of course she had talked to my mom within the short time span.  They always talked.  “Can you not?  I mean, please don’t say anything stupid,” I said giving her a pleading look.
She scoffed at me, “I never say anything stupid.  It’s mom you should be telling to watch her mouth.”
I huffed, “Too late for that.”   
I introduced Tyler to Heather and Ray once they were settled and sitting in the living room.  Tyler greeted them with his unbelievable charm and poise.  It was weird to see him so relaxed with other people.  He was normally tight and right to the point with others, but then I guess that is the business side of him. 
Once the kitchen timer went off my mother and I pulled the food out of the oven and placed it along the antique dining table in the dining room.  The roast smelled amazing and was covered with root vegetables.  There was a big dish of mashed potatoes, gravy, and a basket of bread rolls.  I guess I would be sticking to the roast and veggies.  My mother called for everyone to come and sit down at the table.
Tyler sat next to me with my mother on my other side.  My father was at the head of the table, and Michael, Ray, and Heather were across from us.  Josie was sitting in her high chair next to Heather.  My father said grace quickly, and we all started to pass the food around.  It smelled delicious.  Miss Ellie was a marvelous chef.  I loaded my plate with veggies and a piece of the roast.  Tyler filled his plate full with everything that was on the table.  He offered me a roll, and I shook my head.  He gave me a smile and passed it across the table to Heather.  
“Gosh sis, are you going to eat anything today?”  Michael teased as he loaded his plate with potatoes.
“Leave her alone.  You know Becca has to watch what she eats,” my mother said waving at my brother.
I sunk in my chair.  Why did she say that?
“You should slow down on the rolls Heather dear.  Just because you are pregnant doesn’t mean you should be eating for two,” my mother said, passing me the broccoli.  Heather stopped mid-chew and narrowed her eyes at my mother.
“I haven’t eaten all day,” she snapped.  “Besides, the doctor said I needed to gain weight!”  
Ray rolled his eyes and took a long swig of his beer while my mother huffed.
“So, Tyler… you a football fan?” my father said, trying to change the subject.  
A boyish grin spread across Tyler’s face, “Yes, I love football.  I’m a huge Bears fan, and of course I love to watch the Michigan games.”
Michael let out a snort, “You know you are in a house that bleeds green, right?”
I rolled my eyes.  I didn’t bleed green.  In fact, no one else did except Michael.  He received his doctorate at Michigan State.
“Sorry, I bleed maize and blue,” Tyler shrugged.
“You went to school there, right?  Played baseball?” my father said, leaning forward over his plate.  How did he know so much about Tyler?
Tyler gulped and peered over at my father.  “Yes, I did.  First base.”
A hint of a smile peeked through my dad’s lips.  “So you’re not a fan of the Lions?” 
Tyler shrugged his shoulders again.  “I’m a fan if they aren’t playing the Bears.”
My dad let out a laugh and continued eating.  
“So Ray told me once the baby is six months old we could take a trip to Tahiti and relive our honeymoon!”  Heather spat out of the blue.  She was always like that, something popped into her head and it was off her tongue before the thought completely processed.
“Well that’s lovely!  Will you need us to watch the kids?” my mother asked.
Thank God my family had the attention span of a two year old.
We made it through dinner without any more invasive questions or awkward situations.  Heather dominated the table conversation, as she normally did, and I was grateful she listened to me when I said not to say anything stupid.  I helped my mother clear the table and started loading the dishwasher as the boys went down into my dad’s cigar room.  
Heather sat on one of the barstools with Josie on the table and started to braid her hair.  My sister may be a young mom, but she was really good at it.
“Tyler sure seems to have an eye for you, Becca,” Heather said as she absent-mindedly ran her hands through Josie’s hair.  “He watched you a lot during dinner and couldn’t take his eyes off you when you were clearing the table.”
I felt warmth go through my whole body, but for once it wasn’t embarrassing.    
“I don’t think he’s the only one who has got it bad,” my mother snickered.  “Hang on to him Becca.  I think he’s a keeper.”
“Let’s hope they aren’t scaring him off downstairs,” I laughed.  My dad wouldn’t do that; he was surprisingly easy going and had a soft spot.  But then again, his little girls were his soft spot.  I remember the look on his face when my mother told him Heather was pregnant.  I hope he never has that look with any surprises I might throw at him and a pregnancy was not going to be one of those surprises.  Well, at least not until I was married.
Michael and Ray emerged from the basement as mom and I finished the dishes. The fresh aroma of tobacco followed them.  Ray came up to Heather and put his hands on her shoulders.  He looked way more relaxed.  My dad must have given them the Cubans because Michael had a haze over his eyes as well.
“Ready to get going, babe?”  Ray asked Heather as he kissed her head.  She smiled at his endearment and nodded her head, handing a tired Josie over to her dad.  Ray scooped her up and snuggled her.  I guess sometimes we all need a way to relax, whether it be a drink or a fine cigar.  
It was starting to get late, and I realized Tyler and my dad never surfaced from the basement.
“Where are Dad and Tyler?”  I asked Michael and Ray.  Michael and Ray exchanged grins.  “They went into Dad’s office,” Michael said.  “Great way to scare him off.”
I glared at him.  “I’m sure they’re talking about the arena and didn’t want to bore either of you.”
Michael shrugged and rummaged in the fridge.  “Michael, we just ate!” my mother yelled at him.  
Michael’s head came from the fridge holding a pear.  “You know I’m always hungry,” he said biting the pear.
Before my mother could scold him more, Tyler and my father came up the stairs.  Tyler stood next to me with ease and put his hand on my lower back.  He had a faint smell of cigar to him as I leaned my head on his shoulder.
“Want to get going?”  I asked, trying not to get caught up in the smell of his cologne being mixed with the tobacco.  
“If you are ready, sure,” he smiled at me.  His eyes were swarming with blue and green softness.
“Thank you for coming with Becca, Tyler.  You are welcome to come every Sunday,” my mom said handing us our coats.  
“Thank you Mrs. Stine,” Tyler said throwing out his hand to her after he put on his coat.  My mother waved it away and wrapped both her thin arms around him.  Poor Tyler tried to not look uncomfortable.  After all, he still wasn’t used to simple touches.
“Please, call me Missy,” my mother said sincerely.
My father reached his hand out to Tyler and gave him a firm shake.  “I’m glad you came over to Tyler.  Please call me Max; we don’t need to be formal on Sundays.”  Tyler nodded and gave him a stiff smile.  For the first time I saw a little fear in his eyes.  I wonder what they talked about.
We said goodbye to the rest of my family and got in the car.  My body sagged against the seat as I let out a loud sigh.  Tyler started the car and cocked his head at me.
“Come on, it wasn’t that bad,” he teased.
I grunted as I pulled my seat belt across my chest.  “I guess you are right, it could have been way worse.”  He put his hand on my knee and backed out of the driveway and headed down the road.
“It was… refreshing,” he smiled.
I held his hand.  “Thank you for coming.”
“Thank you for inviting me.”
“What were you and my dad talking about downstairs?”  I asked.
Tyler bit his lip as he looked out the window.  “Well, he asked me what my intentions were and then he told me about his gun collection.”
We both laughed and I left it at that.  My daddy was being protective and staking his territory.  I loved him even more after giving Tyler a hard time.  I figured he couldn’t have been too hard on him otherwise Tyler wouldn’t be in such a good mood.
Tyler pulled into the parking ramp at River House to drop me off.  I wasn’t going to ask him to stay with me, even though I really wanted him to.  We had spent such a wonderful weekend together with only a few little hiccups.  
“Can I come in for a little while?” Tyler asked as we stepped off the elevator and toward the front door.
“I would be sad if you didn’t,” I said unlocking the door. He grinned down at me and followed me into the entryway.  We took off our coats and as he set down my bag I reached for him.  I squeezed his middle and buried my head into his strong chest.  He wrapped his arms around me and let out a slight laugh.  “I can stay over if you want,” he said kissing the top of my head.
Yes, I want you to stay over.
“You don’t have to,” I said into his chest.  “I know you have to leave for Cleveland tomorrow.”
He took my face in his hands so I would look at him.  “More reason for me to stay with you.  I won’t be back until late Wednesday.”
He leaned down to kiss me.  I walked backwards until the back of my knees found the couch.  I fell backward and Tyler came down on top of me.  I giggled into his mouth at the sudden ungraceful movement.  He kept kissing me, not letting his hands wander from my face.  It was surprisingly fun to just kiss him on the couch as though we were in high school.  Tyler never got that experience, and I knew he craved a normal relationship.
I heard the door open and pushed on Tyler’s chest.  He looked down and grinned at me, but still didn’t get up. “Ty!” I said pushing him a little harder.  He laughed and pulled away, bringing me with him.
“Don’t mind me,” Jamie said, throwing her bag on the kitchen counter.
“How was your business trip?” I asked, fussing with my hair.  I heard her chuckle. 
“Great.  We did as much business as I’m sure you two did.”
Tyler had his hand covering his mouth, trying to contain his amusement.  Jamie came over and plopped herself on the chair across from us.
“How was Mom and Dad’s?” she said, playing with her nails.
“Good,” I nodded my head.   
The second her door closed Tyler was kissing me again, just as a teenager would.



Chapter 18



The next four weeks blended together in a blur.  Tyler would go out of town for a few days then when he came home we were inseparable--outside of work of course.  I got used to Tyler’s coldness whenever I saw him in the office.  I knew it was just a front for our co-workers.  Except inside I wanted him to kiss me goodbye when I got to my floor.  I wanted him to come up to me before a meeting and put his hand on my lower back.  I wished we could leave for lunch together and walk in the building and leave the building together on a normal basis.  I wanted to ride to work and leave from work in the same car, instead of walking a block to meet him.  But I knew we weren’t to that point, and I would have to wait for Tyler to tell me more about why his father wouldn’t approve.
The week before Thanksgiving was here, and I hadn’t seen Tyler all weekend.  He had to go to Chicago for meetings, and I stayed home because Jamie was going to be leaving for Florida for the week.  We had been so wrapped up in boys we hadn’t spent a whole lot of time together.  It was fun having a girl’s weekend full of spa treatment, shopping, and girl talk.  
As fun as Jamie was, I missed my Ty.  We would talk and text on the phone randomly when he was gone, but it just wasn’t the same as in the flesh.  He had an early flight Wednesday morning, and unfortunately, I would have to wait until Wednesday night to see him after work.  A part of me wanted to ask him to take the red eye in and come sleep with me for a few hours, but I didn’t want to sound needy.  

I can’t wait to see you tomorrow night. -Tyler

I smiled at his text and held the phone to my chest.  I had just dropped Jamie at the airport to go spend the holiday with her family and was cozy in bed.  Maybe he was at his condo?  I decided to give Tyler a call.
“Hey baby doll,” he answered on the second ring.  “I thought you might be sleeping so I figured the text would be better than a call.”
“Nope, not sleeping yet.  I’m in bed though,” I said.  I heard ruffling of papers in the background than his chuckle.
“That sounds very appealing.  I’m sorry I couldn’t come back tonight.  With the holiday I have a lot I need to get done in a short amount of time.  I’m still at the office,” he said apologetically.
“I understand.”  I tried not to sound disappointed.  “I’m just glad you are coming back here for a few days instead of staying in Chicago through the holiday.”
“About Thanksgiving… I can stay with you if you want.  We can make our own dinner or go to your parents’ house.”  He sounded hopeful.
I frowned.  I wanted more than anything to have Tyler all to myself for our first holiday, but I knew how much his mom called him, and I knew the holidays were typically the only time he would visit her.  I couldn’t take that time away from his mom.
“I’m sure your mom has been looking forward to having you and your brothers.  You should spend it with her and your dad.”  There was a long pause on the phone.
“Yeah, I guess you’re right.  But I plan on coming home Friday and not leaving your side until Monday,” he said, his demeanor changing from annoyed to possessive by the end of his sentence.
“I think I could handle that,” I said all breathy.  I hated when he got to me over the phone.  It made me miss him more.  Knowing he would be in the same building as me all day tomorrow and not being able to see him would be torture.
“Good.  I’ll talk to you tomorrow, okay?” he said, still moving things around. He was busy, and I was interrupting.  
“Yes.  Goodnight.”
“Sweet dreams, doll.”


***

I woke in a hurry for work, knowing I might cross paths with Tyler at some point made me excited.  I put on the new dress I bought with Jamie this past weekend.  It was black and floated out from the waist down and came just above my knees.  I put a white jacket over the top and had a long, dangly silver chain necklace with red beads and red flats.  I curled my hair-, I think Tyler likes when it’s curled.  I even spent a little extra time on my eye makeup.  The thought of crossing paths with Tyler was obsessing me and the thought of finding any reason to go up to his office was tempting.
When I arrived at work, Will had a small project for me to start, and I went to work.  The office was pretty bare.  A lot of the junior architects had taken the whole week off, since the building was going to be closed on Thursday and Friday.  I tried to focus, but my mind kept drifting to Tyler.  It took everything in me to not go up and see him on my lunch break.
I walked to a local diner to pick up a salad for lunch.  Just as I was turning to leave with my salad I heard a voice call my name.  When I turned to look and see who it was a smile spread across my face.  One of my friends from high school was waving me down.
“Becca!  I thought that was you!  How are you?”  Lauren said, embracing me in a hug.  Lauren and I met in our CAD class freshman year of high school.  We both had similar interests so we ended up taking a lot of the same classes.  
“Lauren, it’s so nice running into you!  How have you been?”  I said pulling away from her.  She had grown up just as I had.  Her hair was black and wavy and her sapphire eyes popped out with her dark eye makeup.  
“I’ve been great!  I work at the Art Museum.  I’m a curator.  I saw an article in the newspaper about the arena so I knew you were back in town.” I consciously held my eyes in place and kept on a smile.  
“That’s great Lauren.  I wish I could stay and catch up but I have to get back to work.  We should do lunch sometime,” I said going to give her another hug.
“Yes we should!  A bunch of us are going out tonight to McFadden’s, you should come.”  She nodded her head enthusiastically at me.  I gave a half smile.  Even though I’m ready to get lost in Tyler tonight, it would be fun for us to go out for a change.  We hadn’t gone out since going to Cygnus.
“Yeah, maybe I’ll come.”
We exchanged numbers, and I headed back to the Conklin building.
The rest of the afternoon went by horribly slow.  Will came to my desk, startling me when he put a folder in front of me.
“Hey Becca, would you mind bringing these account sheets up to Tyler for me on your way out?  I told my wife I would be home a half hour ago.” 
“I’d love to!” Oops, maybe I said that too fast.
Will nodded in gratitude and headed for the elevator.  Once the elevator doors closed I jumped up and made a quick stop to the bathroom to check myself in the mirror.  I fluffed my hair and re-glossed my lips and then anxiously got into the elevator.  When I reached Tyler’s office the door was closed, and Cooper was absent from his station.  I decided to see if the door was locked.  The door clicked open when I turned the knob and tingles went up my spine.  I was going to see Tyler and had a wonderful plan in mind for his homecoming.
He was on the phone and looked up when I entered the room.  He was wearing a dark brown dress shirt with an olive tie and looked as handsome as ever.  His hair was its usual controlled mess, and I had the urge to run my hands through the dark brown locks.
At first he looked annoyed, but when he saw it was me his lip quirked up and his eyes softened.  I closed the door behind me and gently set the account sheets on his desk and sauntered over to him.  I slowly dropped the white coat on one of the chairs, revealing my shoulders.
I saw his jaw flex as his eyes were glued to me.  A mischievous smile played across my face as I pushed his chair back so I could stand in front of him.
“Yes, sorry I’m here.  How much is the account in Miami supposed to accumulate?” he spoke into the phone, watching my every move.
I bent down on my knees in front of him between him and his desk and started to rub his thighs.  I traced circles from the top of his knee all the way to his belt buckle. 
“I’ll call her later this afternoon, and we can discuss it further.”  His words were short and to the point as his eyes widened with my every move.
I started to unbuckle his belt, and he squirmed.  Hah, for once I was making him squirm!  A mischievous grin crossed my face as I unbuttoned his pants.
“Yes, Jessica.  I’ll call her later about it.  A few hours aren’t going to make a-” He sucked in air when I put my hands down his pants, using my other hand to pull down his boxers and waistband.
“Jessica I’ll take care of it!  I have to go.  Tell Nathan to chill out.  Yes… bye.”  He hung up the phone just as I freed him from his pants.  His pupils were dilated.
“What are you doing?” he rasped.  His chest was heaving while his face was turning red.  
I pressed my lips to his sensitive skin.  “I had to bring the account sheets up for Will.”
He put his hands in my hair, his eyes scorching into mine as I slowly worked my lips onto him.  “Becca, we are in my office-”  He took a big gasp of air as I took him completely in my mouth.
Then to my horror, I heard the door click open.  Why didn’t I lock the door?  Tyler’s body stiffened then his chair rolled forward, causing me to be completely under his desk, pushed to the edge.  My shoes were hitting the back of the desk, and I was happy I had chosen to wear flats instead of heels.  
“Tyler, what the hell?  You need to call Edna Enterprise and confirm the account details.  We can’t afford to play.  This is our chance to expand.  Getting our name out in Miami would be astounding!”
Tyler pulled his chair as far under the desk as it would go.  His hands grasped the top of the desk.  “I told Jessica I would call her later,” he said sternly.
“Well you can’t drag ass on this account, Tyler!”
Tyler shifted in his chair.  “I just heard about it this morning!  I’ll do it this afternoon.”
“Oh, and could you not be such a dick to my assistant?  She’s practically in tears because you were so short with her.  God knows she’s probably on the rag and the last thing I need is Jessica starting with the waterworks in the middle of the day,” Nathan snorted.  I’m sure he was pacing the room like he normally did when he was all riled up and on a role about work.
While Nathan was still talking, I started to gaze at Tyler’s fullness.  It was only inches away, and I couldn’t help myself but to lay my hand on it again.  Tyler twitched as I moved my fingertip from the base to the tip.  My eyes went wide.  I had never actually studied him before.  Down here under the table he couldn’t watch me and see my reactions, and I felt braver.  With Nathan’s voice still ranting in the background, I pushed my head closer into his lap, wrapping my hands around the back of his calves. He moved one hand down and quickly found my hair and gently pulled.  He knew what I was thinking, and he had no way to stop me.  I pushed my tongue out and traced his protruding vein.  I heard him let out a grumbling into his hand.
“Tyler, are you even listening to me?”  Nathan stopped in his tracks and shouted.
Tyler huffed.  “Yes, and the sooner you leave me alone, the sooner I can take care of the account.” he said through gritted teeth.  
Nathan started to rant again, and I got lost in Tyler.  I moved my mouth to cover him, and was very careful to be quiet.  His hand gripped my hair tighter as he squirmed more in his chair.  He was leaning over his desk as though Nathan could see me.  I gripped his calves tighter, and I could feel his blood pumping through his entire body.
“Tyler, would you pull your head out of your ass please!  This shit is important!”  Nathan’s voice rose again.  Then he was silent.  “You know what, let me know when you talk to her… I’ll close the door on my way out.”  His voice seemed calmer as he left.
The door closed and Tyler rolled his chair backwards causing me to jerk forward.  He moved his hand that was on top of his desk down to my cheek, still keeping a fist in my hair.
“Good God, Becca…” he gasped, trying to not interfere with how I was moving with his hands.
I moved my hand up and down his length and sucked on the tip.  I knew this would pull him over the edge.  
“Becca, I’m going to-”
Then the warmth hit my mouth.  It caught me off guard; he could have warned me earlier!  I quickly swallowed then gave him a gentle kiss before I came up from the floor.  My knees were hurting and my leg fell asleep, but it was worth it to see the shocked and bewildered look on his face.  His breath was still hard as his head rested back on the headrest of his chair.  He pulled me on his lap and held me close, resting his head in the crook of my neck.
“Jesus, Becca,” was all he could manage to say.  A smile crept across my face.  Ha!  I had just un-raveled him in his office with his brother in the room.  How secretive and hot was that!  It was so unlike me, but it felt so raw and real.
“Was it good?”
A low grumble came from his throat.  His lips started to graze my neck.  “I think you know the answer to that.”
I giggled as his scruff ran across my neck.  He must not have shaved this morning because it was thicker than usual.  He pulled his head up from my neck and stared into my eyes.  “You just shocked the hell out of me.”
I gave him an innocent look, “I just missed you, that’s all.”
He laughed under his breath and kissed me.  “Sorry I didn’t give you much warning.  It kind of snuck up on me…” he said biting his lip.  
I shrugged my shoulders.  “Just don’t let it happen again,” I teased.
His eyebrows lifted, “So there will be a next time?”
I bobbed my head back and forth as if contemplating his question.  Before I could tease him more he squeezed me tighter to him.  He looked deep into my eyes with warmth and gratitude.  Then I felt his hand move from my back to my thigh, creeping up my dress.  I quickly put my hand on his wrist.
“I think I have jeopardized enough of your time, Mr. Conklin,” I scolded.
He narrowed his eyes at me.  “That you have and with my brother in the room.  You are becoming more adventurous.  Won’t you let me return the favor?” he said, trying to bring his hand up higher on my leg.
“You can think of some way to woo me this evening,” I said as his lips went back to grazing my neck.  While enjoying the feeling of his lips on my neck I remembered running into Lauren.  “Oh, and I wanted to ask you if you wanted to go to McFadden’s with me tonight.  I guess a bunch of kids I graduated from high school with are going.” 
His mouth stopped moving and his eyes searched mine.  
“I thought we were going to go to your place tonight?” he asked.
“We still can.”
He let out a sigh and kept his eyes on me.  “Baby I don’t think I’m going to be done until late tonight.  Maybe you should go without me and I’ll just meet you at your place?  Or I could pick you up on my way over?”
I nodded my head, trying not to look disappointed.  I knew it wasn’t just because he had to work late, but because he didn’t want anyone seeing us mingling together and probably didn’t want me to introduce him as my boyfriend.
“Please don’t take it the wrong way,” he whispered in my ear, letting his mouth linger on my earlobe.  
I sighed, “I know, I know…” 
He nuzzled my neck with his fresh scruff, knowing it would cause me to giggle.  
He pulled his head back so he could look at me.  “I’ll text you when I’m done, okay?”  I nodded my head and leaned in to give him a chaste kiss.
Tyler fixed himself and stood up along with me, buckling his belt.  He reached for me and pulled me into his embrace once he was done.  His lips plundered mine passionately.  I allowed his tongue access as I hooked my arms around his neck, enjoying the brief moment together in his office after being apart all weekend.  He slowed the kiss and rubbed his nose against mine.
“I plan on wooing you to the moon this evening, baby doll.”
A blush crept across my cheeks.
Tyler laughed.  “Now you are going to blush?”  I scowled at him, and he laughed further.  He started to fuss with my hair, as though trying to put it back together from where he gripped it so tight. 
“Does it look bad?”  I asked.
He cocked his head to the side and studied it.  “Depends on what you consider bad?  I think it’s sexy as hell, but then again, I know why it looks the way it does.”
I rolled my eyes and walked over to where a decorative mirror hanging on the wall to try and fix the tangled mess he created.
Tyler helped me put on my white jacket once I was done fussing with my hair.
“Thank you for bringing me the account sheets,” he said, kissing the back of my neck.  A shiver went down my spine as his lips grazed my skin.  “Don’t have too much fun tonight.  I would like to get lost in you when I get home since I won’t see you for a couple of days.”  A slow smirk spread across my face.  He turned me to face him, pulling me into a tight embrace, kissing me passionately.
Tyler walked me out of his office politely and professionally and then closed his office door. 
I couldn’t wipe the smile off my face as I went to the elevator.  I passed by Nathan’s office where he was leaning on the tall part of Jessica’s desk, clearly discussing something with her.  He flashed his eyes at me and gave me a huge grin.
“Hey Becca.  Have any plans for Thanksgiving?” he asked.
“Yes, I’ll be going to my family’s house, you?” I asked, even though I knew he would be in Chicago with Tyler.
“Oh just spending time with family.  By the way, I love your shoes, red suits you, and the jacket is nice too.”  He stated while looking over paperwork that Jessica had handed him. 
Funny, I don’t remember him looking at my shoes?  “Um, thanks… have a good rest of your day.”
“You too,” he said while glancing at his paperwork.
Chapter 19



I called Lauren to see if she would be willing to pick me up on her way.  It was bitter cold outside, and I didn’t feel like walking.  She was delighted and picked me up at quarter to 7:00pm.  
“I’m so glad you decided to come out tonight Becca!  So what have you been up to since high school?  I know you went to Florida.  What happened there?” she asked, her sapphire eyes sparkling.  
“Oh, just got my Master’s from FSU, met some people, nothing too crazy.” What a lie.  My whole life in Florida was one big cluster fuck.
“Yeah, I stayed home and went to Kendall.  Had a few relationships, never really went anywhere.  What about you?  Did you find any love in Florida?”
Wow, I guess no one told her about my messed up love life.  Ashlynn never talked to Lauren and Lauren never cared about the popular loop, so it figures she would be clueless.  Hmm… I could see myself hanging out with her more now that I was back in town.  This thought made me wonder which crowd was going to be at McFadden’s.
“Yeah, I found love.  It was good, then it was bad, then it was over,” I shrugged.
She laughed at my expression.  By the time we got to McFadden’s, I had heard all about how Lauren lived with a roommate on Heritage Hill and was dating a tattoo artist who was getting his fine arts degree at Kendall.  She was sad because he was from up north and left to spend Thanksgiving with his family.
We walked out of the car and into the busy bar.  I had dressed very casual, in simple worn boot cut jeans and a fitted light blue and white flannel shirt.  I re-did my hair in curls and freshened my makeup.  Lauren was wearing skinny jeans with holes and a very tight black top.  Her black hair was long and blew wildly in the early winter wind.  We walked past the long line of people waiting to get in.  
“Don’t we have to wait in line?”  I asked Lauren.
A sly grin spread across her face.  “I know the doorman.  Come on!”  She said looping her arm with mine.  It was different going out with Lauren versus Jamie.  Lauren was giddy and school girlish while Jamie was confident and beat to her own drum.
We walked up to the doorman who gave Lauren a huge smile and a hug then waved us in. 
The bar was packed with party goers and loud music was blaring.  There wasn’t a dance floor but an array of tall cocktail tables.  The walls were dark green with a dark wood railing.  The back wall was a light brick, matching the outside of the building.  Toward the back there was a pair of billiard tables.  Lauren pulled me over to a pair of tables that were bunched together.  Familiar faces were all over.  I hadn’t really hung out with anyone who was there.  I normally would only hang out with Ashlynn outside of school.  The waitress came over and brought a round of shots.  I passed, wanting to keep a clear head.  I constantly checked my phone in between small talk with my past classmates.  
By 9:00pm I was constantly checking the door, hoping Tyler would magically show up and surprise me, but a different surprise came walking through the door.  I felt a lump catch in my throat as I ducked behind the group of people I was talking to.  I couldn’t handle seeing him right now, the only other man who could ever make my skin feel like it was on fire.  Gage.  There he stood in a short sleeve shirt and faded jeans with frayed holes.  He was sporting a backwards Tigers hat, and I could see he had added a few tattoos to his forearms.  He wasn’t overly tall or broad, but his muscles were toned.  He looked older and more rugged.  I closed my eyes, and I was brought back to the last time I was with him.
You’re going to need a drink.
No, I needed to get the hell out of here.  I needed to get into the arms of the only man I wanted to be with and not deal with any temptations from my past.  I stopped the waitress and ordered a round of shots for the people I had been talking to.  They all looked at me like I had grown two heads by how I feverishly dove out of the conversation and hid behind them.
By the time I looked back to where Gage was standing, he had moved and I didn’t know where he was.  I kept an eye on my surroundings and continued chatting.  The waitress came with our shots, and we all took them.  Lauren counted to three, way too loudly, and I poured the burning liquid down my throat.  A pang of ease spread through my body by the time the liquor hit my belly.  The ease quickly faded when I felt a strong hand on my back.  Chills went through me, afraid to see who it was.  I wanted Tyler, but I knew it wasn’t his hand; that would have been too simple for my complicated life.
The hand on my back reached for my wrist and swung me around.  Gage’s big brown eyes were taking me in with an ear-to-ear smile plastered on his face.  “Becca!  What the hell are you doing here?” he exclaimed.  He still had his dimples, and my mouth betrayed me by going into a full on Orbit gum smile.
“I came with Lauren.  I ran into her today.”
“How long have you been in town?”
I bit my lip, trying not to look so happy to see him.  I just want to be home with Tyler, my heart kept saying.  “Since the end of September.  I work for Conklin.”
“Why the fuck haven’t you called me!?” he said with excitement and shock.
I shrugged my shoulders.  I had thought about calling him numerous times before I had gotten involved with Tyler.  But once Tyler and I started to hang out, thoughts of Gage went out the window.  
“Well, we need to hang out now that you are back.  I miss hanging out with you Bs,” he said putting his arm around me and leading me away from the crowd of former classmates and to the bar.  
“Can I get two Three Wisemen shots, please!”  Gage yelled across the bar to the bartender.  
“Whoa, whoa… I can’t do one of those shots, Gage!  I’m not out to get drunk tonight,” I said, nudging myself out from under his arm.
He scrunched his eyebrows and gave me a puzzled look.  “Since when?  I thought you were Miss Wild Thing out in Florida?  At least you were when you came home to visit those few times,” he teased.
I laughed, “I’m not that girl anymore.”
Gage waved his hand, “Oh please, Bs!  I’ll take you home.  Don’t worry about it,” he smiled.  Even though he laughed and sounded sincere, he had hidden meaning with his intentions.
I stood up straight against the bar.  “Gage, I don’t think that is such a good idea.”
Gage stood up with me and leaned in close.  I could smell his scent, a hint of fuel, cigarettes, and beer.  Normally I would hate all three of those smells, but on Gage… it was far too tempting.  
“Why?” he simply asked with a grin.  I hated that he could get to me, and I hated that I was smiling like an idiot back at him.
“Because you and I know what happens when we hang out.”
He cocked his head to the side and bit his lip, his dimples making an appearance.  “I still don’t see what the problem is.”  He wiggled his eyebrows, and I shook my head back and forth at him, trying not to grin.  He had charm, that was for sure. 
The shots he ordered had arrived and he took them, handing me one.  I looked down at it in contemplation.  
“Come on Bs, just one shot.  I won’t bug you to do anymore,” he coaxed.
I rolled my eyes and threw the shot back.  He followed suit and slammed the glass on the counter.  The dangerous shot calmed me even more, and I was going to have to stop right then and there with the drinking, otherwise Tyler would have to carry me to bed.
We started to talk how we used to talk, catching up on old times.  He was still living at his mom’s house and worked as a mechanic at a shop on the south side of town.  He was always good with cars and had fixed mine a few times.   It was nice to talk with him; I did spend an entire summer practically glued to his side.  Yes, it was a very physical summer, but we did other things.  He was the closest friend I had ever had that was a guy and conversation was easy.  My mother had a fit when she had realized who I was spending my time with the summer before college.  Gage’s family wasn’t like mine.  He was raised by his mother and had a dead beat dad.  They were lower class in my mother’s eyes, and Gage didn’t have the best track record at school.  He was a bit of a hot head and got into a lot of fights.  He was a troublemaker, always getting into mischief.  He wasn’t like that with me though, he was always calm and cool, and you would never know he was hot headed when we were together.
I realized I hadn’t checked my phone in a while and pulled it out of my back pocket.  Shit.  I had a few texts from Tyler and a few missed calls.  The first text was from 45 minutes ago, crap!
“What’s the matter?  Mom still keeping tabs on you?”  Gage teased as he took a sip of his beer.
I glared at him.  Frantically pressing the keyboard on my touch screen I said, “I was going to meet someone tonight, and I missed his call.”  Not just someone; your boyfriend!
His eyes shot up, “Well, I think you should ditch them and hang out with me.”  He switched hands with his beer and put his hand on my thigh.  I froze but then gently moved his hand.  He gave me a surprised look.
“I can’t do that,” I said with soft eyes.  They weren’t soft for Gage but for Tyler.
Familiar hands were on my shoulders, and I relaxed.  Finally, my Ty was here. I stood up and turned to him.  His eyes were fixated on Gage at first.  I wrapped my arms around Tyler’s waist and snuggled into his chest.  He softened a bit to my touch and looked down at me with a half-smile.
“Sorry I’m so late,” Tyler said.  His eyes shifted from me to Gage.   Gage was nonchalantly drinking his beer, not having a care in the world.  “Are you going to introduce me to your friend,” Tyler asked, his eyes turning cold as they watched Gage. 
“Yeah, Gage this is Tyler.  Tyler, Gage.”  Tyler stuck his hand out to Gage, holding his chin high and broadening his shoulders.  Gage let out a soft chuckle and turned on his stool to face Tyler.
He stuck his hand out and smirked.  “I take it this is the ‘someone’ you were going to meet,” Gage said.
I closed my eyes tight then opened them again.  Tyler’s jaw was clenched, and his scowl was in full force.
I shot Gage a death glare.  He let go of Tyler’s hand and shrugged his shoulders then turned to talk to the person that was sitting on the other side of him.
“I can see why you haven’t been returning my messages,” Tyler seethed.
I pulled my arms from around him and frowned.  “I’m sorry.  It’s loud in here, and I lost track of time because I was catching up with old friends.”
Tyler huffed, “You mean old friend?”
I rolled my eyes at Tyler.  “No, everyone at that table over there.  Come on, I can introduce you.”
Tyler’s jaw clenched.  “Can we just go home, please?  I’m not in the mood to see you flirting with anyone else.”  His tone was dangerously low.
I stood up and pushed him a few feet away from the bar where Gage was sitting.  Although I knew Gage couldn’t hear us over the noise, I didn’t want Tyler to say something to set Gage off.  “I wasn’t flirting with him!  We were really good friends before I went to Florida.  Honestly, he was the only one I would call to hang out with when I would come back and visit.”
Tyler narrowed his eyes.  “You used to fuck him, didn’t you?” he hissed.
Holy shit.  Where was this coming from?  Why was he so mad?  I stood there with my mouth gaped open.
Tyler rolled his eyes and sighed.  “Come on, let’s go,” he said turning to head for the door.  I didn’t have time to say goodbye to everyone because Tyler was stomping off and throwing a tantrum.  I stormed after him, practically having to run to catch up to him.
He walked to the passenger side and opened it for me.  He wouldn’t even look at me.  I slid into the car and put on my seat belt.  
Tyler got into the car without saying a word, and we drove in silence.  I rubbed my arms, trying to warm up from the frigid November air.  Tyler noticed and turned the seat heater on but then continued to keep his eyes on the road.  Not being able to stand the silence, I finally started to talk as we were pulling into the parking ramp at River House.
“So… how was work?  Did you get everything done?”  I said shakily.
Tyler pulled into the parking spot where Jamie normally parked and shut off the car.  He buried his head in his hands.  “Becca, who was that?” he mumbled through his hands, clearly dismissing my small talk.
“I told you, an old friend.  What are you so upset about?”
He pulled his hands from his head and looked over at me.  With tired eyes he said, “He looked like more than just an old friend to me.”  Rolling my eyes I let out an exasperated sigh and opened my door.  Tyler followed suit as I entered the building and pushed the elevator button.
“So he was more than just an old friend wasn’t he?”  Gosh why wouldn’t he drop this?  The elevator arrived, and we both rushed on.  
I finally looked up at him.  “We were always just friends, why don’t you believe me?”
“Maybe because he put his hand on your leg and looked at you like he has had a taste before.”
Crap, he saw that?
My eyes softened.  He was jealous.  I reached for his hands and squeezed them.  His scowl was still plastered on his face.  When the elevator got to my floor, I pulled him out and let go of his hands long enough so I could get my key from my bag and open the door.
Once we were inside I walked into the kitchen and put my bag on the table.  Tyler took his coat off, set it on the hanger, and followed me with the same pout glued to his face the entire time.  I pulled him toward me and cupped his face in my hands. Before I could say anything, he spoke menacingly quiet.  “Did you sleep with him?”
Keeping my hands on his face, I slowly nodded yes.  I wasn’t going to lie to him.  He sighed and closed his already tired eyes.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t know he was going to be there.  I never would have gone.  But you have to believe me that he doesn’t mean anything to me.  We were always just friends.”
When he opened his eyes they were blazing.  “So you always just fuck your friends?”
I gaped at him and dropped my hands from his face.  “Um, no I don’t.  Did you always fuck your parents’ staff?”  The bite in my tone was unrecognizable to my lips.  His jaw tensed as his eyes narrowed even more.  I turned on my heel, and walked to the sink, grabbing the edge of the counter.
Tyler came over behind me.  “No, I didn’t.”  His tone was a bit gentler.
The urge to cry was approaching.  “He was my first, okay?  I’m sorry if I looked like I was happy when I was talking to him.” 
Tyler tugged my arm and pulled me to face him, his scowl softened.  “I’m sorry.  I shouldn’t have lashed out at you.  I’m just tired and cranky, and… I miss you.”
A tear escaped my eye as I crossed my arms.  He grabbed my crossed arms and pulled them around his neck and hugged me.  “So… he was your first, eh?”  Tyler said into my hair a bit more light hearted while rubbing my back.
I nodded my head.  Were we really going to talk about this?
“How old were you?” he gently asked.
I nuzzled into his chest, taking in the sporty scent of his cologne.  “Eighteen.  Typical prom gone wrong, ended up in the backseat with the bad boy.”
Tyler laughed.  I was shocked.  He was freaking out over if I had slept with Gage or not, now he was laughing about it.  I tilted my head up to look at him.  He was grinning down at me.
“I was in our pool house.  I had some friends over, and we were drinking.  Margo came back and scolded us.  All of my friends left, and she stayed.” 
Margo?  Who names their kid Margo?
“You never did say how old she was.”
“At the time, she was 32,” Tyler said with a hint of pride.
Geez, 16 years older than him!  I grunted in disgust.  He squeezed me tighter and laughed.  His mood had returned, and I needed to let my mood pass and join him.  I looked up at him as I moved my hands from his neck to his back, un-tucking his dress shirt so I could rub my hands along his warm skin.
With a flirtatious grin I asked him, “So, about that wooing me to the moon and back?”



Chapter 20



After a lazy morning of snuggling and giggling in bed, Tyler and I finally got up and got ready to face our families for Thanksgiving.  Tyler was brave enough to let me drive the Maserati and drop him off at the airport and take his car to my parents’ house.  It was nice because then I wouldn’t have to ask Roger to come and get me.  I really needed to work on getting myself a car.  I had saved enough money for a down payment on one, but I figured the longer I could save, the less interest I would have to pay.  And I wasn’t about to charge it to Daddy’s credit card that I still carried around in shame.
After a long kiss goodbye to Tyler I drove off to my parents’ house.  I dressed casually, and I was sure my mother would scold me for wearing jeans on a holiday.  I don’t know why it mattered; it was just going to be our immediate family.  My jeans and sweater was comfortable for over eating.  
I sighed as I thought about the food.  I hated holidays because of food.  The table would be full of temptation, and everyone else would be filling their plates, making me feel more comfortable to do the same.  Hopefully Roger didn’t make his famous Dutch apple pie.  If he did, I would be doomed.
When I walked to the door, I was greeted with open arms by my mother and father.  Shockingly I was the first one there, then Michael, and, of course, my nearly ready-to-pop sister was the last to arrive.  She only had four weeks to go and was obsessing over the possibility of having the baby on Christmas.
Dinner was wonderful, and my family talked about odds and ends.  The entire time I stayed rather quiet, picking at my food, trying to avoid the mashed potatoes and gravy and the stuffing.  My plate consisted of turkey, Brussels sprouts, sweet potatoes, and a very tiny portion of green bean casserole.  And to my horror, Roger had made his famous pie.  I didn’t want to make him feel bad, so I had a very small sliver.  It was so good I felt like it was a sin to eat it.  I was going to have to hit the gym extra hard tomorrow.
With full bellies, my family and I moved to the living room.  I grabbed a pillow and laid on the floor, letting the rest of my family sit on the furniture.  I didn’t mind.  Josie had her blanket and came over to curl up next to me.  I loved to cuddle with her.  I played with her hair as she fell asleep next to me.  The maternal instinct hit me hard as I thought of Tyler.  I wondered if he wanted kids.
The rest of the day was spent playing games and even watching a movie.  I ended up crashing at my parents in my old room.  It was painted a light yellow with a canopy bed with white fluffy bedding.  I had a pin up board with random pictures, mainly of family and of Ashlynn and me.  I even had a picture of Gage, my bad boy summer fling and virginity holder, and me downtown at the Fourth of July fireworks.  I had never really looked at the picture.  I was wearing a high school tennis T-shirt with short khaki shorts and thong sandals.  We were sitting on a blanket, Gage in cargo shorts and a Ramones T-shirt, arms around me.  I didn’t think anything of it at the time, but in the picture we looked like an item.  
I brought one of Tyler’s T-shirts and put it on.  It smelled like his cologne and soap.  It was so comforting but made my big, fluffy bed lonely.  I wanted him here with me more than anything.  I grabbed my phone from the side table and decided to give him a call.  We had sent random texts to each other throughout the day, but I wanted to hear his voice.  I swiped his name on my call list and held the phone to my ear.
“Hey baby doll,” Tyler greeted me.  I smiled.  I loved when he called me that.  It made me feel girly, and I rarely felt that way.
“Hi.  Did you survive the festivities?” I asked, curling up in the blankets.
“Barely.  Mitch gloated about his latest conquests to RJ while Nathan drank with my mother,” he muttered.  “I would have rather been with you.”
I blushed and grinned from ear to ear.  “I miss you, too.”
 “I’ll be back tomorrow evening.  Will you be home?”  His voice was hopeful. 
“Well, there is this guy I was hoping to hang out with tomorrow…” I teased.
I heard Tyler chuckle, “Oh, yeah?  Anyone I know?”
“Yes.  He’s very charming, attractive, likes baseball, and makes me smile…”
“Hmm… sounds like a keeper.”
I giggled, “Oh, I hope so.  I’m wearing one of his shirts right now.”
“Yeah?  Is that all you are wearing?” he said seductively.
“Maybe… I believe I’m wearing another one of your favorites as well,” I said biting my lip.
I heard a low groan over the phone, “Is it the black lacy ones?”
I giggled again, “Good guess.  Too bad you aren’t here, in my childhood room.  We could christen my white sheets.”
“Careful, I might get in the car and sneak in your window.” he said, his voice raspy.
“Mmm, that would be a pleasant surprise.”
The receiver went silent.
“Your room is on the lower level, right?  And it’s a walk out?”
I laughed.  “Tyler, you are not going to drive here.  That would be crazy.”
“I’m very tempted.  I don’t have anything I can’t do in the GR office tomorrow.”
“You are crazy, and I need to go to sleep.  I cannot wait to see you tomorrow.”  I laughed again.
“Okay, baby.  Leave your window unlocked… just in case,” he flirted.
“Goodnight.”  I said rolling my eyes.
“Goodnight baby doll. See you soon.”


***

I went and picked up Tyler from the airport late Friday night.  His flight arrived just after 7:00pm, and I was so excited to see him.  The whole weekend we were inseparable and hibernated in the warmth of my condo with the fireplace in our living room constantly lit. 
“Why don’t we get into your hot tub?  My muscles could use the relaxation,” Tyler said, taking his last bite of our Chinese takeout.   
“I’m sorry, have I not been doing a good job of relaxing you this weekend?”  I said trying to sound wounded. 
Tyler reached across the back of my chair at the kitchen island and pulled my shoulders so I was pinned to his side and nuzzled my neck, causing me to giggle.  “I have never been more relaxed.  It’s snowing, and we have never gone in your hot tub.  I think it would be pretty to look out at the city under the stars with the snow falling on us.”  His eyes were glistening.    
“That sounds very romantic of you,” I teased.
He shrugged his shoulders and rubbed our noses together. 
“Do you even have a suit?”  I asked him, pulling away so I could take another bite of my chicken and vegetables. 
“Um, I didn’t know I needed one?” he questioned, trying to contain his smile.  I glanced over at him.  
“So the whole being under the city lights in the snow was all really a cover up for I just want to get you naked.”  He couldn’t contain his smirk.  “I’m onto you Mr. Conklin.  Too bad for you I have my one piece with a skirt.” 
“You would still look beautiful, Bec.  And could you not call me Mr. Conklin?  I picture your flirty little smile being given to my asshat of a father,” he said frowning.
I rolled my eyes and stood from the counter, grabbing our empty Chinese boxes and throwing them in the garbage.  He was always so bitter when it came to RJ. 
“Come on, let’s go get you relaxed,” I teased him.
We wandered into my bedroom, and I went in my closet to search for an appropriate bathing suit. Going in without any clothes on seemed exciting, but letting him take it off me sounded even better.  As I rummaged through my clothing, Tyler stood in the door frame with just his gym shorts on.
“I’ll meet you out there,” I said as I found my light blue basic bikini.   
He had his mischievous grin plastered to his face.  “I don’t know why you are even going to bother,” he said, shaking his head and smiling as he turned to go out on the back porch.
I threw on the blue bikini then put my hair up and stared in the mirror, rubbing my stomach, my eyes fixated on the few stretch marks above the bikini line.  I sighed.  Tyler had to of gotten a glimpse of them at some point.  He was just nice enough to not point them out.  I wished my body could be perfect like he was.  I wrapped myself in my towel and headed out to join him. He was already sitting in the bubbles, staring out at the city life.  I went to put down both towels and noticed Tyler’s shorts on the chair.  I shook my head and grinned.  
Thankful he hadn’t turned on the porch light, I hurried into the warm water next to him.  His arms instantly reached for me and pulled me close.  We sat quiet for a while, gazing out at the city lights.  Grand Rapids was small compared to staring out Tyler’s condo in Chicago, but I liked it.  
Tyler kissed the soft spot behind my ear and whispered, “I wish we could have spent Thanksgiving together.”
I let my head relax to the side as his lips continued to graze my neck.  His kisses were very sweet and soft, coated with affection and compassion.  “I know.  Maybe we can spend Christmas Eve and morning together?  I know my family would love it if you came over on Christmas Eve.  We all go to a candlelight service then we drive around and look at Christmas lights and eat a bunch of food.”
I felt his lips on my neck.  “I would love that.  Waking next to you on Christmas morning would be the best present ever.”
I pulled my knees to my chest and brought my head back so I could look at him.  The city lights lit up Tyler’s face, allowing me to see the emotion that fled.  He was calm and relaxed, looking at me with his soft blue green eyes.  His brows and jaw were relaxed and only seemed to be relaxed when we were alone like this. With his arm cozily behind me on the ledge of the tub, I braved my next words.
“I would be willing to go to Chicago with you on Christmas day.”  I kept my eyes on him as I said the words.  His jaw flexed, and he pulled his arm from behind me to his lap.
“Becca, I don’t think that’s a good idea,” he said, putting both of his hands on his chin.  I coiled away from him and moved across the tub, putting my elbows on the edge and my chin on my hands, staring over the city.  How were we ever going to move forward if he wouldn’t bring me around his family?  I knew I needed to give him time; we had only been together for six weeks.
Six weeks.  How did I have such strong feelings for him already?  I felt a tear escape my eye.  I wanted so much with him, but I needed to hold off.  I couldn’t scare him away, and I had to accept his terms.  Otherwise I would lose him, and losing him wasn’t an option.
I heard the slosh of water and felt Tyler’s chin on my shoulder.  He didn’t say anything, and neither did I.  I tried to fight back the tears and stay strong enough so he wouldn’t realize how much not meeting his family bothered me.
Tyler wrapped his arms around my middle and kissed my shoulder.  “I can spend both days with you and your family, if that’s okay.”
I sighed.  I would love to spend the entire holiday with Tyler and my family, but I couldn’t take him away from his mom on the most celebrated holiday of the year.  “Tyler, you have to be with your family on Christmas.  I’m sure your mom would be heartbroken if you weren’t there,” I whispered, even though I really wanted him all to myself.
He nuzzled my neck.  “I don’t want to be with her and my good for nothing father; I want to be with you.”
I turned around so I would face him.  It was time to be blunt and get some answers.  I put my hands on his shoulders and looked him square in the eye.  “What did your parents do that made you dislike them so much?”
Tyler’s face tightened along with his grip on my hips.  He looked away, out toward the city.  I moved my hands to his face and forced him to look at me.  “Ty, tell me.  Help me to understand.  I can’t be on your side if you don’t tell me why.”
Tyler let out a deep breath.  “We would turn into raisins if we stayed in here talking about all my mother and that asshole have done to me.”
The look in his eyes matched the chill that was in his words.  I met his icy stare and said, “Well, good thing I like raisins.  Please?”  I started to pout my lip, causing a trace of a smile to appear on his face.  I rubbed over his cheekbones under his troubled eyes, patiently waiting for him to spill the beans.
“My dad always wants to take everything from me,” he said, his eyes forming blue green stones.  “He was so mad when I played baseball and when I wanted to try to go into the majors.  He demanded I finish school and come to work for him.  I didn’t have an option.  He knew I loved the game more than anything in the world, but he still wouldn’t allow it.  The only reason I didn’t tell him to piss off is because I knew my grandfather would be heartbroken if I didn’t join the family business.  But RJ went ape shit on me which pissed me off even more because he was never around to care about anything.  But now, when it came to big life decisions, he wanted to dictate how my life played out.”
“RJ was the worst father ever. Yes, he provided for us, gave us everything money could buy, but he never once played catch with me.  He came to maybe a handful of my games and birthdays.  He only cared about himself.  The fact that he made me go to The University of Michigan and made me pick something that would benefit his company pissed me off.  RJ bred us as an investment to help his company grow.”
Tyler was fuming.  Although I knew he was mad, pain showed in his eyes.  Tyler felt like an asset to his father and had always been treated like one.
“How he treats my mother is unforgivable.  I know I don’t speak highly of her, but no woman deserves to be treated how he treats her.  I remember the first time I walked into his office and he was with another woman.”  Tyler’s pupils dilated with hatred.  He gritted his teeth and continued.  “I was nine, and he had his assistant bent over his desk.  I was horrified.  He talked to me later about it, told me not to tell my mom and that she wouldn’t believe me even if I did.  He never loved her.  He knocked her up with Nathan, and my grandparents forced him to marry her. I remember them fighting.  She wanted to take us and leave him, but he wouldn’t let her because he couldn’t be the laughing stock of the corporate world.  She was always crying then she started drinking.  She was never a mean drunk; it just always felt like she was looking for something to make her happy.  I guess I never understood why I didn’t make her happy.”  The hatred turned back into pain as his face fell.
“She hired different nannies; normally they were older and let us get away with things.  My grandmother filled the maternal void.”
I felt sympathy for his mother.  Yes, she never should have drifted from her young boys who needed her, but she was trapped.  Trapped in a life with a man who treated her like dirt and who didn’t give her any love and affection.  I’m sure if she had been able to take Tyler and his brothers away from RJ they would have been okay.  She could have focused on those boys instead of the fact she would never have a life outside of RJ’s demands.  
I still couldn’t piece together why he didn’t want RJ to know that we were together.  I had more questions to ask about his past, and considering he was finally starting to talk to me about it, I thought it would be worth a shot. 
“How old were you when Margo started working for your parents?”
He tilted his head to look at me, his eyes murderous now.  If I would have had space to move backwards away from him, I would have because his stare was so intense.
“Fourteen.  Why?”
“I’m just curious about your relationship with her,” I said, pulling my hands from his face and into the water.  “You can tell me.  I won’t be offended or judge you.”  I meant it. 
He moved his hands from my hips and ran them through his hair.
“She was so different than anything I had experienced.  Older, attractive, she was very demanding and didn’t take shit from any of us, especially me.  By the time I was 15 I would make smart remarks and catcalls to her.  Then, when I was 16, she woke up and finally accepted my come on.  I was utterly shocked and didn’t know how to react.  I never thought she would take my comments seriously.  I remember trying to touch her and she smacked my hands away and shoved me against a wall.”
I gulped, trying to ignore the uneasy feeling in my stomach.  Tyler being seduced by an older woman was not something I wanted to think about.  I kept my face as straight as I could, urging him to continue on.  
“Ever since then, it would be totally random, and she was always the one to come onto me.  It was never gentle,” he said, leaning in closer to me, “there was never any emotional connection.”  He brought his hands to my face, his eyes becoming raw.  “Once I was 18, I wanted to be exclusive with her, but she wouldn’t even talk about it.  Being a man, I would always accept when she threw herself at me.  It was on and off through college.  She would periodically stop by or be working at my parents’ house when I came home from college.”
“Was she the only person you have been with besides me?” I said, afraid of his answer.
A small smile played across his lips.  “No, but my other experiences were the same.  Nothing like how I am with you.”  Phew.  Maybe he did have a higher track record than me. 
He put his hands around my back and lifted me, moving us back to the other side of the hot tub.  I was straddling him once he sat down, my arms around his neck.
“When was the last time you were with her?” I hoped it wasn’t recent.
“I saw Margo at my grandfather’s funeral, but it had been a year before that.”
I furrowed my eyebrows at him, “At your grandfather’s funeral?”
He bit his lip and searched my eyes, “I told you it was sporadic.”
I looked down at the water, his words weighing heavy in my head.  “What if she knocked on your door tomorrow?”
He pulled me close to his chest and looked me square in the eye.  “I would tell her to fuck off.”
I blanched at his words.  His eyes were cold again.  
“Why did it stop?”
He didn’t say anything for what felt like an eternity.  Finally he spoke, “I caught her fucking my dad.”
Wow.  I did not see that coming.  I pulled my hands from his neck and brought them across my body. My eyes were wide, and I was stunned.  This must have been what Nathan was talking about.  How RJ did something to Tyler that he couldn’t let go, and he clearly was still very furious with his father for sleeping with Margo.
“You talk like you miss her,” I whispered, trying to fight back jealousy. 
He drastically shook his head no and held my face firm in his hands, forcing me to peel my eyes from the bubbles in between us.  “I’m mad how it ended, how I could have feelings for her when clearly I was her toy, and yeah, I’m mad she was screwing my dad at the same time as me, but I don’t ever want any type of intimacy with her ever again.  You are the only person I ever want to kiss,” he said, his voice transforming from hard to soft while he pulled my face to his lips, “the only person I want to hold hands with, the only person I want… to make love to.”  
Oh… he said love.  I felt like my heart was going to constrict out of my chest with a need for this incredibly broken and hurt man.
I moved my hands to the back of his neck and pushed myself into him, kissing him as tenderly and as loving as I could.  I wanted him to know I believed him.  To know that he was all I ever wanted to and that I wanted to fill the void he felt he had been missing from his family.  I wanted him to know that I would be there for him, no matter who or what came up against us.  
His grip around me tightened, and our tender kissing turned passionate.  I tugged at his hair causing his head to tilt so I could have better access to his mouth.  He groaned and pulled my hips down on his lap causing me to gasp with what my sex was greeted with.  I forgot he didn’t have shorts on, and the bottoms of my bikini were the only thing in between us.  He grunted as I rocked my hips into him, wanting to be rid of the mesh.  His hands moved from my hips to my back and up to my neck, untying the knot of my bikini top as his lips moved from my mouth to the tops of my breasts.  I loved when his mouth grazed just above the top of my bra.  It made me wild with anticipation, and the buildup of his lips touching my sensitive skin caused my body to tremble.
Once the knot was undone, he pulled the triangle shaped piece down with his teeth and covered my nipple with his mouth.  The warmth of his breath mixed with the cold air gave me shivers.  His hands worked down my back to untie the remaining knot of my top, completely freeing my chest to him.  He moved his head back to my lips and pulled my chest to his.
“I don’t know why you didn’t believe me when I told you not to bother with this,” Tyler smirked against my lips as he tossed my top to the side of the hot tub. I wrapped my arms around his neck even tighter while I gazed at him.
A snowflake fell on his cheek, and I kissed it as it melted on Tyler’s hot skin.  
“Shall we go inside?” he asked against my lips.
I nodded my head yes and pulled away from him to climb out of the tub and grab my towel.  He quickly followed, grabbing the other towel I brought outside for us.  I wrapped mine around me before he could get a glimpse.  Fortunately, I still had my bottoms on and could keep my hands around my chest while getting my towel.
I opened the sliding door and quickly moved into the bedroom.  My body was warmed by the hot water and by Tyler’s revelation.  Although it hurt my heart to hear what his family life was like, his ability to confide in me was sobering.  He trusted me, and I trusted him more than anything.
Before I made it too far into my bedroom, Tyler’s hands were on my hips and pushing me toward my bed.  He flipped me around so I was facing him.  His hands were wrapped around me as he started kissing me feverishly.  I melted into him, my hands confined by my towel.  His towel was barely hanging on his hips.  He rubbed his hands along my shoulders and arms, as though he were attempting to dry me, then pulled the towel down lower so he could kiss my collarbone. 
With my towel hanging off my shoulders, Tyler brought his lips back to mine.  “I want tonight to be about you.  What do you want, Becca?”  Tyler said, his eyes burning into mine.
Emotion was passing through me at a thousand miles an hour.  I wanted him to hold me tight, kiss me, look into my eyes as he made love to me.  Yes, make love to me.  My feelings in my head were becoming so clear for him now.  
I spoke my next words in barely a whisper, “I don’t need anything mind blowing… I want you to make love to me.”
His hands moved from my back to my face, forcing me to look at him.  My heart was pounding so fast, worried that he had caught on to my subliminal message.  I could only tell him what I was feeling at the precise moment, and that moment would be when he was sharing the same feelings that I had.
His grin faded as he flexed his jaw.  His eyes were hooded as he brushed the hair from my forehead.  “Is by the fireplace okay?” His voice was raspy.
I nodded my head.  He pulled my towel away from my body and reached for the soft cream blanket that was on my bed and wrapped it around me then bent down to grab something from his bag that was on the side of my bed.  He lifted me off my feet and carried me to the floor by the warm fire in our living room.  I lay on my back with nothing but the blue bikini bottoms and covered my chest with my arms, the fuzzy blanket creating a barrier between the carpet and my skin.  He knelt down over me as he pulled the towel from his waist, allowing me to admire his definition in the dim light of the fire.  My eyes followed the shadows of his muscles.  He really did take care of himself.  He leaned back over me, his eyes still cloaked, hiding his emotion.  
His look made me uneasy, causing me to wrap my arms around my chest tighter.  He closed his eyes then when he opened them again they were raw and revealed a side to him I had never seen.  A side that made me ache with compassion and strength for him. 
His stare was a look of surrender, as though he was giving me all his emotion with his beautifully blended blue green eyes.  He had revealed the ugly parts of his life to me just moments ago, and I couldn’t help the intensity of my feelings for him.  I sucked in air, stuck in the trance he was putting me in.  I unwrapped my arms from my chest and brought his face to mine.  I kissed him with all my heart because I was willing to give it to him.  Because the look in his eyes said he wanted to give me his heart as well.
He moved us so we were on our sides and gently pulled the hair tie from my pony tail, running his fingers through my blonde highlighted strands.  I heard the familiar sound of a wrapper in his hands.  
Always so prepared.  
Well, I was prepared to, and I trusted him.
He rolled me to my back and pulled his mouth from mine, spreading slow soft kisses down my neck and across my collar.  His hand came up to my stomach and moved down to my bikini bottoms. I moved my hips upward, helping him to pull them off me.  For once I wasn’t trembling at his touch, I wasn’t worried about his eyes perusing over my body.  But I was content, felt safe, and that we were on the same page.
He continued kissing my collarbone to my shoulders while his hand fumbled with the foil packet.  I reached to grab it out of his hand and set it off to the side.  He pulled his head up to look at me.  His eyes were sensitive and probing, waiting for me to speak.
“Do you trust me?” I whispered, watching him intently.
His eyes softened even more, filled with adoration as his lips quirked up into a smile.  He moved so he was on top of me, putting both of his hands on my cheeks.  My breath sped up under his stare.  God, he was looking right into my soul.
I felt his bare skin start to touch mine, and I closed my eyes taking a breath of air in anticipation.  Before he entered me fully, he ran his hand over my forehead, pulling my hair to the side.
“Open your eyes baby doll,” he whispered against my lips.  “I can’t do this unless I can look into your eyes.”
I lazily opened my eyes to meet his.  They were swarming with warmth and affection.  He took a deep breath and slid inside of me, his mouth parting as he sucked in air.  Skin on skin.  It felt so amazing to finally be as physically close to him as possible.  I put my hands on his heaving chest as he trembled under my touch.  It reminded me of the first time we were intimate with each other, how sensitive he was to my touch, and apparently I still had the same effect on him.
Our eyes were locked and melting into each other.  My eyes started to glass over.  I wanted more than anything to close them, but I couldn’t.  I was caught in Tyler Conklin’s spell.  A tear escaped my eye, and Tyler leaned down to kiss it away then kissed my lips with so much passion I thought I was going to explode.  I brought my hands up to his face, cradling him as we kissed intensely.  His hips were still moving slowly and sensually, as though he were savoring the connection we had.  The connection we were building was undeniably strong and unbreakable, and I never wanted to leave the moment we were creating. 
The pressure in my stomach was growing with his slow movements and the emotional build up was demanding release.  I couldn’t control it any longer, and I contracted around him with tears flowing down my cheeks, gasping into his mouth.  Tyler moaned against my lips and joined me.  
He rolled us so we were on our sides, our chests pounding against each other, trying to calm down from the intense intimacy we had just shared.
He caressed my tear stained cheek as I opened my eyes to look up at him.  His eyes were glassy with compassion and love… yes, love.  At that moment, I knew I was in love with Tyler Conklin, and I would never fall in love with anyone else ever again.



Chapter 21



We lay on our sides on top of the fuzzy cream blanket for what felt like hours.  My bare back was no longer damp with sweat but warmed by the fire.   Tyler reached over to grab a couple of pillows for us to put under our heads to help with the discomfort of the floor, but I was anything but uncomfortable.  I was relaxed and content and madly in love.
Tyler had one hand under his pillow while the other was drawing circles on my hip bone.  I was snuggled up to his athletic body, pressing my hands to his chest.  Our faces were far enough away I could study his features.  His scruffy beard and rumpled dark brown hair made him appear rugged instead of dapper.  His chiseled jaw was relaxed and his lips just barely separated.  His eyebrows were calm, and for once he didn’t have any creases in his forehead from scowling.  His eyes were pools of blues and greens, soft and hazy from our intimacy.  He was utterly content and extremely beautiful.
“Did I satisfy your request?”  Tyler gently asked, moving his hand from my hip to my cheek.  
I nodded my head, trying to suppress my grin.
“So how long have you been on birth control?” he asked with the same gentleness as his previous question.
I blushed.  Ever since Chicago when I had the minor lapse of judgment, which thank God Tyler had a good head on his shoulders to fight against me long enough to put a condom on, I went to the doctor’s to get the pill.  I took it religiously every morning.
“Since after we went to Chicago together.  Are you mad I didn’t tell you?”  I asked biting my lip.
He shook his head no.  “That was a first for me,” he murmured.
“You have always used a condom?  Margo was never on birth control?” I said confused.  Considering he said they were sporadic, you would think some of the time condoms wouldn’t be totally accessible. 
He shook his head again.  “I wasn’t the only one she was sleeping with.  I wasn’t about to chance anything, even if she was on the pill.  I’m glad my first time without a condom was with you,” he murmured against my lips.  I kissed him back.  He really must have trusted me.  A pang of guilt washed through me, wishing I could have shared my first everything with him and wishing I didn’t have so many notches on my bedpost.  Did I have more partners than he had?  The thought made my stomach turn.  
 “I guess you will have to donate that massive bowl of condoms to the health clinic,” I said pulling my head back so I could look at him.
He laughed.  “I bought those after the first night we were together.”
“Had high hopes, did you?” I teased.
He moved his hand to my back and pulled me in for another kiss then rubbed his nose against mine.  “I just wanted you to feel safe.”
“I’ve never felt safer than when I’m with you,” I whispered. 
The light from the fire danced in his eyes as he gazed at me.  He ran his hand through my hair as I kept my eyes on him.  Now would be the perfect time to tell him how I felt.  To tell him I wanted a future together, to tell him I was falling in love with him.  That you are in love with him.
We stayed like that for what seemed like hours, cozy by the fire, tangled together.  I dozed after a while and was awakened to Tyler gently lifting me off the floor.  Wrapped in the warm blanket, I snuggled close to his chest, taking in his scent.
He pulled the covers back and laid me in bed.  I rolled until I felt his body and pressed my hand to his chest.  “I didn’t want you to wake up with a back ache from sleeping on the floor.  Go back to sleep baby.  We both have to get up early tomorrow,”  Tyler murmured.
I buried my head in his chest and sighed, hoping every night I could fall asleep feeling safe and loved, whether it was love he had for me or not.


***

I was on cloud nine as I walked in the cold to work from Jamie’s car and couldn’t stop reliving last night in my head.  Tyler finally opening up to me in the hot tub, carrying me to the fire and making love to me…oh love…I was in love with Tyler Conklin.  I giggled like a school girl at the thought of it.  He had to of felt the same way; I could see it in his eyes.  I wanted him to say it first because the last thing I wanted was for the words to slip and freak Tyler out.
I straightened my gray shift dress as I walked through the Conklin building door in my yellow heels.  So they were a bit bright for the weather, but I didn’t care, they matched my mood.  Cheery, happy, and in love.
Will greeted me with a friendly smile and asked how my Thanksgiving was.  I must have been glowing like an idiot when I told him it was marvelous.  He talked about how he went up north to his wife’s family with his boys and was happy to have spent quality time with them.  Corey came up and joined us and filled us in on his trip to California to spend time with his brother.
Once we were caught up, we started to talk about our upcoming projects and established where we were at on our current ones and what our goals for the end of the year would be.  
When we were done conferencing, I got to work on my priority list of projects.  Corey walked by with a folder in his hands looking frazzled.
“I’m going to run this upstairs to Nathan then head to a meeting across town.”
“Do you want me to bring it up for you?”  I asked, quickly standing up.
Corey’s face turned into a smile.  “That would be great.  I’m running behind,” he said, handing me the folder.
I took it gratefully and walked with him to the elevators.  I couldn’t help the huge grin on my face.  I had an excuse to stop and see Tyler.  Hopefully I would catch him before he left for Ludington.
I stopped at Nathan’s office with the folder first and handed it to Jessica. She was busy on the phone and took the folder giving me a smile as though she knew it would be coming.  I smiled back and walked down to Tyler’s office.
The door was cracked open and as I started to approach it I heard voices.
“Are you going to be able to handle the financing for this new account?  You have seemed distracted lately.  Your brother was in an uproar the other day because he didn’t think you understood the seriousness of this account.”  It was RJ’s voice.  He sounded stern as though he were talking to a small child.
I heard Tyler’s voice next.  “RJ, I have been bending over backwards with this account.  It’s going to take time to work with numbers that both satisfy Enterprise and us.  I can’t give them an off estimate, and I sure as hell can’t trick them into it.  She’s on the fence still.  I need to give her accurate information.  I have talked to her nearly every day.  I’m going to meet with her today.”  His voice was annoyed.
“Alright, I believe you.  Make sure you nail this account.”  I heard a phone chirp then a soft chuckle from RJ.  “Well… seems I’ll be having plans this evening.” RJ said cockily.
I heard Tyler huff.  “Clearly not with my mother.”
RJ laughed.  “Your mother makes plans with other people just like I do, son.  What about you?  You headed out awfully early this weekend.  Were you coming back to see someone?” he coaxed.
I shouldn’t be here listening to this, but my feet were stuck to the floor.
“I told you, I have been busy with this account,” Tyler said in a low tone.
I could picture RJ’s face, his smirk being devilish as he was embarking on a chance to rile Tyler.
“I have been thinking about taking Becca Stine from the commercial architecture department out.  She seems to have a lot to offer,” RJ’s voice was flirtatious.  A lump formed in my throat.  What was he doing?  And worse, what was Tyler’s reaction going to be?
I heard a chair move as though someone sat down then a clinking of ice hitting a glass.  “She isn’t your type, RJ,” Tyler’s voice was menacingly low.  
“Oh, Tyler, you know women can’t resist my charm.  Have you given it a shot yet?”  He was luring him, trying to get a rise out of Tyler.  Maybe Tyler would finally tell him the truth?  Maybe he would tell his dad he was in love with me, oh… I would rush in and tackle him if he did.
I heard liquid being poured into a glass and then the sound of someone taking a seat.  “I can understand if she turned you down.  She seems like a… challenge.”
More noises of liquid and ice escaped the small crack in the door.
“And if she wasn’t a challenge?” Tyler asked irritated.
The sound of leather was followed by a chuckle.  “I only enjoy challenges, Tyler.”
The room went quiet, and I covered my mouth with my hand, worried my breathing would be heard by the two men who were clearly having a stare down.  Tyler more agitated than RJ.
“Well RJ, she’s easy.  I suggest you shoot for someone else.”  
“You sound like you have given it a try already?”
More silence.  More leather moved, as though RJ was leaning forward in his chair.
“Did you fuck her?”  His voice was low and arrogant.
More silence then painful words spread through the air.  “Yeah, I fuck her whenever I want.  She’s easy, the easiest lay I’ve ever had.  I don’t even have to take her out.  Like I told you, she isn’t your type.”
I held back a gasp as Tyler’s words burned my ears.  Tears flowed down my cheeks before I could even get a hold on what I had just heard.  Hearing enough I turned and headed for the stairwell instead of the elevator, afraid I would run into someone.  
My chest was heaving so heavily I thought I might go into cardiac arrest.  How could he say that about me?  Giving into his father’s bait so quickly?  Was he just a good actor and really only using me to get laid?  A sob escaped my mouth as I nearly fainted to the stairs.  I shuddered as I hugged my chest, trying to make up excuses for what Tyler said to be okay.  But there wasn’t any acceptable excuse for him to talk about me like that, no matter what angle he was trying to achieve.
As quickly as my heart swelled for him, it shattered twice as fast.  I was officially broken, and I couldn’t handle being in the same building as him.  I didn’t want to talk to him or hear his voice, and I sure as hell didn’t want to receive his cold stare in front of our co-workers.  I desperately tried to pull it together and started to walk down the flights of stairs taking deep breaths.  Once I reached my floor, I snuck into the bathroom.  My eyes were bloodshot and tears were streaming down my cheeks with mascara.  I frantically threw water on my face and in my eyes, but nothing helped.  
How could he say he fucked me whenever he wanted?
Well, I guess it was true, but by his own admission he said he always wanted the connection when we were together and never wanted it to be “just fucking.”
I made my way back to my desk, still attempting to compose myself, but the sting of Tyler’s words kept repeating in my head.
Yeah, I fuck her whenever I want.  She’s easy, the easiest lay I’ve ever had.  I don’t even have to take her out.  
“Hey Becca, can you start on these prints for me this afternoon?”  Will said coming up to me while looking through a folder.  He lifted his head to look at me as his eyes went wide.  “Becca, are you okay?” he asked with concern.
I nodded my head yes, “I’m sorry, I just…” Think Becca! “I used new eye makeup today.   I think I might be having a bad reaction to it or something,” I lied.
Will looked down at me with concern.  “Maybe you should go to a doctor?  Do you want me to take you?  Or call a cab for you?”
I shook my head no.  “Actually, would you mind if I took the rest of the day off?  I’m sure my mother would be able to take me.”
“Of course, can I call her for you?”
“No, I’ll be fine, thanks for understanding, Will,” I said, standing up and gathering my things.
“Okay, call and let me know how you are doing tomorrow.  If you need to take another day off let me know.”  Will was so sincere, and I felt horrible for lying to him, but I couldn’t tell him the truth. 
I headed to the elevator, and to my horror when it opened up, Tyler was staring at me.  His blank stare quickly faded into worry when he saw my broken face.  I rolled my eyes and started to walk toward the stairs.  I couldn’t stand to look at him.  I was a blubbering mess because of him.
Before I could reach the stair doors Tyler’s hand was on my arm.  He took a swift look around then yanked me inside and hit a button on the elevator.  Once the door closed he pulled me to him.
“Baby, what’s wrong?” he asked with concern.  I pushed away from him, causing his jaw to drop with confusion.
“Don’t touch me,” I choked, more tears escaping my eyes.
“Becca, what’s-”
“I’m done Tyler.  Why don’t you go find someone else to fuck that you don’t have to buy dinner for,” I sobbed.  I tried to sound angry and furious but only pain and sorrow escaped my mouth.
Tyler’s eyes went wide as he sucked in air.  “Becca, baby I didn’t-”
“Just STOP!”  I practically screamed at him.  “Fuck you for using me, you arrogant asshole!”
He was stunned against the opposite side of the elevator.  I had never raised my voice to him, and I had never cursed at him.  I had never shown any anger at this level toward him; I don’t think I have ever showed anyone half as much anger.  The elevator dinged at the basement floor before he could say anything else.
I darted out of the elevator feeling hurt and betrayed by the man I was determined to invest time in.  I had hoped to spend the rest of my life with him.
And he didn’t follow me.



Chapter 22



I went home and sobbed for hours.  I sobbed on my bed, I sobbed in the shower, I sobbed on the couch.  Nothing had ever hurt so badly.  Even walking in on my best friend screwing my boyfriend didn’t compare to this, and it was all because of the connection we made last night.  I loved Tyler Conklin, but he didn’t love me.  If you loved someone you wouldn’t be able to say those things about them, whether you meant it or not.
I left my phone in Jamie’s car, knowing Tyler would try and call and smooth things over just like he had after lying to his brother about walking on the pier, and how he lied about having a meeting just so he wouldn’t have to be seen with me at the office.  The problem was I would forgive him, and we would remain a secret, and I wasn’t okay with that.
By 6:00pm I managed to stop my tears long enough to get in the car and go pick Jamie up from the airport.  I needed her more than anything right now.  Once I got in Jamie’s car I glanced at my phone.  Sure enough, I had numerous calls and text messages from Tyler.  I deleted the texts without looking at them and shut off my phone.
I greeted Jamie in the pick-up lane at the airport, and she instantly knew something was wrong.  I just shook my head at her, and she understood.  She would give me silence until we reached the condo.
Once we were inside Jamie wrapped her arms around me and squeezed, and I broke down again.  I cried for damn near an hour with her until I could finally manage to speak about what had happened.
“He said that?  Why would he say that?  Why wouldn’t he just drop it?”
I just shrugged my shoulders while wiping my nose.
Jamie brought me to my bedroom and laid down next to me.  “I think I’ll die alone.  Maybe I should get a few cats.”
Jamie laughed, “No, you won’t die alone.  You will always have me.”
I hugged her tighter.  “Thanks Jay Rae, I don’t know what I would do without you.”
“Ditto, Becca.”


***

I called in sick the next day, telling Will my “reaction to the new makeup” was still bad and needed another day of Benadryl.  He understood and gave me well wishes.  I kept my phone off and in the kitchen.  I didn’t want to talk to anyone, and I didn’t want to succumb to Tyler’s constant calls.
A week went by and I managed to dodge Tyler at work.  Every day he left a single rose somewhere around my office space to remind me of him.  Every time I found one, I would throw it away and refuse to look at the note that was attached to it.  I didn’t need to cave and crawl back to him.  I was done being his dirty little secret.
I met my mother for lunch and somehow was able to avoid the topic of Tyler, until she started to talk about my father’s annual Christmas party for all of his business associates.
“Becca, we should start shopping for a dress for the Christmas ball this year.  Your father has reserved the museum.  It’s going to be beautiful.”
I shrugged my shoulders.  I didn’t have anyone to go with, and I wasn’t at all in the mood for a party.  “I’m not sure if I’m going to be able to go.”
“What are you talking about?  Your father ran into Tyler the other day and said he was excited for it and that he wanted to take you instead of riding with us in the limo like we normally do.”
He said what?
I just politely smiled at my mother while my insides were reeling.  How could he tell my dad that? I had been avoiding him and refusing his calls.  For the first time in a week I wasn’t sad about Tyler, but I was downright mad.  Furious even.  I was going to approach him the second I got to work.  I didn’t know if he was in the office, but I sure as hell was going to check, and I was going to give him a piece of my mind.
“We should go dress shopping, both you and Jamie.  It would be fun.”
Dress shopping with my mother was never fun.  Hearing her tell me it was okay that I didn’t wear a dress size as small as her and that I couldn’t wear certain styles because they didn’t fit my body structure made my ears bleed.  I didn’t need to feel any shittier about myself than I already did.
“Yeah, we will see,” I said, feeling full and pushing my plate away from me.


***

Roger dropped me off at the Conklin building, and I waved goodbye to my mother.  I marched into the building and stopped at the restroom.  I straightened my black shift dress and white belt and un-did my pony tail, running my hands through my hair trying to make it sexy.  I touched up my eyes and even put on the red lipstick I still hadn’t given back to Jamie and puckered my lips into the mirror.
I headed to the elevator with my head held high and went to the top floor.  I crossed my arms and tapped my foot, trying to focus all of my rage on Tyler.  He was bringing feelings out of me that I had never let out and normally would bottle up inside because I didn’t want to hurt anyone else’s feelings.  But I didn’t care with him.  He had drawn the line with insinuating we were together to my father.
I stomped to Tyler’s office, completely ignoring Cooper who was on the phone.  I pushed the door open and found Tyler sitting and staring at his computer.
“I need to talk to you,” I said with confidence, slamming the door behind me.  I straightened my shoulders and crossed my arms as I stood in front of his desk.
Tyler quickly rose from his chair and started to walk over to me.  He looked so damper in his gray pinstripe dress pants and light blue dress shirt.  I had to look toward the ceiling so I wouldn’t be distracted by his handsomeness.  The look on his face held both fear and hope as he approached me.  “Of course, but Becca can I just tell you that I’m so-”
“I said, I needed to talk to you,” I raised my voice, causing him to stop dead in his tracks before he reached me.  He put his hands in his pockets and closed his mouth.  His chest rose as he took a deep breath through his nose as though he knew what was coming.
“Why did you ask my father if I could ride with you to his Christmas party?” I said narrowing my eyes.
Tyler bit his lip and looked nervous.
“Because I’m not going anywhere with you, and I would appreciate it if you didn’t talk to my family about me and quit leaving me stupid roses everywhere!”
Tyler took a step closer to me, and it took everything in me to keep my hard exterior.  “I was going to ask you, but you haven’t answered your phone.  I have been bending over backwards to try and talk to you.  What exactly did RJ tell you anyway?”
I laughed once then frowned.  “RJ didn’t tell me anything.  I overheard you.”
Tyler’s shoulders dropped as he put his hands on his face.  He looked unbelievably sad, and his eyes gave away that he hadn’t been sleeping.
Serves him right.
“I didn’t mean it.  I just wanted RJ to stay the hell away from you!”  he exasperated, taking another step closer to me.  He was so close that I could smell his cologne.  My face fell.  I hated that I was showing this much animosity toward him.  He moved even closer to me, bravely lifting his hand to brush my cheek.  I tilted my head into his hand instinctively, letting my emotions get the best of me.
“I’m so sorry,” he whispered, bringing his face so it was just inches from mine.
I wanted more than anything to kiss him and tell him I believed him, but he had gone too far this time.  There was only one way I would forgive him.
“Tell your dad,” I whispered back, closing my eyes.
His nose was touching mine now, and our lips were going to meet any moment.  “Tell him what?”
I pulled my head back and looked at him.  His eyes were soft and affectionate, as though he thought he had won me over again.  The fire burned in my eyes as I looked at him, causing his face to fill with apprehension.
“Becca, I can’t.”
“Then I’m done.  You can’t give me what I want.  Goodbye Tyler.”  I started to walk toward his door, holding back tears.  If we weren’t going to be out in the open, then I wasn’t going to get the future I wanted so badly.  
I noticed a set of blueprints on a side table that had the name Prince on a sticky note as I turned to leave.  I took a sharp breath in and rapidly flung my body around, practically crashing into Tyler because he was following me.  The sudden impact startled me as his arms wrapped around my waist so I wouldn’t fall.  We were face to face.
“Becca, please!  We can work this out… I’m falling,” he sighed, “I need you.”  He pleaded in desperation, his breath smoothly touching my face.  My heart contracted so hard with his confession.   
Remembering what I had turned around so abruptly for, I reached over to grab the rolled up blue print, struggling because Tyler had his hands wrapped around my waist pulling my hips so they were touching his.  Trying to not get caught up in our closeness, I boldly asked.  “What are these?”
Tyler bit his lip uncomfortably and shifted his hands so they were gripping my waist.  His eyes were letting off a hint of fear as he let out a breath of air before he spoke.
“Ashlynn couldn’t get a hold of you about the prints, so she called my office and I told her that you had a lot on your plate and that I was going to finish them.”
I shoved his chest and threw the prints at him.
“Yeah, I bet you finished them for her!” I sneered at him.  Tears were no longer threatening, but anger and frustration rose in my chest.  
“Becca, I was just trying to help.  Ashlynn walks all over you and makes you feel like crap.  I didn’t want you to have to deal with her anymore.”  His tone was low as he took a step closer to me.
“The only person making me feel like crap right now is you!”  I said, shoving his chest again, voiding him to come any closer to me.
“I never should have said those lies about you to RJ, I’m sorry!” His eyes were pleading as he searched my entire body, trying to penetrate the energy of fury that I was radiating off my skin.
“So did you meet with Connor and Ashlynn?  Or did Ashlynn grace you with just her presence?”  I seethed.
Tyler tilted his head at me, his scowl forming out of discomfort.  “Becca, we just went over the blueprints.  It was nothing else.”
He avoided my question, and it took everything in me not to lash out at him.  He had probably met with her more than once, and she probably dazzled him with her good looks and flirtatious, perky body.  I could just picture her pawing at his arm as he pointed toward the blueprints.  The thought made my stomach churn.
His eyes shot up with realization.  “Becca, I would never touch her!  I can’t stand her!  You are the only one I want!” he exasperated while reaching for me.  I swatted his hands away and took another step back so my hand was on the door knob.
“Leave me alone.  I’m done being toyed with,” I said through gritted teeth, while turning the knob from behind.  I glared at him as I walked backwards through the doorframe and whipped my hair as I turned to walk away.  Just as I dramatically turned, I ran into another hard body.
“Whoa… are you okay?”  RJ said with his sly grin, grasping both of my biceps.
I stood up straight and pulled away from him.  “I’m fine.  I was just leaving,” I said more sternly than I meant to.
“Becca, I have been meaning to ask you if you wanted to grab dinner.  Let’s say, Friday?” he said with his big blue eyes and salacious grin.  It felt more like he was looking at Tyler than at me as he asked.  Steam must have been coming from my ears.  The Conklin men were really starting to piss me off.
I glanced over at Tyler who looked pale and pleading.
“I think if you want to meet with me about work, it should be during office hours,” I simply said as I stepped past him and hurried to the stairwell.



Chapter 23



“Becca, it’s been three weeks of this shit.  Let’s go out,” Jamie said, jumping on my bed.  I was curled up in my blankets wearing sweats.
“I’m just tired, okay?  I don’t feel like going out in the snow and the cold!” I said with irritation.
Jamie sighed and cocked her head at me.  “Well, you need to start answering your phone.  Everyone keeps calling me trying to get a hold of you.  I can only come up with excuses for so long.”
I rolled my eyes at her.  “Who is calling you looking for me?”
“Your mother.  I keep telling her you are really busy.  She wants us to go with her to Tanaz on Saturday before the Christmas party.  You know it’s this weekend, right?”
I groaned.  I had done everything to avoid Tyler at work, and there would be no way I would be able to avoid him at that party.  Maybe he would have to be in Chicago for the weekend and I wouldn’t have to worry about it.
“I think it’s a good idea.  We can get all beautiful, and the night before we can go get dresses. It would be a great girls’ day.”  Jamie pleaded.
“Yeah, so I can have my mom point out what doesn’t look good on me.  I don’t feel like having her beat around the bush about my ass looking huge in an elegant gown,” I said covering my face with my blanket.
“Um, what ass?  Speaking of which, when was the last time you ate?  You are wasting away.”
“I ate a bag of Doritos yesterday.”
“One, a snack size bag of Doritos doesn’t count, and two, it isn’t a meal, and three, since when do you eat Doritos?”
Since I realized my life would always be a giant cluster fuck.
“Becca, you need to eat.  I’m not doing this with you again.”  She pulled the blanket down to expose my face.  “I know you miss Tyler, and believe me, he’s getting on my nerves too.”
I gave her a quizzical look.  Why would he be bothering her?  “Has he… called you?”  I choked, not sure if I wanted to know the answer.
She looked uneasy, as though she wasn’t sure how to tell me something.  “Yes, he has called me every day.  He keeps bugging me to talk to you, and he wants me to tell him how to make you forgive him.”
I couldn’t hide the irritation in my eyes.  I didn’t like that he was calling Jamie, and I didn’t like that Jamie didn’t tell me.
“The past week whenever I answer I say the same thing, ‘Did you tell your parents about Becca?’ and if he doesn’t answer me, I hang up.  I’m on your side Bec.”
I felt bad for being annoyed with her and a tear escaped my eye.
“Becca, I’m sorry.  I should have told you.  Come on, let’s do something fun tonight.”
“I don’t feel like going out,” I said wiping the tear from my cheek.
She sighed at me again.  “Why don’t you call that Gage guy?  And Lauren?  We could play that card game you taught me in college.  Oh Becca, let’s do that!  It would be so much fun!”
“I need to stay far away from Gage, Jay Rae.  I’m so emotionally unstable right now, and I would do something stupid with him.”
“Maybe that’s what you need, Bec.”
I was agitated with her again.  When was she going to believe me that I didn’t want to do that anymore.  “I’m not going to just fuck random guys anymore.  When are you going to get that?”
Jamie blanched at my words.  “I’m sorry,” she whispered.
I felt bad again; I really needed to get a hold of myself.  “Speaking of guys, what about Sean?  You haven’t gone out with him in a while.  Why don’t you give him a call?”
She bit her nail and shrugged her shoulders.  “Well… he has his kid tonight…” she trailed off.
What?
“He has a kid?”  I asked in shock.  
She sat up on the bed and crossed her legs.  “Yeah… he is kind of… married.”
My jaw dropped.  “What?”  I said in a low tone.
She shrugged her shoulders, “Well, they are separated.  He isn’t sure if they’re going to get a divorce or not.  He has his son every Wednesday night and every other weekend.”
How could she do that?  “Jamie, they’re married.”  I was trying to fight back fury toward her.  I had been cheated on, and it was miserable.  She had witnessed it, and now she was doing it to someone else?
“Becca, don’t look at me like that, he’s only married on paper,” she said.
I shook my head at her.  I had to leave before I said something I would regret.  “I’m going to the gym,” I said, getting out of bed and going into my closet to get some clothes to workout in.
“Didn’t you go to the gym after work?”  she asked, following me off the bed.
“I feel like running.  I’ll be back late.  Don’t wait up for me,”  I mumbled while putting on shorts under my sweats.  I grabbed my sneakers and headed for the front door.


***

I sat in the lounge area of the gym staring off into space with my knees to my chest on the hard sofa couch trying to push the fact that Jamie was sleeping with a married man from my mind.   I managed to drop most of the irritation about Jamie keeping Tyler’s phone calls from me while hitting the row machine.  Fiddling with my protein shake, I was startled by Gage’s voice.
“Hey Bs!  What are you doing here?”  Gage said with a huge smile.  He set his bag down and sat down on the couch next to me.
“I have a membership here.  What are you doing here?”  I asked him, puzzled to see him at a downtown gym when he lived on the other side of town.
“I play in a basketball league here with some guys from work.  I have tried to call you the past couple of weeks.  Have you been avoiding me for a reason?” he teased.
I hugged my knees tight to my chest with my chin resting on my shoulder as I looked at him.  “Sorry, I haven’t been checking my phone a whole lot lately.”
“Well, why don’t we go get some pizza.  It was fun chatting at McFaddens.  Let’s catch up some more.”
My face went contrite at his invitation.  I knew I would have fun if I went out with him, but I just didn’t feel like going out.  I was too busy trying to forget about Tyler.
“What is it?  You worried about what that guy is going to think if we hang out?” he flirted.
My face fell again.  I didn’t want to talk about Tyler.
“Uh oh, trouble in paradise?”  Gage asked, shifting so he was facing me.  The urge to cry was on the horizon.  Hearing Gage ask about him brought me back to when they had first met, how I wrapped my arms around Tyler because I was so happy to see him come get me at the bar.  
“My life was never a paradise, you know that,” I said, trying to change the subject.
Gage gave me a crooked smile and stood up holding his hand out to me.  I took it as he helped me up.  “Well, let’s go find paradise.”  His eyes were dancing, and I couldn’t help but smile at him.  His dimples made an appearance when his grin grew wider to my reaction.  I let go of his hand to reach for my hoodie.  His eyes studied me as I put on my warmer clothes.
“Let’s go to Vitale’s.  You need to eat something,” he said, putting his backpack over his shoulders.
“I look awful.”  It was true.  My hair was sweaty and my skin was glistening.  I was in desperate need of a shower.
“Yeah, you look like you haven’t eaten in days.  Come on, I’ll drive.”
I walked with him out to the parking lot.  My eyes widened to see he had the same car after all these years.  He opened his door and flashed a smug smile at my opened mouth.  His black two-door Chevelle from the 90’s held lots of memories.  Shaking my head, I climbed in and took in the smell of the white leather.  I closed my eyes and felt the smooth texture on my fingertips, remembering how it felt on my bare back.  This really wasn’t a good idea.
“You know, I’m really kind of tired.  Would you mind just bringing me home?  I live about a half a mile north.”
“Sure, after we eat something.” He grinned, starting the engine to the Chevelle, having it roar to life as he pulled out of the parking lot.
“Gage, I really don’t feel up to going out and seeing people in my gym clothes,” I whined.
“Becca, you look beautiful and way too skinny.  It’s time to eat some pizza.”
I was so not skinny.
I slouched in the seat holding my gym bag to my chest.  I wasn’t going to win with him, and I hoped he wouldn’t be too annoyed when I ordered a salad.  
Fortunately Vitale’s wasn’t crowded, probably because there weren’t any major sporting events taking place on a Wednesday night.  As we sat in a booth, Gage ordered a pitcher of Bud Light.
“So, do you still like Hawaiian pizza?”  Gage asked as he opened the menu.
“I don’t eat pizza,” I said biting my lip.
He scowled at me.  “Well, I think you should splurge tonight.  Besides, we always went and got pizza together.”
“Gage, that was almost six years ago.”
He leaned over the table and licked his lips, “Maybe we should relive the past tonight.”
I leaned backwards.  He was so tempting, but I couldn’t.  
“Gage…”
He laughed and leaned backwards throwing the menu on the table.  “Becca, relax.  Can’t we just have fun like we used to?  You obviously haven’t had a good time in a while.”
The server came back and took our orders.  Gage frowned at me when I ordered a salad.  I was frowning internally because it was so late, but I was hungry and the only food I had eaten all day was a protein shake at the gym.  
When our food came, Gage made a big deal about how awesome the pizza looked and tasted.  I just picked at my salad.  The pizza did look really good.
“B, you really need to eat a slice of this… it’s really good… mmm,” he exaggerated as he took a bite.  I let out a small smile.  He leaned forward chewing with his flirtatious gleam in his eye.  “If you don’t take a slice of this pizza, I’m going to come over to your side of the booth and tickle you.”
I narrowed my eyes at him.  “Yeah, right.”  
He lifted his eyebrows and cocked his head.  “I mean it Bs, you better take a slice of this…”
I rolled my eyes trying to contain my smile as I took a bite of my boring salad.  I felt a body slide next to me in the booth and an arm relax across my shoulder and a hand on my hip.  I froze.  “Don’t even think about it,” I said sternly while glaring at him, leaning as close to the wall as I could.
He moved his hand from my hip and took a piece of pizza and put it on a plate in front of me.  “Come on, one little piece…” he coaxed closer to my ear.  His voice was sensual, and I was caught off guard by his playfulness turning into seduction.
I moved my eyes from the pizza to his face.  His eyes were dark with hunger while a smile played on his lips. I took a breath in when he moved his hand to my thigh.  I clenched my teeth and shook my head.  “I’m not eating that.  Go back to your side of the table.”
He shrugged his shoulders and then attacked my sides.  I didn’t think he would actually start tickling me in a restaurant like this!
“Gage, STOP!”  I laughed as I wiggled trying to grab a hold of his hands.
“I’ll stop when you eat it,” he teased.  The few heads that were in the restaurant were starting to turn our way.  My face grew beet red as Gage’s fingers were relentless.
“FINE!”  Gage pulled his hands off me and remained in the booth, eyeing me with amusement as I picked up the pizza.  I let out a sigh and bit a small piece off the end.
Oh my…
It tasted unbelievably good.  I chewed it slowly as if that would make me burn the calories I was consuming.  The way the cheese was melting in my mouth mixed with the sweetness of the pineapple and the saltiness of the ham.  It was as though I had died and gone to heaven.
“It’s good, right?”  Gage grinned, encouraging me to take another bite.
I guess one piece of pizza wouldn’t kill me.  Hopefully I wouldn’t dream about it the next few nights and cave to the urge of ordering one in the middle of the night.
The rest of the meal went by with great ease.  Gage talked about his work and how his manager was really fond of him and was helping him learn how to manage the shop.  He filled me in on how his mom was doing and that he was staying with her to help with the mortgage.  I admired his loyalty to his mom.  She worked so hard for Gage, and they clearly were all each other had.
He stayed on my side of the booth, and when we were done eating and had gotten our change back, he slid his hand back on my thigh.  It felt nice, but I felt uncomfortable that it didn’t bother me.  I went to move his hand, and he interlaced our fingers while standing up to pull me out of the booth in a swift movement.
He gave me a heartwarming smile as we walked out of the restaurant hand in hand.  I tried to let go, but he wouldn’t let me until we got to his car.  He even opened the door for me.  Gage never did that.
He got into his side of the car and pulled out of Vitale’s.  “Where do you live?  Or is your car back at the gym?” he asked.
“No, I walked to the gym.  I live in the River House Condos on Lake Michigan by Pearl Street.”
He smiled in attempt to hide the sadness in his eyes.
We pulled into the ramp, and I told him where to park.  “You could have just dropped me off at the front.”
He shrugged his shoulders and turned the car off.  “I don’t mind,” he said, not budging from his seat.  I gulped at his stare.  His eyes were getting hungry again, and I wasn’t ready for what he wanted.  
“Gage…”  I didn’t know how to tell him I wasn’t ready to be with another man, especially one that I knew didn’t want anything more than something physical.
He stretched his arm out across the back of the bench seat and slouched a bit in the seat, as though he were inviting me to come snuggle up next to him.  “Bs, we’ve had some good memories in this front seat,” he said, ignoring my accusing tone.
I sighed.  “Yeah, I know… and thank you for tonight.  It was nice and took my mind off … things.”
He smiled and patted the seat next to him.  “Let’s clear your mind completely.”
I rolled my eyes.  He was always so blunt, acting as though he were joking but really wasn’t.
“I’m not going to have sex with you just to have sex.  I’m not letting myself do that anymore,” I said in a whispered, unable to look at him.
He scooted so he was right next to me.  “Becca, I’m not just some random guy.  We know each other,” he said lifting his hand and moving my bangs across my forehead.  “You and I both know it will be good.  It always is with us.”  His lips were so close to my ear.  
“I know, but I’m 24.  I want to settle down, get married, have a family.  I know that might seem weird now a days, but I don’t...I don’t want to be used anymore,” I choked out.  I felt tears build up in my eyes.  
He put his forehead on my temple and wrapped his arms around me.  “You can have all that, but why not start tomorrow?”
Was he serious?  God, he was a tramp.  I always knew he was, but those words sealed the deal.  I opened the door and pushed him away from me.
“Bs,” he said in a scolding tone, while scampering out of the car to follow me.  “This is about that stiff you were with at McFadden’s, isn’t it?  You’re hung up on him aren’t you?”
I marched to the elevator.
“No, he turned out to be an asshole, and I don’t invest time into assholes anymore,” I seethed with tears flowing down my cheeks, tapping my foot on the floor as though it would make the elevator arrive faster.
“Come on, you know you can’t put me in that category.  We had something that summer.  You were the one who squashed it.”
I turned and gaped at him.  “Are you kidding?  You are the biggest whore.  You were sleeping with other girls that summer!  Don’t act like I meant more to you than some easy lay!”  I was angry and not in the mood to put up with him trying to coax me back into bed with him.
His face went red.  “I never slept with anyone else that summer!”
I laughed in his face.  “Well I know you screwed my sister’s friend the second I went away to school!”  I wiped away tears.  Why was the elevator taking so damn long?
He fidgeted in front of me with his hands in his mesh pants pockets.  “I missed you, okay?  I was trying to fill the void,” he mumbled as though he was embarrassed and afraid to meet my eyes.  I laughed again.  He was trying really hard to get laid.
“I’m glad this is funny to you,” he said glaring at me.
My laughter turned into a frown then into sobs.  I was so fed up with men and their bullshit.
Gage pulled his hands out of his pockets and reached for me.   I stepped back, hitting the wall.  Gage grabbed both of my biceps, lowering his eyes to meet mine. 
“I know I’m a man whore, and I’m sorry.  But we are friends, Bs.  I don’t like when you are sad.  No more trying to get into your pants, okay?”
He was being sincere, and I cried harder.  Finally the elevator came, and we both walked on.  Gage pulled me into his chest, tightly wrapping his arms around me as I held my hands to my face crying.
“Do you want to talk?  I can stay,” he said rubbing my back.
I shook my head no.  I didn’t want to talk, not to Gage, not to Jamie, not to anyone.  

I left Gage at the front door and wandered inside, loathing in my self pity.  Just as I was going to my room, Jamie’s phone started ringing.  I stopped dead in my tracks and narrowed my eyes.  She must have left it on the counter before she went to bed.
My curiosity got the best of me.  I went to the counter and picked up the phone.  I groaned and decided to answer.  “Hello?”
“Becca dear!  I have been trying to reach you!  Did you lose your phone?” my mother exasperated.
“Nope, I shut it off.  I have been busy.”  My tone was flat.
“Well, we need to get you a dress for the Christmas party this weekend.  What is Tyler wearing?  You should complement him.” 
“Remember how I told you not to look into my friendship with Tyler?  We aren’t dating, and I’m not going to Dad’s party with him,” I said gritting my teeth.
“Oh, no… Becca what happened?” my mother asked with concern.
“Nothing happened.  Nothing ever happened,” I whispered.
“Well, he is shooting for the stars, sweetheart.”  I knew the tone she was taking.  She was secretly saying I wasn’t good enough for him.
“You haven’t gone on an ice cream binge have you dear?  My PT is available for you to use if you did darling.  I’m sure he can whip you into shape if you book with him the rest of the week,” she said with sincerity.  I wanted to chuck the phone across the room.  Was I ever going to be good enough for her?  Even if I did binge on a pint of ice cream, why the hell should she care?  Shouldn’t she just love me for me no matter what I looked like or put in my mouth?
“I’m fine.  I have to go,” I said hanging up the phone before she could say anything else.  I tossed Jamie’s phone on the counter.
I was on the verge of losing my sanity.  
As though a light bulb turned on, a devilish grin spread across my face. 
Fuck all of them.
“It’s time for a change, and I don’t care what anyone else thinks.  If I have to find happiness in my own misery then I will,” I said to myself.
I went to find my cell phone.  Ignoring the boatload of missed calls, I scrolled through my phone to find the one person that would make my mother’s skin crawl, Ashlynn jealous, and Tyler furious.
I hit the name and held the phone up to my ear.
“Hey, Gage?  I need to ask you a favor.”



Chapter 24



I put on my new red dress and stared at the direct result of not giving a shit about what everyone else thought of me.  Jamie and I ended up going to Tanaz to get pampered, including a new hairstyle.  I dyed my hair dark brown and had big, sexy curls.  My eyebrows were perfectly threaded and my makeup was dark and sexy.  I had deep red lipstick that matched my showy dress.  It was a V cut that exposed my cleavage and was shorter in the front, to mid-thigh, but then was elegantly long in the back.  I wore sky-high red heels.  I was uncomfortable, on edge, and felt like a vixen.  I barely recognized myself, and it was exactly the look I wanted.
I called Gage and asked him to take me to the Christmas party.  Gage pulling up in his loud black Chevelle would make my mother stop dead in her tracks, and she would be floored when I stepped out of the car with the high school bad boy she so desperately wanted both Heather and me to avoid.
Jamie walked in and leaned on the door frame, watching me look myself over in the mirror.  “Not bad Becca.  You will catch Tyler’s eye with that.”
I closed my eyes.  “I don’t care if he notices me.  I’m fed up with him and his bullshit,” I lied.
Walking into my room she plopped on my bed.  She was wearing a dark green long strapless dress with silver heels.  Her caramel hair was in an intricate up-do, and she looked beautiful.  “Well, he hasn’t given you any bullshit in three weeks since you have been avoiding him.”
I rolled my eyes.  Even though I yelled at him for the roses, he was still persistent about leaving them around my office.  I would randomly find them throughout the day.  Sometimes I would find them in my cabinets or hidden in my rolled up blueprints that I would be working on.  He even was gutsy enough to leave them out in the open, like on my computer desk or office chair.  No one noticed though, but then again, I worked in an office with all men who didn’t notice pretty gestures.  My heart softened when I thought about how he was still making an effort.  I still refused to read the sayings, but I did guiltily start collecting and saving them.  I hid them in my bedroom side table.  I had at least three dozen, all in different colors.  All of the unread notes were put in an envelope in the same drawer.
“Becca, don’t get me wrong… I love this new side to you, but you are being kind of hard on him.  Maybe you should talk to him tonight?  I think he’s in love with you.”
I closed my eyes, trying to push back the tears that were threatening to build.  No matter how annoyed and how betrayed I felt by him, I just wanted to love him and have him love me back.  But his words still stung.
“I can’t be his secret, Jamie,” I whispered with closed eyes and a heavy heart.
She stood up and put her hand and head on my shoulder, staring at me with her big brown eyes through the mirror.
“I know you love him.  I can see it on your face whenever anyone says his name.”
I fanned my face and blew out a huge breath of air, blinking my eyes trying to rid of the tears.
Noticing I wanted a change of subject, Jamie said, “Well, let’s go have a pre-party shot.” 
Jamie poured two shots of Jack Daniels, and we threw them both back.  The call button rang as we finished another shot.  
“Oh, that must be Sean!”  Jamie said excitedly.  
“I thought you weren’t going with anyone?”  I asked.
“I’m sorry, but he was free tonight… I didn’t think you would mind,” she said.
I tilted my head at her and gave her an annoyed stare.  Why was she still talking to him?  Jamie quickly went to open the door for him once we heard a knock.  The second she opened the door he practically attacked her.  
I rolled my eyes and threw back another shot.  
“Becca, do you want us to wait for Gage?  We can all ride together,” she asked, trying to hold back Sean, who clearly didn’t even notice I was there.  At least he had the decency to take a step back when he saw me.  I couldn’t help from frosting my eyes at him.  He was cheating on his wife.  I didn’t care if they were separated.  That piece of paper meant something, and I’m sure his wife didn’t know he was screwing around with another woman.
“No, just go… I’ll see you there,” I said flatly, while pouring another shot.  They both walked out the door and left me with the bottle of Jack.  I had a good five shots in me by the time I heard the buzzer.  I allowed access to the elevator and a knock on the door quickly followed.  When I opened the door Gage was standing in a full out black tux carrying a bouquet of flowers.
My eyes widened at his appearance.  He was cleaned up and very nicely at that.  His hair was a touch longer, but still very short, and he was clean shaven.  His soft brown eyes were twinkling as I opened the door and then turned heated when he saw me.  
Gage looked thrown off as he stumbled over his words. “Uh, hi.  These are for you...”  He handed me the flowers.  “Becca… wow.  I never pictured you as a brunette, but I like it,” he said, cocking his head at me, looking completely stunned.
I let out a soft smile and brought the flowers inside to put them in a vase.  Gage followed me in, taking in the over the top surroundings.  After I had gone to his house for the first time, I never liked bringing him to my house when we were younger.  His house was small and modest, while mine growing up was over the top and unnecessary.  The familiar feeling was creeping up on me as he looked over my expensive furnishings and décor.
“Nice place,” he murmured, walking over to the kitchen island.  He noticed the bottle of Jack and his lips quirked, his dimples making their heart stopping appearance.  “Need a buzz for this special occasion?”
“You… have no idea,” I said, while filling the vase with water and fluffing the pretty mixture of wild flowers.  I placed them on the counter and walked over to him, filling the two shot glasses.  He took one and we clinked glasses then poured them down our throats.  Gage kept his eyes on me.  I was feeling the Jack burning in my chest, and I was beginning to think nothing was going to get me through this.
Gage put the shot glass down and took a step closer to me.  “Want to play hooky?”  He grinned, putting his arm around my shoulders.
I couldn’t help but smile at him, and if my heart still wasn’t torn into a million pieces, I would have tackled him right then and there, but I couldn’t do that.  My heart still belonged to Tyler, even if I was fighting every feeling in my body about it.  
“No, we have to go.  Besides, I need to piss a few people off tonight, although you aren’t helping by looking so charming,” I grinned, nudging him.
“Bs, I always leave an impression,” he said, grabbing my hand and pulling me to the door.


***

His black Chevelle roared as we pulled up to the valet at the entrance to the museum.  Gage was very leery of handing over his keys but eventually did and held his arm out for me to take.  I was impressed; this was all very un-Gage like.  Gage didn’t do flowers and dressing up. 
“Thank you again for coming to this with me,” I said, squeezing his arm tightly as we entered through the revolving doors.
He looked down at me and shrugged his shoulders.  “You know I enjoy ruffling people’s feathers.”
I laughed at his honesty and then gulped as we entered the mass amount of elegant and sophisticated people.  It was something I had grown up with and was used to, but by all means it wasn’t something I liked.  I always felt like an outsider, like I didn’t belong because I didn’t look the part.  Gage put on a good exterior, but I knew he was terrified inside.  This was out of his comfort zone, but he was good at fooling people.
“You do remember my mother, right?”   I whispered up into his ear as we approached the table of seating charts. 
“How could I forget?  Your mom loved me,” he teased.
“Did you ever meet my dad?”
He shook his head no.  I wasn’t surprised.  I never hung out with Gage on Sundays because they were dedicated to my father, and even though Gage would be at my house late at night, it didn’t mean my parents actually knew he was there.
“Well, you will get to meet him tonight.”
“So how do you want me to act?  Like the boy who just wants to take you home to sleep with him?  Am I supposed to be madly in love with you?”
“Just be my friend, please,” I said, grabbing the table setting that said Becca Stine & Guest.  
I wasn’t sure how I wanted him to act.  I wanted to use him to piss off my mother, to prove to Ashlynn that he would rather go home with me than her, and I wanted to make Tyler jealous.  Or at least I thought I did.  
He nodded his head as we walked around the vast museum.  It was beautifully lit with Christmas lights and garland.  The ceiling of the main area had Christmas lights hanging around the life size skeleton of a humpback whale.  Each round table was dressed with the finest red linens and a large floral centerpiece was placed in the middle.  A DJ was located at the far end of the room next to one of the many bars.  If we were to walk past the DJ and one of the wide staircases that led to the second floor of the museum, there was a carousal finely lit, surrounded by glass windows that overlooked the Grand River.  If we were to walk to the other side of the DJ, a very cool, detailed version of the streets of Grand Rapids from the 1890s would be displayed, filled with brick roads and antiques.  Waiters meandered through the mass of mingling people holding appetizers and glasses of champagne.  Soft classical music was playing along with the murmurs of beautiful people.
Gage shook his head and smiled at his surroundings and then we walked off toward the bar.  
“I’m assuming I can’t get a three Wiseman shot, can I?”  Gage sighed as we walked up to the bartender.  
“Not exactly.  Can I get a gin and tonic please?”  I said to the bartender.  
“Becca?”  Ashlynn screeched my name as she shuffled toward me in her heels.
I shot my eyes to the ceiling. “Can you make that a double please?”
Gage rolled his eyes and turned the other way when he saw Ashlynn coming.  “Jesus, you didn’t tell me she was going to be here,” he mumbled.
I slumped on the bar waiting for my drink as I gave him a, I’m right there with you buddy, look.
“Becca, you dyed your hair?  I barely recognized you!  I really like it!” she said sincerely.  I winced at her, feeling a hint of guilt for being annoyed she was walking over to us when she was giving me a compliment.
“Gage?  What are you doing here?”  Ashlynn asked as she approached us, Connor trailing behind her.  She almost looked flustered when she saw him.  Ashlynn was always annoyed when I hung out with him, which is one of the reasons why I brought him along.
“Clearly, I’m with Becca,” Gage said snottily, taking his drink from the bartender.
Ashlynn narrowed her eyes at Gage and then glanced between the two of us, her mind reeling, trying to put the pieces together.
“You didn’t come with Tyler?” she asked way too calmly.
I sighed and stood tall, taking a long sip of my drink.  “Tyler and I aren’t together anymore,” I finally said once I had downed half of my drink.
Ashlynn’s eyes widened slightly then became cool.  “Hmm, that’s too bad,” she said, twiddling with one of her long blond strands as her blue eyes scanned me.  She was plotting something in her head, and it made me uneasy.
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Connor said sincerely.  I gave him a wry smile and took another gulp of my drink.  I felt Gage put a hand around my waist as he stood up tall next to me.  He knew who Connor was, and he knew what he did to me.  
“She’s moved on just fine,” Gage said, wrapping his other arm around my waist, pulling me to his chest.  I let out an awkward smile and looked up at Gage, who happened to be glaring at Connor.  Connor looked between the two of us as though he was going to be quizzed on what we were wearing after dinner.
I gulped and took my eyes away from Gage’s face and pulled away from his embrace.  
“Hey, it’s about time you showed up,” Jamie’s voice came from behind Ashlynn.  “Can I get two Pinot Grigios, please?” she asked the bartender, who looked annoyed we had decided to hang out right next to the busy bar.  Jamie took the drinks and handed one to Sean who came up next to her.
“Jamie, what a surprise to find you next to the bar,” Ashlynn grumbled.
Jamie took a sip of her wine and hummed as though she were testing the taste of the wine.  “Ashlynn, what a surprise to find you talking to Becca.  The only person who can stand to be around you,” Jamie said as though it was nothing.  “Well, and him for whatever reason,” she said pointing at Connor with her pinky, her other fingers holding her wine glass.  Gage tried to hide a smile.
Ashlynn rolled her eyes and took Connor’s hand.  “Whatever, Jamie.  Come on Connor, let’s go find our table.”  They walked away, Connor clearly looking flustered by Jamie’s comment.  Jamie had a sly grin on her face as though she had earned a made Ashlynn flush point.
“Hi, I’m Jamie, Becca’s roommate,” she said to Gage then introduced Sean.
“Nice to meet you.  I’m glad I’m not the only one who can’t stand that stuck up blonde,” Gage said glaring at Ashlynn.  “She was always the biggest prude toward me and then she made a move on me once during our junior year, and I denied her.  She has been a total bitch ever since.”
I laughed.  I had no idea that happened.  It drove my point home even harder with Ashlynn.  At least one of the men I had been with she hadn’t, and hopefully Tyler was still in that mix as well.  
“Come on, let’s go to our table,” I said as we all wandered through the gloriously decorated museum to find our seats.  Once we did, Gage went back to the bar to refill our drinks.  We were sitting at a table with my brother Michael and his date.  Ray and my sister Heather were assigned there as well but Heather wasn’t sitting next to him.
“Where’s Heather?”  I asked.
Ray shrugged his shoulders.  “She wanted to stay home with Josie.  She said Josie didn’t feel well, but I think she just didn’t want to be seen nearly nine months pregnant.  I have been calling and checking on her every half hour.”
I had almost forgotten Heather was due in ten days.  Gage came back and sat next to me, giving me another gin and tonic.  My parents were seated a few tables down from us, and I could feel my mother’s glare toward Gage and me.  I wasn’t in the mood to put up with her being snooty toward Gage just because she didn’t think he was good enough to be a part of her society. 
I quickly glanced around to see if I would notice the Conklin table.  I wonder if Tyler would bring a date.  The thought depressed me.  What if he were with that older woman? 
Yuck, don’t think about that!
I didn’t notice them, and I thought maybe they weren’t going to show.  Jamie noticed me scanning the room.  “Becca, join me in going to the restroom?” 
I half smiled and looked at Gage.  He gave me a nod saying he would be fine as I got up to join Jamie.  She linked arms with me as we walked through the groups of people toward the restroom.
“I saw Tyler.  He asked me if you were here,” Jamie said, as we entered the bathroom.
“What did you tell him?”  I asked.  
“That you were here,” she said nonchalantly as she dabbed under her eyes, looking over her face in the mirror.
I crossed my arms staring her down in the mirror.  She rolled her eyes and turned to look at me.  “RJ is here too.  I think you should lay some moves on Tyler while RJ is watching then he will find out about you two.”
“Yeah, then it will drive the point home that Tyler can fuck me whenever he wants,” I spat, leaving the restroom.  I swear Jamie didn’t think sometimes.  
I went over to the bar to get another gin and tonic, even though my lips were already numb.  I took a huge gulp as I felt a hand on my back.
“Mind your alcohol, Rebecca.”  It was my mother.  I shot my eyes to the ceiling and let out a groan.  I hated when she used my full name.  
“Don’t worry mother, I won’t embarrass you anymore than I already do.”
“Watch your tone,” she said under her breath.  “What are you doing with that boy?  Tyler is here.  He will see you with him,” she chided.
“That boy is Gage, he’s a real person too, you know,” I said curling my lip, taking another gulp of my drink. 
“You and Gage are from different worlds.  It will never work between you two.  Go make up with Tyler, he’s what you need.  Whatever you did I’m sure he’ll forgive you.”
Whatever I did?  
My eyes frosted over at my mother.  “Did it ever occur to you that maybe he did something to mess it up and not me?”
Her eyes widened at my malevolence.
“Yeah, I didn’t think so.  I know it’s a big surprise to you that I didn’t screw things up with him, or that he even glanced my way, but he’s an ass.”
“Rebecca! -”
“I think you have some social ladder climbing to attend to,” I gritted my teeth before she could continue scrutinizing me.  I was sick of her belittling me and treating me like the ugly duck, even if that was exactly what I was.
I quickly stomped away from her through the crowd of people.  Before I reached my table I accidentally bumped into a gentleman.  I started to apologize for my clumsiness and was thrown off when he turned around.
“Nathan, I’m so sorry,” I said, taking a step back from him. 
He gave me a half smile and raised his glass.  “Don’t worry about it.  How are you doing?  I haven’t seen you wandering around my floor in a while,” Nathan asked with a smirk, taking a sip of his drink and looking up toward the ceiling. 
“Yes well, I’m sure you know why,” I sighed.
 “You two should really kiss and make up; Tyler has been a complete pain in my ass the last few weeks.”  His eyes never left the ceiling when he spoke.
“Not my fault,” I said easily, playing with the straw in my drink.
His lip quirked into a half smile as he took another sip of his drink, his eyes glued to the same spot.  “I believe that, but I’m afraid he’s in love with you, and I don’t think his mood is ever going to be the same until you let him back in.”  Nathan finally took his eyes away from where he was looking and looked at me.  His soft blue eyes were framed by small rectangle designer glasses.  “You and I both know he has issues with RJ.  Just give him some time.  He will come around.”
I pursed my lips at him.  “I don’t care what issues he has.  I won’t let him talk to RJ about how I’m some easy lay.”  I closed my eyes tight feeling a lump in my throat.  I didn’t mean to fill Nathan in on what I had overheard Tyler and RJ discussing.  I let the alcohol make that decision for me.  I needed to go find a glass of water.  Before Nathan could say anything else, I walked past him to find our table just in time for my father’s voice to come over the speaker phone asking everyone to take their seats.
“Are you okay?”  Gage asked.
I slumped in my chair and downed my glass of water then put my hands on my head.  “Nope.”
Before Gage could say anything, my father started his spiel on how grateful he was for all of his associates and clients then continued with a prayer before the food was served.
I was grateful for food to be placed in front of me.  I needed to sober up a bit.  I was bound to run into Tyler, and I couldn’t risk losing my head with him.
Jamie was sitting next to me and put her hand on my thigh.  I squeezed her hand and kept my head down.  Her silent comfort made me feel bad for lashing out at her.
I barely touched the food that was on my plate, pushing it around as though it would look like I had touched it.  I couldn’t think straight.  Nathan told me Tyler was in love with me, and I wanted him so badly.  Tears were threatening my eyes throughout dinner.  It felt like everyone at our table could feel my unsettled and erratic energy as we ate in silence.
My father and mother came walking over to our table as we were finishing dinner.
“Becca, you look lovely.  I like your hair,” my dad said.  I gave him a soft smile.  He was always so loving and sweet.  If only my mother could be that way instead of judging and edgy.
“Thanks Daddy,” I whispered, frantically blinking my eyes so the tears wouldn’t fall down my cheeks.  I quickly stood, tugging on Gage’s arm for him to stand with me.  
“Dad, this is Gage,” I said.  
Gage held is hand out to my father.  “It’s nice to meet you, Mr. Stine.”
My father shook Gage’s hand and gave him a warm smile.  “Very nice to meet you too, Gage Stark.”  Gage gave him an odd smile, probably wondering how he knew his last name.  I would have to tell Gage that my father knew everyone, and I learned not to ask how a long time ago.
“Nice to see you again, Gage.  How is your mother doing?”  my mom asked with her fake plastered smile.  
Gage’s jaw clenched as he let out a soft smile.  “She’s great.  It’s nice to see you again, Mrs. Stine.”  Gage took my mother’s hand and shook it.
“Enjoy the party kids.  Roger is on call with the limo when you are ready to go home.  I won’t tolerate any of you driving home with alcohol in your systems,” my father said, staring down all of the men at the table.
As my parents walked off to the next table, Gage turned to look at me.  “Want to dance?”
I turned to look at him with a, no not really, look.  He shrugged his shoulders.  “I’m going to go get some champagne, do you want any?”  I nodded my head yes and took a seat, playing with the party favor that was left on the table.  Sean was sitting talking to Michael, and Jamie was off who knows where.  Michael’s date was playing with her hair, staring into her compact.  
I decided I wasn’t enjoying my company, so I headed to the bathroom while Gage was getting drinks.  I walked past the fossil exhibit on the wall and was about to turn into the bathroom when a hand gently grabbed my wrist and pulled me into a small room labeled ‘Dolls’.  
“Hey,” a scruffy voice said that I knew too well.  I searched the room, my back to Tyler.  There were glass cabinets filled with all kinds of dolls, small and large from different eras.  Fitting Tyler would pull me in here since he always called me baby doll.
I didn’t say anything, because I didn’t know what to say.  He walked up behind me, and I felt his breath on my ear as he spoke.  
“You look beautiful,” he said, his voice raspy.  
I took in a sharp breath of air as his hand touched my forearm.  I yanked my arm away from him as I spun around.  
His eyes were heavy and swarming blue and green as he stared at me.  “It’s nice to see you,” he said taking a step closer to me.
I stepped back so I was pressed against the glass.  “I didn’t come to see you,” I croaked, veining any chance of sounding believable.
He shuffled his feet and looked around the room.  “But you came to see Gage,” he said, sounding irritated.
I narrowed my eyes at him.  He wasn’t allowed to turn this around on me.  He was the one who screwed up everything.  “I didn’t come to see him, I came with him.”
He scowled back at me, his eyes looking pained.  “Why did you come with him?  Just to make me jealous?  Because it’s working, okay?  You proved your point, now please, forgive me,” he begged.
I looked at him with longing, tear threatening eyes.  “I’m not ready to forgive you yet,” I whispered.
He closed his eyes and clenched his jaw.
“Becca?”  Gage’s voice came through the room.  I looked past Tyler as his eyes opened and were on fire.
“I’m coming,” I said, attempting to meet the fire in Tyler’s eyes, but my fury had run out, and instead of meeting his fire, I met them with water, my eyes glassy.  I nudged past him out to Gage and took his hand, pulling him onto the dance floor.
Gage wrapped one arm tightly around my waist and held my other hand with his close to his chest.  I looked over his shoulder, fighting back tears.  I was emotionally exhausted, and I didn’t want any more drama.  My heart couldn’t be shattered any further.
“You don’t have to look so miserable Bs,” Gage said, trying to look at me.
“I just can’t fake it anymore,” I murmured.
I heard him smile, “You never were good at faking it.”
I pulled my head back to look at him.  “Bec, I have always been able to tell when you were upset, which unfortunately was a lot.”
I gulped, trying to rid the lump in my throat.  Yes, I was unhappy a lot because I had poor self-esteem and always seemed to believe everyone when they put me down.
“Becca, you have so much to offer.  Stop selling yourself short,” Gage said meaningfully.
I laid my head on his shoulder, trying not to lose the little sanity I had left in me. 
I felt Gage move his head toward the second story.  “That’s him, isn’t it?” he said, lowering his hand on my waist so it was just above my behind, pulling me closer to him.  I pulled back and followed his line of sight, then quickly turned my head the other way.  
“Yes,” I whispered.  He must have left the doll exhibit and headed up to the solitary.
Gage smiled and rubbed his hand over the fabric on my lower back up to my bare skin and back down, almost planting his hand fully on my ass.  I stopped swaying and glared at him.
Gage smiled and laughed.  “I thought the point was to make him jealous?  Ruffle his feathers?”
I put my free hand on my head while Gage still held my other hand.
“Becca, you love him.  Why don’t you just go tell him?  I know he said some stupid shit to you, but he’s a guy, that’s what we do,” Gage said easily.
“Oh, Gage… I’m going to die alone,” I said, fighting back a sob as I leaned my head on his shoulder.  He pulled me closer to him and gently swayed us both.
“Bs, you won’t die alone.  If you are single by the time I’m 35, I’ll knock down your door until you tell me you will marry me,” he said with a soft smile.
I gave him a puzzled look as he shrugged his shoulders.
“Becca, you are a fine catch.  I would love to be with you.  Honestly, I think I’m in love with you, but I’m nowhere near ready to settle down and be married and have kids.”
I shook my head at him, extremely confused with his confession.  “I never thought… I thought we were just…”
He tilted his head as he rubbed my back, “We are, and we always will be.  But you have to know that I’ve loved you since we were 15.  I just have a messed up way of showing it.”
I shook my head at him.  What did he want me to say?  I didn’t love him like that.  He was a great guy, and we had chemistry, but I had way more with Tyler.  I loved Tyler, and Gage was right, I needed to tell him how I felt.
“Go find him,” Gage said softly, even though his grip on me was extra tight and his words had a trace of sadness in them.
I leaned up to kiss him on the cheek, letting my lips linger, knowing they would never touch anyone else’s skin besides Tyler’s.  Gage tilted his head into my lips and stopped swaying, but kept his hands firmly wrapped around me.
“Thank you,” I whispered.
He looked down at me and showed me his dimples with a warm smile.  Gage let me go, and I headed for the stairs, hoping Tyler was still pouting by himself on the second floor.  Before I hit the stairs Connor stopped me.
“Hey, I’m sorry about Ashlynn at dinner the other night, and I’m sorry about earlier.  She gets flustered when she’s around you,” he said sincerely.
I looked past him up the stairs, trying to find Tyler.  “Don’t worry.  I’m used to her word vomit.”
Connor gripped my arm tighter trying to get my attention.  “Bec, I meant what I said earlier.  I’m sorry about Tyler.”
I wanted to make up with Tyler right now, and Connor was choosing this moment to try and smooth things over.  “Have you seen Tyler?”  I said, moving my gaze to Connor from the stairs.
He furrowed his eyebrows, “Actually no, I was wondering where Ashlynn went to.”
My heart dropped.  I nudged past him and bolted up the stairs.  Connor followed behind me.  “Becca, are you okay?”
“Yes, I’m just trying to find Tyler” I said, passing through the empty exhibits.  
“I can help you.  I’ve been trying to find Ashlynn.  Maybe she wandered up here?  She does love history.”
I rolled my eyes.  What a chump.  She better be looking at history by herself and nowhere near my Ty.
We moved past the ‘Coming to America’ exhibit and I turned into the Native American section.  Hearing voices, I slowed my pace, my heart felt like it was going to beat out of my chest.  Connor followed, still trying to make small talk.  Once I heard where the voices were coming from, I sped up my pace and entered a room that was circular and filled with mannequins dressed in Native American clothing.  I saw Tyler’s back scrunched in discomfort with hands wrapped around his head.  The second I entered he jerked backwards then I saw another pair of eyes with a familiar malicious grin followed by a fake look of horror.  
Was this really happening again?  
I officially snapped.



Chapter 25



The lump in my throat turned into flames and raged throughout my body as though my skin were on fire.  My shoulders and hands were twitching, and I swore my big, sexy brown curls were floating over my head like Medusa.  My eyes bore into my all-time puppet master, the one who repeatedly broke me and ruined my life just as I started to put it back together.
“Are you fucking kidding me?” I said so low I barely recognized my own voice.
Tyler whipped around, his face full of anger.  As soon as he saw me he looked terrified.
“Becca, she came at me.  I pushed her away!”  He started to walk toward me.  I held my hand up and gave him the most chilling glare I had inside of me, then slowly turned my head back toward Ashlynn.  She had a salacious frown on her face then her eyes widened as she looked past me.
“Ash?  What is going on?”  Connor cautiously asked, looking between her and Tyler.
“Becca, she told me she had a question about her prints and that they were back here.  Then she started to come on to me.  Baby, please believe me!”
“Stop talking,” I dragged my words out while keeping my glare on Ashlynn.  Tyler clenched his jaw and took a deep breath in.
“Why?  Connor wasn’t enough?  You had to come after Tyler too?” I said almost demonic sounding.
“Ash, what is she talking about?”  Connor choked, his head still rapidly looking between the three of us.
“You and Tyler aren’t together anymore,” Ashlynn said while fidgeting, “Connor, I’m sorry.  I don’t know what happened.  He was looking at me like he wanted me to kiss him.”  Ashlynn said trying to sound innocent.
Tyler’s jaw dropped.  “That’s a load of shit!”  Tyler shouted.  “Becca I didn’t kiss-”
“I SAID… STOP TALKING.”  I raised my voice as I shot him a sideways glare, still holding my hand up toward him.  Tyler shuffled his feet and bit down on his tongue, clearly unhappy.
I closed my eyes for a long moment, clenching my teeth.  I hated this girl, and hatred was something I despised.  But all those years of putting up with her shit, feeling sorry for her, putting up with her demands, and the way she treated me like I was her property had to stop.  I couldn’t take it anymore.  I was done with her, and the fire burning in my chest was going to come up my throat and out of my lips onto her.
“Ashlynn, I’m so sick of you treating me like shit and walking all over me!  You have always taken everything of mine since we were little, from toys to family, to food, to friends…”  I threw my hands toward Connor, “to boyfriends!  I’m so done.  You can take your bitchy attitude and go prowl and take advantage of someone else, because I’m not going to be your puppet anymore!”  My voice was unrecognizable as Ashlynn’s eyes were wide and confused.
“Becca, I would never take anything from you deliberately.  I can’t help if I have feelings for someone.”
“You plotted to take Connor from me the second I showed interest in him.  Now you are trying to do the same with Tyler.  Don’t tell me it’s all chemistry and fate; you can’t stand to see me happy!”
I glanced at Connor from the corner of my eye.  His face was blotchy while his eyes were wet.  I rolled my eyes and exasperated at his sight.  “Oh COME ON… did you really think she would ever be faithful to you?  You cheated on me with her, wasn’t that enough to prove to you that she could never be committed?”
Connor’s face contorted as I turned to him.  “How the fuck could you do that to me, anyway?  Sleep with my supposed best friend?  Then fucking ask her to marry you?  Give her the same ring that I wanted?  Make the same house plans that we had made together?”  I seethed, blowing my fire toward Connor.  He bit his lip and scrunched his eyebrows closing his eyes.  I just shook my head at him.  “What did I do to deserve that?”  I looked at Connor then over to Ashlynn.  “What did I ever do to deserve to get my heart ripped out by my best friend and the man I thought I wanted to spend the rest of my life with?  I know you never loved him Ashlynn.  Everything you ever told him was a lie--wanting a dog and kids.  You hate everything that he likes, yet you still told him otherwise to make him leave me.  Why?  WHAT DID I DO?”  I was practically shouting.  Then I saw Jamie and Nathan emerge from the other side of the exhibit. 
When did they meet?
Nathan came up behind Tyler as Jamie looked around the room and quickly caught on by everyone’s demeanor.  She looked over to Ashlynn.  “What the fuck did you do,” Jamie growled.
Ashlynn whipped her head over to Jamie.  “Butt out of this Jamie.  Go have another glass of wine and screw some random guy!”
Jamie’s stance grew taller and her fists clenched.  “At least I wouldn’t be screwing one of Becca’s boyfriends!” Jamie spat at Ashlynn.  Before Ashlynn and Jamie could have it out, I let out a fictitious laugh, causing all eyes in the room to turn toward me.
“Yeah because fucking someone’s husband is just as noble,” I shot at Jamie, looking her square in the eye.  She recoiled and took a few steps back, her eyes filled with shock.  
“Becca…” I heard another voice join the party.  Gage was right behind me, entering from the same side as Connor and me.
I spun around to look at him.  “Bs, let’s go…”  Gage said, holding his hand out to me.  He had clearly caught onto what was happening just as fast as Jamie had.  Tyler started to move, but Nathan caught his arm before he could approach me, which was a good thing because I was flying off the handle. 
“Why would I go anywhere with you, Mr. Mixed Signals?  Are you going to tell me how much you love me but that you still want to fuck around with a bunch of women and expect me to just wait around for you to be done blowing your load into them?”
“You told her you loved her?”  Ashlynn and Jamie said at the same time looking toward Gage.  Gage’s face turned beet red as he sucked in a breath of air.
“Yeah, since we were 15.  But you would never know, since he was too busy putting his dick in everyone else,” I sneered facing Gage.  His nostrils flared as he looked toward the ground clenching his teeth.  I must have hit a nerve, good.
“Is that why you never went for me?”  Ashlynn said in awe to Gage.  
Wow, the world really did revolve around her.
“No, I always thought you were a selfish bitch,” Gage grunted.
“Glad I’m not the only one who thinks that,” Jamie commented under her breath.
“I am not selfish!”  Ashlynn said in mock horror.
“Yeah, whatever.  You probably planned for me to come up here while you made your moves on Tyler just like you planned for me to see you and Connor sleeping together,” I scoffed, holding my ground and staying strong.
“You made a move on Tyler?”  Jamie exclaimed, shooting a glare at Ashlynn then toward Tyler. 
Tyler threw his hands in the air, “I didn’t fucking kiss her!”
Ashlynn looked around the room, her mouth in a grim line, avoiding my eyes.  I crossed my arms ignoring Jamie and Tyler’s stare down.  “I’m not stupid.  I told you I didn’t have class that day, and you knew I would walk in on you.”
Connor furrowed his brows, “You knew she was going to come home?”
Ashlynn let out an exasperated breath of air.  “You wouldn’t break up with her, and she needed to know.”
“Is that why you were in Becca’s bed, too?”  Jamie said crossing her arms coming over to stand by me.  I took a step away from her.  I didn’t want to be near anyone.
“I never wanted Becca to find out that way.  Why would you set her up like that?”  Connor said in confusion while taking a step toward Ashlynn, filling the gap between the two of us.
“Oh, please!  Fucking her in MY bed was setting me up,” I said throwing my hands in the air.
“Hey, why didn’t everyone tell me the party moved up here?”  Sean said, emerging into the room.  He was holding a drink in his hand and clearly looked tipsy.  I rush of rage came across me, and I needed to get the hell out of that room.
“Why don’t YOU go home to your wife and kid?”  I yelled at Sean.  He blinked at me.  I had never said more than two words to him.
“YOU are an idiot if you stay with her,” I said turning to Connor.
“If YOU have a wedding because he’s an idiot, I’m not going to be your fucking maid of honor, and I never want to see you or talk to you again,” I fumed at Ashlynn.
I didn’t stop at them, I kept moving down the line of the people who supposedly loved and cared for me.  I was done pretending and holding back everything they had ever done to make my life so miserable.
“I would rather die alone then wait to catch an STD from you,” I said turning to Gage.
Then I turned to Jamie, “And you never really got it did you?  You never really cared about my feelings when I was so broken.  You just wanted someone to tag along with you.  Otherwise you would never be screwing a married man because you would know how messed up it is from watching me go through all the bullshit with these two!” 
I made my final turn and saw Tyler.  My shoulders slumped and tears threatened as I looked at his beautiful face that was filled with mixed emotion.  “And you,” I whispered, “I thought you would be different.”
He put his head down as Nathan took a step behind him, clearly afraid I might take a turn at him.  I took one quick glance around the room to find everyone staring at the ground looking uncomfortable and pale.  
Cowards.
“There’s too much infidelity in this room for me to handle,” I murmured.

I stormed off out of the exhibit, desperately trying to get out of this cluster fucked situation.  As I exited the stairs I saw RJ hanging out by the railing with a drink in hand looking down at the party goers.  Not wanting to deal with him, I turned the opposite way.  There were other stairs by the carousel.
I heard footsteps following me as I walked past the humpback whale skeleton that was floating over the sea of people on the lower level of the museum.  I kept going, picking up my pace, my anger fueling me to go faster.  I hit the stairwell down toward the carousel, holding the back of my dress so I wouldn’t trip.
“Becca, wait!”  Tyler shouted, rushing down the stairs after me. 
Ignoring him, I found the bottom of the stairs and turned into the carousel room.  He grabbed me by the arm before I could book it out the back exit that overlooked the Grand River.  He pulled me back so I was almost touching his chest.  I kept my head turned the opposite way, refusing to look at him.  A small group of people walked by after using the carousel, clearly happy with drink and walked right by our awkward stance.
I felt Tyler’s breath on my neck.  “I’m so proud of you,” he whispered.
I tilted my head to look at him in confusion, seeing adoration and a hint of skepticism spread across his face.  Why the hell was he proud of me?
“Becca!  I have been looking all over for you!”  I rolled my eyes as my mother came through the glass doors from the main foyer where the party goers were dancing and drinking.
Tyler turned to see who was coming up behind us then quickly put his head down and let go of my arm.  A deviant smile came across my mother’s face when she realized I was talking to Tyler.  I watched her body sway in all of the right ways as she approached us with her high bun and cherry lips.  
“We need to do our annual family picture.  We are going to take the picture in the streets of Grand Rapids exhibit.  Tyler, why don’t you come?”
Jesus, she really didn’t get it.  “Tyler isn’t my date mother,” I said through gritted teeth.  She moved her eyes from Tyler to mine, clenching her jaw and widening her eyes at me as though I just said something that would offend Tyler.
“Well, then you need to come with me,” she said sternly and obviously annoyed.  Her stare began to examine my features and my body in a slow gaze picking me apart in her head and pointing out all of the things that needed work.  I hated when she did that.  Why was I never good enough for her?  My blood was still on fire, ringing in my ears, aware of her scrutiny.   “We will have to stop at the bathroom and freshen you up.”
I took a step away from Tyler toward her.  “Why?  I’m never going to be perfect enough for your family picture, Mother.  You can poke and prod at my face, tug on my dress and tell me to suck in my stomach, but I’m still not going to measure up to your satisfaction.”
She gulped and looked at me in confusion.  Tyler sucked in a breath and stepped backwards, aware I was standing on pins and needles, knowing I was going to spit my fire toward my mother.
“I’m sorry I’m not as skinny as you want me to be.  Sorry my posture isn’t perfect, and that I constantly ruin relationships,” I said throwing my hand in Tyler’s direction.  
I started to walk backwards away from both of them, Tyler’s eyes following me.  My mother looked embarrassed, probably only because Tyler was standing in between us.
“I’m sorry I was never good enough for you and probably never will be,” I whispered.  Before my mother could say anything, I turned on my heels and bolted out the back exit of the carousel. 



Chapter 26



The air was chilly and crisp, greeting my burning skin.  The coldness shocked my system, causing a tornado to build in my mind.  I kept replaying the evening, finally letting my anger and hatred take over.  I walked along the path around the museum, not sure where I was trying to go.  The river was on my left as I walked through the path that was surrounded by decorative shrubs.  I came up to a white sculpture with a bench and sat down, not caring that the seat was cold and had a small dusting of snow.  I put my hands on my head, trying to stop my body from trembling with anger.  
“May I join you?”  Tyler’s voice came through the cold air.  I looked at him through my hands, and then hid my face again.  Seeing him triggered my emotions, causing tears to fall from my eyes.  I was so boiled up with rage and resentment toward everyone I considered to be someone I could count on that I lost focus on all of the good things they had offered me.  I sucked in air and looked up at him.
“I just ruined everything,” I choked out, covering my face as I tried to hide my sobs.
Tyler shrugged out of his jacket, wrapping it around my shoulders then knelt down on one knee in front of me, tugging his jacket so it was tight around me.  
“Becca, no.  Everything you said they needed to hear, including me,” he said, staring at my face as my tears fell down my cheeks.
My face contorted as I tried to hold back another sob.  
“I just, snapped… I never should have said that to Jamie about Sean.  She’s an adult and can make her own decisions.”
“No, you were right.  She saw what that type of behavior did to you.  She should have known it would have a negative effect on you,” Tyler said.  His hands were on his one knee that was just on the outside of my thighs.  
“The look on my mom’s face as I bit into her, it was awful.  How am I supposed to look at her ever again?  And Gage?  He didn’t deserve for me to call him out on his lifestyle.”
I followed Tyler’s gulp down his throat as he flexed his jaw.  “Do you wish he were different?”  He closed his eyes for a long moment, and then when he opened them, they were sad and had a trace of fear.  He swallowed again then spoke, “Do you wish he was ready to settle down?”
I blinked my eyes, trying to focus through the tears.  Yes, Gage was a great friend who could make me smile on a dime.  We could laugh easily with each other and shared the same interests.  We came from two different worlds, but that never bothered me.  His life seemed simple, and it was very tempting to become a part of it.  He always had my back and was great in bed.  The passion we had was unforgettable, but did I want to start a life with Gage at some point?  
I slowly shook my head no, my glassy eyes never leaving Tyler’s.  A trace of a smile was on his mouth as his eyes softened with relief.  
I put my head back in my hands and began to cry more.  I didn’t know what to do.  I felt embarrassed and ashamed because I lashed out at the people I loved.
“Do you want me to bring you home?”  Tyler asked.  I shook my head no with a trembling lip.  I couldn’t face Jamie.  I had said some coarse words to her as well, and I had no idea if she was happy with me or not.
“I can take you to your parents’ house,” he asked gently.  I sniffed and shook my head no again.  Who knows what would be going through my mother’s head after I had laid into her, practically telling her she was a horrible mother all of these years.  I let out another sob, thinking about how crappy I must have made her feel.  
He cautiously put a hand on my exposed thigh.  “You are going to freeze out here, Becca.  Where do you want me to take you?”  The warmth of his hand felt nice as I hunched over more.  He brought his other hand to my other thigh, rubbing circles of heat through my legs.  It felt so nice.
“I can take you to my place if you want…”  He trailed off, scooting closer to me, watching my every move, making sure I wasn’t going to lash out at him.  But I was done lashing out at people, done being angry, and all I wanted was him.
But it always came down to the same question.  How could we ‘settle down’ if he weren’t willing to open up and let me into his family?  
I was tired of over thinking everything and nodded my head yes.  He took his hands from my thighs and stood up.  I followed suit, pulling my dress in all of the right places to resituate how it was supposed to fit around my body.
We walked silently around the outside of the museum, not entering the actual building filled with the people I had just spit fire on.  I even left my clutch with my phone sitting at the dinner table.
I managed to hold myself together until we got into the Maserati.  I buried my head in my hands crying silently as we drove to Tyler’s place.  He put his hand on my knee the entire way, and I was too exhausted to push it away.  
He hadn’t brought up Ashlynn yet, and frankly, I was too emotionally drained to open up that can of worms.  For the most part I believed him, mainly because he looked like he wanted to rip someone’s head off when he spun around.  And it did look like he was uncomfortable and pushed her away the moment Connor and I walked in.  Plus I knew Ashlynn, and she would make a move, even if Tyler clearly wasn’t feeling it.
I didn’t even notice when we pulled into the basement ramp of Union Square.  Before I knew it Tyler was at my door helping me out into the elevator.  The elevator made it to the top floor and Tyler opened the door for me.  I stood still in the kitchen, wrapping my arms around my waist.  I felt so broken and vulnerable and scared.  Did I just mess up every relationship I had?
Tyler took his coat from me and stood silently in front of me.  “Why don’t you go take a warm shower?  I can make us something to eat?  Start the fire?   We could watch a movie?  Or do you want to just go to sleep?  I’ll sleep on the couch, and you can have my bed.  Whatever you want, Becca.”  
I stared silently at the ground, trying to wrap my head around what he was asking.
Tyler bounced a little as he waited for me to answer, clearly antsy with my silence. “Come on, let’s go upstairs and get you changed first,” he said, putting his hand on my back urging me up the spiral staircase. 
My steps were slow and methodical, my heels making the stairs extra hard to climb. Tyler kept his hand on my back, patiently following me.  I sat on the edge of his bed and crossed my arms.  I was finally aware of how cold I was.  Tyler bent down on his knees in front of me, pulling my foot to his thigh, taking off one of my heels. 
“I’m sorry tonight was such a mess,” he mumbled, unstrapping the red leather that laced around my foot.
“It wasn’t entirely your fault,” I whispered, hugging myself closer.  “I never should have gone in the first place.”
Tyler set my foot down and moved my other foot on his thigh.  “No, I never should have believed Ashlynn.  What a lame excuse.  Why would she bring the blueprints?  Which I never should have done by the way… I’m sorry about that.  I was just trying to help.”
I shook my head at him, “Ashlynn is manipulative and malicious.  I’m not surprised by her attempt.”
He cocked his head as he put my other heel down, keeping my foot on his thigh.  He ran his hand up the back of my calf, sending shivers through my body.  His eyes looked pleading, his face inches from my knee.  “Does that mean you believe me?  I didn’t touch her.  I only want you, Becca.”  My eyes softened and watered at the same time.  I did believe him, but we still had a hurdle we had to cross.
His lips slowly parted as he brought them to my knee, kissing it tenderly while looking at me through his eyelashes.
I closed my eyes and took in a deep breath.  Feeling his warm mouth on my cold skin sent shivers throughout my body.  He closed his eyes and softly nuzzled my knee.  It had been so long since we had touched each other.  “I believe you,” I whispered, opening my wet eyes to look down at him.  
Tyler stood up and brought me with him, pulling me to his chest.  I lolled against him, too tired and drained to refute being in his arms that felt so warm and inviting.  He held me so tight, nuzzling his head into my neck.
He pulled his head back to look at me, “I never should have said what I said to RJ.  I’m so sorry.”
“How am I supposed to know you don’t really feel that way?  We barely go out.  We don’t hang out with anyone else,” I croaked, wiping my eyes.
He closed his eyes in pain, “You’re right, and I didn’t see that at first.  But I…I want so much more with you than what I told RJ.”
“Did you ever think that if you just told him how you felt, he would back off?” I asked.
“RJ and Ashlynn are a lot alike,” he whispered, staring down at me with sad eyes.
Too tired to be frustrated, I closed my eyes and started to walk into the bathroom to run a shower.  I was cold and done for the evening.  I reached for my zipper on my dress and shimmied out of it.  I saw Tyler watching me from the door frame through the mirror.  His eyes were heavy and fluttered as they swept down my body, his mouth in a thin line.  I crossed my hands around my stomach and closed my eyes, wishing I had closed the door.  He sighed and walked out of the door frame.
I stripped from my undergarments and walked into the shower and cried.  About five minutes in, the lights in the bathroom started to dim, and I slumped down to the floor, squeezing my knees to my chest.  I was too tired to fight with Tyler if he was planning on joining me.  But he never came in, and I continued to drown in my own tears.  Once I felt like I couldn’t cry anymore, I reached up to shut the water off and opened the shower door.  I noticed a fluffy towel was on the counter with one of Tyler’s Michigan T-shirts and a pair of my underwear.  I forgot I still had clothes here and had previously wondered where that pair had gone.  It was my favorite and Tyler’s too.  I took my time drying off, patting my damp skin with the towel and slowly putting on the clothes Tyler had set out.  I barely recognized myself as I looked in the mirror.  My eyes were blotchy from crying and my hair was so dark, darker than it had ever been.  It made my bloodshot eyes appear a brighter shade of blue, not as pale as they normally were.  
I walked out of the bathroom to find Tyler sitting on his bed.  He had changed out of his black tux into gym shorts and a basic cotton white shirt.  His eyes were heavy as they stared me down.  I came over to the bed in front of him then put my arms around his neck, sinking into him.  I didn’t know what we were anymore, and I didn’t know if we were going to be able to jump over the hurdle of his family, but I needed him.  I had finally spilled all of my insecurities and stared my tormentors in their faces, spewing fire in their direction, and I felt like the worst person in the world because of it.
He wrapped his hands around my thighs, forcing me to straddle him.  He squeezed me so tight while he rubbed his nose into my neck.  “Baby, I’ve missed you so much,” Tyler choked, pulling his head from my neck to try and look me in the face.  “All I want is you, every inch of you; I’ll do anything to be with you.  I’m sorry I didn’t trust you around RJ, but I do now,” he murmured so close to my lips.  Tears were rolling down my cheeks again. 
“I will tell him, okay?  I’ll tell him we are together and to stay the hell away from you.” His eyes were glassy.  “I’ll bring you to Chicago and introduce you to my mom, because I know that is what I have to do to prove to you that this is real to me and that you’re not just some secret, just some woman who I only want for the sex.  It has always been more.”
He kissed my tears, moving slowly around my face then kissed the corner of my mouth, patiently waiting for me to move into him.  I leaned back, feeling so exposed and stretched to my limit as I looked into his pleading eyes.   
“Talk to me,” he whispered with a heavy breath across my cheek.
“Can we not talk?  Will you just lay with me?” I asked softly, feeling tears fall from my eyes.
“Of course,” he murmured, hesitating to let me go.  He finally let me stand up and rushed to the bed, throwing the comforter back then reaching out his hand for me to come lay down.  I crashed onto the bed, feeling like I had just dropped a hundred pound weight.  I curled up on my side as Tyler wrapped the covers around me.  He cautiously lay on top of the covers next to me.  
Why wasn’t he cuddling next to me under the covers?
Then it registered what he had told me.  He was meeting my demands and letting me into his life, making an effort to let me know that he was serious about being with me.  He hadn’t said anything to his family yet, but told me he was ready to, and I didn’t give him any indication that I wanted him back.  I hadn’t said more than a few words to him since we had come back to his place.  Pushing everything else out of my mind, I pulled back the covers, insinuating I wanted him to come into the warmth with me.
I watched him gulp as he climbed under the covers.  I snuggled up to him, putting my hands on his chest.  He let out a huge breath once I was satisfied with our closeness.  He curled his arm underneath my head and wrapped his other arm around my waist, making soft circles on my back with his palm.
“Thank you,” I hummed into his chest.  He pulled me closer, and I nuzzled my head into the crook of his neck.
“What are you thanking me for?” he asked.
I grasped his shirt in my fist.  “For coming after me tonight.  For bringing me here.  For holding me… when I haven’t given you the time of day the past month.”  I shuddered, trying to fight back the ever urge to cry.
He squeezed me tight, “Becca, I was an idiot.  I deserved to be treated like that.  But, I’ll make it better, I promise,” he said into my hair.  “I should have followed you sooner, when you walked out of the elevator the first day, when you walked out of my office and ran into RJ.  I never should have let you walk away.  You ignoring me made me realize how I needed to learn that I could trust you, and now I can.  I’ll probably always be on edge if you are alone with RJ, or whenever he flirts with you, but I know you wouldn’t ever touch him or anyone else.  That is, if you don’t want anyone else…”  He trailed off, his heart starting to pound against my hands.
I pulled my head from his neck and finally brought my lips to his, giving him a slow and tender kiss.  “You’re all I want,” I murmured against his parted mouth.  
Tyler took a sharp breath in and moved in to kiss me.  At first it was sweet and delicate, but then became carnal.  His lips were needy against mine as his hands tightened around my waist, pulling me so close I couldn’t move my hands from his chest.  He plunged his tongue into my mouth, and I took it greedily.  He rolled so I was underneath him, still taking my mouth with no reservations, showing me how much he missed my kiss.
I tugged at his shirt with my fist, pulling it up so I could feel his skin that I had been dreaming about the past month.  It was warm and smooth, causing me to groan while feeling the indents of his muscles under my fingertips.  He grunted into my mouth as I stroked his hot skin.  Tyler swiftly sat up on his knees, straddling me, taking his shirt off.  My eyes grew big as I watched his abdomen flex and his biceps bulge as they moved out of his T-shirt.  He threw his shirt on the floor then pulled me up with him, grabbing the hem of my shirt and yanking it over my head.  I reached for his sides, urging him to come back down on top of me, but he fought my strength and pulled me up to his chest.  I gasped at the feel of our bare skin finally meeting after the time we had spent apart.  Tyler gripped my hips and rotated us so I was on top of him, pulling me down and holding me so tight it felt like our stomachs and chests were going to blend together as he devoured my mouth.  My hands were tangled in his hair as his hands traveled down my back, grabbing just under his favorite black lace that just so happened to be riding up.  He moaned and bit down on my lip as he flexed his hands over my skin causing my core to ache desperately for him. 
“I’ve missed you so much, Becca,” Tyler breathed, moving his mouth from my lips to my throat.  I tugged on his hair as his vigorous intensity slowed on my neck, turning tender and languidly, as though he were savoring me and making up for lost time. 
I ground my hips down onto him, causing his grip to squeeze me harder, pushing me down onto him, moving his hips upward, meeting my assault.  He moved his hands so they were beneath the fine black lace, urging me to rub my sex into him.  The friction was driving me mad, and I wanted him inside of me.  I slid down to his thighs, moving my trembling hands from his hair to his shorts, yanking them off, freeing all of his glory.
I met Tyler’s eyes as I shifted so I could pull his shorts and boxers all the way off then trailed kisses from his knee past his hip to his stomach, causing my nipple to graze the tip of his fullness.  He groaned and reached for my shoulders, suddenly sitting up, pulling me with him kissing me deeply.  He loosely crossed his legs with me still straddling him and put his hands on my hips, pulling down my panties.  I jumped off and to the side of him, helping to remove the black lace.  Once I was rid of the lace, Tyler pulled me back onto his lap. 
“Wrap your legs around me,” he whispered across my lips.  I did as he asked and felt unbelievably close to him.  We were chest to chest, our eyes perfectly aligned.  A shiver went through me as he ran his fingertips down my spine and back up to my face, never blinking or taking his gaze from me.  We were so close, so intimate, as though all of our barriers had been dropped.
With trembling hands I curled my fingers around his length, causing Tyler to let out a low hiss, lining him up so he could push into me.  The warmth of his soft skin just barely pressing against my entrance caused me to take a sharp breath in.  I removed my hand and rocked so he just barely entered my sex.  Tyler moved his hands from my face, gripping my hips, slowly moving me down so he filled me completely.  I brought my forehead to his as we sat like that, hardly moving, taking in the tranquility of our connection.
Tyler snaked one arm around my waist while moving the other to the nape of my neck, holding me close to his chest.  Our noses were inches apart when I opened my eyes.  His blue green eyes were soft and hazy as they watched me.  My mouth was hanging open from his exquisite fullness that was stretching me to the fullest.  Just when I thought he couldn’t be any deeper inside me, he nudged his hips up, causing me to groan and roll my eyes back.
“This is my favorite place to be,” he whispered, brushing my neck with his lips.  “Look at me, Becca,” he said, pulling his lips from my neck, rubbing his nose against mine.  I opened my eyes, and he pushed his hips up again, completely consuming me.  I kept my eyes on him this time, watching his pupils dilate with his thrust.  His mouth was hanging open just as mine was.
I ran my nails up his back to his shoulders, feeling goose bumps form on his damp skin.  He let out a shudder while fluttering his eyes, clearly fighting the urge to close them.  I brought one hand to caress the side of his face, feeling so many emotions for Tyler Conklin.  I wasn’t thinking about anyone else.  I wasn’t worried if I had ruined all of my friendships.  All that mattered was what Tyler thought, what we were sharing, what we were going to become.  He moved his hands so they were cradling my face, his eyes staring intently right through me.  We slowly rocked in unison, neither of us ready to give in to the nearing orgasms.  We held each other’s gazes, letting one another know everything was going to be okay, that we were good, so good.
After a long time, I couldn’t fight the craving for release and picked up my tempo.  Tyler rocked into me, meeting my every thrust, still locking his eyes with mine, pressing his hands on my lower back, pushing into me at all the right angles.  I tilted my hips upward, finding my sweet spot.  My breathing changed, becoming more ragged as I put my hands on his chest.  Tyler picked up on the angle I was trying to achieve and grabbed my ass, lifting higher, bringing me closer and closer to euphoria.
“Let go, baby,” Tyler groaned, squeezing each cheek, digging his fingers into my skin.
I let go, spiraling into oblivion, digging my nails into his shoulders.  Tyler’s grip tightened as he dropped his head into my neck, grunting as he thrust once more into me, pulling me down on top of him as though we would mesh together.
Our foreheads met as both of our shoulders shrugged, our chests heaving in unison.  Tyler’s grip loosened as he brought his hands to my back, caressing my spine.  I sighed as I flexed my fingers on his chest, feeling his heart pumping.  He brought his hands back up to my face, giving me tender kisses on my forehead, eyes, cheeks, chin, every inch of skin he could find then finally kissed my lips.
“Oh, Becca… I won’t mess this up again, I promise,” he said in between kisses.
I grinned and wrapped my arms around him.  “I’m going to hold you to that.”  
I rested my head on his shoulder, feeling the anxiety and guilt creep in from the earlier events at the museum.  I squeezed him tighter, thankful that I at least still had Tyler.  I knew I would have to find a way to make it up to Jamie and my mother, and I even had a soft spot still for Gage.  None of them deserved to be called out as bluntly as I had done.  I would focus on mending my wounds with them tomorrow.  Tonight, I was going to focus on Tyler.  I had him in my arms, and I wasn’t going to let go.  Not for a long time.  He was my strength and my comfort, and most importantly, my future.

Prologue for Conklin’s Foundation
Now Availabe on
Amazon
Barnes & Noble



RJ Conklin

I sat at my desk biting my nail, staring at the brick with pride on my desk.  An RJ brick it was called.  I invented it when I was 19.  Some might say I was egotistical for naming it after myself, but it was a fucking brilliant idea.  I didn’t tell anyone about it at first, kept it to myself to hide my personal remedies from Mary and my parents.  Mary turned into a real bitch once she got pregnant with Nathan and got pissed that I would partake without her.
I ran my finger along the edge of the brick, trying to find the small nub that would cause the concrete to slide open.  It was a bitch to find, but that was the point.  No one was supposed to know it opened but would think it was just a slab of cement.  I finally found the nub and opened the far side, pulling out two pieces of paper.  
The first piece of paper was a note from my father, Robert Senior.  It basically said he loved me, and that I needed to realize that family was what was important in life and that I needed to cherish my boys, love and be faithful to my wife… blah, blah, blah.
I knew I wasn’t a good husband to Mary, but she wasn’t the best wife either.  We never should have gotten married in the first place.  We were too young, and although we thought we were in love, we weren’t ready for the ultimate commitment.  The best thing we had was sexual chemistry, and we rarely partook in activities between the sheets anymore.  Occasionally it would happen if we were at our Chicago home, but I typically bounced around from city to city, dealing with business and building my empire.  
Conklin Architecture, Construction, and Design was growing at an exponential rate, and my name was front and center.  I was already filthy rich, but I wanted more.  Money gave me power and control, and I needed to be in control.
As for cherishing my boys… it was a hard task for me to show.  Yes, I loved them.  I wasn’t going to get the father of the year award, but I was young when we had them, and I wasn’t ready to be a role model.  I think we have come a long way though.  Mitch and I get along.  We share the same interests for the most part.  He doesn’t have a lick of common sense, but he’s smart around the construction site and has helped me re-draft the RJ brick to make it more efficient.  I pushed him to use these skills, just as I pushed my other two boys to use their special gifts as well.  
Nathan and I get along fairly well also.  We mainly talked business, and he was good at talking.  He knows how to make deals and gain clients.  My company would always be in good hands with Nathan around.  He was loveable and could be manipulative, which is exactly what I needed for my marketing.  He wasn’t worth a shit when it came to numbers and finance, and my head spun as well whenever account sheets were put in front of me.  That is where Tyler came into play.
Tyler was the quietest of the bunch and showed the most animosity and resentment toward me.  I didn’t fucking care.  I made him a successful financial guru by pointing out his talents and forcing him to enhance them in college.  He probably wouldn’t ever forgive me for making him “give up his dream” to play baseball.  Maybe he would forgive me and maybe he wouldn’t, but he was making me millions.  The kid could read numbers and knew where and how to cut costs and invest like a Wall Street maniac.  He was my biggest asset, and I would do everything in my power to keep him.  
Tyler wasn’t always an ice block toward me.  Mainly after he graduated from college he brought on the chill.  But lately he was an artic blizzard and very easy to rile.  It was fun to get Tyler going, to see the steam practically pour off his face.  He reminded me of Mary; she was easy to rile as well, and she was a turn on when she was fuming.
The little Miss Becca Stine seemed to get him all flustered.  I never saw Tyler with a girl, and he seemed to think I hadn’t caught on to his infatuation with mogul Max Stine’s daughter.  Nothing got by me, ever.
I noticed his eyes follow her every move when Becca came up to meet with me in my office for the first time.  She was a very pretty girl, and she blushed easily--another expression I enjoyed.  But I wouldn’t take her too far.  I wasn’t going to fuck around with our main client’s daughter, and none of my boys better fuck with her either.  But then I saw the look in Tyler’s eyes as he was chasing after her at Stine’s Christmas party.
He loved her.
I knew that feeling for one woman, and it unfortunately wasn’t my wife.  I opened up the other folded piece of paper and brushed it with my fingertips, leaning over my desk holding my other hand under my chin I gazed at the few words on the crumpled paper.

RJ,
I’m sorry, I can’t run away with you.  I can’t do that to your family.  But know that I do love you.  If things were different we could be together.
Love Always,
Margo

I wasn’t going to mess with Tyler and his swooning over Becca Stine anymore.  Hell, I’m rooting for him.  Tyler being with the city’s most prominent business owner’s daughter would guarantee every large building in the city to be contracted out by my company.  And I would need more Conklin blood to continue on my empire when I was gone.  Nathan wasn’t into that, and Mitch probably had a few bastard children, but would never settle down and become a father.  Tyler and Becca might be my only hope to carry on the Conklin name.
Even though I wasn’t a perfect father, I wouldn’t mess with my son being in love.  Well, not too much at least.  I still enjoy making steam roll from his ears.  
I sighed as I folded up the papers and put them back into the RJ brick.  I would give anything to live on an island with Margo.  I stood up and lifted it to put it back on my shelf.  The fucker was heavy as a brick too.  Cops would never figure it out.  At least they hadn’t yet.
There was one problem my supposed glorified father created for this company.  He sold the RJ bricks to the biggest drug dealers within each city we broke ground in.  Yeah, it was a good idea, but now they were causing me a headache, coming into my office demanding my bricks.  We had to keep them on a low profile or else the pigs were going to catch on, and it would be my ass at stake.  Although I don’t think they could ever pin anything on me.  I’m not dealing with the drugs; I just sell the drug dealers bricks that double for safety boxes and key holders.   How am I supposed to know what people put in my bricks?  
All I know is that if Lee Chino came into my office making more demands, I might have to put a kibosh on the whole scheme and retire my lovely bricks.


Special Thanks



I would like to give a special thanks to my wonderful husband, Andy.  Thank you for putting up with hearing fingers on a keyboard at all hours of the night.  Thank you for not getting irritated when dishes weren’t done or the floor wasn’t dusted.  You are the dream husband who just wants me to be happy and who has given up way too many things for our family.  You are selfless and the most compassionate man I know.
Without you I would have never been able to write about falling in love.  I will forever feel like a 16 year old in love because of you.  So many people thought we were crazy and we wouldn’t make it, but I fall in love with you more and more every day.  You are my rock and my confident, and you have made all of my dreams come true.  We have two beautiful children, a home to grow old and raise our family in, and you even let me have my two kitties and scoop their litter boxes when you can’t stand the “big nasty cats” that they are.  Thank you for being my inspiration.  Without you, life would be a heck of a lot harder to live.  I love you, and I will always fight for us, no matter what hurdles we will come across, because that is what our marriage means to me.  I can honestly say you are my soul mate, and I thank God every day for bringing us together so early in life.  Keep rocking my world, love Schack.  



Author Bio
Brooke Page

Brooke Page is the independent author of Conklin’s Blueprints.  She and her husband live with their two children in the suburbs of Grand Rapids, Michigan.  When she is not writing, she enjoys using the pottery wheel and reading.  For more projects and insights on upcoming books and events, please visit Brooke Page on Facebook (http://www.facebook.com/authorbrookepage) and follow her on Twitter, (BrookePage05).  Brooke Page would also love to hear from you via email if you have any questions or comments about her books, authorbrookepage@gmail.com.



