

Dream Oracle Series
The Shark

Seraph

Copyright © 2015 Serafin Sanchez
All rights reserved.
Distributed by Smashwords
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
ISBN 9781310904004

Facebook www.facebook.com/Seraph-Dream-Oracle-Series-1040794482652032/timeline
Blog: www.tumblr.com/blog/itheoracleofdreams
Smashwords Interview: www.smashwords.com/interview/serfer99
Smashwords profile page: www.smashwords.com/profile/view/serfer99
Ebook cover by http://fionajaydemedia.com/


Table of Contents
Chapter 1: Dream Oracle
Chapter 2: Reflection
Chapter 3: Family Business
Chapter 4: Powerful Dating
Chapter 5: Memories of Death
Chapter 6: Memories of Medical Profession
Chapter 7: Best Friends
Chapter 8: All About Charles
Chapter 9: Back to Life
Chapter 10: Message is Read
Chapter 11: Messed Up
Chapter 12: The Plan
Chapter 13: Going Home
Chapter 14: Fundraiser
Chapter 15: Dangerous Stealth
Chapter 16: Hell to Pay
Chapter 17: Will You Still Love Me
Chapter 18: Return of Tina
Chapter 19: Deadly
Chapter 20: A Funeral
Chapter 21: Face to Face
Chapter 22: Jacqueline and Charles

Chapter 1: Dream Oracle 
The Present, Jacqueline’s lavish apartment.
Jacqueline stares into the darkness. She is breathing hard, recovering from remembering her nightmare. She is leaning back in her chair. Jacqueline thinks back to the lunch conversation she had with her best friend. Their conversations had started innocently enough talking about their love interests. From a wonderful care free time, they had somehow managed to go into a dark, dangerous area of Jacqueline’s life. The darkness in Jacqueline’s life linked to her nightmares.
Unknow to Jacqueline and her best friend Tina, these nightmares will take them into danger. A danger that will end up costing many their lives and put those of their loved ones in danger.
****
The past, Amada restaurant, New York City, New York
Tina is taking inventory of Jacqueline’s physical features during their talks. Almost a complete contrast to Tina’s own features. Jacqueline’s features are of sharp nose, chin, and jaw. She looks stunning with facial high cheekbones, bronze looking skin, very curvaceous feminine body. She is not as tall as Tina with a little over 5 foot. Jacqueline has wavy long black hair flowing down to her mid back. Tina enjoys looking into Jaqueline’s piercing green eyes. “C’mon, Jacqueline, make an account on that Dream Oracle webpage! What these nightmares are doing to you are starting to worry me.”
Tina narrows her eyes as she raises her eyebrows as Jacqueline huffs back at her dear friend. “Tina, you know I’m not typically into this whole ‘your life is impacted by your dream’s’ business.’ 
I’m just having a lot of trouble getting a good night’s sleep. It’s just nasty nightmares.” 
Tina shakes her head, “No, your nightmares scare me. Something dark is going on inside you. You will pay dearly if you do nothing about it.
C’mon, use the webpage! I’ve read such good reviews on it. I can tell you the web site comes highly recommended by those I trust. Me, especially.” 
Jacqueline narrows her eyes, “Explain how it works. How are my nightmares even relevant to me getting a good night’s sleep or address my life choices? 
Sure, the nightmares bother me, but I’ve always thought they were just a bunch of random gibberish to make me feel bad.” 
Tina takes her friend’s hand connects to her eyes, “From what I’ve heard from you, these nightmares have really shaken you up. It’s so unlike you to be so on edge, and just making it by.
You know I’m right.” 
Jacqueline shakes her a little as she has no response, to which Tina gently smiles back. Squeezing her friend’s hand another time, Tina releases Jacqueline’s hand then begins to explain. “Okay, from what I’ve read about the website, the Dream Oracle interprets the symbols in your dream. 
All of our experiences, including love, hardships, and whatever else are translated by our brain and represented as images…symbols in our dreams.” 
Jacqueline observes Tina’s features during their talks. Tina is true to her German ancestry. Her square jaw and facial features. Her porcelain skin, tough looking body, plus she’s tall. She has shoulder length straight blond hair, and Bahama Islands ocean blue eyes. 
Jacqueline with an unblinking stare, slowly nods, “Well, I suppose it couldn’t hurt. However, I don’t want my name to be floating around on some dream website. If anyone in my medical field I knew found out about these nightmares, I’d feel kind of exposed. I’ve only talked to you about my nightmares and how they bother me.” 
Tina rolls her eyes and grins, “Jacqueline, it’s alright…the website is anonymous! 
I know of some close to me who’ve communicated with the Dream Oracle because they want to know what their unconscious is telling them. I think you owe it to yourself to try it out, too.” 
Tina glances at her time piece. “Well, I gotta get going.” 
Jacqueline nodding her head responds, “The same for me. I won’t promise anything about the Dream Oracle…but I’ll think about it.” 
The two rises from their seating and the young women hug. Jacqueline leaves more than enough cash to pay for their meal and leave a generous tip.
Jacqueline faces Tina and informs, “It’s my turn to pay for today’s lunch.” 
Tina responds, “Yeah, I can see you got it covered. You won’t get an argument out of me.” 
Jacqueline and Tina making small talk as they leave one of New York’s finest in dining experiences. Their limo drivers are waiting just outside for them as they exit the restaurant. Jacqueline enters her limo. Tina enters her limo. Jacqueline looks back at Tina’s limo pulls away as they go their separate ways. Jacqueline has an ominous feeling whether she wants to know what her nightmares mean.
****
The Present Jacqueline’s Apartment
Jacqueline comes back to focus on her now early evening sunlight streaming onto her desk. The sun light, giving a surreal lighting to her luxurious residence. She goes to breathing hard after remembering the nightmare that was part of the discussion in her lunch with Tina. She looks at her computer. Jacqueline places her fingers on the keyboard. She stares forward as the computer hums, its soft glow illuminating Jacqueline’s quivering fingers. 
Jacqueline thinking hard before continuing. For those like me, who desire to find the meaning of my nightmare to guide my life paths or life choices, there is the Dream Oracle website option for convenient anonymity. Now, this anonymity is for those of us who feel vulnerable sharing intimate dream symbols of ourselves with a complete stranger. 
I would say the Dream Oracle website is usually the first option where most of us are comfortable to begin engaging in a quest to find meaning of our dream symbols. 
The other Dream Oracle option is the face-to-face dream session. Oh, no, much too scary for me. This face to face is for those who desire in-depth processing of the dream symbols and coming to terms with a life path or life choices. How freaky it is to delve into the symbols of one’s unconscious to make a purposeful decision and sometimes a decision dictated by circumstances in life. 
I guess I have an unconscious circumstance in life I need to decide what to do about it. 
Well then, I shall risk the help of the Dream Oracle to help me decide or make decisions that are dictated by my dream symbols from my life circumstances. I will risk going with the website option as I’m feeling vulnerable sharing my recurrent disturbing nightmare in a face-to-face session. 
With a few soft clicks, Jacqueline’s quivering fingers arrives at the website Tina had insisted she use. As Jacqueline scans the Dream Oracle website, she mutters to herself, “Dream Oracle, can you really help me? Do I want to know what my nightmares mean?” 
Despite her misgivings, Jacqueline sets up an account and then is guided till she begins typing her submission: ‘Dear Dream Oracle, … 
…in my nightmare there’s a teenage girl floating on a dark cold ocean…
…she is fearing for her safety. It is darkening around her. Turbulent ocean waves are tossing her around on a rickety raft. She gets close to falling into the ocean several times. One of the times she catches herself on to the edge of raft before falling into the ocean. She is gazing down and sees the shape of something huge moving under the waves below her. 
She freezes in fear as she realizes it is a shadow of a massive shark. Before she can jump back, a splash of ocean spray covers her ill clothed body, blinding her with the stinging salt water, and tossing her into the bone-wrenching cold waters of the ocean. 
While splashing wildly in the ocean, she feels massive pain tear throughout lower parts of her body as she is dragged under the surface of the turbulent ocean waves. She comes up gasping for air and she sees her blood all around the ocean waves splashing away from her.’ 
Jacqueline pauses from her Dream Oracle submission to remind herself to breath. She catches her breath, then continues with her submission. With narrowed eyes and furrowed brow, she begins tap on her computer keys. 
‘…Next thing that happens is that she crawls out of the ocean onto a sandy beach. She is covered with blood, shaking from the cold ocean, and barely alive.
With life barely holding while on the beach, the girl painfully moves her body and lays on her back. She sees that it is now darker, the ocean suddenly splashes cold dark snake-like items on her body. She recognizes these as seaweeds. 
The cold foul-smelling seaweeds all over the girl’s thighs, what is left of them, and cover her torso, breast, and neck. She is in agony as she is not able to remove the suffocating seaweeds. 
The end of the nightmare. Please help. If you can.’ 
Jacqueline catches herself not breathing again and being in the same state as when she just awakens from this horrible nightmare. Jacqueline shakes her head and goes about kick starting her breathing. 
She thinks about her nightmare, I wake up breathing hard and very frightened each time. I’m dreading going to sleep these days. 
Jacqueline goes through the submitting process, pays the minimum fee for waiting, and closes the Dream Oracle website. 
She navigates through other social media sites trying to distract her heightened uneasiness. She reads about the latest gossip of her rich and powerful Mother and Stepfather. When she feels somewhat calmer, Jacqueline powers down her laptop, stares blankly ahead at one of her European art works near her desk for several moments.
She stares at the ceiling, tilts her head slightly, what happened to me that I end up with a nightmare that keeps coming back? I’m better than this. Why is this happening now? My medical studies are difficult, but I’ve overcome much more challenging experiences. I can’t remember anything else in my life that would leave me terrified like this. 
Since when do I need a Dream Oracle website? Since when do I remember nightmares at all? I get a few dreams here and then but, nothing like the shark nightmare. Nothing in my life…I can remember very little times…which leaves me in this scared mess. It’s like my nightmare has crawled into my life screaming to me to do something important. But, what!!!?
I’m tougher than this! It’s a lousy nightmare. Nothing that really does me any harm. It’s all in my head. Why do I not have control over this? It’s just in my head. This should be another small issue in life. Mind over issue...address it… get over it and leave it behind. 
Jacqueline leaves her troubling thoughts. She shifts her focus to stare blankly into the wall. She raises her legs to her chest while remaining seated in front of her laptop. 

Chapter 2: Reflection 
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment. 
Now, alone in her darkening room, Jacqueline focuses her breathing to calm herself. She’d values her friend Tina’s suggestion. But, these dreams, more nightmares than dreams, fill her with such dread and confusion that she is not sure she can continue this way in her life. She isn’t sure if this Dream Oracle website will do any good to help keep herself alive. Alive? Why did she even think this?
After some time has passed since her submission to the Dream Oracle, Jacqueline continues to stare blankly into a now less lighted wall as it is early evening. 
Her legs up to her chest while seated in front of her laptop, Jacqueline ponders. What memory or memories are setting off my nightmares? 
Nothing makes sense which comes to mind, as she racks her brains for clarity about what is driving these nightmares. 
Jacqueline knows her twenty-five years of life are exceptionally lived. While growing up, she went the best private schools the Hamptons had to offer. At Yale, she remembers enjoying studies abroad at Oxford and several world trips. She recalls summers in such places like Cinque Terre, known as the Italian Riviera. Jacqueline remembers fairytale like Brugge Belgium. She has different faces going through her memory of making plenty of friends along the way on her wonderful life. 
Jacqueline is reflecting how fortunate she is to belong to a privileged, powerful family. Her stepfather’s heritage reaching back to old money Her Mother’s new money adding to the wealth of their family’s empire. Jacqueline recalling the grand social events of movie or theater post-premiere parties. She thinks of those times dancing at luxurious balls in such places like the Grand Ballroom at the Montcalm Marble Arch in London. Jacqueline grinning to herself remembering the worldwide experiences in such places as Fez in Morocco, as Bora Bora, as Barcelona in Spain, or as Rio de Janeiro in Brazil. Her tastes buds are relishing the exotic foods recalling such some of her favorites while visiting these exotic places. Foods like the Moroccan M’qalli chicken with olives and preserved lemon. The Manti Turkey’s ravioli dish. The Keftes, Kofta, a fancy Greek like sausage with delicious vegetables. All these experiences Jacqueline is concluding have shaped her into a person many envies. 
Jacqueline remembers the remarks of others in her elite social circles saying she has been fortunate to have her Mother’s curvaceous figure, exotic face, that many a grown powerful man and young man were attracted to her. At times, she had been likened to ‘Helen of Troy’ in captivating hearts that could destroy a nation. 
Jacqueline recalling the faces and times of so many young men who tried to get her attention and dared to try and date Jacqueline knowing the reputation of her powerful stepfather. They knew her stepfather as one who crushed anyone who came into her life as a potential boyfriend. Yet, she was never short on suitors.
Jacqueline thinks of her Mother’s husband Richard possessing an almost inhuman drive for success, an uncanny focus, and a ruthlessness for reaching his desired goals. She knows she has these traits as well as his charismatic charm. 
On her Mother Monica’s financial side, Jacqueline’s knows her Mother is a trust fund billionaire child with billions released to her Mother once she married Richard. Jacqueline remembers her Mother, Monica came from a family that started poor. But, through Grandfather’s doggedness and business savvy, the family managed to breach the billionaire’s social circle. So, her Mother grew to be cunning, just like Jacqueline’s Grandfather and her stepfather. 
She realizes the drive and power of her Mother and stepfather, Jacqueline experiences no barriers in attending many social elite gatherings and forming connections with other wealthy or powerful social circles. The fact that an abundance of powerful and rich persons always wants to befriend her has helped Jacqueline blossom into the confident woman she is to this day. 
Jacqueline appreciates throughout her early years, nannies and hired help who would care for her. They demonstrate a loving predisposition that Jacqueline in turn shares with her very close friends.
Crossing her arms under her breast, Jacqueline lowers her legs from her chest onto the designer Japanese tile floor. Using her bare feet, she spins around in her ergo-designer chair. While spinning in her chair, Jacqueline is coming to terms on to whether to give her nightmares any real serious time. She greatly dislikes going through her childhood memories as an exercise to figure out the cause of her nightmares. 
She ponders, we all make mistakes, move on and look to the future. I say that if you’re feeling nostalgic go look at a picture. There’s no need to waste time on trivial memories since childhood that may be triggering these nightmares. 
However, her gut says otherwise. Her gut keeps urging Jacqueline to keep looking into her past for clues about her nightmares. 
I need more details, more specifics to know what is causing these nightmares, she concludes. 
The next reasonable step is to turn some attention toward her Mother and stepfather for clues to her nightmares. Being a product of a wealthy lavish life, Jacqueline reasons that interactions with her family might’ve helped shape the issue bothering her. She is hoping for an epiphany. She pushes into her childhood memories regarding her Mother and stepfather.
Many of Jacqueline’s earliest childhood memories concerning her Mother and stepfather revolve around business. Thinking hard about it, Jacqueline figures their relationship seems more like a business transaction than one based on true love. Jacqueline decides her Mother had never been quite as nurturing as her nannies. Jacqueline felt sure her Mother loved her as a daughter. But, her Mother, Monica had little patience for words about love for Jacqueline or any other person that didn’t revolve around some kind manipulation using the word ‘love’ for business. 
Jacqueline remembers her nannies reading fairytales to her. The stories were of princes sweeping fair maidens off their feet and holding them close to their hearts protecting them from some danger. Love sounded so easy, wonderful, and natural when she was so little with her nannies reading these stories. Jacqueline found at a very young age reality was much less magical when she questioned her Mother Monica about how she and Richard her stepfather met… 
****
The Past, Home, Hamptons, New York. 
Little young Jacqueline’s body moves a little while staring at the ornate floor of the mansion. “Mom, when you and dad met did he lift you into the air? Did you know right away he was the one? If yes, tell me why?” 
Little Jacqueline faces her Mother, smiles, eyes wide. She expects for her Mother to cry a little, exclaiming how she and her Dad fell in love instantly and never left her Father’s side. 
Instead, Monica chuckles, shaking her head while eyeing her daughter. “My sweet girl, where did you get all this fluffy nonsense?” 
Little Jacqueline’s eyes narrow, a little frown comes upon her face. She is trying to understand love from her Mother. She moves her hands behind her back. She goes to looking down at the designer floor tile in this one of many of the massive luxurious studies. 
With a sigh, upon noticing her daughter’s behavior, Monica supplies, “Alright, I met your Father Richard at a social gathering in the Hamptons, honey. 
It was your grandfather’s idea. Your grandfather wanted to be around with others who had a lot of money. 
On the other hand, your Father Richard was at the function looking for any opportunity to expand his business. Your grandfather figured convincing Richard to marry me would benefit both of us.” 
To little Jacqueline, most of what her Mother says didn’t mean much to her. She only wants to hear the prince and fair maiden parts about her Mother and Richard’s love. Their love for each other as in the fairy tales. 
Little Jacqueline has other thoughts. She jumps up and down a little. With eyes wide she is requesting from her Mother. “But that’s so boring, Mom. Tell me how you fell in love!” 
She leans her little body forward into her Mother’s designer dress concealing her properly crossed legs. She plops against her Mother’s lap. She squeezes Monica’s fingers. Unfortunately, little Jacqueline’s pleading look goes unnoticed. 
While looking at her watch, Monica hurriedly pats Jacqueline’s head, “I have to go to a meeting, dear. I’ll see you later tonight.” 
She roughly pushes little Jacqueline away while getting up from the comfortable chair. Monica leaving little Jacqueline with trembling little lips and crying streaming down her little cheeks. Her eyes blur with the crying staring at her Mother leaving.

Chapter 3: Family Business 
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment.
Reeling herself back from her memory as a little girl, Jacqueline releases an exasperated noise, “Aaagh!”
She rubs some of the crying away with her fingers. “This is all so useless! That memory sucked eggs. I’m no closer to solving what contributed to my nightmares. Even though, I sense that a relationship or relationships may be the key to unlocking what’s driving these nightmares.” 
She kneads the bridge of her nose, thinking Alright. Where else can I take my trip down horrible memory lane? What else can I focus on? Some memories that will help me deal with my nightmares. 
I got it. My parents almost never talked about their relationship. They don’t act very close like the typical, intimate couple. But why not? 
Wracking her brain for more information, Jacqueline continues to reach back through some more memories. This time, Jacqueline sees her younger self asking her stepfather Richard about her Mother Monica and his first encounter with her. 
****
The Past, Home, Hampton, New York. 
Young Jacqueline is sitting on a large luxurious sofa in one of the mansion’s massive living rooms. Her feet don’t touch the floor and she swings her little legs back and forth. She notices Monica, her Mother is reading with intensity some papers. Jacqueline glances at her Father Richard is also working away reading some papers. She knows this is a rare moment where all three are together. The family is rarely together for any long periods of time. She eyes her Dad without blinking. Jacqueline slides off her sofa and makes her way to Richard. 
She stands in front of him contemplating Richard in silence for several moments before braving to speak. “Dad, is it true that you and Mom met at a super boring business meeting?” 
Richard’s eyes slide to the right from his documents, connecting with Jacqueline’s eyes. Smiling, he says, “Well, it was more like a social gathering, Jacqueline.” 
Monica scoffs upon hearing what Richard said while still reading her documents, “It was supposed to be a relaxing event, but your Father can’t leave business at the office. He’s always moving from one thing to the other to make money.” 
Little Jacqueline briefly glances at Monica then returns to investigate Richard’s comment. She sees him staring at her Mother. 
He raises one eye brow half closing one eye while staring Monica, “That’s what you love about me. Isn’t dear? In fact, I recall, one of your lady friends told me that despite my rugged good looks, I was of no interest to you until you discovered I was from money.” 
Monica still reading her papers counters “You’re so dramatic, dear. Besides, we all know that Elizabeth likes to gossip.” 
Grinning, Richard turns to connect with Jacqueline’s unblinking eyes. “Now, I’m not heartless like your Mother. When I first saw your Mother, I knew I had to have her. Her princess beauty took my breath away, and it still does.” 
Jacqueline squeals, clapping her tiny hands together. She quickly snaps her gaze to her Mother. “Mom, you have to say something cute, too! Like Dad.” 
Monica slowly lowers her documents eying Jacqueline. “Well, your Father latches on to people with those piercing blue eyes of his. Once he sweet talks them a bit, he pulls them in with his smile. Your Father can make anyone feel at ease. I suppose I found that quite… charming.” 
Little Jacqueline happily swaying her little body thinking All princes were friendly and had great smiles. 
****
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment. 
Jacqueline nods her head remembering her understanding of the type of relationship her Mother and her stepfather have. They were not very loving with each other since as long as her earliest childhood memories tell her. It is another memory after this memory, of all princes were friendly and had great smiles which bothers Jacqueline. She recalls, finding out how Richard saw her Mother and herself…this memory stirs something foul in Jacqueline. Jacqueline’s memory is when she is older almost ending her elementary school time. She quietly sneaks out of her bedroom making her way to the kitchen. She knows she is hungry for something to eat in the kitchen. She just doesn’t know what it is yet. 
****
The Past, Hamptons, Home. 
As Jaqueline makes her way near the kitchen, Jacqueline takes a quick dive to one of the walls when she hears men’s voices. Jacqueline carefully puts herself where she can hear what is being said without anyone noticing her. Jacqueline listens to her Father Richard talking with some of his business associates in their kitchen. She peeps around the corner to see a group of men holding glasses, some drinking, and some laughing in their talks. 
Jacqueline finds their talks boring and prepares to head back upstairs. Just as she begins to tiptoe away from the kitchen, Jacqueline stops upon hearing her Mother Monica’s name mentioned. 
Steve’s deep voice booms heartily, “So, Richard, I have to say, I’m impressed by your marriage to Monica. 
Oh, before I go much further, she’s still at that spa resort, right?” 
In business like response, Richard’s voice echoes down the hall for Jacqueline to hear, “How are you impressed by my marriage with Monica, Steve? 
And yes, she’ll be coming back tomorrow from the resort.” 
Steve winks with one eye then with a crooked smile voices, “Well, Rich, it’s just awfully generous of you to marry a woman with baggage. You know, who already has a kid. She’s used property. Come on. You’re a good-looking guy. You got the wealth to attract whoever you want. I mean. Why settle? 
You could have done much better. I don’t think I would have married to get acquainted and raise some other guy’s baby! I mean, I would have fucked her good, but not marry her.” 
Chuckles from the other men are heard by Jacqueline from where she is hiding. 
Jacqueline breathes in sharply, they make it sound like a bad thing that Richard isn’t my Father for real. Wait! He’s not my real Father! Is it a bad thing? Who is my real Father? 
Jacqueline’s thoughts are interrupted by Richard’s confident and assertive tone. “Well Steve, I didn’t settle. Monica is absolutely stunning. 
Unlike your wife, Steve, mine makes other men do a double take. She throws men off their game, and she knows it. She’s sharp as any of you and handles people to her will until she gets what she wants. Not only that, but my business has taken off since I landed her Father’s money by marrying her.” 
Steve remains silent, he knows better than to cross the line again with Richard. Now he has gotten a verbal whipping from Richard in front of the others. This making Steve look like less than a man. He retreats in quiet as he knows Richard or Monica can easily ruin him if they wanted.
Still hidden away from those gathered in the kitchen, Jacqueline goes to crouching on all fours on the cold designer tile floor. She crawls a little closer. She raises her body but, stays kneeling on top of her legs. With clenched fists, staring straight ahead, Jacqueline keeps trying to make sense of what she just heard in the kitchen that bothers her the most. My not real Father does not love Mother. He only thinks of her money and her looks. He only sees her as someone to get more money. What does ‘fuck’ mean?
Who is my real Father? Will my real Father one day come take Mother and me away from this life for love? 
Jacqueline clenches her tiny fists and rubs the cold tile floor angrily with her fists. She doesn’t know how to express her anger about being a kid not wanted. She is confused about her Mother not married for love.
****
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment. 
Sitting up, Jacqueline opens her eyes. Going through memories of her Mother’s relationship with her stepfather leaves her feeling bitter. Still, she senses she is on the right path for figuring out what are the foundations of her nightmares.
But, in later years I figured it something out. If my parents didn’t marry solely out of love, then did true love even exist? What is it like to be adored without needing money to prove your worth in being loved? Definitely no love there between those two. Definitely no real help in clearing up my difficulty in dealing with my nightmares. 
Jacqueline goes on to remembers some more qualities about her Mother. Mother being business like in her personal relationship with me; not being the one I learned from on how to care and being emotionally present to people. The nannies doing that loving part for me. Not my Mother. I guess she loved me in her own way. Darn, it sure makes life hard though when one has a Mother like I do. 
Jacqueline going through other memories involving her stepfather. Jacqueline grinning from memories about Richard making her feel better than her Mother. Richard paying attention to me was so wonderful. He made me feel special when I was in his company when young. I liked many of the conversations I had with him when I was little. 
She gets the sense she is on the right path of getting answers to what’s driving her nightmares. Jacqueline remembers the way Richard’s business associates had thought of her. I was and still angry about those he is in business with. So, I am baggage to be dealt with, an extra burden they had said. But, I got hand it to Richard. He sure knows how to put those business associates in their place. Yes, I sure do like that Richard spoke up about Mother. But, not so much about me. More about his desire for Mother. I just happen to be part of the package deal if he wanted to be with Mother. But, he did make me feel good around him at times. 
Jacqueline recalling her Mother’s manner of manipulating persons for business reasons. Why should I expect special treatment from Mother? I can’t remember anybody in her life where she is just in it for the relationship. All her relationships which I can remember have to do with what is in it for her. In some manner, each of her relationships are for advancing Mother’s driven desire to be successful. Mother’s successful driven manner coming from the way Grandfather demanded success from Mother. 
Jacqueline thinking, what was Grandfather’s influence with Mother? What had Grandfather done to guarantee Mother ended up the way she is with Richard and people? What was Grandfather’s pay day for making Mother this way? What did he get in negotiating his daughter being married to Richard? 
I think I remember…
****
The past, Home, Hamptons 
Jacqueline is in her first year of Green Meadow middle school, a prestigious private school. Monica’s Father Maxell and her Mother Maxine show up to a gathering at the Hampton’s estate being hosted by Richard and Monica. Richard, Monica and Jacqueline’s Grandparents stroll to where they are in a semi private lavish manicured lawn area of the mansion estate. 
Unknown to them, Jacqueline is quietly following them while staying hidden. She is curious what they will be talking about since they had insisted that she stay away from their adult talks. Monica and Richard had even offered for Jacqueline to go spend some time shopping for her favorite designer clothes and shoes. This had peaked Jacqueline’s interest to stay as she politely declined the offer. She had given Monica and Richard some lame reasons for staying at the mansion. 
As she follows the group, she sees her Grandfather walk off with Richard. She notices her Mother and Grandmother stay to exchange heated not so well-hidden barbs at each other. As much as Jacqueline is curious about what her Mother and Grandmother are so angry with each other about, she is more curious about what her Grandfather and Richard are going to talk about. She is quietly following her Grandfather talking with Richard. She notices when they stop their walking to face each other and continue their talk. She finds a hiding area on the estate where she can get close enough to hear what they are talking about. She finds her place and seats herself on the grass nearby being able to now clearly hear what both are saying. 
She hears her Grandfather chatting about the marriage of Richard to her Mother. Then this peeks her interest. “…Well Richard, I hope you are doing well with the old ball and chain life after your marriage to my daughter. If there is anything I can do to set my daughter straight. You just tell me. I have a way to make sure she does what you want.” 
Richard interrupts, “No need for that Maxell. I can deal with her and the kid. Besides, every time I get upset or even think about doing something drastic, I just think about our generous business deal. We are both prospering very well. You should be very happy with all the money we are making. My plan is for us to keep getting richer and I will keep tolerating Monica and the kid.” 
Maxell smiling and patting Richard on the back. “Glad to hear it Richard. I like the way you think. We keep getting richer then. You deal with my daughter. I know I have hard time with her.” 
Jacqueline stays in her slightly hidden area while staying seated on the grass with crying streams going down her cheeks. 
****
The Present, Jaqueline’s Apartment. 
Jacqueline wipes her crying eyes and dripping nose when she finishes with the memory of her Grandfather and Richard talk at the garden. Jacqueline sadly now remembers the pay day for her stepfather Richard and her Grandfather regarding her Mother’s marriage. She definitely senses there are clues to her nightmares with these memories. But, the clues are still pieces of a puzzle that she can’t make sense about.
But, Jacqueline then wonders, what’s Mother’s pay day. Did Mother even have a pay day? What kind of control did Grandfather have over Mother to accept such a forced loveless marriage for getting rich? What about Grandmother? What was her role in all this with Mother having a child out of wedlock? 
What was it about Grandfather being able to push his daughter Monica to be pimped out to wealth. Ugh!!! Mother was basically a piece of property for a business deal when she got married to Richard. Mother might as well have been sold as a worthy prize to her stepfather. 
These memories are triggering something else during her middle school years for Jacqueline. It just did not make sense to me at the time, until now…there it is. 
Her memory is during one of the Christmas Holidays family get togethers at their home. 
****
The Past, Home Hamptons  
Jacqueline is eating a delicious small piece of Christmas holiday apple pie on the stairs when she notices her Mother and Grandmother approach near the stairs very angry with each other. She can tell they are angry with each other because of how their voices sound and the way their bodies and faces are moving in their talks.   
Jacqueline can’t hear from her present location what they were upset about. She is very curious and decides to leave her plate of unfinished pie on the marble floor. She silently and carefully makes her way down the stairs till Jacqueline can hear what their arguing is about. She is hiding well enough to where her Mother and her Grandmother do not see her. 
She understands what her Grandmother is saying with an angry voice. “…If you had kept away from him and your legs closed from that sniffling, no body, boy, you would not be in this situation! You nearly ruined your Father’s and my plans. Remember, you agreed to our conditions. You said no matter what it took you wanted to keep that boy’s child   alive. 
I hope you remember that night. It was very unpleasant for your Father and me. You ruined our plans for your future. Your Father and I had sacrificed so much to get you ready into being with the right people. Only for you to go mess it up by fucking and getting knocked up by a nobody! 
So, suck it up! Your Father can still do something about killing that boy’s girl! So, do your part! Don’t mess this marriage up!” 
Monica staring savagely at her Mother. “Both of you are such fuckers!!!” 
Monica’s words echo in the mansion. Jacqueline sees her Mother’s continued angry stare at her Grandmother. Both angrily stare at each other mixed with clenched jaws and bared teeth. They say nothing more. Monica not countering any more with her Mother the deal she had made with her Father and Mother to keep her daughter alive. 
****
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment. 
Jacqueline just now figuring it out as an adult, Grandfather and Grandmother had forced Mother into some kind of unpleasant deal for marrying Richard in order to keep them from killing me. Even at my middle school age they still threatened Mother with my death. I knew there was a reason I hated those fuckers back then. I know very little about my real Father. I know Mother didn’t marry my real Father. 
I now realize my real Father was that boy angrily talked about between Grandmother and Mother during that Christmas holiday memory. Something else I do know; my Father was not considered a man to meet my Grandparents’ standards. My real Father definitely did not have the rich and powerful status of Richard. I’m amazed at how well all persons within my circle of family and friends has kept such a secret from me. 
Yep, Grandfather and Grandmother sure were something else. They really were pieces of shit, and the really smelly kind. I’m glad they’re dead. 
Poor Mother. What fucked up parents.
Jacqueline is trying to put in context her other realizations starting to come to her in dealing with this disgusting memory of Christmas, her real Father and the other possible clues to her nightmare. Mother’s marriage being forced upon her by her parents. Staying in a marriage to keep me alive.  Married to the charming but harsh manner of Richard. Mother dealing with her cut throat parents and Richard’s business associates. No wonder Mother and Richard’s relationship is such a mess. 
Now, I’m not beleiving how really romantic Mother’s stories were about Richard and her. I wonder when it came to telling stories to the women about she and Richard’s romantic exploits, she manipulated those women into the business deals. 
She continues to sense she is on the right path to figuring out what early life situations caused her nightmares. Jacqueline concentrates on digging through her mind regarding any memories about her Mother and Richard which will give her clarity about her nightmares. Jacqueline’s sense of dread triggered with the memories she just finished about her Grandparents, Mother, and Richard.
She feels she is getting closer to what may be triggering her nightmares. There are still no definite clues to reveal the meanings of her nightmares. But, she thinks, these memories are definitely giving me the sense my nightmares are linked to some type of family issues that goes back to when I was young. Maybe this is enough. I should not continue to punish myself by going through my life’s memories. 
Jacqueline can still feel the shark’s eyes on her, watching from the dark waters in her nightmare sending terrifying chills all over her body. I can’t give up, I must keep going back to memories, she concludes. 
Pushing away from her desk, Jacqueline walks to her luxurious bed. She slides on top of her soft designer bedsheets, stretching her body out on the bed. She moves her body to where she ends up laying on her back. Her eyes focusing on the darkness creeping into her ceiling as it gets darker. She goes about zoning out from the present, getting herself ready for a time to dig deeper into her memories.

Chapter 4: Powerful Dating 
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment.
She feels a tinge of satisfaction her memories have clues about her nightmares. She decides to follow those memories of her Mother and Richard’s so called ‘romantic’ relationship. Jacqueline decides she is going to process those early times of her life more closely with a new understanding as a 25-year-old woman. Jacqueline is starting to go through those memories which give her the most clues about her Mother and Richard’s relationship. Her many clues are starting to flood in from the social gatherings her Mother had with a specific group of women. This group of well-connected women of rich and powerful men were often invited by her Mother to their mansion home estate…
****
The Past, Hamptons Mansion. 
During one of the meetings of Monica hosting a group of powerful women at her mansion home, unknown to her is her 14-year-old Jacqueline is eavesdropping around a hidden corner. Jacqueline is in her conniving age to finally find out what her Mother and these women talk about. She listens to several of the women directing their conversations to her Mother.
“Monica, there’s no denying it. Richard was after you like a fox after a hen before eating you. By the way, I do mean it in the way is sounds.” A woman voices.
There is slight gasping laughter from some of the women
“No, really, I’m the fortunate one. It was more like guy fox chasing gal fox. Don’t you know I’m a great meat eater.” replies Monica with some women opening their mouths wide gasping in surprise. Their eyes wide staring at Monica.  
Some of the women getting over the sexually charged comment from Monica suggesting she sucks Richard’s dick quite satisfactorily.
“Richard…he was so clever the ways he would entice you to be with him. He had all sorts of ways of making sure you were interested in him. He’s so…” One of the women expresses.
Monica interrupts, “You think he was clever? How do you know it was him that was doing the enticing? What if I was the one setting up the trap? Hoping he would take the bait.” 
Monica seductively runs her fingers along both side of the curves of her hips. “Hey, what’s between these is great bait.”
Ceasing her socially appropriate laughter, another woman in the group expresses. “You’re so bad. 
Really now, Monica, do tell about how in the world did he get you to go in his family’s private helicopter to fly you around New York City. Fly you to the best restaurant in town to top it off. 
Here I know you well enough that you don’t like that kind of flying.” 
Another woman interrupts Monica from answering the woman’s query. “No, don’t talk about the helicopter flying time. 
Tell us about you and him on a romantic evening in Paris. Gives us the ‘X’ rated version.”
Laughing among each other there is another request. “Not that story, tell us the juicy details when it was the both of you out days on end on the family’s large private yacht. Both of you cruising along the coast until the both of you ended up to an exclusive island with crystal clear blue ocean waters.” 
Another woman cuts in “You guys are settling for crumbs.”
This woman with eyes wide and eyebrows raised faces Monica. “Tells us about the real juicy stuff. Tell us the details of when he proposed to you while on a romantic getaway in an Italian Villa overseeing the ocean.” 
Another woman chimes in, “Monica, wait…the wedding. Yes, the wedding! It was one of the most beautifully…decorated and well-put-out weddings of its time, It causing it to be the envy of all. 
Holding the wedding at the family Hampton estate, which would be yours that day, marvelous.” 
Another woman comments to the group, “I don’t know about the rest of you, but I had a blast rubbing elbows with some of those well-known famous celebrities and powerful people the day of the wedding.” 
Jacqueline moves her head around to notice her Mother thinking hard about how strategically she is going to proceed in addressing the gathered women’s comments and request. She figures her Mother is going to be giving only enough juicy details to keep the women engaged to further her real reason for having them meet. 
Monica facing the woman who had made a request about her helicopter flying and restaurant experience. “You are right about my really abhorring flying in a helicopter. I really do not care for helicopters but, the restaurant and my time with Richard I figured was worth it.” 
Monica goes about facing the other women gathered. “But really, my dear friends, think about it. A private flight to land atop a building. Both of us whisked down a special elevator having clear walls to take in the breathtaking views of New York city. The joy of stepping out of the private elevator to a fabulous restaurant. 
The experience to be catered to hand and foot in the best of ways. A meal that was to die for. 
I remember I had the pink duck breast, tender as any, exotic perfume of Vadouvan curry, with beautifully caramelized roasted lady apples. 
I recall Richard had the roasted lobster bathed in roe and crème fraiche, swimming in tarragon butter. The entrée was finished with house made potato chips showered on top for a populist touch. 
The place had immense window walls overseeing the city for taking in the breathtaking views. The romantic conversations with Richard, his lightly running his finger along my bare arm and thigh made me get all hot and bothered. His piercing blue eyes melting my heart. Those ways about him which make a woman feel very special to be around him. 
Passionate kissing while going back up the private elevator after a romantic experience in the restaurant. 
Richard stopping the elevator for us to make passionate love” 
Monica remembers the moment with Richard stopping the private elevator… “We embraced and become one in our breathtaking kissing. We kissed each other hard using our tongues for erotic deep kissing.
I got myself ready for Richard to take my body to sexual pleasure. I seductively slid out of my panties. I turned around and had put my hands on the clear wall and leaned my body out to him with my bottom pointing at his pelvis.
I eagerly waited for hot sex while leaning against the clear elevator wall looking out into the panoramic view of the city. I saw over my shoulder when he dropped his pants and underwear. He kissed the back of my shoulders. His arms wrapped around me from the back to caress my breasts. I moved my pelvis up. Rubbing my naked butt inviting his large rock-hard cock. I felt his cock rub against my pussy and bottom through my dress. 
He lifted my dress and made love to me from behind. He banged me hard. I felt like he spanked me with his pelvis. He brought my body into ecstasy till he pulled out from inside me with a loud moan. I saw him shoot his massive load onto the elevator floor between my legs. 
I turned around to face him allowing my dress to slide back into place. We did some more passionate kissing between us. We broke from our hard-embracing passionate kissing. I sucked his sex juiced cock when I kneeled in from of him. I grabbed my panties. I slid into my panties. He brought up is pants and underwear up after sucking his dick and him giving off moans of pleasure. 
He started the elevator. We had more passionate kissing and embracing till we made it to the awaiting helicopter…” 
Monica observes some of the women’s faces flushing and breathing a little faster. She figures they are being aroused by her story. 
Monica sees one of the women staring at her with interest. 
She voices with a mischievous grin while staring at Monica with unblinking eyes. “So, I noticed, dear Monica, you went somewhere when telling your story in the elevator. 
Maybe some more interesting memories with ‘X’ rated details?” 
Monica with a slight grin. “You are very perceptive. I had an interesting ‘X’ rated memory of the elevator sex. It involved Richard and I together in the elevator where he banged my brains out from the rear. He pulled out just in time to shoot his wad on the elevator floor between my stilettos.” 
Some of the women put their hands to their partly opened mouths from hearing of Monica’s audacious statement of her time with Richard in New York. 
Monica glances over her shoulder, strokes her hair with two fingers, then makes eye contact. “Yes, I put up with flying in his family’s private helicopter for a great romantic meal and great exciting sex.” 
Jacqueline from her hidden area feels her face get a little warm with embarrassment of hearing her Mother’s rather explicit sexual accounts with Richard. She knows from other spying experiences what sex can be like between her Mother and Richard. Jacqueline bringing her attention back to Monica, who she figures is continuing observe the women deciding which request to respond to next. 
Jacqueline sees Monica facing the woman who commented about Paris. 
Monica expresses. “Paris, now that is a romantic memory to tell.” 
Monica faces the rest of the gathered women. “For the Paris story, Richard first sent his private jet to my family’s hometown to pick me up. Wait, no, he sent a limo and a driver to pick me up from home. No…No…there is more before that. He had started all this Paris romance when he sent a bouquet of flowers which he knew I loved with the itinerary for Paris. 
Yes, that’s how this exciting romance experience began.
Now, Father was not an easy man to get excited over much of anything. Well, he was like a horny teenager about to get sex in the back seat of a car. Oh, he tried hiding his excitement knowing Richard was interested in going away with me. Father questioned me about liking the flowers and if I was excited about going to Paris with Richard. I teased Father along and until I finally revealed to Father how indeed I was just as thrilled about going away with Richard to Paris. Piece by piece, I slipped him more details about how Richard had plans for me to be picked up at our place. I explained to Father that a limo would be sent by Richard which would take me to the airport. There, I would board a private jet waiting for me in Boston. I told him stories of being pampered in Richard’s private jet which only Richard could afford and do. I kept getting Father all hot and bothered telling about the kind of money Richard would spend on me. He was highly encouraging of Mother and I going out to buy outfits worthy for the romantic occasion Richard had in mind. 
Mother and I had a blast shopping for outfits. Some of the outfits I remember for that occasion were an Armani Collezioni long sleeve black glitter Jersey dress. Another was the Brandon Maxwell black ‘Cady’ off the shoulder column gown. For that lady in red lure, there was the Lanvin red satin crepe dress before my return home. 
I get ahead of myself, before my return home I wore an outfit Richard bought for me in the latest style in Paris from the Armani Collezioni collection. 
I left out an important outfit out of my story. I bought an outfit for Richard to remove on our love making. I had gone with a tried classic, the Cosabella papyrus lace trim black Teddy. Ladies, this outfit got Richard’s juices going and mine when he did things to my body that just sent me to ecstasy.” 
Some of the women breathing quickens almost hearing their beating hearts as they nod their heads in silent approval of Monica’s description. 
Monica with her flirtatious behavior continues, “Well, my Paris trip begins as scheduled. I was wearing the black Armani Collezioni long sleeve black glitter Jersey dress. I had said my goodbye to the parents. The limo driver was right on time as I went out. The limo arrived at the private hangar at the Boston airport with Richard’s awaiting jet. I have run across so few crews who have taken care of me so very well compared to that flight. After some time, we landed in Paris. 
Off the private jet, my experience started out with a pleasant surprise. I was picked up by a driver assigned to take me to an undisclosed location. I got there. Richard was already inside the location. He had arranged to have the place all to ourselves. We enjoyed a marvelous romantic night at this wonderful restaurant. Each of us intimately, lovingly, lingered over the seasonal exotic cuisine, and beverages. We fed each other clam linguine and melt-in-your-mouth saffron risotto. We shared delicious wine that completed our palate’s delight. We finished our romance at the restaurant. 
We left the wonderful restaurant to our awaiting limo. The driver took us to a luxurious place at the historic Quai Branly just prime for viewing the Eiffel Tower. The romantic ambiance penetrated deep into both of us for love making.” 
Monica going into her memory getting herself ready to tell of great sex in Paris. 
“We had been passionately kissing till our clothes slowly melted away from each other’s bodies. He was sensually kissing and caressing my body slowly removing my black Teddy till I was naked.”
Monica running her fingers along the curves of her body. We used our tongues for erotic deep kissing. My body tingled with his erotic kissing and use of his tongue to my breast. He was so good in stimulating my nipples. 
“I ran my fingers through his rugged toned naked body. My fingers went up to his shoulders where I grabbed his shoulders tightly till our tongues were tasting each other’s’ souls. 
We released from our embrace. I leaned back against the sturdy dining table. I used my bedroom eyes and motioned him with my hands to lay me on top of the dining table.”
Monica replicates her body’s movement at the time.  My arms outstretched palms down on the table. He moved his body between my opened legs. He reached down and grabbed me hard by my bottom. He lifted me. He leaned me back on the sturdy table top. 
“His hand and muscular arm moved to the middle of my back to slowly lay me on the table.”
 I wrapped my legs around his waist. I used my legs, to pull him close till his big cock was against my pussy. I grabbed his cock hard. I used my legs and pulled him inside me. I brought him deep inside me. He moaned like a teenage boy all hot and bothered as I felt the full sensation of his cock inside me.
“He sent waves of pleasure throughout my body as he made love to me.”
 He grabbed my bottom hard to support me. I guided how deep I want him to penetrate me. I guided his penetration thrusts until I felt the concentrated shallow thrusts contact my stimulating enriched area of my pussy. 
I looked down at his banging meeting my pelvic thrusts. 
“I marveled at the moving of his muscles as he made love to me.” 
I closed my legs slightly heightening the tightening around his cock and stimulated my sugar walls more. I moaned so loud till I exhaled a loud erotic moan of climax. He exhaled a loud primal moan as he climaxed his massive load of his cum inside me… 
Monica shakes her head a little coming out of her memory, “My body felt great with romance and sex. Paris was wonderful.” 
Monica pauses to strategically present her next story of romance. She notices she is keeping the women interested. She eyes everyone in the room. 
Monica moves her body slightly when she faces her next person. “The yacht story. I must be honest. At first, I was not too keen on the idea of being out in the moving ocean waters on a yacht. Much the same reason as skirting around the skies in a helicopter. I thought I would have to fight back motion sickness on the ocean. Where is the romance in that I thought if I would be just vomiting all the time? 
Richard was prepared. Before the journey, he had me see his doctor. I was seen by their family medical concierge. I was prescribed what was guaranteed to work so no motion sickness would mess up our ocean adventure. 
Comes the day of our departure. The yacht from his family estate was beautiful as we approached it on the private marina.” 
One of the women curiously interrupts, “Which one of the yachts were the both of you boarding?” 
Monica responds, “The Cool Wave.” 
“Ahhhs” from several of the women.
Monica continues, “The Cool Wave was docked at one of the family’s Hampton private docks. We boarded. We traveled along the east coast. We docked at some wonderful places along the way. 
Now, I don’t recall what exact order we visited these wonderful places. These places were just as romantic as Paris though.” 
Monica reflecting, Richard and I having screaming body shaking sex at each place. 
Monica comes out of her thought, “One of our stops, Menemsha, on the isolated island paradise of Martha’s Vineyard. This place steeped in history and surrounded by incredible seascapes. Great romantic sex on the beach.
Another one of our stops was Berkshires, Stonover Farm. This a beautiful bed and breakfast which offers a luxurious country escape. Overlooking a glassy pond and surrounded by acres of rolling lawns and thick forests. Like teenagers, we rolled around on the lush lawns banging our brains out having body trembling sex.
We liked Congress Hall in Cape May, New Jersey. This place the oldest seaside resort in the country with a history dating back to 1816. Every room of that place with Victorian touches and modern amenities. I had screaming sex in so many positions in that room. 
We had an enjoyable stop at Sanderling Resort in Kitty Hawk, North Carolina. The perfect destination for us looking for natural beauty on the beach, outdoor activities, and a spa. The rooms had stellar views with elegant decor and balconies. Richard taking me from the rear to bang my brains out as I leaned naked over the balcony. 
I enjoyed with Richard our stop on a barrier island near Miami, Florida, the Ritz-Carlton, Key Biscayne in Florida. This stop offered attentive service, modern amenities, a choice of numerous activities. Unabashed sex in the ocean was quite thrilling.
We finally cruised past the Florida Keys to our own private island in the Bahamas. 
All this time, no motion sickness on the ‘Cool Wave’ by the way. It was New York and Paris all over but on our own island. The experience was most delightful as we enjoyed romantic walks on the beach. We spent wonderful romantic times gazing into the sunset over the clear-blue water from our villa.” 
Monica retrieving her memories from the island. “The enjoyment of making love in our glistening pool surrounded by tropical flowers.” 
Our bodies splashed for hours in the pool with both of us making loud moaning noises with our orgasmic sex. 
Her eyes flutter as she continues with her story. “The foods were deliciously exotic. The mackerel in banana leaf and the beef coconut curry. Balinese prepared types of rice for our Balinese roasted chicken or Balinese roasted duck. We had all different types of salads. Balinese prepared pork was so delicious. Our chicken wrapped in banana leaf exquisite. All sorts of superb fruit desserts like Es kelapa muda. A most delightful chilled coconut water and syrup drink was one of our favorites. 
Overall, the ocean and island sceneries and sex were breathtaking.” 
Another woman cuts into Monica’s story telling of romance. “Yes, Monica the cruise sounds quite delightful to all the senses. I want you to cut to the real stuff of romance. Tell us the details of when he proposed to you while on a romantic getaway in an Italian Villa overseeing the ocean.” 
Monica scanning everyone’s faces voices, “Many of you in this room were at the wedding. So, I’ll just let each of you tell your experiences to those who were not there. I’ll focus on the Italian Villa experience where Richard proposed. 
So, our private jet landed at the Pisa Airport. A driver took us to the romantic Cinque Terre, known as the Italian Riviera. We arrived at a villa situated along the rocky shores. We entered the villa via an imposing marble staircase. Richard took us to a living room with the floor to ceiling glazed windows were exhibiting the beauty of the rocky shores against the magnificent waters. Such a romantic inspiring view. 
We walked through the rest of the villa which had wooden and marble floors throughout. He showed me a luxurious lounge area with a fire place lighted for us. The place had a beautifully furnished dining room, a chef’s kitchen. Each of the rooms and bathrooms were luxuriously furnished in Italian design. The villa had two terraces with panoramic views that were just breathtaking. 
For our enjoyment of night life, Richard had arranged for us time at Riviera di Ponente. This was such a romantic experience while dining out. We had the most exquisite meals such as savory spinach pie known as focaccia torta verde. The pizza was served with a variety of exotic spiced vegetables with options of anchovies, tomato, sardines, and olive oil. 
We enjoyed these incredible dishes with Rossesse di Dolceacqua wines in white, vermentino, or red. 
We spent a day touring the lush seaside village with Cliffside gardens. All these experiences ramping up Richard and I my body for body trembling romantic sex every night.” 
Monic remembering while telling her tale of Italy. Returning every evening to our villa for passionate, screaming out loud, body trembling sex. 
Her eyes flutter as she comes back to focus on the women listening to her story. “It was when we were taking in the world-famous Giardini Botanici Hanbury gardens that Richard surprised me. He had motioned me to go over to him to enjoy a flower he had been admiring. He motioned to me to look at the exquisitely beautiful details of the flower. I have to say that it was indeed a most beautiful flower as he showed me the flower’s qualities. 
He said to me, ‘Is this not the most beautiful Passiflora edulis.’  
I must have given him a look of ‘what the hell you talking about.’
He goes on to explain, ‘otherwise known as the passion fruit flower.’ 
With those amazing blue eyes of his, Richard looked deep into my soul. He said to me, ‘I would love enjoying sharing passion fruit with you for the rest of my life.’ 
He used his finger like he had so many times when going inside me to fish out from inside the passion fruit flower this massive diamond ring…” 
Monica puts out her wedding ring finger for all gathered to see. “…the one you see me wearing.” 
Some of the women stretching their necks to get a closer look at the ring. 
Monica continues her tale. “He got on one knee then proposed in such a way that my heart felt like it would burst out of my chest. My breathing was fast as my heart pounded hard in my chest. I must have screamed ‘Yes!’ loud enough for all of Italy to hear me. 
We embraced in the wonderful garden and passionately kissed. We talked about our wedding plans the rest of our time there in between our wonderful passionate love making. Yes, we went on sharing about our wedding plans at all sorts of hours during the day and night for several days not leaving the villa. I think you get my meaning.” 
Many of the women’s swooning hearts are evident to Monica. Now Monica begins guiding the conversations towards the real reason for having them at her home. She goes about asking the women about their and their husband’s travels and possible romantic encounters. They eagerly share, they laugh about their stories’ misadventures, and romance as they enjoy themselves. 
Jacqueline watches her Mother manipulate the women gathered to tell of their husbands’ business travels. 
The talks finish, the women leave, they bid Monica thanks for a good time.
Later, Jacqueline quietly follows her Mother to one of the offices after all is quiet when the women are gone. As she nears one of the office doors, Jacqueline is slightly startled by the occasional sounds of mansion staff doing their duties. She gets close enough to the lavish wooden door to overhear her Mother and Richard’s conversations. She gets the sense the conversations are about what her Mother had learned about the women’s husbands’ travels. She believes this information vital to set up some business strategies to benefit Monica and Richard. 
Teenager Jacqueline gets verification of her Mother’s manipulations when she overhears Monica’s talking about her romantic trips are a setup, so she and Richard could get business intel on the women’s husbands. Jaqueline listens to what they are going to do next with the intel when she hears many pauses in their talks. She hears strange sounds and some heavy breathing quite often interrupting their strategy talks. No more conversations are heard. Only strange slapping sounds with heavy breathing moans are coming from the office where her Mother and Richard are inside.
Jacqueline can barely stand staying hidden any more as she has heard these strange noises. After a while, these noises got stranger. Jacqueline can’t help wanting to see what is going on between the two. She cautiously makes her way to silently jar open the office door just enough to peek inside the office. Jacqueline experiences an uncomfortably interesting sight. 
Jacqueline and her middle school friends had talked about sex. They would share graphic details of their peers having sex. What she is seeing between her Mother and Richard is nothing like what she had imagined or talked about what sex would be like. She notices sex looks so violent between them. She sees her Mother is bent over face down on Richard’s desk. Her Mother’s dress is lifted up past her waist. Her legs are spread apart to shoulders length. Her large round breasts are hanging out of her opened blouse with her bra under her breasts. He is violently grabbing onto her long hair pulling back her head to face the ceiling. 
He violently slaps her Mother’s naked bottom while he in what sounds like anger says quietly, “You’re mine! I’m your master!”
Jacqueline sees Richard violent banging her Mother from the rear. She sees her Mother’s breasts bouncing back and forth with her body’s movements of going back and forth are violent. Jacqueline is mesmerized and can’t look away from watching them do brutally mesmerizing sex. Jaqueline stays watching the hard pounding sex until her Mother and Richard ended up making embarrassingly loud noises as if in pain when they orgasmed. 
When Richard’s pounding between her Mother’s legs stop and they stop their pain filled moans, Jacqueline quietly closes the office door. She leaves undetected as quietly as she can while breathing in a very shallow manner. 
She starts breathing normally again as Jacqueline is trying to figure out if what she had just seen between her Mother and Richard was sex or violence disguised as sex. Jacqueline with sadness creeping into her as she thinks back to no-princess romance. She concludes, her Mother and Richard are all about matters are business strategies as well as Mother and Richard having violent loud sex. 
****
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment
Jacqueline is coming out of her memory of her Mother’s talks with the women and Richard’s sex with her Mother. Jacqueline concludes, there is so much wrong from what romance and sex was suppose be like when Jacqueline considers what she remembers of her Mother and Richard’s relationship and their manner of them having sex. 
So, the sex was real between the two. Quite a bit primal in a violent way. But real. The romance part is what was missing.
She reflects about her best friend’s talks of her own parents. Her friend’s parents are the normal ones to compare with her Mother and Richard. 
Jacqueline feeling these business manipulations and violent sex are definitely triggering foul ill feelings within her linked to her nightmares. She has more puzzle pieces but is not sure how they fit into the nightmares. Jacqueline does have more clarity but, it’s just on the outside of her getting a complete understanding. She concludes that her nightmares are related to something her Mother and Richard did to her as it relates to sex.

Chapter 5: Memories of Death 
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment. 
Jacqueline has foul feelings really creeping up hard from memories of her Mother and stepfather’s business relationship, their violent sex life, their forced romance, their dating and marriage. Jacqueline decides to fully engage in other memories she knows are highly displeasing to her. Those very upsetting memories are of her stepbrother. The only time in her life Jacqueline can recall feeling extra horrible within the family is at the birth, short life, and death of her stepbrother. Jacqueline remembers this horrible time in her life happened when she was a young age. She remembers how her life got so turned around when the attention and focus that she had experienced as freely as breathing changed to her younger stepbrother. Also, Jacqueline is sure there was an air of violent tension between Richard and Mother like never before. Jacqueline breaths in and out hard recalling that difficult time in her life…
****
The Past, Hamptons Mansion. 
Monica is yelling at Richard, “You cannot do this!!! You can’t bring that bastard of yours into our home!!!” 
Richard yelling back, “I sure can! I can do whatever pleases me! I will devote all my attention onto my son, Richard the second, by having him here.”
He notices Monica’s steely venomous eyes mixed with sarcasm “It’s a perfect bastard’s name. “  
Richard angrily replies. “Quit being such a bitch!!! 
Yes, that is my son’s name. You and your bastard brat need to get used to it.
You fucking whore…” 
Jacqueline feeling so uncomfortable hearing Richard’s angry mean words blocks out what else Richard is yelling at her Mother.
Jacqueline covering her ears and saying to herself over and over again. “It’s not so terrible… It’s not so terrible… It’s not so terrible… It’s not so terrible… It’s not so terrible… It’s not so terrible…” 
She covers her ears harder as the yelling between the two gets louder. “It’s not so terrible… It’s not so terrible… It’s not so terrible… It’s not so terrible… It’s not so terrible...” 
When all seems quieter, Jacqueline stops saying to herself her calming mantra. She lets her hands pressing hard against her ears lightly open. Only to hear Richard angrily throw one more bard at her Mother. 
Richard not as loud as before states to Monica. “You and your brat will have nothing. My son is the heir to my family’s empire. I will ruin you.
I only tolerated your brat, so I could fuck you…” 
Jacqueline covers her ears again for not wanting to hear all sorts of ugly mean things said to her Mother. She waits for when she thinks the argument will settle a little.
After several moments of not hearing any muffled yelling from her covered ears, Jacqueline uncovers her ears. It seems quieter. She is hoping all is settled. Jaqueline then hears Richard voice to her Mother.
“You and your kid will be out once I finalize the legal papers for my true heir. You can’t stop me. There is nothing you can do to stop me. I would love for you to try to stop me. I’ll enjoy ruining you and your kid. 
You are worthless to me since you could not give me my own child. You’re only a depository for my sperm with no chance of any child. 
Well, once I legally get what I need, you and the brat will be replaced. Once all is in place I don’t care what happens to the both of you.” 
Jacqueline’s eyes getting cloudy with crying not wanting to believe what hatefully mean words has come out of Richard during his arguing with her Mother.  Jacqueline’s mind is all confused as she can’t understand what is behind Richard’s hate toward herself and her Mother. These attacks by Richard targeting viciously towards her Mother, makes no sense to Jacqueline. 
Jacqueline is impressed by one thing during this horrible arguing. She admires during all the targeted attacks toward her Mother from Richard. Her Mother is tense but in control and matching his intensity while holding her own. 
In the days that follow that horrible day of Richard’s mean and ugly things he said, Jacqueline experiences her Mother’s careful watch over herself shift to Richard junior. Jacqueline thinks her Mother is doing this because it seems to please Richard. 
Jacqueline is wrong about her Mother finding favor with Richard as she accidently walks into hearing Richard threaten her Mother yet again. 
“That’s it you bitch!!! You were purposely trying to hurt my son. I promise that when the paperwork goes through then I will throw you and your brat out with nothing on the streets.
And another thing. What the hell do you think you’re doing dragging my ass holes of brothers into all this? I deal with you later about my brothers.”
Very unlike Monica, “I’ll do better Richard. Forgive me.”
Richard with a wolfish grin. “I’m glad you know who’s in charge…” 
Jacqueline running away from the cruel things Richard has said to find loving care in her nanny’s arms and words. Jacqueline find’s her nanny. Her nanny takes her by the hand offering words of comfort. The nanny continues to comfort Jacqueline as they go about getting Jacqueline her favorite pastries in the massive modern kitchen.
Jacqueline with her nanny is thinking to herself while eating her favorite pastries. Well, I’m glad for the nannies and servants. I get to spend more time with them as nice persons. I love my nannies. Richard is so horrible. But, not as horrible as my uncles Lance and Talon. Yuck, those uncles should be coming soon sometime today. I overheard Mother say earlier. 
As if conjured up by thinking of them, one her servants walks up to the both of them and informs Jacqueline, “Miss Jacqueline, make sure to stay hidden, your uncles are here visiting.” 

Jaqueline stares at the servant, “Thank you very much.”
She sees the servant leave then turns and pleads with her nanny, “Oh please do tell me where my uncles and Father are meeting.” 
Nanny shaking her head in ‘No’ fashion. “I don’t like it one-bit Miss Jacqueline. But, alright. You know I have a hard time saying ‘no’ to you.
Come follow me. But, you have already been through a lot. Are you sure you want more bad stuff right now?”
Jacqueline staring at her nanny nods her head in a ‘Yes’ manner. 
Nanny with calm soothing touch to Jacqueline’s shoulder. “Alright, I’ll take you. Promise me you won’t get caught.”
Jacqueline with glee in her voice, “I promise. I do really promise.” 
Jacqueline is secretly taken to a hidden area by her nanny where she can hear and see the meeting between Richard and his brothers. She starts to feel uneasy as there is anger between Richard and her uncles. 
Lance angrily yells at Richard, “Haven’t you done enough sinful things?!!!
First you married a woman who was not a virgin. She came with a kid after being knocked up. 
By the way, your wife is too beautiful. She causes men to lust after her. She can manipulate men in doing what she wants. She dangerously smart. She manipulated you into marrying her. She’s evil that way, I tell you. 
But now! I find out from your sinfully beautiful wife you have a bastard son out of marriage!” 
Talon get ready to join sides with his brother Lance. Talon puts on a fake smile, crosses his arms, stares at Richard. “Evil will befall you Richard.  I know you are our older brother, but, nothing good can come of an adulterous relationship that produces a child. 
What’s wrong with you?!!!  This is so sinful!”!!! Evil will befall you!!!” 
Lance chimes in, “You trying to make a bastard son your legitimate heir is all wrong. You are in for something really bad happening. God will punish you!” 
Richard squints his eyes, lowers his eyebrows, bares his teeth before spitting out. “Quiet! The both of you! Shut the fuck up! I’m the oldest. Know your places. 
Father gave me the power to run the family fortune. Something the both of you wish you have. I’m just trying to continue Father’s legacy passed on to me. I know he would have supported my bloodline of a boy being heir to all I have. I sure don’t want to leave anything to Monica’s girl. Especially to a nobody girl who is not even mine. So, both of you shut the hell up or I’ll have you thrown out! 
I don’t care you are my brothers. You don’t ever talk to me like this in my house ever again; especially, since I am the oldest. 
Tell Mother she needs to train the both of you in better manners. I know she put you up to this. I know dear Mother planned this! The both of you don’t have the smarts or the guts for taking me on like this.” 
Lance and Talon quiet…Jacqueline is taking in all which is said while wiping her crying eyes with her fingers. Her nanny gently taps Jacqueline on her back then goes to taking her back to her room.  
****
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment. 
Jacqueline wipes her crying eyes with her fingers thinking to herself. I sure don’t miss that time in the family. Yes, more puzzle pieces that somehow fit into the larger picture of my nightmares. 
She definitely feels horrible and sure she is on the right path to finding out the cause of her nightmares. Jacqueline has some very foul feelings turning her insides sour. Jacqueline remembers how for two years she despised her little stepbrother. She remembers desiring him ill at every turn. She is remembering her life a living hell during those times.  
However bad Jacqueline feels about these memories, she is still not sure these times of her stepbrother are connected to her nightmares. Still, she is not going to take any chances and leave any unpleasant memories out. Jacqueline goes back to thinking about that terrible time in her life with Richard the second. 
****
The Past, Hamptons Mansion. 
Jacqueline knows not to express her dislike of her little brother Richard openly. She also knows to be especially careful not to express her dislike of young Richard in front of her stepfather. 
She just can’t help herself in hating baby Richard. She recalls several plans of how she is going to do away with baby Richard. Jacqueline is going by their dining area thinking these evil thoughts when she sees baby Richard playing in their dining area. 
She runs up to him yelling. “I hate you baby Richard. I wish you were dead. I wish I could kill you.” 
Jacqueline freezes, every muscle going tense as she catches someone at the corner of her eye. She turns to her side and notices Richard glaring at her while putting some documents down on his lap. 
Richard suddenly erupts red faced yelling at her. “Get out of my sight now. I don’t want to see you. Go, now you little bitch!!! You’re not my real child. I’ve always hated having to deal with you.” 
Jacqueline runs away having trouble seeing where she is running as her eyes are cloudy with crying. She makes it to her room She slams the door of her massive luxurious room shut. She looks around her room. She finds what she is looking for. Jacqueline runs over and roughly grabs boy dolls. 
She slams the baby dolls on the floor while stomping on them yelling, “Take that baby Richard! Die, go away for good! I will find a way to get rid of you. You’re bad!” 
Jacqueline comes out much later of her room to eat. At this time of the day, she’s more settled from her anger against baby Richard. She is walking by one of the salons when something catches her interest. She sees Richard with baby Richard.
Jacqueline is watching Richard coddling his boy using a disgusting goofy voice. “Who’s my boy? Who’s my favorite? 
You are. Yes, you are my favorite. Nobody is like you. You are my favorite in the world. You are going to run my empire. You are going to make it better and more powerful. Yes, yes, you are.” 
Jacqueline has had enough of Richard talking this way to baby Richard. She is already angry with the baby boy from what happened earlier that day. She runs up close to Richard and baby Richard. She leans her body over baby Richard to stare closely inches from Richards faces.
Jacqueline angrily voices loudly, “I hate baby Richard. I wish I could kill you.”
Instantly after her outburst, Jacqueline is unexpectedly slapped hard in the face by Richard. Her face stinging from the hard slap as she is reeling to get her balance from falling backwards. Jacqueline brings her body back to balance from her stinging slap to face. She makes a wide stance, crosses her arms in front of her chest. She glares at Richard.
She matches Richard’s squinted eyes with his words stinging Jacqueline, “You are to never to speak that way about my son. Am I clear?!!! 
You are nothing to me, you nobody’s bitch!!! 
Soon, I will be rid of you. I will no longer have to deal with you so that I can fuck your Mother. I will have another one to fuck and enjoy since she gave me my own son.
Now leave me you piece of shit.” 
Jacqueline’s crying welling up in her eyes, going down her cheeks, but not crying out loud. She catches out of the corner of her crying eye a woman standing at the doorway. She turns to face whatever woman is standing watching this painfully humiliating experience.
Jacqueline eyes her Mother. She waits for her Mother to comfort and defend her. Monica standing in silent observation not offering to support Jacqueline or say anything on her behalf. 
****
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment. 
Oh, those memories are fucking bad. Definite foul feelings stirring from baby Richard times that have something to do with my nightmare, Jacqueline muses. 
She is suddenly taken aback her large luxurious apartment is so dark. Her stomach feels the pangs of empty as she realizes she has not eaten all day. Jacqueline promptly removes herself from her sitting to turn on some lights. She goes into her refrigerator. She gets some of her healthy snacks. She takes some bites from some of her power snacks. She finishes crunching and swallower her health snacks. She grabs and chugs her healthy power drink. She finishes chugging her drink and puts down the container on the kitchen island. Jacqueline goes and changes into her work out cloths. She gets herself to the exercise area of her large residence for her rigorous exercise routine. 
When she is finished with her exercising, Jacqueline slips out of her exercise outfit as she walks to her shower area. She throws her sweat drenched outfit into the hamper. She showers. She dries herself while walking naked to one of her dresser drawers of her massive walk in closet. She changes into a comfortable T-shirt and shorts to use as sleeping clothes. 
Jacqueline strolls barefoot into her kitchen area. She gathers her ingredients and cooks a light supper. She sits on her kitchen stool pulled up against her kitchen island and eats speedily. She finishes eating and cleans up her kitchen area. She goes to her living are where her phone is laying on top of her coffee table. Jacqueline resists reviewing any messages from her phone. She picks up her text book and reads for her medical course assignments. 
After some time of reading, Jacqueline finally tires. She sets her text book aside. Jacqueline strolls to her bedroom. She does her night routines. Jacqueline walks over to her luxurious king size bed. She slips under the king size designer bed sheets and covers. Jacqueline gazes at the ceiling to calm herself. She leans over, turns off her light on her nearby night stand. She closes her eyes, and in no time, she falls asleep.
****
A confusing and disturbing set of memories flood into her mind shortly after Jacqueline is awakened breathing hard in the middle of the night by her nightmare. She is trying to catch her breath from her nightmare while trying not keep a hold of her disturbing memories. No luck, her disturbing memories disappear.
Jacqueline is having a hard time getting her bearings after waking up late the next day. She gets up to do her morning routines. She sees that she has some time before her scheduled medical dealings. She is thankful she is able to bring back those memories that had evaded her earlier that morning. As she goes about doing her morning routines, Jacqueline’s memories begin when she is very young. She remembers the family limo driver coming to pick her up from her private school on a Thursday after lunch… 
****
The Past, Hamptons 
Jacqueline’s private school administration office is informed of a family emergency. The office is informed about a family emergency and that a limo driver will pick up Jacqueline. The up-scale private school assigns a staff person to retrieve Jacqueline from her classroom. Jacqueline’s class is located the staff person goes about walking to Jacqueline’s assigned classroom. The staff person from the office opens the classroom door. The instructor stops her instruction to look over to her classroom with an office staff standing at the entrance. The office staff motions the instructor over to him. 
Jacqueline like the rest of the students in her classroom wondering about what their instructor could be talking about with the office staff person. The instructor shakes her head in understanding then goes over to where Jacqueline is seated. She instructs Jacqueline to pack her belongings and go with the man from the school office. Jacqueline does as she is requested. She has all her items packed. She doesn’t turn around to see what kind of stares her classmates are giving her. She reaches where the office staff is waiting for her then follows the man from the office out of her classroom and down the historically old lavish hallway.
Jacqueline continues thinking about what the family emergency for could be being pulled out of class. The school staff person leads Jacqueline to the now waiting family limo driver near the administration office. The school staff motions Jacqueline to go to the family limo driver. Jacqueline recognizes the driver as one of the nice persons who has been around for her during those difficult times with baby Richard. 
Family limo driver motions and says. “This way Miss Jacqueline. Your presence is required at home.” 
The limo driver guides Jacqueline to the front of the school to the waiting limo. He opens her back door of the limo. Jacqueline enters the limo and settles herself inside the plush leather. Her feet dangling in the air as she shifts her body a little more into the plush leather seat of the limo. She stares out the dark tinted window as Jacqueline is driven to her mansion. 
After a while, the limo parks in front of the mansion. One of the mansion staff is there to greet Jacqueline at the entrance of their mansion when she exits the limo. “This way Miss Jacqueline.” 
The mansion staff guides Jacqueline into the mansion as the limo pulls away. When stepping inside her home, Jacqueline is passed by a whirlwind of people going about all over the mansion. 
In passing all sorts of people, Jacqueline looks over and sees Richard with a man she remembers as part of his business circle. She catches in mid-conversation what Richard is saying to the man “…took Richard Junior to the best doctors and sought the latest in medicine to save him. But, nothing could be done to save him.” 
Jacqueline’s young mind figures out Richard is speaking to this man about Baby Richard being ill and then dying. A slight grin crosses her face understanding that baby Richard is gone from her life. As she stays standing trying to listen to more of the conversation about baby Richard’s death, mansion staff gently guide Jacqueline to her room. 
Once in her room, the staff instructs Jacqueline to make do with what she has in her room to keep herself occupied. The staff promising someone will come for her later.
Jacqueline is not seeing staff, her Mother, or Richard for hours. This makes Jacqueline wonder what is happening regarding the baby’s death. She knows that even for this family this is unusual for her to be kept in her room this long. Jacqueline can take it no more. She decides to leave her room to begin wandering throughout the mansion to find out what is happening and to keep herself from going crazy from boredom. 
Jacqueline in her wondering of the mansion vaguely recognizes two angry voices arguing. She follows from where a very heated argument is occurring. She hides herself against the wall so as not to be she gets closer to the yelling. Rounding a corner hallway, she spots the heated argument she had been hearing is going on between her Mother and Richard. She is too far still to clearly make out what they are arguing about. She creeps slowly toward her Mother and Richard while staying hidden until she can hear what they are yelling about more clearly. 
She sees Richard yelling at her Mother. “Bitch! I don’t know how you did it. But, with all that is at my disposal, I will find out. When I do find out, you are going to pay dearly! You will regret what you did. Your kid will regret what you did. I promise you this.” 
Monica yelling back, “Did you really think you could do whatever you wanted and not pay a price? This is on you, you son of a bitch!” 
One of the nanny’s gentle hand on her shoulder startles Jacqueline. Jacqueline quickly facing the person who touched her shoulder. She is relieved the person is someone she can trust and will do her no harm. 
The nanny saying to Jacqueline. “This is not for you, child. Come with me and let’s get you away from here.” 
Jacqueline follows the nanny. She stays with her nanny enjoying her time. Her nanny spending time with Jacqueline playing, reading books, telling stories of a handsome prince saving a princess from an evil king. 
Jacqueline is curious about what has been happening throughout the mansion as she is being taken to different places around the mansion with her nanny. She sees everybody around her rush…rush…rush. Without Jacqueline being aware, she didn’t realize how tired she is and falls asleep on top of one of the large mansion sofas. Her nanny calls staff over to pick up Jacqueline from the sofa. The staff carries Jacqueline while the nanny accompanies them both. The staff is guided to take Jacqueline to her bed and lay her on top of the bed with her clothes on. 
Jacqueline is awakened from her sleep by another of the attending nannies. The nanny helps Jacqueline out of her wrinkled school cloths and guides her to get showered. 
After her showering, Jacqueline sees her nanny sets out and outfit and shoes. The nanny helps dress Jacqueline in a beautiful black dress and shoes. 
Jacqueline looks at her nanny while being dressed “I do not like the color.” 
Her nanny says nothing to her. The nanny gently pushing Jacqueline along to various tasks for getting ready. The nanny fixes Jacqueline’s hair up. She takes Jacqueline to the kitchen area for a quick bite of food.
In the kitchen, one of the mansion staff questions Jacqueline’s nanny, “Is Jacqueline ready for attending the funeral?” 
Her nanny facing the staff and with a stern voice, “Hush now. No more talk about the funeral. Yes, Jacqueline is ready.” 
The mansion staff, “Then let’s get her in the limo.”  
Jacqueline’s nanny nods her head in acknowledgement of the staff’s request. Her nanny takes Jacqueline to a different part of the mansion where there is supposed to be an awaiting limo. The nanny and Jacqueline exit their mansion and sure enough there is their awaiting limo. The limo driver has the limo door open for them. They enter the limo. Jacqueline goes in first followed by her nanny. Jacqueline doesn’t like having space between her and her nanny. She scoots herself over to settle next to her nanny in the limo. The driver takes off informing her nanny they are being driven to the grand cathedral for the funeral. 
When they arrive at the grand cathedral, the limo parks in the front. The place in front of the grand cathedral where the nanny and Jacqueline are to exit the limo is packed tightly with camera crews and news stations vehicles parked all over near the cathedral. 
Jacqueline is protected by her nanny they are mobs by reports with their electronic devices shoved into their faces. One aggressive reporter extends his recording device inches from Jacqueline’s face. “Any comments from you Jacqueline about Richard the second’s death.”
Another aggressive reporter pushing that journalist out of the way for shoving her recording device into Jacqueline’s face. “Jacqueline! Jacqueline! Any comments about how your brother died.” 
Journalist jumping through the other journalist and shoving through the other reporters, “How’s the parents’ fighting in all this Jacqueline?” 
Field journalist pushing aside the others, “Jacqueline! Where’s your Mother. Is your Mother attending the funeral?” 
Jacqueline’s senses are overwhelmed with the bombardment of people aggressively talking at her. She is having difficulty breathing within the mob of news teams. Jacqueline’s nanny sees Jacqueline’s duress while dealing with the reporters. The nanny not saying a word to them while pushing them back and away from Jacqueline. The nanny and Jacqueline finally enter the sanctuary of the grand cathedral. Jacqueline breathes a sigh of relief as they enter the quiet away from the loud chaos outsides. Inside the grand cathedral, Jaqueline looks up at the high decorated ceilings. She hears people softly talking as she is guided by her nanny towards passing through another set of massive wooden doors. 
Jacqueline catches bits and pieces of conversations from other adults as she enters the grand cathedral about herself… 
Woman, “Is that her, the kid named Jacqueline?” 
Man, “Yes, she’s Monica’s kid. You’d think her Mother killed the boy to make sure her daughter got everything.” 
Another man, “What is Richard going to do with the death of his son? All he has left is that brat over there he didn’t want named Jacqueline” 
Man voices, “I can’t imagine losing his son and be stuck with somebody else’s kid is really tough on Richard.” 
Jacqueline’s attention moves away from the talking adults when she briefly catches sight of her stepfather Richard. She focuses on him. She notices Richard is comforting a crying angry woman. This woman looks familiar to Jacqueline. She thinks she remembers this woman is her Mother’s friend from when her Mother gathers the special group of women at the mansion. 
Jacqueline can hear her Mother’s friend with Richard is angry in between her crying, “You do something, or I will! You promised me you would leave her! You promised me a life with you. Our child is dead! He died while with you!!! So, help me you better do something, or I will tell the news about us and our dead child.” 
Richard using his charm and embracing her, “Now, now, I will keep my promise. We will have another. You will have what I promised you…” 
Richard stops mid-sentence talking to the woman as he spots Jacqueline looking at them. The woman looks up at Richard to say something. She stops from talking with him and goes about staring where Richard looking. The woman Richard is embracing sees Jacqueline looking at them. The woman lifts her hand from Richard’s shoulder to her own chest. She stares in the direction of Jacqueline much in the same manner as Richard’s angry stare. Jacqueline sees the woman suddenly build up to a vicious anger in her eyes and face directed at Jacqueline when she keeps staring at her. The woman leans forward as if to run and grab Jacqueline to do her harm. Richard holds the woman back. Richard motions the nanny to quickly remove Jacqueline from their presence. 
The nanny grabs Jacqueline by the hand and pulls her along quickly away from Richard and the woman. Jacqueline looking back to make sure the woman does not get away from Richard to attack her. She sees Richard keep a tight hold onto the struggling woman and say something to her. 
Jacqueline faces forward as her nanny guides her down the grand cathedral’s aisle. They walk past the many wooden pews, before stopping next to a reserved cathedral’s pew.  Jacqueline looks over at the front altar of the cathedral. She spots at the base of grand cathedral altar a small beautifully-adorned casket. Jacqueline is interrupted from her looking at the small casket by the gently push of her nanny’s hands. She is guided into the pew where both sit in between people Jacqueline doesn’t know. Jacqueline stare in front of her. She sees they end up behind a wall of adults where Jacqueline can’t see anything but backs of their dark cloths.  
Jacqueline hears the soft murmurings of those gathered quieted when a majestic organ begins playing accompanied by a wonderful choir singing to begin the funeral service. 
The rest of the service at the cathedral is painfully difficult for Jacqueline to stay awake. She finds the service so terribly boring listening to people praying…talk…praying…talk…praying…talk…talk…crying…talking…praying…more crying. 
Finally, Jacqueline feels hopeful as the funeral seems to have come to end. She sees people with Richard walk out with the small casket down the aisle. Others follow Richard and his group who Jacqueline recognize as her uncles Lance and Talon with their families. Jacqueline and her nanny’s turn arrives for leaving the pew with their row of people go into the cathedral’s aisle. As they are nearing the exit of the grand cathedral, Jacqueline can make out the loud noise of the news crews just outside the massive cathedral doors. 
The loud chaos of the news reporters and cameras assault Jacqueline’s senses once more outside the cathedral. Her nanny does her best to keep news mob back from Jacqueline as they make their way to their waiting limo. Their limo driver has their door open. The nanny guides Jacqueline to quickly make her way inside while closely following. The limo door closes ending the loud noises of the news mob. Once inside the limo, Jacqueline and her nanny get settled into the plush leather seats. Both breath sighs of relief. Jacqueline past her nanny out the dark tinted limo window to see so many news media persons. While Jacqueline is still noticing all the news people, the limo slowly drives away leaving the news media mob frenzy behind. 
After some moments of quiet, Jacqueline looks at her nanny, “Are we going home now?” 
The nanny faces and smiles at Jacqueline, “No, Jacqueline. We are going to the cemetery for burying Richard the second. He was in that little decorated box called a casket near the church altar.” 
Jacqueline is not pleased about all this fuss is for baby Richard. But, she knows better than to make a scene about wanting to go home instead of wasting more time with anything having to do with baby Richard. She decides she will behave, especially towards her nanny who is so kind and caring of her during this difficult time. 
Jacqueline and her nanny are driven through immense cemetery entrance where a lesser mob of news crews and curious bystanders are gathered. The limo drives through the narrow-paved areas before the driver brings them to a stop. The limo driver opens their door. The nanny goes out first leading the way for Jacqueline. The limo driver has an umbrella for them as they exit the limo. Jacqueline is just noticing how dark the day is now with light rain. As Jacqueline, the nanny, and the limo driver walk through the cemetery, Jacqueline notices through the rain all the variety of tomb stones. Some seem like small temples while others seem like large decorations at some city park. She takes notice of all the other black umbrellas and people in black walking in between the tombstones. 
Jacqueline expresses her thoughts to the nanny. “There is so many people wearing black. I am away from Mother and Richard. I have no idea how to see them with all these people wearing black. Where are they?” 
The nanny avoids answering the question. Instead she offers, “Let’s keep walking Jacqueline. The cemetery service is just up ahead. This service does not last as long as the one at church.” 
Jacqueline accepts her nanny’s guidance. They continue walking through the cemetery until they are standing with other persons dressed in black. Jacqueline briefly spots Richard. He does not look her way. She scans the sea of persons wearing black but does not see her Mother in the crowd. Instead, she recognizes in the crowd her uncles Lance and Talon with their wives and children. Jacqueline recognizes Lance’s oldest son Kitron among the crowd of black outfits. She has a brief desire to want to go with them then decides not to. Jacqueline pays little attention to the cemetery service instead she looks around at the see of people in black. Her attention coming back to looking for her Mother interchanged with looking at her uncles and their family. She avoids looking at the angry, crying woman near Richard who had tried to grab her to do her harm.
The service at the cemetery ends. Many are walking fast back to their vehicles and limos as the rain comes down harder. Almost everyone is gone. Jacqueline, her nanny, and their driver are still standing there under the umbrella waiting for what Jacqueline wants to do. 
Jacqueline looking at her nanny, “I want to stay a little while longer, please.” 
The nanny looks over to the limo driver then back at Jacqueline. 
Nanny with softness in her voice. “We will stay a little longer Miss Jacqueline.” 
The limo driver stays in place holding the large black umbrella with streams of water flowing over its edges.
Jacqueline smiles a little at her nanny. “Thank you.” 
Jacqueline goes back to looking for Richard. She spots Richard and her uncles Lance and Talon arguing with Richard. She can hear them even from where she is standing. 
Lance being the loudest almost spitting at Richard, “I told you nothing good would come from your sin. Now the boy has been taken by God! When will you learn, you can’t displease God with your sins!” 
Richard firing back with just as much spit in the exchange, “That’s Mother’s nonsense. Get out of my face! Get out now! I never want to see any of you ever again! Do I make myself clear!” 
Talon angrily interjects, “You need to be angry at yourself! You did this! Sure, we’ll leave! All this is going very badly for you because you sinned! God is punishing you!” 
Richard spiting back in anger looking at Lance and Talon. “Both of you leave now! Take God’s crap with you! It wasn’t God who took my son. Where the fuck was God in protecting my son.
Get out of my face you piece of shits. You and your god damn families.” 
Lance and Talon say no more as they lead their families away. Some of Lance and Talon’s children turning around during their walking away to look at their angry uncle. they leave. Some of Lance and Talon’s children as well as Jacqueline catch the sight of an angry Richard. They see Richard kicking into the air some flower decorations surrounding the burial site of his son after his brothers and families are walking away.   
A kind voice and hand from the nanny on Jacqueline’s shoulder. “Come with me, child. It’s time to leave.” 
Jacqueline nods her head in agreement. She is led by her nanny to the limo with the limo driver holding an umbrella over their heads to protect them from the now heavy down pour of rain. He opens the limo door. They enter the dry comfort of the limo. Jacqueline settles next to her nanny. The nanny and Jacqueline are driven back to the mansion home. 
It is still raining hard when the nanny and Jacqueline are driven to the mansion’s front entrance then to the side of the mansion. The limo parks in another area of the mansion. Various mansion staff are there to receive Jacqueline and her nanny with an umbrella as they exit the limo. The nanny and Jacqueline are guided by the different mansion staff towards the mansion. The limo pulls away as the mansion staff holds the umbrella over their heads as they make their way inside the home. 
Once inside the foyer area, the mansion staff shakes off the rain from their umbrella and goes their separate way from the nanny and Jacqueline. The nanny stays with Jacqueline. Jacqueline looks at her nanny with a questioning look.
Her Nanny looks at Jacquelin, “Let’s get you to your room Miss Jacqueline.” 
Jacqueline nods her head in agreement. She is escorted to her room. They arrive to Jacqueline’s lavishly furnished large room.
Her Nanny is speaking with her while getting Jacqueline’s wet little jacket off her. “Go ahead and stay in your room. There is plenty for you to do here. I must get back to attend to some matters.” 
Jacqueline nods her head in understanding. The nanny reaches over and kindly rubs Jacqueline on her shoulder then leaves. 
After what seems like an eternity of being inside her room trying to find things to keep herself occupied, Jacqueline decides to go exploring around the mansion. She wants to find out what is going on with her having to stay in room or such a long time. She quietly leaves her room and goes about the mansion hiding in places where she can’t be detected by mansion staff or others. She hears echoes throughout the mansion of people talking. She hears other noises besides talking that gets her attention toward one of the guest bedrooms. Noises she could not clearly make out if from human or animal. Noises that somehow seem familiar to her. Noises she remembers hearing before. 
Jacqueline follows the noises to one of the specific guest mansion rooms. The noises sound much like the ones she remembers when her Mother was with Richard in their bedroom. Jacqueline is very careful not to make a sound as she opens slowly cracks the door open to the guest room. She cautiously peeks inside through the cracked opened door. She sees a trail of cloths going into the bedroom. She quietly inches forward scanning her surroundings while following the trail of cloths. The animal type noises get louder as she gets closer to the bedroom. Jacqueline is stepping very carefully and well as breathing quietly. She makes it to the bedroom entrance. She kneels on the hardwood floor. She cautiously peeks into the bedroom so as not to be seen. 
Jacqueline is surprised and mesmerized by what she sees happening on the large luxurious bed. Her Mother’s beautiful naked body is on top of a young naked muscular man not Richard. Her Mother’s legs are on each side of the young man’s hips. She sees her Mother moving her body back and forth hard on top of the young man. Jacqueline is embarrassed to hear both making noises as if in pain. She notices her Mother moving her naked body back and forth with more intense force. She watches her Mother increasing her body movement until both give off, what Jacqueline interprets are low noises of animals in pain. She sees her Mother’s hands quickly rest on the young man’s muscular chest while her body shakes uncontrollably on top of the younger man. Jacqueline feels a mix of emotions as she quietly sneaks away from the bedroom through the guest room and back to her room. Jacqueline is both bothered and curious about her Mother having body shaking sex with another man not Richard. When she had seen her Mother and Richard have sex, they looked violent with each other.
****
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment.  
Jacqueline thinking back to that time of baby Richard’s funeral. The loneliness, being so alone. The echoes of sympathetic well-wishers in the home, like ghosts in a home. The guilt and satisfaction that baby Richard was dead. Richard with a woman not Mother. Mother having body trembling sex with a young man not Richard. 
Painful emotions flood all over Jacqueline, but, not the foul feelings of the previous memories. Jacqueline sets these memories aside. She gets up from her sofa. She goes about her apartment home picking up things. She is tidying some around the apartment home before the maid comes in at her scheduled time sometime in the week. She gathers her cloths from her hamper bag, ties up the bag. Jacqueline leaves her home and walks over to her raven black Cadillac two door ATS coupe. She opens the trunk with her key. She throws in her trunk the bag of cloths and closes the trunk. She walks over to her driver’s door. Jacqueline opens the door with the touch of her hand. She settles herself into the driver’s seat. She drives to a nearby laundry place. 
Jacqueline goes into the laundry place, checks in all her dirty clothes to the person receiving her laundry. She receives her ticket from the person. Jacqueline returns to her ATS. She unlocks her driver’s door and settles into the driver seat. She sets as her next destination a place to pick up a light meal. Jacqueline orders and pays for her meal. She drives back to her home. 
Jacqueline parks her ATS in her designated parking garage area. She enters her home. She tosses her purse on the sofa, leaves her light meal on the dining table, then goes about to set up her beverage for drinking with her light meal. With drink in hand, she seats herself at her nice dining table. She finishes her light meal, cleans up, and continues to do her other regular routines. When finished with her routines, she strolls to her couch, sits down, gets comfortable. Jacqueline breaths in and out hard.
With some dread, Jacqueline says to herself “Well back to those memories. There must be some more puzzle pieces that tells me what is causing these nightmares.”
She closes her eyes and continues exploring more memories that she senses will give her clues about her nightmares.

Chapter 6: Memories of Medical Profession 
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment. 
Jacqueline returns to exploring memories involving her Mother and Richard’s parenting of her. 
“Parenting, what a laugh”, Jacqueline says to herself.
This area seems to be the one that stirs foul reactions within Jacqueline. She decides to go back through those memories of when she was 13 to14 years of age. This time in her life evoking more tinges of foul feelings. During this time, Jacqueline’s memories are more brutal… 
****
The Past, Hamptons Mansion 
Jacqueline can see Monica and Richard’s talks to each other had become more distant. She thinks how they are rarely in the same room together including meals. Jacqueline remembering that when they are together, their exchanges are intense. Jacqueline thinking how their relationship has become more business like since the life and death of Richard’s son out of marriage. 
Jacqueline hears the tense silence interrupted by her Mother Monica voicing to Richard, “Have your incompetent bimbo coordinate with my staff the date and time for our upcoming meeting with the business associates. If it wasn’t for my staff doing damage control, we would have paid dearly in our upcoming business deal.” 
Richard’s with just as much intensity returns, “She not a bimbo! I take offense of such an accusation! It was your staff’s incompetence that nearly cost us dearly in that business venture.” 
Monica counters, “Come on Richard! Be honest with yourself when it comes to business. This is money we are talking about. If it wasn’t for what’s between that bimbo’s legs and her looks, you would have gotten rid of her a long time ago. This is so unlike you to mess up our business for personal pleasure. You know I’m right! Use her in some other way. I don’t care! Fuck her all you want. But, get our business affairs out from under her.” 
Jacqueline can see Richard is angrily silent as he glares at her Mother. Jacqueline notices he is wanting to say something back at her Mother. But, she can tell he knows her Mother is correct. He gives Monica a look of disgust, huffs a little, then walks a little. He stops near the exit not looking back at Monica. 
There seems to be a distance in Richard’s conversation with Monica. “I am working late again. 
So, don’t wait up for me. Do what you want with your time.” 
With Monica’s response being, “Your work is keeping you away quite a bit.” 
Without looking at Monica, Richard voices. “You know how it is to keep the business going.”
“Sure, it is.” replies Monica. “Anyways, I have a business network meeting with a group this week.” Monica announces to Richard. He has his back to Monica. He is silent for a few seconds. He turns his head slightly over his shoulder.
Richard’s response: “Good, make it worth the effort to get something worthwhile out of those women.” 
Monica says nothing in return.
Richard voices, “I will have my assistant contact yours to coordinate the details of the next meeting to do damage control. Does that work for you?” 
Monica responds to Richard without looking like she is at all interested. “Sure.” 
Jacqueline has come to understand that family times together are for talks of business strategies or talks about successful business strategies. Jacqueline is a little sadden that is all that is left of Monica and Richard’s life together as well as any semblance of a family being gone. 
Jacqueline thinks about how it is day after day, week after week, month after month. She notices the level of their talks to be mostly business like bitter interactions. This leaves Jacqueline feeling caught in the middle of nowhere regarding being a family. The only plus Jacqueline can think of is her Mother being more focused on Jacqueline again in her limited Mother manner. Jacqueline feels the love and support as much as her Mother can return as it is, before baby Richard came into her life. Jacqueline relishes whatever her Mother can give her now. Jacqueline does notice there is a difference in the way her Mother talks to her. Jacqueline reminded that her time with her Mothers seem to be more about apologies for not being a good Mother. 
Jaqueline thinking of those times when her Mother unexpectedly, would say the most apologetic things to her. Jacqueline remembers alone time with her Mother while at one of the grand salons. Jacqueline had not noticed her Mother get up from her seating area where she was silently reading business document. She had even notices when her Mother silently walked over to stand behind Jacqueline. It was not until her Mother’s fingers were going through Jacqueline’s hair that she was startled and turn around. She was expecting one of the nannies. Instead there is her Mother. Jacqueline smiles a little and turns back around for her Mother to continue running her fingers through Jacqueline’s hair. This is one of those special times together that Jacqueline cherishes. She is confusing wondering why her Mother looks so sad. To add to the moment, her Mother requested of Jacqueline to one day be able to forgive her for her failings as a Mother not being able to protect Jacqueline. 
At another time during breakfast, Jacqueline recalls her Mother, Monica saying that she knew she was not the best Mother but that she was trying her best. She requested of Jacqueline to be able to forgive one day.
Another instance of requesting forgiveness was while sitting next to her Mother in their swim suits on a beautiful beach in the Bahamas. Jacqueline had been admiring the crystal-clear ocean and panoramic view of the ocean offset with wonderfully placed clouds. She remembers awe of seeing paradise was interrupted when her Mother reached over and lightly touched Jacqueline on her arm. Jacqueline goes about turning her head to looking over at her Mother. With sadness in her eyes, Monica stating to Jacqueline that she hoped she will remember her to be a good Mother and not hold it against her how she failed Jacqueline badly. 
Each time with these unsettling talks with her Mother, Jacqueline recalls not being quite sure how to respond to her Mother. Jacqueline breaths in and out hard as she remembers being mostly quiet and nodding her head to her Mother in acknowledgement she understood what she said. 
But, Jacqueline knows she did not really understand what her Mother meant by such apologies. What is Mother apologizing for?
On those rare occasions when she is on her game, Jacqueline recalls what she would tell her Mother, ‘I love you. You will always be my Mother.’ 
Jacqueline considers that if her Mother’s talks are not difficult enough, she is having more of a difficult time adjusting to Richard’s treatment of her. Her time with him is not bad. It’s not bad at all. In fact, he is downright nice and supportive of her. She can’t understand why Richard is no longer savagely mean with her or that his vicious attacks to her are now gone.
Jacqueline reflects, I was not an important subject in Mother’s and Richard’s talks anyway. But, Richard sure has taken a creepy turn in being nice to me. 
During this time, Jacqueline thinks of the many pleasant times she is having with Richard. She remembers a time when he complemented her about her looks. She still remembers him to say, ‘You are turning into a beautiful young lady. You look nice today. You’re a real catch.’ 
She recalls waiting for an outburst of anger that did not come when she informed him that she was going shopping for clothes. She is surprised with Richard’s interest in her clothing. Jacqueline remembers being cautious in replying to Richard when he unexpectedly offered to go shopping with her.
‘How about we get you into the latest styles that will look good on you. I want you to be the envy of girls at your school.’ 
She had cautiously responded that she would like to go shopping with him. Jacqueline remembers as a complete surprise to her how wonderful it was to be around Richard shopping with her instead of sending one of his staff. She feels great thinking about all the compliments he showered on her that day. She is surprised he would have taken her to top designers and be involved with getting outfits that left her looking stunning. Jacqueline knowing that at least one of the outfits was very expensive. Knowing that Richard had paid a small fortune for several of these outfits is surprising to her. She recollects how she graciously nodded her excitement in acceptance of what Richard was offering her. After going through an enjoyable experience of shopping for designer outfits with Richard, she was thoroughly surprised when he offered to take them to a most exquisite dining experience. She of course had taken him up on his offer. Jacqueline so much enjoyed eating out at the best place in town after their shopping time. She didn’t know this side of Richard existed. She was having a time of her life.
Jacqueline remembers at another time Richard quite unexpectedly stopping from his hurried business run to talk with her. During their talk about Jacqueline wanting to change her looks, Richard offered to bring a renowned hair stylist and his crew to their home. Jacqueline still can’t believe Richard had taken the liberty of scheduling Jean Luc to their home for him to work on her. Jacqueline in giddy delight knowing the famous stylist Jean Luc will be in their home. She is so grateful to Richard. She is delighted that so many at her school got to be so envious when they found out Jacqueline was getting special treatment from a renowned hair stylist. 
On the day of Jean Luc’s arrival to their home, he brought with him Marco. Jacqueline feels wonderful thinking how Richard brought to their home Marco, a renowned person in the make-up industry and Jean Luc. She remembers enjoying all the attention Marco and Jean Luc gave her in looking her over. Jacqueline very pleased that these famous persons said she is a stunning young lady. Jacqueline is very satisfied that they and their teams highlighted her best features. Jacqueline is still mesmerized being in the same room with these two persons.
Between the cloths, her new look from well-known persons, the kids at school were abuzz about Jacqueline’s good fortune. The changes her peers at school saw in her meeting their approval. Her popularity in school sky rocketing. All sorts of persons wanting to be her friends. All sorts of guys and men interested in her. Jacqueline enjoying being able to talk to Richard about her being the envy of her school and the notice she was getting from the Fathers of the other kids. 
Jacqueline nods her head in excitement for the opportunity given to her by Richard in going with him to his business meetings. Jacqueline is mesmerized being next to Richard involved with rich powerful person’s well known to everyone. 
Even with all this favorable experiences Jacqueline has in the back of her mind a pressing thought. What is driving Richard’s change in how he treats me?  This change is not even like going back before baby Richard was in our lives. Instead of Mother being happy for me in how Richard treats me she seems so sad.  
****
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment. 
Jacqueline is coming back to the present. She processes her memories of that time. I take that Richard’s treatment of me at the time to mean that he wanted to get in good with me to somehow get back at and hurt Mother. There is definitely something important that I can’t quite remember from this time in my life. I feel great and disgusted at the same time.
This set of memories set Jacqueline’s foul feelings over the edge. I just cannot put a finger on what it means. This time in my life has something to do with my nightmares. 
There is something very foul in these memories as Jacqueline shakes her head when she realizes she needs to start her breathing. As she breathes, Jacqueline stays silently to herself while seated on the couch. Jacqueline dares to go about exploring other memories of her eighth-grade medical doctor decision being supported by Richard. 
****
The Past, Hamptons Mansion. 
Nearing the end of her eighth grade, Jacqueline announces during supper her interest in a medical career. A supper that is miraculously being attended by Monica and Richard. 
Richard faces Jacqueline after her announcement. “That’s nice Jacqueline. What brought this on?” 
Jacqueline explains to him, “This interest has come to me over some time at school this year.  Several times during this year in fact. 
It started with one of our school’s announcements. The announcement went something like ‘We wish to congratulate our eighth graders as they will soon leave our fair school. We desire that their futures be bright in their next choices in life.’ 
Well this got me to thinking about what I am going to do as far as a career. There were several times during my eighth-grade year when our instructors encouraged us to get going for ending up in the best college prep private schools. They basically were advising us that in order to get into our Ivy League options, we should consider the best possible college prep private schools.” 
Richard grins at Jaqueline while replying, “I think that’s an excellent idea. I know some people who can help. But, I’m going to need you to be on top of your game. I want you to do exactly what I tell you. Do this and I can make this medical career of yours become a reality at the prep private school. 
Are you up for the challenge Jacqueline?”
Jacqueline with authority and sureness, “Yes. I’m up for it. I will do whatever it takes.” 
Richard smiling, “That’s my girl.” 
Jacqueline looks over to her Mother for support.
Surprisingly, the way her Mother looks, and responds is less than festive, “That’s good Jacqueline. I know you will do well.” 
After her Mother’s looks of sadness and words of little encouragement, Monica forces herself to sadly smile and nods at Jacqueline. Jacqueline’s focus is taken away from her Mother as Richard gets right on it talking to Jacqueline and starts making calls. He works closely with Jacqueline explaining what she needs to do after each call. Jacqueline does what Richard requests of her. 
Jacqueline comes to understand what Richard is doing. He is getting Jacqueline prepared for some powerful networking for selling Richard’s business deals while advancing her own academic goals. Jacqueline agrees to this business venture. 
Richard goes about taking Jacqueline to meet the persons he had managed to set meeting times with. He brings her to these meetings with the rich and powerful in the guise of trying to get her into the best private prep school. After the successful meetings, Richard being supportive of Jacqueline that she had done well. 
Richard encourages her. “Jacqueline keep following my guidance and you are going to get into one of the best college prep schools in the nation.” 
Their hard work pays off. Jacqueline is admitted to one of the country’s best college prep private schools in the east coast of the United States. Jacqueline enjoying the experience from the networking and meetings with the rich and powerful which Richard had coordinated. 
What a rush it was to work with Richard, Jacqueline thinks to herself. 
****
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment. 
Jacqueline still feels such a rush of working to be successful with Richard during that time in her life. 
She’s thinking, I recall Richard saying to me apart from Mother, ‘I will be getting you into the best college prep private school. I want you there so that you will get to know the kids of some of the most powerful and influential families in the world.’ 
Business networking again reflected onto me this time through my college prep school years. Richard began networking to ensure there was the best availability of college prep options with powerful and influential families for me to meet. He would discuss business strategies with me to win over rich and powerful persons of interest. We were successful. So why do I feel disgust with myself at the same time great satisfaction in being with Richard? 
Jacqueline ponders something on tangent. What was my reason for selecting the medical profession? 
There is a moment of silent searching until she reaches her truth deep within her conscious. It comes to Jacqueline, it was because of my stepbrother’s death. I wanted to ease my guilt of wishing him dead. Saying to myself that I would try to save children who became ill. 
Jacqueline reprimands herself out loud. “I have just barely figured this out? I have been trying to redeem myself of baby Richard’s death by choosing the medical profession! 
Not only this, Richard seemed to have replaced Mother with me when it came to getting business strategies done during that time in my life.” 
Jacqueline realizes that there is a lot of guilt and feeling of disgust in these memories, as well as a lot of puzzle pieces that fell into place. She utters to herself. “Something in this area definitely linked to my nightmares. I just don’t have it all cleared up yet.”

Chapter 7: Best Friends 
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment
The next memories Jacqueline decides to tackle are her college prep school memories. These memories following her memories of how Richard helped her get into the prestigious school. These memories, she hopes, will provide her with more clues regarding her nightmares. The memories of working with Richard to get into the prestigious school had already given her a sense the nightmares were somehow linked to this period in her life… 
****
The Past, Ross, Prestigious Prep School 
It is a new school year experience. The upper classman are brutal with the freshman class during the first day of school. The freshman class networking to determining who is worthy of belonging with them to fend off the upper classman. The freshman mostly joining forces to fend off the well-versed attacks, well connected, well run groups of the upper classman. Some freshman joining with each other because they were from the same school. Some of the freshman already with some of the upper classman because of knowing each other’s families. 
Jacqueline sees some of those from her former school. But, they are not the type of people she desires to be around. Jacqueline does her own thing. Her confidence of power stands out. Her poise stands out. Her forceful drive emanates from her. Her cloths and her look indicative of money. Jacqueline avoids getting caught up in the dramas unfolding all around her. She is putting in their places upper classman who target her as fresh meat for sex. 
An upper classman queen bee with her entourage is shamed into retreating after going after Jacqueline. Jacqueline figures she has no time for any of this foolishness. Her number one goal is she is driven to do well in her studies. She decides the importance of doing well in her studies is for getting into an Ivy League university. She is already geared for taking courses that will help her for her undergraduate and then medical studies. 
Jacqueline senses she is doing well so far of gaining approval from her new instructors. The silent smiling approval from my instructors just like in the business meetings with Richard. I have them won. 
Her manner of engaging her instructors are successful where they seem to genuinely like her. 
History is a little of a challenge for Jacqueline. It is in History class where she meets a peer who is quite an interesting and driven person herself. 
Mz. Blackwell is the instructor of Freshman History. She is giving her fear speech, “In all my years of teaching, very few students have passed my class with anything above a ‘C.’ Little less earn an A.”  
Out of the corner of Jacqueline’s sight, she can see to left of her a calm peer. She notices this peer to have a ‘Uh huh you think you can scare me look.’ There is something about this peer that immediately gets Jacqueline to like her. After class ends, Jacqueline knows that Mz. Blackwell is going to need some softening up before approaching her in the same manner she had done with her other instructors. 
Jacqueline is packing her things from her desk. Jacqueline looks ups. Almost everyone is gone. She steps outside of the classroom and begins walking down the hallway when the peer, who had been sitting to the left of her in class is standing in front of Jacqueline. 
“Hi, I’m Tina. I noticed you did not flinch at Mz. Blackwell’s threats.” 
“Hey Tina. I’m Jacqueline. The same to you. I’m a rather straight-talking person. I find you interesting. How about we meet up for lunch to get to know each other more?” Jacqueline finishes with a smile. 
“You don’t waste time. Sure, I’ll find you for lunch.” Tina replies. 
They find each other at lunch, both talk about themselves. Sharing some about their families, siblings and no sibling. 
Tina expresses, “I am the oldest of three. I have a younger sister and a brother who is the youngest. Not to brag on myself, but, I come from an amazingly fascinating German ancestry.
What about your family?” 
Jacqueline replies. “I had a younger stepbrother, but he died. I just come from rich. Not much of an ancestry that’s fascinating.” 
Tina does not miss a beat. “Sorry to hear about your stepbrother. My little brother can be a pain. I do wish him dead quite often. 
Don’t bother yourself over the ancestry thing Jacqueline. You carry yourself pretty well.” 
During their conversations, Jacqueline questions, “You know, the name Tina does not strike me as very German. Is there a story about how you got your name?” 
Tina grins with mischief, “There sure is. 
My actual birth name is Tibeldie. How’s that for a very strong German name.” 
Jacqueline grins back giving Tina the look to continue with the story. Jacqueline requests, “Tibeldie sure is one strong German name to change. Please, do tell how the change occurred. How did your parents allow it?” 
Tina continues. “Well, leave it to my ‘boldness’ which by the way is what my name means. 
I changed my name when I was young.” 
I was in elementary in fact. Teachers and fellow students were constantly slaughtering my name. After they would slaughter my name, there was much laughing and teasing at my expense. 
Well one evening after having had enough of my name being slaughtered at school and teased about it bad for some time, I let my parents know my mind. I, a little elementary girl, making a case for changing my name. 
At supper, I boldly stood my ground and made my case. I stated that I had the right to change my name. My name stood for ‘boldness’ and should be supported in the way I wanted to live my life. I said I was invoking the right of my name which stood for ‘boldness’ to change my name. 
How’s that for an elementary kid making her case? It sounds quite pathetic as far as making my case.”
Jacqueline grins and nods her head in approval of the story so far. Tina continues, “Anyway, my parents are great in allowing such a young kid to present her case. Both questioned me about what had brought me to this decision about changing my name. I explained to them what had happening at school regarding my name. They were so good to me. They agreed that I would change my name. Mother had a tougher time than Father in supporting me. They lawyered up to legally include my new name with my German name. They did stuff behind the scenes so when I went back to school everyone in school would now call me by my selected name.” 
Jacqueline questions, “Why the selected name Tina?” 
Tina responds, “I really don’t know. I think there must have been some show I liked that had the name. The name just flows to embrace who I am…”
“…Tina!” saying her name laughingly. 
Jacqueline joining in laughing with Tina. “You’re too much.” 
They switch to talks about their aspirations in life. 
Tina requests. “So, Jacqueline, what’s your drive in earning top grades at this school? 
Jacqueline responds, “Ivy league school of medicine. How about you?” 
Tina expresses, “Ivy league law school. I guess we both have our work cut out for us. But I’m sure we will arise to be victorious.” 
Without paying much notice, other freshman class peers had walked up to Jacqueline and Tina’s lunch table. They stood there in silence. Jacqueline and Tina stop their private conversations and face the others who have built up the courage to step up to them. 
One of the Freshman peers in the group stating, “Hello, Jacqueline and Tina. I hope it’s not too forward of us. We are impressed with how much talk about the both of you on the first day of school is going around. We figured you guys are not like the rest.” 
Another peer looking at Tina then stating. “Tina, putting upperclassman in their places with your sharp wit. Word has gotten around not to mess with you.” 
Still another peer facing Jacqueline, “Stories of you Jacqueline taking on upper classman who think they are God’s gift to women so that they can have their ways with girls. Spectacular!” 
Another peer faces Tina and expresses, “Tina, you so put those mean girls in their place. So nice!” 
Another peer faces Jacqueline and joins the conversations. “Your name is now pretty well-known Jacqueline in taking on the top Queen Bee and her entourage. Stunning!” 
One of them requests while looking at Tina and Jacqueline. “Please allow us to join the both you. You are not like the others.” 
Jacqueline stares at Tina, “So, you’ve made quite a name for yourself on this first day.” 
Tina returns, “As have you Jacqueline.”  
Jacqueline and Tina face the group of persons standing before them. 
Jacqueline first, “I’m impressed you guys know our names and what we’ve been up to this first day. 
If you guys don’t mind being with the trouble makers of the school, sure you guys can join us.” 
Tina supports, “The more the merrier.” 
All those standing finding seating around Jacqueline and Tina. Each of the new persons introducing themselves. All speaking lively, excitedly, enjoying each other’s company. 
****
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment
Jacqueline smiles to herself feeling content in these memories with Tina and their other new-found friends during that time in her life. There is a satisfaction from this time of earning top marks in her college prep courses. She reflects upon her other core class requirements experiences. Even from the toughest instructor, I still did well. 
She figures her success at that time was a combination of several things. One was her fame from a powerful stepfather. There is a clue about him during this time linked to her nightmares. The other puzzle piece to her nightmare was the manner she drove herself hard to any task. 
As she searches more of her memories from this period it dawns on Jacqueline. Tina! She has been in my life since that time in prep school! 
Jacqueline goes about focusing on enjoying more memories of she and Tina’s times together. Their many adventures are quite comforting. Their many new faithful friends enjoyable. After these pleasant memories, Jacqueline is having trouble remembering what personally followed during the next years of her life during this time. She does remember when she and Tina ended up being successful in finishing their prep school. She remembers going to Ivy League colleges. She remembers some of their friends staying in contact throughout the years. She remembers other’s falling away from the friend group not to be ever heard from again. She remembers Tina and her making new friends in their own circle of people along the way.
For many years, Tina and Jacqueline had made it a point to stay in contact with each other. Jacqueline remembers more time spent at Tina’s family’s home during those times in her life than at Jacqueline’s home. 
“What was the reason for this?” questions Jacqueline out loud. 
Jacqueline pauses in her memories. She is thinking about Tina and her times with her possibly inspiring to remember something she has forgotten that can help her with her nightmare. She knows there is a major part of her life she can’t remember.
Tina’s parents Karl and Adala, her siblings Irmalinda and Valentin, and their home seemed really interesting. From the decoration of a family crest at the entrance of their mansion, to the proud stories from her parents’ heritage. The House of German royalty from a family dynasty of Bavaria Germany. Tina and her family have an amazing long famous history stemming from German royalty. These stories filled with family tradition made Tina’s place more interesting than mine. Was that the reason I don’t remember much from my own home?
When time was spent at my place, the experience was business. No stories of romance royalty. When there were stories at my home when Tina visited, they were mostly about ‘business royalty,’ business ventures, business conquests, or proud family fortunes gained. Tina was attentive to Mother and Richard during those visits. She was endearing to them. Richard instantly knew who Tina was and much about her family. Richard greatly approved of the friendship upon first introduction of her at my home. 
We would spend most of our times in our studies. When we would take breaks, it would be to talk about the instructors, the group of people that we would hang out with. We would have talks about the boys that caught our interest. We would dare or not to dare each other in ventures during this time. 
I think this was our way of enjoying ourselves. We grew closer to each other by being there for each other during difficult times in my teenage years… there it is again. Something about the difficult times where Tina is involved that I can’t remember. 
Jacqueline gets an uneasy feeling, Something, linked to my nightmares where Tina had been a part of my hard times. I can’t remember what those hard times were. Anyway, I think I’m getting myself worked up for nothing. I’m just grasping at anything I can now. 
Tina was there during the hard times as well as times of celebrations. Our love for each other grew during college prep school from the freshman year all the way to our senior year. 
By our senior year, Tina was going forward with undergraduate aspirations that would prepare her for her long-term goal of a J.D. from Harvard Law. I was taking undergraduate courses leading to aspiring to Massachusetts General Hospital medical through Harvard school of medicine. 
Jacqueline concludes, There are no major foul feelings during this period of my life. However, I must be honest with myself. There ae major times in my life that I can’t remember. There is something locked away in my memories during this time that I sense drives my nightmares. 
Jacqueline’s body stiffens as there is an uneasiness in Jacqueline is forgetting something major. Something that she has missed while going through those memories where Tina come into and was involved with her life during the difficult times.

Chapter 8: All About Charles  
The Past Yale University 
Jacqueline is almost settled into her lavish apartment. She contacts Tina. They talk about what it is like to be settled into their new residences for attending their university classes. They catch up with what is going on in their lives. They talk about setting up times and places for meeting up. They talk about meeting up in Jacqueline’s lavish apartment near Yale and at Tina’s lavish apartment near Columbia.
They talk about how Jacqueline and Tina’s families have set them up with their own luxurious residences, their own staff, and their own vehicles. They share about how Jacqueline and Tina still have access to their families’ private limos and jet transportation whenever they need it. 
Both are talking on their most up-to-date technology phones. They are talking about how Jacqueline and Tina’s life plans are on track because of all the hard work and success during their prep school years. Both excitedly sharing memories about being at Tina’s home when each landed their Ivy colleges of their life plans. It ended up being Columbia for Tina and Yale for Jacqueline. 
Both talk of being proud of themselves in being able to keep their commitment to each other in staying in touch through social media, phone calls, and other means at their disposal. Both agree that it is time for a special lunch meeting at a specific time and place before they meet up at each other’s apartments. 
Tina offers, “Let’s meet in New York city at one of our favorite hang outs.”  
Jacqueline, “You bet. That’s a great idea. It better be Daniel Boulud’s restaurant.” 
Tina, “You bet that’s the place I am thinking about. You set the reservation and each of us will set up the private jets and limos.” 
Jacqueline enthusiastically voices, “Deal.” 
They, coordinating with each other for their limos and private jets times for transporting them to New York City. They exit their private jests and saunter toward their waiting limos. Their limos transport them to Daniel Boulud’s elegant French flagship in New York city eating. 
Jacqueline’s taste buds relishing the spectacular deep fried soft-shell crab with the rainbow trout cooked to perfection.  Tina savoring her Long Island Fluke and Quail and Foie Gras Galantine. While enjoying the meal, Tina’s stories suggesting she is doing well in her studies. She tells how she is enjoying her new group of friends. Tina shares fascinating stories of a current love interest. 
Some of their conversations are about some of their professors, reminding them of Mz. Blackwell. They talk about comparison of their studies and how there is a satisfaction from this time of earning top marks in their college courses. 
Jacqueline and Tina agreeing they are preferring talking to each other than to message each other over text. Both laughing talking about how their text messages are probably more involved than most people. 
Their mood becomes a little somber during lunch when they talk about only on special situations would they text longer messages. They talk about those times in their live when these text messages occurring during difficult times in their lives where they did not want others to hear their conversations. Jacqueline talking to Tina about a difficult in life text messaging happening during Tina’s Sophomore year in college. 
Jacqueline recalls in her talk with Tina that it was a time during a small break in the summer from their hectic class schedules. Tina says she was enjoying herself at Jacqueline’s place. Jacqueline describes their enjoyable conversations interrupted by Tina getting a text message from her Father Karl. Jacqueline says she had noticed Tina’s demeanor change drastically as she watched Tina scan her message from her Father. Jacqueline tells that she had not ever seen her friend Tina in this manner. 
Tina braves talking about that time as she connects with Jacqueline’s eyes, “Father had sent a security detail to pick me up at your place. He had informed me I needed to be outside immediately as the security team would be arriving soon.” 
Jacqueline in a serious tone, “I didn’t know what happened at the time after I saw you read your Father’s message. You quickly got up and went about picking up your things.” 
Tina with a little pain in her face remembering. “I remember looking around, gathering, and throwing all my scattered items in your room into my designer purse. At the time of the message, I didn’t know what had happened. The message about a security team was so unlike him.” 
Tina looks worried at Jacqueline, “At that time I asked you to walk with me because I was scared. You being a wonderful friend joined me as we ran out your mansion’s entrance without asking me for details. 
When you opened the front door of the mansion, and both of us stepped outside. We were caught by surprise by a military type security force exiting black Cadillac Escalades that had just finished screeching to a halt in front of us.”
Jacqueline recalls, “One of the combat military persons approached us. He stopped in front of us. He looked at you and verified who you were. You immediately went with him and you were escorted inside the Escalades. As soon as the door closed the Escalades burned rubber quickly driving away from my home.  
Tina with some difficulty saying to Jacqueline. “I remember when we reached out our hands to briefly touch as I hurried inside one of the Escalades. 
The Escalades speeding away with me was quite an experience. I know you went back to your room pretty quick. I had already begun messaging you and I know you began messaging me.”
Jacqueline facing Tina, “I got your message first before sending my message. I did scan your messages about how you were being taken to your home. I remember reading another message about your family being transported to your home because of some type of danger to your family. 
I messaged you back with encouragement, support, and how I was there for you. I waited anxiously for your response. I waited for some time before you sent me the next long message. I quickly read this message. 
I understood from the long message there had been a family meeting. I understood you were under directives at the time to keep what was happening a secret. You explained that you and you family would be leaving shortly for an unknown amount of time to an unknown place.
That’s what I remember.”
Tina voicing to Jacqueline, “It was so hard for me requesting from you to keep my family situation confidential. You messaged me back that you would keep your word to me as a friend not to say anything to anyone else about what was going on with my family.”
Jacqueline interjecting, “I sent that message knowing it would be my last message of support and well wishes to you. I just did not know it was going to be for such a long time. 
Months went by without me knowing anything about you my dear friend. In the beginning of your absence, I would check for possible messages from you every two hours. As the days turned to weeks, I would check for possible communication from you at the end of the day. 
As the weeks turned to months, I continued to monitor for your message by the end of the day. I tried to live on without you in my life.
I continued to do well in my studies. I stayed up with my circle of friends at my university. I engaged in rigorous exercise routines to hold off the strong emotions of dread about your absence. I used most of my energy on my studies. 
After several months, every now and then your friends we hung around from your university contacting me to find out if I knew anything about you. I stayed true to my promise to you. I told your friends that I was as much in the dark about where you were as the rest of them. Each of us promised the other to immediately notify the other if we heard anything from you. After several more months, your friends stopped contacting me. 
I remember the time and day I had finished my day’s activities and routines when I hopefully checked for any message from you. My heart pounding hard in my chest in seeing my getting a message from you. Finally, after all that time, I had something from you. I quickly read your message. I cried and breathed huge sighs of relief in reading that you and everyone in your family was safe.”
Tina eyes and mouth crinkles as she smiles, “It was so good to be back and to contact you. 
I remember that after I got back we agreed to meet at New York city at one of our favorite hang outs, right here at Daniel Boulud’s. It was the first time in so many months that I would be seeing you. I didn’t know what kind of shape our friendship was going to be at the time. I was waiting for you when I saw you get out of your limo.
My fears were put to rest as we rushed at each other screaming in joy. We hugged each other so tight we almost took the breath out of each other. We jumped up and down after releasing each other. We loudly talked about we missed each other while outside the restaurant. We must have looked so foolish. Others from our social circles of snobs would have said that our behavior was very unbecoming of us. We didn’t care. 
We went inside and were seated at our favorite spot at Daniel Boulud's. Both us found it hard to bring our loud joyful talks to an indoor voice level and where we could understand each other. 
We ordered our drinks and food. You brought up that I looked great and different. You had said there was a special something different about me. You had said that I must have had some special experiences wherever I was that forever would change my life.
You really know me. You were so on target. I was scared you knew something more about what happened to us.” 
Jacqueline interjects. “I had told you to relax the worry on your face. I told you not to worry that I didn’t know anything about where you were or what had happened. I know you couldn’t tell me what happened back then. I may never find out what happened. All I cared about is that you were back safely and that your family was back safely.” 
Tina placing one hand on her chest. “Oh, Jacqueline, that is why I so love you so much. You understand me so well. You know I’m just dying to tell you some of things that happened to me when I disappeared during that time. I’m hoping maybe one day I can tell you. 
Let’s just say that you are correct that I had some amazing experiences that have changed me for life. This change is just the beginning for how I will now see life. 
I can tell you now that I did meet someone special during that experience. I had such a magical time with him. He left me with a whole new appreciation of what it is like to be intimate with a person.”
Jacqueline voices during Tina’s pause, “I’m guessing you never saw him again since that time.”
Tina eyes Jacqueline, “Yes, I never saw him again nor do I think I will ever see him again. I fear our paths will never cross again. But, I’m glad for my time with him. 
By the way, I had contacted my friends when I got back. Oh, there was much screaming of joy from those who I had contacted. We made plans to get together. I told them that I was involved in a private family matter that I could not speak of. But, I told them I hoped they could still be friends. Of course, they still wanted to be friends. Of course, they tried their best to get something out of me about where I had been all that time. They tried…and tried…and tried. Good news, we are still friends. 
They asked about you. Hey, hope you are free to meet up with them at some time?” 
Jacqueline with some concern on her face, “Your friends were so worried about you. They kept in contact with me for several months asking about you. 
Yes, I am up for meeting with them. As a matter of fact, my group of friends were also wanting to get together whenever you returned. They were just as concerned about you. They have been so supportive of me while you were gone.” 
Tina playfully replies. “Hey, I know I’m hard to replace in your life. But, I’m glad there were other friends there for you. 
I think that would be great if we can coordinate some get together times with your friends and my friends.” 
Jacqueline with her head tilted to the side a little and her eyes narrowed. “You don’t have to explain, but, how did you ever go about to make up for your lost time in your classes. I mean you were gone all that time?” 
Tina with a mischievous smile, “Jacqueline, I can tell you that I got all up to date with my course work. My department accepted my courses that I took while I was gone. I can’t give you the details, but I can say, the university classes had been taken care of. I didn’t fall behind at all in my degree plan. Is that amazing or what!” 
Jacqueline, “That’s so or what amazing! Good for you! Alright, I will catch you up with what’s been happening in my life.” 
Tina joyfully responds, “Alright Jacqueline. Take it away!” 
Jacqueline goes on to tell of her adventures with professors, some love interests, her family, her friends, and other matters that she and Tina share. Tina listening attentively and asking for more at times. Jacqueline and Tina enjoy each other’s company. They enjoy their meal. 
Jacqueline savoring her Maine Lobster Salad, Champagne Mango, Chayote-Lime Panna Cotta Aleppo Pepper, Purslane, and Anise Seed Tuile. Tina enjoying her Browne’s Point Maine Oysters, Lemongrass-Shallot Velouté, Monterey Seaweed, and Daikon Salad-Salicornia. As they are winding down their conversations with their meals, they agree to times to be with each other’s circle of friends at their respective universities’ locations. 
Life went on with their studies, and their friends. Tina’s family adventure of missing for months was never spoken of again. Jacqueline and Tina’s love interests came and went for the both during their university undergraduate studies but nothing serious. Before they knew it, Jacqueline and Tina were graduating by their third year of the undergraduate courses. 
****
They applied to graduate studies in their respective fields. Jacqueline and Tina each share with each other their great news. They arrange to meet at one of their private meeting places in New York at one of their favorite hangs outs being Daniel Boulud’s. 
After being seated, Tina voices “So you want to start first with what’s up with you.” 
Jacqueline, “This time together reminds me of our talks when we were finished with high school. Let’s order first.” 
Jacqueline waives for the wait staff. They attended to Jacqueline and Tina promptly. Both order their beverages and food.  
As soon as the wait staff leaves Tina can hold it no longer. “I have been notified that I have been accepted to Harvard Law!” Tina’s face rejoicing grinning from ear to ear. 
Jacqueline joining her friend in smiling ear to ear. “That is such great news.” 
Jacqueline let’s out a cute squeal for her friend then she connects with Tina’s eyes. “I got into Harvard medical school!” 
More joyful squeals from the both. 
“Wow! Both of us at Harvard. Watch out world.” Tina expresses.
****
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment
Jacqueline reflecting about a time with Tina which seems so long ago. Those times when we spent the rest of the night reminiscing about the past, about our future, about our experiences, and about our commitment of love and care for each other to continue. 
I have very limited foul feelings during that time in my life. Even with Tina’s disappearance from my life, I don’t get the sense of missing puzzle pieces for the nightmares. So, what was going on?
I sense it is because during that time in my life I also had limited visits to my home and feeling good about myself. 
Jacqueline softly voicing to herself, “Definitely something about home that sets my senses to disgust. Definitely something at home having to do with my nightmares.” 
****
The Parish Café, Boston
Tina is finishing her last semester at Harvard Law. Jacqueline is finishing off her medical practicum rotations through Harvard Massachusetts General Hospital. They talked and agree to meet at one of their favorite hangout places in Boston for lunch. The place being the Parish Café to meet up.
Their limos dropped them off. Both enjoying being outside with their white sangria- deliciously sweet, fruity and super refreshing drink on a hot day. Jacqueline and Tina savoring their Zuni Rolls. Each of their rolls consists of turkey, cranberry sauce, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, cheese. The rolls are wrapped in warm flour tortillas sitting on top of a blend of cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream. Their meal has scallions for dipping and served with a side of potato salad and coleslaw. 
It is during this lunch when Jacqueline and Tina are discussing their experiences in each of their professions when Tina brings up a conversation about the men currently in their lives. This is when a guy named Charles in Jacqueline’s life became the topic of conversation. 
It is Jacqueline’s skirting the subject of men in their lives that Tina decides to pry more than she usually did. “I notice that when I talk about the men in my life you question me about them. We go into details about them. Details about their families. You offer insights about them. Whether they are the right kind of guy for me or not. I agree or disagree with you. I try to get something about your latest squeeze and I get the run around.
You keep avoiding mentioning any of the guys that usually flock around you. This leads me to believe there is one special guy in your life. 
All right Jacqueline. I’ve caught you in your scheme. I know you better than anyone. Give up the story about the one special guy in your life.” 
Tina notices it is at this point when Jacqueline reluctantly decides to reveal to Tina that she has become serious with a young man. 
“I met a guy,” starts Jacqueline then she says no more. 
Tina smiling back, “You are always meeting guys. That’s because all sorts of guys are always trying to meet you.” 
“You are only making it worse for yourself in not telling me more.” offers Tina. 
Jacqueline with some reluctance states, “This guy is different than any other. I am different around this guy. I have started a relationship with this one that is different from any of the others in my life. We have a special connection” 
Tina counters, “Different than any other guys throughout the years? Uh huh. Let’s start by you coughing up his name.”
Jacqueline reports. “His name is Charles.” 
She goes on to describe him in more detail. “He is very toned of build and strong. He stands at about six feet four. He has baby face features that are adorable to me. Those adoring blue eyes are just mesmerizing.” 
Jacqueline is slightly surprised Tina is not interrupting her. Jacqueline continues, “He makes me feel special, loved, important, cared for, and sexually fulfilled. He makes the effort every day to make me feel this way. It’s not about sex.” 
Now Tina’s face shows interest when sex is mentioned. 
Tina queries Jacqueline, “Sexually fulfilling huh? Not about sex? I’ll ask more about this later. This sexually fulfilling guy in your life. Charles, right? What about his family? How did you two meet?” 
Jacqueline describes “At our first meeting…Well let me start again. I promise its important.
Charles felt fortunate to be in a well-respected medical program. He had stayed true to his and his family’s desire for him to be a medical doctor in attending such an Ivy League university. At our first times together, he told me that his goal for his studies is the only thing on his mind. He has friends, some are women. But, I believed him when he said he had never dated any of them. 
He tells me there were times in his classes where he felt himself highly distracted by a stunning woman he could not get out of his mind. That would be me.” 
Tina with a naughty grin, “Of course.”
Jacqueline continues, “At first, he tried ignoring me. He finds out he can’t. He requests from his peers my name. They give him my name and also do warn him to stay away from me. They said I shot guys down like a shotgun blast into flying ducks. They recount for Charles the many victims those among his own, who have tried to even small talk with me. They tell him of stories that they only end up regretting the encounter with me…extremely. He doesn’t seem swayed by their warnings. Well, his peers decide that if Charles is willing then it was Charles turn to experience their solidarity in the crash and burn that many had experienced with me. They planned, and made it happen that Charles ended up being paired up with me as a partner on some labs. The time of the lab came. He sits next to me. His peers sat back to watch Charles suffer the same fate as many of them had.”
Tina with interest, “To their surprise, Charles survives.”
Jacqueline with a slight smile, “Yes, to their disbelief Charles survives. I even seem to hit it off with him when paired to work on the lab assignment. Our lab ends, and we continue our talk outside the lab. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw this group talking and staring at us nearby. I was no fool. I knew they were talking about us. Charles sees me every now and then glancing at the group. He informs me that the group gawking at us is his friends. His group look so foolish pretending they are talking about something else when they are ratted out by Charles. 
When Charles leaves my side after the lab to head to the library, I see his peers storm him. I left to go back to my apartment. I don’t know to believe Charles, but, I have no reason to doubt his story. 
He told me they said stuff to him like, 
‘Teach me oh master your ways!’ 
‘Oh, great Charles, reveal your secrets to us mere mortals.’ 
‘Charles! We so underestimated your powers over women. Especially when it comes to a knock out like Jacqueline.’ 
‘Tell us the truth. What did you do bring Jacqueline under your spell?’ 
Tina facing Jacqueline with curiosity on her face. “Was Charles puzzled by his peers’ reactions?”
Jacqueline responds, “He thought they were joking with him. He thought he did not do anything special. He told me he said to them that we just worked on our lab. Of course, they did not believe Charles. They teased him to be honest with them. Charles said to them that he was being honest. He told them we only worked hard on our lab and hit it off. He told them he was proud we had done so well on our lab assignment. They could not believe Charles’ luck. 
One of them dared to tell him that I was the classic kind of woman who would use Charles to do my work for me while I head out to have fun with other guys.”
Tina, “The guy who said such nonsense definitely did not know you at all as you do your own great work.”
Jacqueline nodding in agreement, “So true my friend. Anyway, Charles invited me to meet up with him and his group. I later found out when I was with them during one of our study times that it was several who thought I would be using Charles to do my school work. He defended me. He set them straight saying I was one smart person. He said that he believed I could hold my own to any of them when it came to our studies.
I have studies in the group of his friends. I can say there are very few in that group who have been able to keep up with me. Charles is the exception to this. I can see in his peer’s their disbelief I am able to hold my own. 
One of them saying to Charles that Charles is one of the smartest guys he knows on this campus. He said what was on the other’s minds that Charles finally admits having finally run up against someone who has smarts close to his. They thought I was amazing to be able to be right up there in smarts with Charles. Some of them thought they would never hear of the day. They asked Charles if they could continue to join us in our studies.”
Tina interjects, “I’m guessing Charles saw no problem in having them around you guys.”
Jacqueline nodding in affirmation. “He said to them that I struck him as the type of person who wouldn’t mind. But, he did warn the guys not cross the line with me or they would pay dearly. 
Charles sure understands me well since our first meeting. He told me about several of the guys excited about meeting up with us for studies again, especially since they could use the help. I had seen them before and had nothing to do with them before. But, with Charles around, they were different around and with me. They were more pleasant and fun to be around. They were more helpful. They got to know me and felt more comfortable around me. We got serious with our studies. His peers continued to study with us to pass the required course work assignments…” 
Jacqueline’s face glowing with joy describing Charles as “… Oh Tina. He’s brilliant. He is so good in getting the class stuff down quickly. I and the rest of the gang will be pulling an all-nighter with Charles. We are no dummies, but he leaves us behind.” 
Jacqueline with excitement in her voice shares with Tina, “I have come to enjoy my time with Charles that started with studies and has evolved into intimate times together.” 
Tina interrupts, “Intimate times huh? First there was sexual fulfillment. Now intimate. You’re just begging me to say something sexual about you guys. 
Alright, show me photos of this brilliant sexually fulfilling Charles…if you have any.” 
Jacqueline promptly reaches into her purse and brings out her latest in technology phone. She searches her electronic photo albums stored within her phone. She grins a little as she settles on a photo she likes. She shows off the photo to Tina of Charles and Jacqueline on a Boston day out at the Boston Public Gardens. Tina is taken aback by Charles’ striking fit features offset by his boyish clean look. She can tell he is tall when standing next to Jacqueline. Jacqueline’s head reaching him at his ribs.
Tina looking at Jacqueline while handing back her electronic photo, inquires. “Well you told me how you guys met. How you gotten along. 
You keep avoiding telling me about his family. Now the family. Tell me about his family. You seem to purposely be skipping this part. Is there something terribly embarrassing about his family?” 
Jacqueline skirts the subject. “It is a great time we both are having don’t you think? Talking about how special Charles is for me. How about you? Tell me about the latest man in your life?” 
Tina brings it back as a subject to discuss “Stop it Jacqueline. Answer me. Tell me about his family. What is your reason for dodging the subject of Charles’ family?” 
“First,” hesitates Jacqueline, “he does not belong to our kind of social circles. I don’t know how you would react to him not being one of our own.” 
She is not sure how to read Tina’s silence and piercing stare. 
Jacqueline continues cautiously, “His family is from Savannah, Georgia. He is the youngest of four brothers.” 
She pauses for Tina to say something. Tina just stares at her with a blank look. Jacqueline continues, “His family is in the shipping industry.” 
Tina finally speaks up, “Shipping, huh? How did he end up at Harvard?” 
Jacqueline explains, “He earned a scholarship to Harvard and received support from his family to offset costs of sharing an apartment with 3 other students.” 
Jacqueline sidetracks the conversation again, “It is not just his brilliance and the interesting conversations he has with me. It is the manner that he touches me. The way I react when he kisses me. He leaves me feeling refreshed and excited all at once. He wants my flaws. He accepts my mistakes. He tolerates my imperfections. He respects my secrets” 
Tina looking at Jacqueline. “Yes, you feel refreshed…excited…I get it. 
You are off the subject of his family again.” 
So, how is the sex so fulfilling with this Charles?” Tina throwing in an unexpected question at Jacqueline. 
Cool as ever, Jacqueline clarifies, “We don’t have sex. It’s because of his being a Christian and deep family standards to not violate having sex before marriage. I don’t have sex with him for a totally different reason. I feel I can’t share that part of intimacy with him. I’m not sure why. He leaves me sexually fulfilled as a woman without the sex. I don’t know if you can understand that.
You know my not having sex with Charles might be something linked to my nightmares.” 
Tina has a look about her as she ponders, you are joking with me my friend about no sex, right? A woman like you not having sex with a stud? Maybe he is the one with the sexual hang-up because of his religion? Still, I have not ever seen Jacqueline light up like this with any other guy. 
Tina with a crooked grin just stares at Jacqueline. Without warning in the middle of Jacqueline trying to read Tina, she is unexpectedly hugged by Tina. 
Tina exclaims in Jaqueline’s ear. “I’m so happy for you! He sounds like a great guy.” 
Releasing Jacqueline from the embrace. Tina’s face is inches from Jacqueline’s face. While staring at Jacqueline, Tina remarks. “Now there’s a surprise look if ever I saw one from you. I bet you were not expecting me to be supportive of your choice in this guy.” 
Jacqueline coming out of her bewilderment. “I thought I would have gotten more resistance from you and some ‘why nots’ for being with Charles because of his family. I thought you would have given me more grief about not having sex with him.”
Tina continues to be supportive of Jacqueline, “I am glad that you have found such a love. I hope the same happens for me some day.
I conclude that never mind his family if you are content with loving him. You must have your reasons for wanting to be in relationship with him knowing the full details about his family. I will respect that Jacqueline.” 
Tina then summarizes, “Well friend, you must have no worries. You are at the top of the world with all that is going well with you.” 
Upon delivering this statement, Tina notices a slight disturbed expression on Jacqueline’s face. Tina recognizes that look from the past, “I can only guess there is something more sinister about not having sex. 
You did say you did not have sex with Charles because of something going on that may be tied to your nightmares. 
Do you know what that something is about?”
“With what about sex and nightmares?” Jacqueline defensively states. 
Tina presses further. “That look on your face. Your unlikely defensiveness with me. There is something else going on that has come about because of Charles or his family or about sex that is bothering you.” 
Tina pushes Jacqueline, “Confess what’s bothering you.” 
Jacqueline breaths out hard and confesses, “You are right. There is something just now saying about my issues with sex that has me feeling all sick inside. It’s more than just all about Charles. I am having recurring nightmares. These nightmares have been bothering me to no end. I don’t understand the reasons such nightmares are happening while in a wonderful relationship, with my course work at Harvard coming to an end successfully, and an enjoyable life which includes such friends as you.
I know my issues in having sex with Charles is somehow tied to my nightmares.
These nightmares are taking me to the cleaners as I am slowly eroding into misery. An unhappiness and dread which is overwhelming for me is starting to creep into my life. I’m finding it harder and harder to come out of this miserable dread. I don’t think it will end well if I keep going like this.” 
Tina takes her friend’s hand, “From what I’ve heard from you, these nightmares have really shaken you up. It’s so unlike you to be so on edge, and just making it by.
You know I’m right.” 
Jacqueline has no response, to which Tina gently smiles. Squeezing her friend’s hand another time, Tina releases Jacqueline hand and begins to explain. “Okay, from what I’ve read about the website, the Dream Oracle interprets the symbols in your dream. 
All of our experiences, including love, hardships, and whatever else are translated by our brain and represented as images…symbols in our dreams.” 
Jacqueline slowly nods, “Well, I suppose it couldn’t hurt. However, I don’t want my name to be floating around on some dream website. If anyone in my medical field I knew found out about these nightmares, I’d feel kind of exposed. I’ve only talked to you about my nightmares and how they bother me.” 
Tina rolls her eyes and grins, “Jacqueline, it’s alright…the website is anonymous! 
I know of some close to me who’ve communicated with the Dream Oracle because they want to know what their unconscious is telling them. I think you owe it to yourself to try it out, too.” 
Tina glances at her time piece. “Well, I gotta get going.”  
Jacqueline responds, “The same for me. I won’t promise anything…but I’ll think about it.” 
****
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment. 
She is coming back to the present from that fateful lunch with her friend Tina regarding those nightmares that are slowly taking her to a place that will not end well. 
Jacqueline narrows her eyes…Well, many memories bring me to how my trips down memory lane give me clues that my nightmares are linked to home, to Mother, to Richard, and to sex. I can’t believe I have major times in my life I can’t remember. 
Jacqueline does remember how Tina and her lunch conversations at the Boston eatery had started all about Charles and had moved to Jacqueline addressing no sex and her nightmares. She is realizing how something about not having sex with Charles is driving her nightmares as well as some of the clues she has gathered through some difficult memories with her Mother and Richard. Jacqueline decides she has spent enough time on these tasks of memories. She goes about getting her life back to normal before the whole ordeal of that lunch with Tina and submitting her nightmare to the Dream Oracle to get help in figuring out her life debilitating nightmare.

Chapter 9: Back to Life 
The Present, Boston Massachusetts
Jacqueline decides she invested enough time and energy with her memory lane experiences. She is upset with herself for having taken so much time and energy trying to figure out the meaning of her dream symbols in the nightmare. She decides to return to the routines of her ‘regular’ life. 
Jacqueline returns to her life with the almost inhuman drive for success, an uncanny focus to accomplish a goal, and a reputation of being ruthless for what she desires. Her medical rotations are now in Obstetrics. She enjoys the experience and challenge. Her circle of friends is in different rotations with different schedules. This schedule change leaving her with more time to herself and coveted little time with Charles. Her time with Charles is still growing in being fulfilling, enjoyable, and supportive when their schedules allowed. Charles’ rotation now is in psychiatry. When they spend time together, both share about their experiences regarding their assignments. 
They catch up with each other in between their breaks at their rotations. 
Jacqueline voicing to Charles over the phone. “I stayed with a pregnant couple till the delivery of their baby. They had come in with the wife having contractions in the morning. Around seven in the morning, if I remember correctly. She and her baby were determined to be a medical high risk since she was an older Mother. 
Throughout the day, the labor pains intensified. Still no baby. It wasn’t until six in the evening that we prepped the soon to be Mother for a C-section. There was some touch and go moments when we prepped the new Mother to be as the baby did not react well to all that was going on with the birth. 
We were fortunate and stabilized baby and Mother. We got the soon to be Father to prep for being with his wife and when their child would be delivered by C-section. Finally, I got to see the baby. She had a lot of hair for a new born. Dr. Roger’s lifted the baby and declared like when catching a fish. ‘This one is an 8 pounder.’ 
The baby was given to the Father to hold. He tenderly, lovingly held their baby. The new Father was guided by the nurse to carry their baby to where the weighing is one of the tasks. 
The nurse announced to the doctor, ‘You are right on target Dr. Rogers. Eight pounds.’ 
The nurse took the baby from the proud Father to another area for all the preliminary preparations and running of tests of a new born. I bid the new parents and good night. I, very much enjoyed having shared in that new parents’ experience. 
How about you Charles? Any stories?” 
Charles offers, “I do have a story. It has to do with one of the patient’s medical condition and the treatment team’s moral dilemma. Dr. Prat had to make a tough call regarding one of the patients in the forensic unit for the criminally insane. The moral dilemma was about treating a man diagnosed with schizophrenia. Where is the moral dilemma you may be thinking my sweet Jacqueline? Well, it turns out that when the man is in his schizophrenic experience he deals with the horrible hallucinations of demons attacking him. He goes through the torturous experience that the horrible mental illness takes on a human. He responds well to the medications prescribed to him. 
Now here is where the treatment team and I gave our input. It turns out that while the man is stable on his medications, he is a full blown dangerous sociopath targeting other weaker patients. Raping some of them without being caught. 
We only knowing the results of a rape of the other patients after medical examinations. There is not enough evidence in being able to conclude anything on this patient because of his intelligent manner of violating another patient’s safety. 
One of thoughts in the treatment team was to take him off his medications and leave him in his torturous hell with the hallucinations of his demons. That way the other patients and even the hospital staff would be safe. Dr. Prat made the tough call that this would not be moral. Even though he acknowledged that it was just as difficult to allow the sociopath side of this patient to violate other patients and endanger the hospital staff. We talked and talked about options. Dr. Prat had a brilliant idea pieced together from the various ideas all of us had tossed out to him. 
The lead doctor was going to intervene himself to appeal to the patient’s sociopath side as well as employ the help of one of the hospital administrator doctors. The plan was brilliant. Both doctors kept the sociopath side of the patient challenged and entertained. While the rest of us made sure to ‘accidently’ be wherever this patient was so as to not leave him alone with any other patient. Thus, ruining his chances to carry out any nefarious plans. 
Dr. Prat and the hospital administrator working behind the scenes to move this patient in a secure forensic unit more like a high security prison. The plan worked. We kept patients and hospital staff safe till we could move the sociopathic patient to a more secure forensic unit while keeping him on his medications. That’s my exciting story. 
On a very different subject area. How is your family?” 
Jacqueline angry with Charles that he brings up this very troubling subject. He knows how she feels about not talking of her family. Jacqueline tries to hide it as best she can her anger with him. 
“Family is fine.” She says nothing more. 
Charles prods, “So, your family is fine. Anything else?” 
Jacqueline responds, “No, Just fine.” 
Charles questions, “Tell me about your family’s exciting business dealings. 
I caught on the news about one of their major-medical endeavors with the jungles.” 
Jacqueline again but a little terse tone with Charles. “The medical business endeavors are going well.” 
Charles tries again. “Business about the jungle offering medical breaking cures goes well then? Anything else?” 
Charles feeling himself getting angrily hot from being upset as Jacqueline says nothing more. Charles knows this is a constant point of conflict between them. Charles recalls how he challenges her on this topic of her family, but, it always ends up in heated debates. So, he decides to avoid the hot topic of Jacqueline’s family.
Charles offers, “Alright, enough about your family. Well, my parents are overjoyed that the city of Savannah has finally pushed for deepening of its river. Finally, our family can use larger cargo ships. They are so excited. My brothers all talking to me about their roles in making this happen…” 
Jacqueline feeling relieved Charles changed the subject to talk about his family. She knows this is the one area of difficulty between Charles and her. When it came to talks about each other’s family happenings, well, mostly Charles’ family happenings are talked about. Jacqueline only reveals that her family is fine, business in fine, and with very little more details. 
****
The exhaustive busy schedule of the rotations, time with her circle of friends, and time with Charles, allows Jacqueline the opportunity to push aside the remnants of her still-recurring disturbing nightmares. Jacqueline pushes aside including those efforts to find the meaning of her nightmare by delving into her memories. In going through her memories, Jacqueline notices a change in that her nightmares no longer have as powerful an impact as they had in the past. She is no longer waking up breathing as hard and frightened. Jacqueline dismisses this experience due to her exhaustive rotation schedule and time spent with Charles. 
All life as usual for Jacqueline until one late evening. After a last assignment regarding a 12-hour labor and delivery from a complicated pregnancy, Jacqueline finishes her rotation. She trudges to the locker area. She opens her locker and is in the changing area slowly getting out of her scrubs into her T-Shirt and jeans. Jacqueline is just about done packing her personal items into her purse from her locker when she routinely checks her smart phone. She typically checks her message from her phone before tossing it inside her purse. 
Jacqueline routinely swipes through her various messages from friends…Charles…Mother?... Richard? Jacqueline comes across a message that has her go back through the experiences of memory lane and figuring out the meaning of her recurring nightmare. There it is. A message from the Dream Oracle. 
Jacqueline has a slight surge of energy as her heart rate and breathing quicken. Jacqueline focuses on calming her breathing to settle herself down. She closes her eyes for calming herself. 
The next moment, she catches herself taking a nose dive to the floor as she fell asleep sitting up. With that experience, she tosses her phone into her purse and leaves the hospital locker area. With a little more energy in her step, Jacqueline makes it to where her ATS is parked in the hospital garage. 
She enters her vehicle, starts it up, sets up her music loud to stay awake. Jacqueline drives to her large luxurious apartment. She parks her vehicle in the apartments’ garage. She enters her residence, tosses her purse on the sofa, begins getting out of her cloths. She showers and dries herself. She quickly goes through her night routines naked. She saunters naked to pick out from her dresser drawers a change into comfortable shorts and T-shirt. She slides into bed, falls asleep instantly then deals with the trouble of her nightmare stirring her to be almost awake. 
Upon waking the following day, Jacqueline goes through her regular routines. She makes a light meal, cleans up the kitchen area. When finished, Jacqueline decides to chance going back through her messages from friends with more time and attention to detail. The messages from her and Charles’ friends were mostly about how they were doing, 
‘Dr. Mean on my back all time.’ 
‘Rotation from hell. Think about me.’ 
‘Tell me why I chose this profession!’ 
‘Give me drugs!’ 
Others sent getting together messages, 
‘Time for major drinking. You game?’ 
‘Let’s get together and blow off steam.’ 
‘Anyone have a time when the gang can chill together?’ 
Jacqueline did notice that it is taking her longer than usual reflecting about these messages and those persons who wrote them. She muses. Yes, I am avoiding going to the dreaded message from the Dream Oracle. 
Next, she spends more time with messages from Charles. He briefly describes highlights of his rotation, 
‘It’s been really crazy in my psychiatric rotation. No pun.’ 
‘Amazing treatment teams.’ 
‘Scary and exciting knowing these patients can kill you. Will tell you about stuff when we get together.’ 
‘Treatment planning after evaluations…really tough getting the right combination medicines needed to help the forensic patients.’ 
‘So much to learn and not enough time.’ 
Charles ending with loving messages.
‘When it gets rough in this rotation, I take time to think of us together.’
‘How much you fill my life. How much I love you.’
‘You are my breath and my life.’
‘You are my first thought in the morning. You are my last thought before going to sleep.’
‘Few hours with you are worth the hundreds of hours I spend without you.’
‘Send my heart your loving vibes across the universe.’ 
Jacqueline spends more time reading and re-reading his loving messages and reflects how fortunate she is to have such a love in her life. She is doing this before dreading to read her messages from her Mother and Richard.
First her Mother’s messages. 
‘Jacqueline, I’ve been noticing your expenses. Call me so you can tell me what is going on, Mom.’ 
‘Richard is getting a fund raiser organized. Wanted to inform you to start getting ready to come home. Mom.’ 
“Richard’s messages, ugh!” utters Jacqueline out loud. 
‘Hey Jacqueline, told your Mother to make sure you attend a fund raiser we are putting together. They say that it will go over better if the whole family is present.’ 
Jacqueline says to herself, “Family? Really Richard? More like business venture.” 
More muttering from Jacqueline as she feels sick to her stomach. Continuing with the messages 
‘Miss you, hope to see you, Mom.’
‘Take time to call me’ 
‘Tell me how you’re doing, Mom.’ 
It is the regular messages from her home, until she reads the last part of Richard’s message. ‘Talked to your Mother. She has not heard from you. She says she has left you messages. Still nothing from you about attending the important fundraiser. Attend this fund raiser young lady, or I will be getting your housing and living expenses cut. Bye.’ 
It had been awhile since she had received this type of message from him. It was commanding and threatening at the same time. Jacqueline usually did not respond to her messages from home, but, knew she would have to respond by the next day to her stepfather’s message as well as her Mother about her attending the fund raiser. 
After taking a brief hiatus from the intense feelings regarding her stepfather, Jacqueline slowly steers herself back to the present and then stares hypnotically at the message indicator from the Dream Oracle. 
Instead of opening the message from the Dream Oracle, she tosses her phone in her purse and decides to go shopping for groceries. 
She come backs to the apartment after several hours of shopping. She puts away her groceries. Jacqueline does some laundry, goes over some of her medical reading assignments. She snacks on something here and there during her readings. She feels sleepy and goes to sleep. 
She suddenly wakes up on the couch getting her bearings. She knows where she is. Jacqueline stares at her phone on the coffee table, picks it up. She sees that it is three in the morning. 
She thinks, Quickly go through my night hygiene, go to bed, and sleep. 
Jacqueline does her night routines. She struggles with her nightmare in the early hours of the day. 
****
It is late in the day when Jacqueline wakes up. She does her routine of cleaning herself up, selects a comfortable wardrobe of T-shirt and jeans. Jacqueline makes breakfast, cleans up in the kitchen, picks up around the apartment. She changes into her workout outfit, goes through her rigorous exercise routine with the best equipment that money can buy. Jacqueline is feeling satisfied her body is taken to the max. She slowly makes her way to her master bath while drinking her refreshing water. She turns on the shower, undresses, checks the water, and enters the shower. She allows the water to cascade over her as she cleanses her body clean. When finished showering, Jaqueline turns off the water. She exits the shower, grabs some fluffy towels, dries herself as she saunters to her massive walk in designer closet naked. Jacqueline tosses the wet towels onto a nearby comfortable seat. 
She walks about her closet, looks through several outfits, and selects a blue Lanvin satin crepe dress. She slips into her comfortable dress. Jacqueline did all this before she turns her attention to her phone again. She dabbles with her social network accounts first. Jacqueline reviews whether there are any other new messages. 
To her surprise, Jacqueline discovers several more from her friends, from Tina as well as from Charles. She decides to slowly read through each of the messages and respond. Jacqueline takes her time in reading and responding to each of the messages while avoiding the Dream Oracle message. 
With a start, she recalls her stepfather’s message. She scans his message again, scans her Mother’s message. She does some follow up messaging to her Mother and stepfather along the lines of 
‘give me the days and time and I will get approval through my supervising doctor. Once I get the approval, I will see you at the fund raiser.’ 
Jacqueline feels satisfied she has at least earned some time getting Richard off her back before committing to go to the fundraiser. She feels less stressful going through her other messages. Her heart leaps joyfully when she discovers a message from her best friend Tina.
Jacqueline muses, I feel like a prospector who has just found a nugget of gold while doing tedious prospecting through Richard’s dirt.

Chapter 10: Message is Read 
The Present, Boston Massachusetts
Jacqueline is very attentive to the messages from her friend Tina. She slowly reads them.
‘Hi Jacqueline. Checking in. Missed you. Tons of good vibes your way.’
‘Mother and Father are doing well. All sorts of things planned as family. They are going to Germany.’
‘Family ancestry functions back home. Parents offered me to go. Declined, busy.’
‘Sis and bro checked in. Both doing well. I have missed time together with them. Till later.’ 
Jacqueline is in a wonderfully uplifted mood after reading Tina’s messages at this point. However, this experience doesn’t stay. Her body feels chills when she reads one more of Tina’s messages. 
‘Hey, you should have gotten a message from the Dream Oracle by now? You holding out on me? Have time to get together to tell me what your nightmare means?’ 
Jacqueline’s first thought is to tell an untruth to her best friend. Jacqueline has trouble here, then there, of what to do regarding her friend’s message about getting together to talk about the Dream Oracle message. Jacqueline is desiring to avoid the very likely topic of conversation being the Dream Oracle message. 
Finally, she dares to call her friend hoping the call goes straight to voicemail, but, instead Tina picks up, “Hi, great to hear from you Jacqueline. What’s going on?” 
Jacqueline thinking to herself, Darn, she picked up.
Tina voicing again. “Jacqueline? You there?” 
Jacqueline a little hesitant. “Yes, I’m here. Just spaced out a little as you were on my thoughts. Missed you. Went over your messages. You and the family seem to be doing well. 
You know, I really have been enjoying your messages.” 
Tina in a matter of fact manner voices. “That’s nice you enjoy my messages, Jacqueline. 
How’s Charles?” 
Jacqueline, Why is Tina asking about Charles? “Charles good. All is good.” Pause on Jacqueline’s end. 
Tina with assertiveness in her voice. “Jacqueline, what’s going on?” 
Jacqueline, Darn again. “What do you mean?” Ask me no questions, I’ll tell you no lies, Tina. 
Tina being direct, “Something is up. Something bothering you?” 
Jacqueline “No, no, no. Just thinking about what which things I wanted to talk with you about,” somewhat true. 
Tina, “Don’t give me that. I have known you for years. Something is not quite right in the way you’re talking to me. Is it Charles?” 
Silence from Jacqueline. 
Tina with more force in her voice. “I knew this relationship with Charles would turn into something bad.” 
Jacqueline interrupts, “No, not Charles.” 
Tina offers, “How about your rotation? 
Yeah, I bet that’s it. It’s getting to you, and you want out of the medical field.” 
Jacqueline clarifies, “No, I would have told you about that. The rotations are tough. But, that’s not it.” 
A pause and then Tina continues, “Jacqueline, so help me I will get it out of you one way or another. Tell me, what is going on that has you so bothered?” 
Jacqueline counters, “Really Tina, nothing is going on, I’m just tired and wanted to spend some time talking with my best friend. That’s all.” 
Tina is not buying it, “Come on, Jacqueline, you can talk to me. I am your bestest friend from forever.” 
Jacqueline, Darn you Tina. “Yes, you are my best friend.” 
Tina in her insisting voice, “Surely it could not be something as silly as the Dream Oracle message that is bothering you?” 
Jacqueline swallows hard, Does Tina know how to read my mind? 
Tina “It can’t be the Dream Oracle message that’s giving you trouble. No, not my fearless friend who can take on anything.” 
More silence from Jacqueline. 
Tina with more assertiveness in her voice. “You got the results from the Dream Oracle, didn’t you?” 
Jaqueline with a long pause and breaths out hard “Yes!” 
Tina keeps on, “So, what did the Dream Oracle say about your dream?” 
Jacqueline defensively answers, “I’m not sure.” 
Tina is not letting her friend off, “What do you mean you’re not sure? Is it hard to understand?” 
Jacqueline more defensively labors “I didn’t…read it!” 
Tina is somewhat taken aback. “This is so not like you, Jacqueline. I am worried that there is more to this resistance of reading the Dream Oracle message than your letting me know.” 
Jacqueline, less defensively, “I’ve been thinking long and hard about my life’s memories since I sent in my nightmare to the Dream Oracle.” 
Tina, requesting clarification, “Thinking about what type of life memories? What does memories have to do with the Dream Oracle?” 
Jacqueline, “You know, Tina, I have been trying to figure out my messed-up nightmare by going through my memories since childhood up to now.” 
Tina on target, “You found something in those memories and you’re fearful the Dream Oracle message will confirm something. Right?” 
Jacqueline expresses what she can. “I’m not sure, but it has been unpleasant going through some memories. A part of me dreads the Dream Oracle message may be a major let down. If it is a major let down, I am where I started with no help with my nightmares. On the other hand, the Dream Oracle message may have something I am not ready to take on as how it relates to my memories.” 
Decisiveness from Tina. “I’m coming over in two hours.” 
Tina had invited herself to Jacqueline’s place and ends the conversation.
Those two hours of waiting for her friend to arrive are hard for Jacqueline. She plays out scenarios in her mind to what she will say to her friend. Really, nothing is bothering me in reading the Dream Oracle message, Tina. 
I just exaggerated be defensive about the Dream Oracle. There’s nothing really that bothers me about what the Dream Oracle will say about my nightmare.
My memories? It’s really no big deal. There is really nothing unpleasant in my memories. I was more into a desire to go down memory lane.
I’m tired that’s all. Can we skip talking about the Dream Oracle message? 
Hey, tell me more about your parents’ trip to Germany. 
I want to relax and have some fun time with you. Let’s go shopping while we talk about your family. 
Somewhere in playing out many scenarios in her mind about what she will say to her friend, Jacqueline falls asleep. 
The doorbell rings. Jacqueline wakes with a start. Trying to get her bearings on what is happening. The doorbell rings again. It dawns on Jacqueline. Tina has arrived! 
Scrambling for her phone, Jacqueline picks it up. She’s about 15 minutes shy of two hours. 
Jacqueline struggles and gets up from her comfortable sofa. She staggers to her apartment door. She unlocks and sluggishly opens the door. 
Immediately upon opening the door, Tina charges inside “Jacqueline, cough it up.”
She takes notice of Jacqueline precariously standing there. “Hey, nice outfit by the way. Have you been sleeping? Never mind that. 
Cough up the Dream Oracle message.” 
Jacqueline, “Good to see you, too, Tina.” 
Jacqueline takes them into the living room. They look around on where to sit down. Jacqueline fumbling through her phone finds the message she has dreaded to read and opens it. With great hesitation, Jacqueline only stares at her phone. 
Tina, “Well, read it!” 
Nothing but silent staring at the phone from Jacqueline.
Tina anxiously demands. “Well, let’s sit down first. 
Couch Ok?” 
Jacqueline looks at the couch, “Sure.” 
They walk over to the couch. Tina settles next to Jacqueline on the couch. Jacqueline by this time has opened the Dream Oracle message and begins reading. “Dear 25-year-old young woman.” 
Jacqueline faces Tina. “Hey, I’m a dear young woman.” 
“Quit stalling and keep reading.” Tina commands.
Jacqueline obeys. “Your dream symbols are suggestive of major changes in your life. The symbols of water, the ocean in your dream, is your symbol of those major changes. 
No big deal just major life changes. Maybe the grueling rotations. 
The ocean is turbulent in your dream suggestive of major turmoil as you experience these changes. 
Huh, major turmoil. 
You are feeling ill equipped to handle these major life changes as symbolized by the rickety wooden raft. You do not feel in control of your navigation in life as you experience these major changes. Your raft has little steering capacity. Very little about the watercraft suggests you are navigating through your major life changes feeling safe. 
I am having trouble adjusting to my changes. So, what? Not safe about what? 
You feel fearful about the dangers awaiting you in the ocean, the major changes. 
Fear, unconscious fear? 
At first, your dream symbols of the turbulent ocean and ineffective water craft are suggesting that the major changes in your life are creating fear. 
Yes, maybe? 
However, there are other dream symbols. 
Scary other dream symbols? 
These symbols suggest that experiences since you were 13 years of age have left you feeling ill-equipped to handle your present major life changes. 
Thirteen? Come on, nothing happened at the 13-year-old-memories. 
“What’s going on?” Tina interrupts Jacqueline’s readings and thoughts. 
Jacqueline facing Tina. “What’s going on with what?” Jacqueline looking like she has no clue what Tina is asking about. 
Tina replies, “You keep pausing lost in thought quite often.” 
Jacqueline, “Really? I did not realize I was doing that.” 
Before Tina can respond, Jacqueline voices, “Continuing on…
…the dream symbols for 13 years of age leaving you ill-equipped to handle your life changes are the age of the teenager on the raft. 
A teenage girl in this dream symbolizes how your emotional capacity to relate to others, to figure out how to handle hardships has been compromised. You are drowning in fear. In the context of all of your other dream symbols, you were compromised at 13 years of age by being sexually violated by a powerful figure close to you… 
There it is. The thirteen-year-old memories are coming back to me. No!!! 
Tina notices Jacqueline suddenly stops reading, stops breathing with no emotions visible. After several seconds of observing her friend in a nonresponsive state staring out to nowhere, Tina gently takes the phone from Jacqueline’s hand, scans the message, and finds where Jacqueline left off with her reading. 
Tina continues to read out loud. “…being sexually violated by a powerful figure close to you As symbolized by the shark splashing the teenager with ocean water. In the nightmare, the teenager gasping for air as she is dragged underwater, and then the shark tearing into the girl’s lower torso is of sexual violations. The sexual violation symbols continue when the teenager somehow crawls to the beach alive. In context, the symbols of sexual violation appear as seaweeds clinging to the intimate areas of the girl’s body without success of removing them. She struggles to get away from the cold uncomfortable confining experience. This is suggestive of surviving the powerful figure’s sexual violations and feeling unclean afterward. 
By the symbol of very little sunlight in your dream, this suggests that you buried the impact the sexual violations had in your life deep into your unconscious. Because you have very little opportunities of resolving this area of your life or to make any sense of this experience, your life paths and life choices are crippled by this. Something has happened recently in your life to where your unconscious is bringing these issues to your conscious to address.” 
Tina pauses to gaze at her friend. She notices Jacqueline is now breathing hard, not listening, and deep in thought about something. 
Jacqueline wide eyed thinking. Yes, my major life changes. Yes, thirteen years of age. Yes, I am stuck...can’t make choices to change. 
Tina does not interrupt her friend’s fare away staring, thinking. 
She decides to continue reading. “Something has happened recently in your life to where your unconscious is bringing these issues to your conscious to address. This is suggestive that you are now ready to face your turmoil, as symbolized by the vivid color red in your dream. There is red blood in your nightmare. The red blood within the context of this dream can be anger, violence, death, or other life-threatening experiences. You are no longer keeping the major unsettled memories locked far away. This experience is not easy for you.” 
Tina pauses from reading looking at Jacqueline still far away in deep thought. 
Jacquelin’s jaw muscles move as she reflects. Yes, not easy. What do I do? 
Tina decides to continue reading as she is concerned about her friend’s present state. “Your symbols suggest you cannot do this alone. Your symbols suggest you can no longer bury the sexual assault memories. Your symbols suggest that there is a person or persons in your life that must be invited into your life to address the major turmoil. 
Lastly, your symbols suggest you are at a crossroads in making major decisions for your life, but, are hindered in making important decisions by the sexual crippling violations since you were13 years of age.” 
Tina pauses a few seconds staring at the phone message. She turns to face Jacqueline, “That is the end of the dream interpretation.”

Chapter 11: Messed Up 
The Present, Boston Massachusetts
Tina did not know how to read her best friend’s silence and lack of emotion. 
Jacqueline is in silent major turmoil. The thirteen-year-old memories. I remember them all!  Oh God, those memories are awful! They’re disgusting. No!!! 
Jacqueline faces and blinks at Tina sitting next to her. She doesn’t know what to say or do. She then turns head away from Tina and stares straight ahead to her well decorated apartment wall. Yes, my major life changes. Yes, thirteen years of age. Yes, I am shackled. I cannot make major choices. 
She turns her whole body to face away from Tina. 
“Jacqueline, you are scaring me!” Tina has not ever seen her friend in this manner. 
Tina calms her voice and speaks softly, “It’s alright, Jacqueline. It’s only a message. It must be way off. Is that what is happening? You are deeply disappointed. You did not get your desired answers? 
Talk to me.” 
Still nothing from Jacqueline but her back to Tina. 
“Come on, Jacqueline.” Those few seconds of uncomfortable silence are too much for Tina. 
Tina goes at it again but increases the volume of her proclamation to her friend. “I’m so sorry, Jacqueline. I seem to have messed you up! Come back to me! Talk to me! Tell me something! What’s going on with you?” 
Jacqueline with wild eyes staring into nowhere. No, the Dream Oracle message is not wrong, messed up since thirteen, trapped, and at death’s door. 
Tina gently placing her hands on Jacqueline’s shoulders. She turns Jacqueline around to face her. Jacqueline connects with Tina’s eyes. 
Tina expresses, “I thought this was going to help you. Instead I seem to have made things worse.” 
Jacqueline with her emotionless stare at Tina speaks, “The Dream Oracle’s message has given me the answers I need. All the puzzle pieces of my memories have fallen into place.” 
Tina’s initial reaction is one of disbelief, challenging Jacqueline, “What, do you mean it’s true? What part of the Dream Oracle message is true? What answers did you get?” 
Jacqueline expresses in almost a whisper, “All of it is the answer to my nightmares.” 
As the full shame and guilt of what she expresses comes to her, it was too much for Jacqueline to own. 
She begins telling the tale to Tina about herself as though she is talking about someone else. “Richard and Jacqueline had not ever been really close.” 
It freaks out Tina, Why is my friend disassociating from reality; talking about herself in third person? 
Jacqueline continues her story. “At thirteen years of age, there had been a major change between Jacqueline and Richard. 
Jacqueline was feeling great at thirteen. It was during this time that she had been getting much attention from boys at school, at social functions, and at chance encounters while shopping. Their remarks about desiring her body even though crude, were flattering and desired. She had been getting complimentary remarks from Richard’s powerful associates about her looks when she was in their company.”
Jacqueline recalls what the men said. What a beautiful young woman Richard. 
She’s a real knock out. 
You should have her around your business meetings instead of your wife.
It must be real hard to resist giving her what she wants. 
Richard, you must be shaking suitors off of Jacqueline left and right. 
Tina in her calm concern, “Come back to me my friend, seeing you like this is scary.” 
Jacqueline shakes her head a little upon hearing her friends voice. 
She continues her tale as she stares past Tina into nowhere. “It was during this 13 year of age time Richard began to take a special interest in Jacqueline. He talking to her differently, sitting close to her, smiling at her more often, making her feel special. She liked feeling special like those she had observed feeling around Richard.” 
Tina wants to interrupt during her friend’s pauses to parcel out all sorts of supportive statements and questions, but, thinks it is better not to do it. 
Jacqueline with a far-off stare, “Jacqueline had not ever told Richard about how she would melt under his charismatic smile. She would feel at ease around him feeling his strength and power. Her feeling at ease around him removed her emotional aches and the troubles of her world. She felt protected by him. The charming manner about him had made her feel privileged. She felt great being taken care of.” 
Tina reflects, I have experienced Richard’s charm. It is unsettlingly powerful. 
Jacqueline comes back from her brief pause. “He had begun taking her with him to business and associate meetings throughout the United States and around the world in her time off from school. All this had made her feel like an important person in his life. He would share the ins and outs of the business meetings with her. She observed first hand her powerful Richard in action. She marveled at his abilities to master conversations and close business deals.” 
Tina yelling inside herself.  I’m dying here!!! He was grooming you to be his sex toy!!! 
Jacqueline “The exotic places he would take Jacqueline throughout the world such as, London, Bora Bora, Barcelona, Paris, Sydney, Cape Town, Prague, and Budapest. In the United States, he took her with him to such places as, Las Vegas, U.S. Virgin Islands, Washington D.C., San Francisco, Maui, and the nicest places around New York City. They frequented these places without her Mother. 
She went to all these places without her Mother or anyone else to watch over them. She began to have intimate feelings and times with him. 
Over several months, the sweet touching between each other changed. It began as touching fondly when they were at the Humble Grape in London enjoying delicious aperitivo - smoked salmon, artichoke crostini, and an amazing mini sausage roll. 
Bodies close to each other hugging for long periods of time at Nova Icaria Beach in Barcelona attracting the interest of mostly a very young crowd. 
The kisses changed. Kisses on the forehead moved to the kisses by Richard to Jacqueline’s cheek at Cape Town, La Mouette Restaurant…gorgeous little French restaurant in Seapoint. She loved the cozy home atmosphere…fire burning in winter...tasty food... fine dining. 
He moved his lips from kissing her cheek, to gently pecks on her lips during Sydney’s Monopole’s intimate space that provided the perfect backdrop for a romantic meal for two. Richard kept his kisses going from gently pecks on the lips, to long breathtaking kisses on Jacqueline’s young lips. 
He had made her feeble in the knees with longer kisses on the lips at Prague’s Petrin Hill on May Day. These kisses of love in front of the statue of the romantic poet Karel Macha. There were more sensational long kisses at Prague’s Chain Bridge.
During several months, he would give Jacqueline nice caressing sensations on the arm. The caressing of Jacqueline’s arms changed into body massages in Las Vegas’ Love Hotel, in the U.S. On Virgin Island’s Point Pleasant Resort, and in Maui’s Ritz Carlton Kapalua the touching and caressing of Jacqueline’s body became more sexually pleasing. 
This intimacy from Richard’s kissing and body massages led into something more. Richard guided Jacqueline to sexual touching of each other fondly, then to sexual petting guided by his experienced hands in Bora Bora…truly, the most romantic island in the world. From the dramatic scenery to the privacy and amenities of the overwater bungalow sexual pleasure from the touching was very pleasing. 
They advanced through Richard’s guidance into sexual positions in the nicest and most romantic places in Washington D.C., San Francisco, and New York City where Richard positioned himself on top of Jacqueline. One of those sexual experiences was Richard naked straddled on top use of massaging oils to arouse Jacqueline’s breast and nipples. He would drip a little bit of massage oil on Jacqueline’s breasts. He would massage the oil in a circular motion outward to warm her breasts up a little. He would use the amount of massing pressure on her that one would use to rub one’s eyelids. Next, Richard used his fingertips to stroke Jacqueline’s breasts from the nipple to the edge of the breasts. He did this until he had gone around her breasts completely and warmed them up. He would pick up Jacqueline’s breast up in each hand with his thumb above her nipple and his fingers below. He would knead her nipples gently alternating from a clockwise to counter clockwise kneading. He would finish massaging her breasts by using his fingertips to stroke her nipples to the edge of her breasts. This hurt her breasts a lot the first time, but became more sexually arousing the other times.
After massaging her breast, he would position his large rock-hard penis between her breasts. He would have her push her breast together for wrapping them around his penis. He would thrust his pelvis back and forth between her slippery large breast building to his loud moans of orgasm until he released his massive load of cum into Jacqueline’s face and chest.”
Jacqueline blinks her eyes while continuing to stare nowhere. “Another of Richard’s favorites was the ‘69’ sex positions where he was on top. His face and tongue go into her genitals. His erect penis was positioned over her mouth for licking, and sucking. 
Slowly between his tongue and with his fingers, he moved into gently, manually stimulating of her clitoris and labia minora with stroking, pressing, and rhythmical motions. She moved her head up and down sucking his penis making him wiggle at times. All this stimulation leading to where they each pleasured the other’s body into body trembling orgasms. She learned over time not to gag when he would cum into her mouth. 
It was at this time that Jacqueline had dealt with the guilt, shame, pleasure of a messed-up relationship with her powerful stepfather. A conflict of desiring more, while knowing how sick and disturbed this was. She wished for death!”
Tina could stay silent no more, “Wishing for death?!!! You have been having sex with your stepfather since you were thirteen?!!! This is what is driving you to kill yourself? This is what driving your nightmares?” 
Jacqueline seems to come out of a trance and expresses to Tina, “Of course we did not have sex!!!” 
Tina then experiences her friend in a most uneasy fashion of rage.
She yells at Tina. “We did not have sex!!! His cock has never penetrated inside me between my legs!!! He never entered inside me!!! 
It was physically pleasuring love!!! Intimate love between a man and a woman!!!” 
Now Tina is realizing the full extent of her friend’s hell. “What he did to you, my friend, is reprehensible sex! What the both of you had was not love!” 
Jacqueline continues, “I am torn up inside with a love I have for Richard as a charming, engaging stepfather, of my body being extremely sexually satisfied. At the same time, I have the feelings of being disgustingly dirty and wishing I am dead. I know how messed up it sounds. I am so messed up.” 
Tina notices a moment of clarity when Jacqueline turns and faces her squarely. “I knew this messed-up relationship between Richard and me would build into something destructive one day. I sensed this destruction building up more when I was 14 years of age.” 
Jacqueline recounts for Tina memories of Richard’s perverted sexual enjoyment of her body throughout the years... 
“At fourteen years of age in Kyoto, Japan, Richard had already sexually prepared me for a year. I felt important being by his side…being included in this business trip. He was charming in the manner he made me feel desirable. He was attentive to my needs by checking in on me. He was supportive of my involvement in the business meeting. He was encouraging in my abilities at the business meeting. 
After a successful business meeting, we celebrated in style at the most exquisite restaurant with the most delicious in Japanese cuisine and drinks. We dined on dried and fresh fish meals named Tsukemono. We had a variety of pickled vegetables. Other seasonal fruits and vegetables we enjoyed were exquisitely prepared. The Nama-Yatsuhashi, triangle shaped dumpling filled sweets. The indescribable experience of Sukiyaki, seared beef in a sauce of sake, sugar, and soy sauce. The Sashimi oysters, salmon, and tuna quite a delicious treat. 
At night, we returned to a lavish Japanese home. The home had serene living spaces punctuated with delicate textures, shoji screens, cedar finishes, and with an inside greenery pond. The peace and tranquility of our time in the home was inspiring romance. I was convinced by Richard how we should celebrate such a successful day with our bodies. I had a year of sexually pleasuring Richard and he of me. In Japan, he was taking our sexual experience to the next level.” 
Tina wanting to stop or interrupt Jacqueline but, cannot as she wants to know the rest of the horrible secret so she can help her friend. 
Jacqueline hesitantly tells of what happens next… “We kissed like lovers. Richard caressed and kissed my body until my vaginal juices were flowing. I embraced him hard. Both of us helped each other out of our cloths as the kissing and caressing each other’s bodies continued. 
Richard guided us near the inside greenery pond of the home. Both of us were naked by this time. I went into my position of lying flat on my back with my legs opened and bent while Richard kissed and licked my body into pleasure on top of me. Richard moved his body on top of me as he kissed and licked my neck, chest, breasts, nipples, the middle of my stomach, my shaved pubic area, my vaginal and clitoris till his erect penis was in front of my mouth. I grabbed his hips and raise my head, so my mouth could lick and suck Richard’s penis like I had many time before. He moaned in pleasure. I moaned in pleasure. 
I had noticed a large black beautifully crafted wooden box within Richard’s reach. But I was too involved in the sexual pleasuring of Richard to notice Richard open the box. He retrieved a Japanese 24 carat gold G-spot Dildo. 
As he slowly inserted the cold gold Dildo inside me, I force myself to keep licking and sucking Richard’s penis as I was trained by him to do. I felt the gold Dildo hit my G spot. Sensations charge through my pelvis making me feel like I wanted to pee. I kept licking and sucking pleasuring Richard. He pulled my legs up. Richard retrieved gel and lube to protect the mucosa of my anal area. He sprayed something that made my anal muscles relax. 
Richard then inserted anal beads that started off small and increased in size. I enjoyed the sensation of each ball going inside me as Richard stimulated me to no end with the gold G-spot Dildo, while pushing each larger anal bead inside me. He manipulated the G-spot Dildo while he pleasured my anus. My mouth tightened around Richard’s penis as sexual arousal takes me to the point of muffled screaming ecstasy. 
I felt the shooting out of my body clear liquid ejaculation. Richard increased his penis’ downward thrusts into my throat shooting a large load of semen into my mouth. I was already experienced in not gagging with the sensation, swallowing some of the salty tasting substance. I allowed more of his cum to dribble out of my mouth once Richard took his penis out of my mouth. Richard moved his body slightly forward with me admiring his firm bottom and ever shrinking penis. I squirmed in pleasure as Richard removed the G-spot Dildo and anal beads from inside me.” 
Jacqueline pauses, looks away for several minutes then faces Tina, “We went to our separate showers. We went through our night routines. Both of us went to bed in own areas. I had a hard time sleeping. The next day we got up and went about our business as usual then we return to our home in the Hamptons.” 
Tina’s face twists in pain but, allows her friend to continue.
Jacqueline comes out of a trance like state. “At fifteen years of age we were in the Greek Isles, Cyclades on another business trip. Richard was charming in the manner he made me feel desirable. He was being attentive to my needs by checking in on me. He was supportive of my involvement in the business meeting. He was encouraging in my abilities at the business meeting. After a successful business meeting, we celebrated in style at the most exquisite restaurant with the most delicious Fava me koukia, roasted Greek lamb, and Saganaki. We finished with downing these delicious meals with a variety of juices. 
After our wonderful dining experience, we were driven to a Santorini traditional Cycladic home, luxuriously furnished. The majestic white walls of the home set against an endless expanse of shimmering turquoise-blue ocean waters and black volcanic colures of the land was breathtaking. The marble floors beautiful accented the home very nicely. The private veranda allowed for us to get into a romantic mood.” 
Jacqueline breaths in and out hard as she recounts what happened. “Richard caressed and kissed my body into arousal as our clothes started to melt away. I embraced him hard. Both of us helped each other out of the rest of our cloths as the kissing and caressing continued to the veranda. There was a special area on the veranda where Richard positioned my body with my legs in the air while he could insert his penis into my mouth while he stayed standing. 
I had noticed the large black beautifully crafted wooden box he had used in Japan before Richard positioned me with my legs pointing up in the blue sky while my head was pointing down to the stone floor of the veranda. Richard held open my legs while he licked my vaginal lips and clitoris to sexual erotic pleasure. I licked and sucked Richard’s ever-growing penis. Richard took out gel and lube to protect the mucosa of my anal walls. He sprayed something that made my anal muscles relax. He spread lube on his fingers as he inserted one finger into my vagina. Then he inserted one finger into my relaxed anal muscles. He pleasured me in both areas with the movement of his hands and fingers. He inserted two fingers into my vagina as well as into my anus. He really knew how to stimulate me more in both areas. Richard’s penis hardened in my mouth as I continued to lick and suck his penis. He inserted three fingers into my vagina as well as into my ever-expanding anal area.
More indescribable sensations for me as Richard stimulated me like never before. Richard’s penis harder in my mouth as he got off in his hands being inside me. He inserted 4 fingers into my vagina as well as my anus. More body shaking sensations for me as well as for Richard’s rock hard large penis in my mouth. My mouth tightened around his penis with his arousal of me in my vaginal and anal areas. My throat muscles massaging him to sexual delight. He inserted his one whole hand into my vagina and the other whole hand into my anus. He manipulated both my vagina and anal area to the point of painfully pleasurable orgasms where I ended up shooting clear liquid from out between my legs forcing me to give off a muffled scream with Richard’s penis inside my mouth. 
He thrusted his penis hard in and out of my mouth until he gave off a loud organismic moan leaving his body shaking as he deposited his massive load of cum inside my mouth and throat. I swallowed some of the salty tasting cum while allowing more to dribble out of my mouth once Richard pulled his penis out from my mouth. I felt my vagina and anal muscles painfully stay open as Richard pulled his hands out of from inside me. Richard helped me up from my place on the veranda. I felt like biting myself from the experience.” 
Jacqueline pauses, looking past Tina. Tina moves her hand in front of Jacqueline’s eyes to bring her out of her trance like stance.
Tina with lips turned down and eyes piercing into Jacqueline’s eyes, “You alright?”
Jacqueline voices to Tina “We went to our separate showers. After my shower, I used a mirror to look at my vagina and anal areas. They were torn and bleeding some. I worried they would never go back to how they worked. I went through my night routines. Both of us went to bed in own areas. I had a hard time sleeping. The next day we got up. We went about our business as usual. We returned to our home in the Hamptons. I checked out my vagina and anal areas nightly breathing a sigh of relief they were healing back to normal and healing from the ripping.” 
Tina, “You don’t have to give me all the gory details Jacqueline.” 
Jacqueline continues with her stories not listening to her friend. “At sixteen years of age was when sex went very bad causing me to try to commit suicide on the night of my birthday. But, I get ahead of myself. 
We had enjoyed the fruits of our success from a successful Paris, France business meeting. I entered the double south-west reception room of our residence. I opened the doors out to a balcony for enjoying views of the Eiffel Tower. The apartment was on the second floor of the historic Quai Branly. The bedrooms overlooked the quiet and attractive courtyard. The apartment was dressed in decorative stone, decorative moldings, high ceilings, parquet, and fireplaces. We savored the clam linguine and melt-in-your-mouth saffron risotto brought to our room. The setting was romantic. He was charming in the manner he made me feel desirable.” 
Tina with pain in her face voices, “Really my friend you don’t need to go on.”
Jacqueline avoids her friends request as she feels she needs tells of what occurred next, “Richard caressed and kissed my body into arousal. Both of us helping each other out of our cloths as the kissing and caressing continued to where Richard took us to one of the bedrooms. We both embraced and kissed passionately in our nakedness. Richard stopped from our kissing and embracing. I had noticed some mechanical monstrosity with a bench in the room. I was concerned what this thing was for. 
Richard eased me out of my concern by continuing to kiss and caress my body while slowly positioning my body onto the mechanical monstrosity. My legs ended up in the air while my head was pointing down at a level Richard could insert his penis into my mouth. Richard continued to arouse me with his kisses and caresses on my body as he strapped my legs in place. He continued to arouse me with his kisses and caresses on my body as he strapped my arms in place. He shoved his ever-growing penis into my mouth. I licked and sucked his cock causing moans of pleasure to come out of Richard. 
He opened his black wooden box; used lubes, gels, and spray for my anal muscles to relax and my vagina to receive what Richard had in store for me. Meanwhile, I continued to lick and suck Richard’s growing penis. He brought out a massively large Dildo. He slowly inserted it inside my anal area. I felt my anal area stretched to almost the tearing point. I was not able to stop the sounds of pleasurable pain as the large Dildo went inside me.”
Jacqueline blinks in remembrance. “Richard brought out another immensely large Dildo. This one he slowly inserted into my vagina where I felt my vagina stretched almost to a painfully pleasurable tearing point. I continued to lick and suck on Richard’s growing penis. Richard connected both massive Dildos to the mechanical monstrosity. He started the monstrous machine. 
I vaguely remember uncontrollably arching my back as the machine thrusts the massive Dildos in and out of my vagina and anal area. There was painful pleasure beyond what my body had ever experienced. I couldn’t remove myself from the tortuous pleasure as I was tied down. Richard slapped the side of my thigh hard for me to continue licking and sucking his penis. It took great effort for me to continue the licks and sucks to Richard’s fully erect penis. 
My mouth and throat muscles tightened around him so hard he was in pleasurable pain. My pain of pleasure went to unbearable levels. His penis throbbing into rock hard massive size causing my breathing to become harder with me tightening my throat muscles because of the ever-difficult painful pleasure. His penis getting harder as I guessed he was aroused by the way my body was reacting to the machine. The machine thrusts of the massive Dildos in and out of me moving my body back and forth in painful pleasure tearing me up. Richard shoved his penis hard into my mouth and throat until he gave off a loud organismic moan leaving his body shaking on my face as he deposited his massive load of cum inside my mouth and throat. This time when he removed his penis out of my mouth, I go into a gagged scream spitting out his cum. 
The machine was unbearably tortuous, my back arched so much, the restraints on my legs and arms pulled so hard by me digging into my body causing more pain. I felt my toes curl hard into my feet. My fingernails digging into the palms of my hands causing them to bleed. I remember screaming in pleasurable pain never experienced before at the painful ripping inside me. I saw a large stream of liquid and blood shoot out from between my legs to a good 7 feet away. My body painfully shaking in orgasms too much for me to take. I screamed with all my might before all went dark…” 
Tina with eyes welling up with crying, surrendering to her friend’s abuse by Richard. “What happened next to you me dear friend?”
Jacqueline explains to Tina “I woke up with a doctor overseeing my vitals. Richard and the doctor whispered quietly so I could not make out what they were saying. Our trip home delayed by several days as I recovered. We did not talk at all to each other. A nurse was assigned to me to bring me back to health at the Hamptons. I checked with a mirror my vaginal and anal area. They seemed like damaged red caves. Richard gave a made-up excuse about flight delays and me getting sick to Mother.” 
Tina, “I’m so glad you survived such a horrible experience. That pervert!!!”
Jacqueline voices, “I sensed that one day my perverted sexual relationship with Richard would catch up to me. I could feel all those years with Richard that I would be left with no options, no choices.” 
Tina seeking clarification “Is this why you are having the nightmares right now?” 
Jacqueline more to herself, “No, I do not think so. Maybe? I think the major piece of understanding some of what my nightmares are indicating comes when I was 16 years of age. This inner conflict exploded during my 16th birthday party. This loved and satisfying part of me with Richard clashing with the guilt and shame exploded coveting death.” 
Jacqueline pauses to gather her thoughts, “It was an amazing birthday bash in my sixteenth birthday. You and the rest of our gang were there.” 
Tina nods her head as she recalls this event. 
Jacqueline continues, “Richard had not held back to make my birthday an amazing day with fulfilling every one of my wishes and desires. He topped it off by inviting powerfully-fascinating persons. Some, even my favorite celebrities.” 
Jacqueline thinks, Fulfilling my requests while setting me up for his sexual desire. 
“Mother had been rather reserved but still celebrating with me that day. This wonderfully-fulfilling birthday bash had a terrible price that night.” 
Tina interjects, “You took ill all of sudden. You were rushed to the hospital! I remember.” 
“Yes,” replies Jacqueline. 
“I was deathly ill. But that is not the terrible price I meant. Toward early evening, Richard would go slowly by me and secretly begin his sexual touching of me telling me our time together would soon come. I had come to the realization where that night was headed, where all touching of this type in times past had gone. 
I had enough! I was going to end this once and for all! I formed a plan…a plan to rid myself of the conflict that was welling up worse for me at the turn of every birthday. Part of my plan was to find Bill.” 
Tina with a questioning look about her regarding this Bill person. 
Jacqueline explains. “Bill, you know. One the guys from our circle of friends. Remember how we all would share in getting high at his prescription medication cocktail parties?” 
Tina blinks in recollection then voices. “Yes, party with me to get high, Bill. 
Please continue.” 
Jacqueline continues, “Yes, that Bill. Well, I found Bill and talked him into setting me up with one of his large cocktails. He insisted on joining me in the celebration. I had told him that I wanted high time alone time for my birthday. I manipulated him into believing he hoped he understood. He accepted with some resistance. We had agreed to a point of drop off and pick up not noticeable to anyone. I then stashed the goods.” 
“How come you wanted to get high on your own?” Tina curious. 
“I’ll get to that,” comments Jacqueline. 
“The dreaded time came that evening. Richard had done the sexual touching routines of so many times before that I knew where later that night Richard was going to guide me. It was a regular routine. First, the touching then going to the gazebo near the pool.” 
Jacqueline remembers something about that night with him that she had almost forgotten. I resisted Richard’s advances in the early evening and throughout the night because I knew where it was going. 
Jacqueline gazes into Tina’s eyes, “I had almost forgotten. I had told Richard in so many ways I did not want to be with him in that sexual way.” 
Tina desiring an answer, “What did he do when you resisted?” 
Jacqueline, “In his charming manner he dismissed my objection. He confused me. Saying something to the effect, that I really did not mean ‘No’ because my body reacted to him in a pleased manner that said ‘Yes.” 
“What a creep to justify his actions. Then what?” Tina is engrossed to hear more. 
Jacqueline voices, “I guess I was really questioning myself at that time and in turmoil about the years of us secretly taking each other into body shaking orgasms.” 
Tina sitting on the couch with Jacqueline had been absorbing this account of her best friend’s life when she places her hand on Jacqueline’s shoulder. My dear friend has kept this relationship with Richard a secret for so many years. What a terrible burden. 
Jacqueline continues, “Have you ever wondered about the reason I did not drink heavily or use drugs around our friends?” 
Tina, curiously, “I have wondered that sometimes throughout the years. I just thought you were a health freak.” 
Jaqueline clarifies, “That’s sort of on target. Instead of alcohol and drugs you have seen me focus on intense rigorous workouts. Well, it is not because I am a health freak. It is because of what happened on the night of my 16th birthday. 
On my 16th birthday, the sexual toys black box had disappeared. I got the feeling the mechanical monstrosity also disappeared. But Richard’s sexual lust for me had not. Throughout the years, he only used his tongue and fingers to stimulate my clitoris to orgasm. He did not insert even one finger inside my vagina or anal area ever again after Paris. I was doing my part to make him orgasm.” 
Jacqueline shakes her head before composing herself. “Back to that night of my 16th birthday. Going against my objections and manipulating me, Richard took me where we had gone so many times before to the gazebo next to the pool.
****
The Past, Hampton Mansion. 
He moves his hands pleasing her over her naked body as he had so many times before. She lays on her back on the wooden gazebo floor. He moves his body on top of her till his growing penis is in front of her face and his face is between her legs in the ‘69’ sex position. Richard pulls Jacqueline’s legs up till they rest behind his well-toned arms. Slowly between his tongue and with his fingers he moves into gently, manually stimulating of her clitoris and labia minora with stroking, pressing, and rhythmical motions. 
While Richard’s ever growing, large penis is in front of her face, Jacqueline moves her head till his penis is slowly taken inside her mouth for licking and sucking. Jacqueline swallows his penis deep inside her throat. She moves her head up and down sucking his penis. Jacqueline uses her tongue and throat muscles making Richard wiggle at times. Richard and Jacqueline stimulating each other till they each brought the other to loudly moaning body trembling orgasms. Jacqueline learning not to gag when he shot his massive load of cum into her mouth. He breathes heavily after his body shaking loud moaning orgasm. He removes himself from on top of her. Jacqueline turning her head slightly allowing his massive load of sperm to flow out her mouth. 
After their sexual time together at the gazebo, Richard gets dressed. Jacqueline is laying her side on the gazebo wooden watching Richard get dressed. She wipes his cum from her lips with her fingers then wipes her fingers on the Gazebo wooden floor. Richard reminds Jacqueline to wait awhile so as to not rouse suspicion about the both of them leaving the gazebo together. Richard leaves. Jacqueline is left alone. She picks herself up from the Gazebo floor. She dresses her nakedness. She sits inside the Gazebo till she figures enough time has passed for her to have stayed back. She leaves the Gazebo with resolve to end this madness with Richard once and for all.
****
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment
Jacqueline expresses with a faraway stare toward the ceiling, “I was in a very different frame of mind in leaving the gazebo during my 16th birthday party. I was going to carry out a plan to end my turmoil by overdosing with his expensive liquor and the cocktail of prescription pills I had gotten from Bill. 
Upon leaving the gazebo, I snuck into one of the mansion’s guest rooms where I had stashed Richard’s most expensive liquor and the prescription medicine cocktail.” 
Tina remembers more clearly that night. Yes, I was informed by our circle of friends that Jacqueline had suddenly taken to be deathly ill and rushed to the hospital. 
Tina recalls with fear, I was not allowed to see her at the hospital because Richard’s staff informed me that Jaqueline had needed her rest from the illness that had suddenly befallen her. The staff could not even tell me the name of the illness except that it was unknown to them. 
Jacqueline had paused from saying more. She focuses upon seeing her friend in deep thought. 
Tina eyes Jacqueline. “I’m remembering that time. They did not let me see you or even tell me what your sickness was all about.” 
Tina gives a nod of her head eying Jacqueline. Jacqueline picks up this is her cue to continue the story. “The last thing I remember in the guest room after taking the liquor and the cocktail of medications, was feeling extremely sickly, sleepy, and the room going dark. 
I have bits of flashes of memory at the hospital. I vaguely remember unknown voices stating how I flat-lined…Very lucky… Brought back from the dead. I remember Mother and Richard discussing how he had used his connections to cover up the mess.”
Jacqueline raises her eyes to the ceiling and expresses, “When I was waking up at the hospital one of the times, I had heard Richard and Mother arguing fiercely much like the times during baby Richard’s life. I was not able to understand much of what the argument was about. I know they were arguing about me. Mother was saying she was going to find a way out of something that Richard had over her. Whatever ‘something’ was at the time. Richard threatened her by reminding her what he had could ruin her. 
What else I can remember from that time is that I am in my room at home. I have attending nurses and the family concierge doctor who brought back to health.” 
Tina dumbfounded interjects a question that seems to be off topic. “So, when did this perverted sexual relationship with Richard stop?” 
Jacqueline stays quiet and looks away from Tina. Tina grabs her friend’s shoulders and turns Jacqueline to face her. 
In disbelief, Tina expresses what Jacqueline cannot. “You mean that this messed sexually abusive relationship with Richard is going on to this day?” 
Jacqueline shame filled nods her head in acknowledgement of what Tina has stated as truth. 

Chapter 12: The Plan 
The Present, Jacqueline’s Apartment.
Tina’s shifts her body slightly. Her eyes are arrowed with furrowed brow. Her mind filled with her disbelief about her friend’s hell. All at once, the shocking conclusion of her friend’s relationship with Richard has been defined. The full meaning of Jacqueline’s nightmares revealed. It’s so disgustingly terrible.
Tina clears her throat and eyes Jacqueline, “How come you keep having sex with him? For this long?” 
Jacqueline bows her head to stare down at the floor. After some moments of silence, she softly offers, “I really don’t know how come I keep our messed-up relationship going. You would think that as an adult, I would end it and go on with my life. I am somehow trapped, drawn in each time to him. I cannot help myself to resist Richard’s bidding when he wants my body for sexual pleasure. 
That’s where the interpretation of my dream symbols is correct. Since 13 years of age, I’m crippled from going on with my major life decisions. I crippled in not being able to resist for long Richard’s bidding when he wants sex from me.” 
“How do you keep going?” A muddled Tina asks. 
Jacqueline breathes out hard and faces Tina. “Some years are worse than others in my desire to keep going. In those worse years, I have tried several options. 
I have attempted hanging myself in the bathroom with my bra. My bra strap had broken as I put my full weight on it. 
I had at another time taken sleeping pills while in the bathtub. Only for Mother to have found me and brought me back to life with the help of our concierge doctor. 
Another time, I crashed my car at a high speed into a wall of a building without a seatbelt. The air bags worked miracles. I was left black and blue but not dead. 
I have nearly been successful in jumping in front of oncoming speeding large delivery truck. Only for the driver to have barely missed me in the swerving of his vehicle.” 
Jacqueline lowers her stare at the floor of her apartment. 
Tina contemplates her friend’s situation and is having a hard time comprehending her friend’s Hell. 
“Have you tried getting help?” Tina offers.
Jacqueline keeps her stare to the floor. “There is a part of me…even though small…that works myself up to get professional help. That part of me is too small to do it all the way. I cannot get the help. I need to get away from Richard and rid myself of these desires to kill myself. The shame of my situation is too unbearable for me to tell some professional.” 
Jacqueline faces her friend. “Unless that person is a driven friend who does not let things go. Who will keep at it until I finally do something about it.” 
“Well, you know I will definitely do all I can to help you.” Tina with resolve in her voice and face.
Tina takes the topic of their conversation back to the Dream Oracle message. “What dream symbols major changes are in your life, Jacqueline? Those life changes that now, at this moment, are triggering the recurring disturbing nightmare. 
You know, the ones that are causing the turbulent ocean dream symbols.” 
Jacqueline in a matter of fact manner offers, “I think that coming to the end of my studies and soon becoming an autonomous professional has a big part to play. I will not have to depend on Richard’s financial support when I am a doctor in my medical field. 
At the same time, the other part of a major change is with Charles in my life. I have never experienced being so unconditionally loved by one who keeps engaging me in a fulfilling relationship. He keeps coming back even though I give him so many reasons to leave me.”
Tina interjects, “Does this mean that Charles and you have a love that offsets Richard’s control? Is your next step to have sex with Charles to diminish Richard’s sexual control over you?” 
Jacqueline, “Oh, No! No! Charles with his Christian faith and now I know about my issues with sex because of Richard. I don’t think sex with Charles is the answer. I think I have way too many issues stemming from Richard that would badly damage my chance at a fulfilling sex life with Charles. I’m glad our relationship has led us to move away from having sex. We have come to a mutual understanding about having not having sex with each other, but for very different reasons. 
Don’t get me wrong, it has been very difficult at times to have resisted having sex with Charles. We have come very close. Thankfully either he or I stop us. 
We have both agreed to help each other in abstaining from sex until our commitment is more established. This sounds like a reasonable condition even though it’s not the complete truth in my case.
Now, as far as Charles countering Richard’s powerful aura, I think you have something there. I may be at a crossroads of turmoil because I’m so close to not relying on Richard to fulfill my need to be wanted and sexually fulfilled. In a way, Charles does counter Richard’s control over me with Charles’ love of me. He does it with his manner of making me feel special. He does it with the way we talk and laugh around each other. So, not only is he different from anyone I’ve met, I don’t think I will ever meet anyone I can trust as much as I trust Charles.” 
Jacqueline, summarizing her thoughts out loud, “It means that with Charles and you in my life, and with my medical profession soon to take off, I must be ready to take on the issue crippling me since I was13 years of age. The issue that has be trapped from living my life to the fullest. 
To be a medical doctor in a practice means that I would not be reliant on Richard’s fortune. I will not be held hostage financially by him. 
With Charles in my life, I will not be held hostage to Richard’s perverted enjoyable sexual pleasure. This perverted sexual relationship with Richard will be replace by have a lovingly special relationship with Charles. This means that I do not have to yearn for Richard’s closeness. 
That I can somehow be supported by Charles and you to get the professional help I need. I know my suicidal desires will not go away magically just with Charles’ love or my recent embracing of the truth. For the first time in my life, I actually believe I have a chance to enjoy my life.” 
Tina offers while leaning her body forward, “If Richard has not let you go all these years, he is not about to give you up now. Certainly, not for you to be going away doing your own thing as a professional. Certainly, not for you to replace him with a young man that you will have the pleasure to live with, love, and enjoy the rest of your life. 
You have to make those life changing choices your dream symbols are telling you to make. You need all the help you can get.” 
Jacqueline nods her head in agreement with Tina as her friend leans back, “Which is why I think I am confiding with you Tina about my realization of making very difficult life choices. I know I cannot do this separation from Richard alone. Charles is but one part to help me. I will need to have yours and possibly others whom I do not know how to help me. This will allow me to have my life freed to live as I choose, to love the man I choose. I need to be able to free myself from Richard’s monetary and emotional clutches or risk being successful in killing myself one of these days.” 
Jacqueline sees Tina shaking her head in a ‘no’ fashion after Jacqueline finishes expressing her thoughts. 
Tina moves her eyes away from Jacqueline and stares at the floor for several moments. Tina is silently working through options in her mind triggered by what Jacqueline has just said. 
Somehow, we need to have leverage in stopping Richard from getting to Jacqueline. Who do I even know has this kind of ability? I know. Someone from years ago, at a dark forest, a castle. Sapphire! Of course, Sapphire! 
Tina’s quiet somber faraway gaze immediately turns into an enthusiastic wild look at Jacqueline. Jacqueline is a little taken aback that the wild look Tina has is though she has snapped out of her sanity. 
Jaqueline ponders about what is going on inside her friend. Did it shock my friend to know I have plans about killing myself because of my hell? Why did Tina have that wild look. Did she have an epiphany about something else? 
Without warning after a few more seconds of silence with her wild look, Tina makes Jacqueline jump a little when she burst out, “I have a plan! 
Tina eyes a settling down Jacqueline. “There are two parts to my plan. One is going to be very tough for you, Jacqueline, but necessary. You are going to have to find a way to confide in your Mother what’s going on with you and win her over against Richard.” 
Jacqueline is horrified, “I hate this part of the plan!!! It means being near Richard and he having his way with me!!!” 
Tina continues, “I know I’m asking something so horrible for you to do.”
Jacqueline crosses her arms under her breast showing glaring at Tina. 
Tina coming back stronger at Jaqueline, “Now wait…wait…listen…listen to me, Jacqueline. There is a part two of this plan that will ensure your sacrifice is not for nothing.” 
Jacqueline relaxes her body a little, uncrosses her arms. She stares attentively. 
Tina voicing with excitement. “The next part of the plan is to contact a person I know. A person who my family has used in the past. This person I know can help us if I can just convince the person to help us. 
I know I can trust this person. I know she is a force to be reckoned with that even Richard will not be able to go against her.” 
Jacqueline opens her mouth while voicing quite loudly. “What can you tell me about this woman? How do you know the person you speak about can help us?”
Tina, interrupts her friend, “The less you know about this woman, the better. I don’t want to share anything else. Please trust me.” 
Jacqueline nods in agreement and closes her mouth from asking anything else about the woman Tina has in mind to help them. 
Tina content, continues. “I’m going to contact this person. I’m going to convince her about getting whatsoever we need as leverage against Richard. This leverage can be used to have Richard back off from continuing to draw you back to him for fulfilling his sexual needs.” 
Jacqueline is quiet for several moments staring at Tina before responding. “Alright, you got my interest. You do know I’m not pleased with all of your plan.” 
Still, Jacqueline’s reluctance does not stop Tina from her delight with the plan. “I got to go! I love you!” 
Tina springing up from the couch, grabbing her belongings, throwing them into her purse while sprinting towards the apartment door with Jacqueline in pursuit. 
Tina suddenly stops from going any further. With inches from Jacqueline’s face, Tina expresses.  “Look, I will do my part, but I need you to do your best in getting your Mother’s support! I know it’s going to be Hell for you. I know you have it in you. After all, you are Jaqueline.” 
With that, Tina runs to and opens the apartment door. She rushes away down the hallway leaving Jacqueline stopping at the doorway of her lavish apartment. 
While Jaqueline is staring at her friend bustling down the hallway, she is deep in thought. Tina, my dear friend. You know there is a major price to be paid to confide with my Mother and get her support. You know that price is to pay Richard with my body. I don’t know if I can do it. I don’t know if I can survive it. I don’t know how much longer I can stay alive for you to carry out your part of the plan.

Chapter 13: Going Home 
The Present, Boston Massachusetts 
Tina’s thoughts are amping up for putting her plan into action as she scurries from Jacqueline’s apartment to her parked white Cadillac ATS coupe. Her thoughts are going all over the place brainstorming how to locate and convince Sapphire to help. 
I hope Sapphire’s available. She may already be working on a contract. Wait! Do I even have the latest contact for her? If anyone can help me get leverage against Richard, it’s her! She’s used to dealing with powerful persons with worst case scenarios than Jacqueline with Richard. She’s brilliant in strategies. 
She’s scary! Do I really want to contact her? 
Stop that Tina. Your friend Jacqueline needs you bad! Of course, you are going to do all you can to get a hold of Sapphire. You can’t go all scared now and bail on the plan. You started the plan you got to finish it. 
I am not sure if Jacqueline can keep to her part of the plan. If she does go through with it, she is going to go through Hell by paying the price to allow Richard to violate her. That part of the plan just rips into my heart. My dear friend, if you go through with what is needed, I must be ready to do my part. Please stay alive. 
Tina fully aware what her friend is going to sacrifice for a snow ball in Hell of a chance in trying to get her Mother’s support. She knows this time in Jacqueline’s life is extremely life threatening to Jacqueline. This sacrifice of Jacqueline of getting the Mother’s support by getting Richard out of the way is something Tina is fearful her friend is capable of surviving. 
Tina has enough intuition to know that it is time for Jacqueline to feel the urge to respond to Richard’s sexual bidding control over her. She knows that Jacqueline could not have resisted much longer staying away from Richard. Tina thinks of living in Jacqueline’s skin for a few seconds, Tina shudders. Her skin crawls thinking about a guy like Richard having his sexual way with her. 
Tina is coming to the realization that if her friend goes through with being with Richard what her emotions will have to endure after knowing what her nightmares have revealed to Jacqueline. Tina shaking her head knowing Jacqueline will have to pay the price of allowing her body to be violated. This violation to get Richard out of the way somehow in order to get the opportunity to get support from her Mother Monica. 
Tina enters her Cadillac ATS and allows for her smart phone to pair with the vehicle’s computer. She breaths in slowly and breaths out slowly to get herself focuses. She gets herself to breath calmly till she feels herself slowing her fast beating heart. As her breathing slows, Tina’s clarity comes back for going through her options of how to contact Sapphire. She starts her turbo engine then guns the vehicle’s engine to a roar with tires screeching speeding her to her destination.
****
Boston Massachusetts General Hospital.
It is a staff member from Richard who leaves Jacqueline a message about the date and time for the fundraiser hosted by her Mother and Richard in the Hamptons. 
Jacqueline responds in kind to the staff’s message. ‘Still need clearance from my supervising doctor.’ 
Jacqueline is satisfied she will not need to address Richard any time soon as she makes it in time to her rotation. 
Jacqueline is checked into her area of the hospital and is being briefed about the patients.  Jacqueline sees her supervising doctor approaching her.  
He stands in front of her. “Hi Jacqueline, you are Jacqueline, right?” 
Jacqueline, “Yes, Dr. Sloan.” 
Dr. Sloan with piercing angry eyes at Jacqueline. “So, you’re the one under my supervision that I got bothered with. I got notification to give you time off. I don’t like being told what to do. 
Do what you need to and get back here after your family business. I will have you covering double shifts to make up for this little fiasco.” 
Jacqueline’s voice trembling a little with trying to subdue anger at Richard’s control. “Yes, Dr. Sloan.” 
Dr. Sloan departs Jacqueline’s company looking very irritated. Jacqueline making her way to her assignment very angry with Richard. 
What a pain! grimaces Jacqueline as she marches and turns left in the hallway for her assignment. Well Richard, you must really be wanting your fix from me. You set a date and time for the fund raiser. I had set conditions to the date and time. You used your connections to get to Dr. Sloan. At the same time punishing me when I set conditions. Now I will have double shifts in my rotations after attending this goddamn fundraiser. 
Strangely, I still feel the need to be with you. So, you can satisfy me. It’s been awhile. This is so messed up!!! 
During her angry reflection about Richard, Jacqueline slowly works through her anger into preparation for the fundraiser being an opportunity to engage her Mother. Jacqueline has a vulgar thought, though there will be a steep price to pay emotionally, my body is starting to feel aroused thinking of being pleasured into orgasm by Richard. 
Throughout the small breaks during her rotation, she schemes…schemes… and schemes. Toward the end of her long grueling shift, Jacqueline is half conscious when it came to her decision: I know what I must do! It is going to rip up every fiber of my being, but I must do it! I think it may actually work!
****
The Present, Boston Massachusetts
Charles has his old Ford Pick Up truck parked nearby Jacqueline’s apartment complex. They are waiting for Jacqueline’s limo while standing near his pick-up truck. He and Jacqueline had been talking near the curb about their usual talks until Jacqueline informs him about her dislike of going home. He is standing waiting for Jacqueline to say more about her dislike in visiting home. But, Jacqueline says nothing more about the matter. 
He looks at Jacqueline with sad puppy eyes and sadly voices, “I am going to miss you while you’re away with your family.” 
“I will miss you too.” Jacqueline offers, gazing into his eyes. 
Charles decides to press the matter. “When am I ever going to be invited to meet your family? You have met mine on countless occasions. Is it me you’re embarrassed to take with you?” 
Jacqueline is somewhat miffed that during this special time together with Charles, he must go to sour their time together. “Not this topic of you coming to visit my family. Not now. I need your support at this moment. It’s going to be tough for me. 
To answer your question…No! I’m not embarrassed to take you. Trust me when I say to you time and time again, you are the most wonderful person in my life. Maybe one day something will work out for you to meet my family.”
Jacqueline thinking to herself. Or not, if I cannot resolve the massive Electra sex affair with Richard at home. 
Jacqueline and Charles are silent for a few moments before the limo pulls up to take Jacqueline away to her destination. By the time the limo driver exits and opens the trunk for the luggage, Charles has Jacqueline’s luggage in hand standing beside her silently. 
The limo driver looks at and greets, “Hello, Ms. Jacqueline, may I take your bags?” 
She nods in agreement. The limo driver nods acknowledgement to Charles. He takes the luggage from Charles’ hands and carefully loads her bags into the trunk. The limo driver staying very professionally walks over, opens the limo door for her, and waits. 
Jacqueline leans towards Charles. He leans into Jacqueline. Both share a loving kiss. They gaze into each other’s souls. They hug. She breaks away in silence and enters the limo. She settles herself in at the same time the limo door closes. Jacqueline forces herself not look back knowing Charles is standing there looking at her. She does not want to see Charles’ pain like many times before when it ended badly when it came to discussions about visiting her at her home. 
Jacqueline quickly switches her thoughts from her matter with Charles, Do I have the strength to go through with getting support from Mother? I have to get the strength. I have to do whatever it takes to get Richard out of the way. If I fail, I will be doomed to finding peace in planning and executing my death after being pleasured by Richard. 
Her thoughts and her inhuman desire to make the plan of getting support from her Mother work at all costs increases in energy as she is driven to the private jet waiting for her. She exits her limo and boards the private jet. She settles herself into the luxurious leather seating. Her energy for success increases during her flight. The energy for success is high upon landing at the private hangar near her mansion home. 
****
Hamptons, New York. 
As she steps off the private jet ramp, she notices a limo is waiting for her. Her bags get loaded into the limo. The limo driver opens the door for Jacqueline. She enters the limo. She settles herself into the limo. The limo drives away from the private jet. Jacqueline’s energy for success increasing with desire to carry out her plan as the limo takes her home. 
Upon her driving the massive gate at the entrance of the mansion estate, she reaches her inhuman drive for success, an uncanny focus to accomplish a goal, and an inhuman energy for being ruthless for what she desires. What she desires is to convince her Mother to support her. She is going to be ruthless with Richard to get him out of the way no matter the cost to herself. The limo stops in front of the mansion entrance. Jacqueline steps out of the limo as the mansion staff open her door. Jacqueline grins as she feels she is ready to take on the daunting task ahead of her.
Jacqueline is greeted with grand fanfare from the wonderful persons she has not seen in a while. Mansion staff accompany her to the mansion. There is more fanfare when she steps into the grand entrance of her home. Some of the mansion staff take her luggage to her room. It is a joy for Jacqueline to see the mansion staff she had grown close to throughout the years. 
They exchange hugs and express. 
“Wonderful to see you, Ms. Jacqueline.” 
“You are missed.” 
“How long you stay?” 
Jacqueline looking at all of them standing there and answering, “I’m not staying long, I’ll be leaving after the fundraiser. 
I do miss all of you.” 
As they continue walking down a hallway, she receives hugs from some more staff members. 
One staff member asks, “How long you stay Miss Jacqueline?” 
Jacqueline responds to all of them.  “I’m here only for the fundraiser, then I head back.” 
The mansion staff express with a little sadness in their tone.
“Pity you cannot stay longer.” 
“Yes, pity you have such a short visit, we miss you so.” 
As Jacqueline is guided to a specific room, one of the staff voices, “As requested, your Mother is in here waiting for you.” 
The mansions staff open huge doors to a massive salon. Jacqueline steps inside. She sees her Mother sitting. Jacqueline approaches her Mother. Their eyes connect. 
Jacqueline speaks first, “Good to see you, Mother.” 
Monica sets some documents she had been reading aside. She faces Jacqueline and gets up from her comfortable couch. She waits to greet Jacqueline upon Jacqueline’s walking then standing in front of Monica.
Monica gives Jacqueline a once over checking out her daughter approvingly, “Glad you could come if only for a short while.” 
Monica then smiles happily at Jacqueline. “Now to business.” 
Monica reaches down and retrieves some documents. “Here is the printout of the fundraiser strategy. The focus is to influence this group of persons.” 
Monica points to names then looks up a Jacqueline, “Learn those names well. Much like you have done in the past. Engage, guide, and convince them like you do so well into the strategy we have laid out before you. 
Go ahead and take this document to your room. Freshen up and come down for supper. Any questions?” 
Jacqueline staying calm, “No, Mother. I will head up to my room and read up on the strategy for the fundraiser.” 
As Jacqueline steps away from her Mother, she pauses in her steps and does a U-turn to face Monica. “Well, there is one question, though. Will there be any guests joining us for supper?” 
Monica sitting back down and retrieving her documents, “Just the two of us with Richard. This will give us a chance to talk out our strategy and be ready for tomorrow,”
As Jacqueline turns and is leaving the salon, she turns her head slightly to voice over her shoulder. “Very well Mother, I will be at supper at the regular time.” 
It occurs to Jacqueline as she is heading to her room, Mother was genuinely pleased to see me. On the other hand, Mother has become more of a business strategist when we talk. How come our Mother and daughter conversations can’t be like Tina and her Mother? Oh, well, not important at this time.  
Jacqueline strolls to her room, opens her door, walks inside, kicks off her shoes, gets comfortable in one of her large plush chairs. She feels the enjoyable safety and memories of her room. Jacqueline picks up and carefully reads the provided documents.
After a while, she takes notice of the time. She gets up from her comfortable seating as she places her documents down on the magnificent table. She gets undressed till naked. She takes a quick shower, dries herself, freshens up her make up. She goes through her bags and pulls out sexy black lace panties. She does without a bra. Jacqueline slides into her black designer high heel shoes. She slips on her Brandon Maxwell open-halter back-stand-collar midi dress. 
As she studies herself in the mirror, Damn, I look good enough to get what I need from Richard.
Jacqueline then becomes a little alarmed about whether she has built up the necessary energy for what she must do next. Jacqueline dismisses this emotional alarm, I will take control of what happens tonight between Richard and me. I have used his and my Mother’s strategies for years with others. Tonight, Richard is my target and Mother is my prize. 
With that drive for the prize in mind, she saunters out of her room as Jaqueline controls every fiber of her existence from collapsing into an emotional mess.
Upon Jacqueline entering the dining hall, Richard is their waiting already seated. He does a double take upon seeing Jacqueline. His eyes lustfully scanning every curve of her body as Jacqueline approaches him. 
Jacqueline is genuinely pleased in her greeting of her disgusting stepfather. She is pleased with how she is holding out to set her plan into play. “Good to see you, Richard.” 
Jacqueline thinks Pleased at a very twisted level that you will be mine to control. 
She comes out of her thought as she focuses on Richard. “Mother has gone over the strategy with me and provided me with documents to read. I caught up on the major areas to hit. What are your thoughts if…” 
She saunters next to Richard as Jacqueline brings the paperwork she has in her hands from behind her back. She goes about pointing to a group of names on the document while pressing her body up against Richard.
While rubbing her breast against Richard’s shoulder, Jacqueline continues. “…I engage this group from a medical perspective to have them reach agreement into what you and Mother are striving to accomplish.” 
Inches from his face, she turns to face Richard. She can feel Richard’s warm breath against her face. Jacqueline can tell that Richard is caught off guard in his lustful gawking of her. She can tell he is aroused by feeling her body pressed up against him and breast rubbed against him. He is further aroused by her talk of business. His breathing quickens.
Richard trying to speak normally while highly aroused. “Jacqueline, you amaze me. We will have to talk more about this when your Mother joins us.” 
As if right on cue, Monica arrives. Jacqueline slowly removes herself from pressing her body onto Richard. All three go about situating themselves in their designated areas as they had for years. The servants begin serving the delicious meal of seafood platter which offers a fish filet and oysters, everything is cooked and presented to perfection. 
As the three begin their meal, Richard brings up voicing to Monica, “Jacqueline has presented an idea that we should talk about for tomorrow’s fundraiser.” 
“Really?” Monica calmly responds while looking at Jacqueline’s manner of dress and Richard’s hard breathing. “Well, let’s discuss it. Tell me about it.” 
Richard goes on to describe to Monica his talks with Jacqueline. He informs that he likes what Jacqueline proposes and that he finds merit in her ideas. Monica cautiously nods her head in understanding and continues to listen to what Richard has to say. 
While they talk business, the staff bring in the rest of the meal including scallops, shrimp. and two sides. Delicious wine is served. The three continue with talks of business strategies with Richard constantly gawking at Jacqueline. Staff clear plates and silverware. They refill empty glasses of wine, while the three of them continue with formulating of business strategies for the fundraiser. 
As the three continue to converse, Jacqueline’s confidence is racking up more, Come on energy, keep it up, we’ve got matters going where I want it! 
The business topics slowly switches to Jacqueline’s friend.
“How’s Tina?” asks Richard. 
Jacqueline with a matter of fact response, “She’s doing well. Her parents are trying to convince her to go with them to Germany for some type of a family function.” 
As Jacqueline is being served desert, she looks over to Monica, “Mother, how is your group of friends?” 
Monica faces Jacqueline with an air of dignity. “The women are well. We have exciting plans for future causes and fundraisers.” 
Jacqueline replies, That’s good.”
She goes about facing her stepfather, “Richard, how is it going with your business associates. Any stories of times with exotic visits or of exotic women?” 
Monica glances a surprised expression at Jacqueline then at Richard. Richard notices Monica give a slight look of disgust verifying what she knows of Richard and his having sex with various women while on business trips. 
But, Richard still responds. “It’s difficult sometimes to keep those guys on track for what really counts. But I believe it is going well. I have been to some interesting places and enjoyed myself.” 
Richard guides the conversations flow into more comfortable social circle elite happenings, more business talks, and life on the mansion estate. The dessert plates are cleared, and glasses of wine are refilled. 
Richard faces Jacqueline and questions, “Jacqueline, what’s next for you?” 
Jacqueline has enough of her stepfather’s gifts to not fall into a false sense of security when answering him. “I plan to finish off my medical requirements on time. I am setting my sights on a specialization that I believe I like. I am very sure I will be successful in the specialization.” 
Richard gawking at Jacqueline’s exposed breast somewhat licking his lips, “You’re one smart girl. I think you can do whatever you set your mind to.” 
Monica not saying anything about Richard’s sexual lusting of her daughter. “Yes, Jacqueline, I also believe you can succeed, and overcome any barriers to get what you desire. No matter how disgustingly hard.” 
Did Mother just give me a major supportive boost? “Thank you, Mother, I appreciate that.” Jacqueline nods to Monica with a slight grin. 
In fact, Jacqueline now feels surprisingly highly-energized considering that at any moment she can became an emotionally incompetent mess. Since her talk with Tina, the Dream Oracle message, and her high drive to succeed not matter the cost, Jacqueline has clarity, she has purpose, and she has a plan. 
I hope that my wonderful friend’s plan is falling into place as I continue with mine. 
Jacqueline is now fixated upon carrying out her plan as supper is winding down. Got to get Richard alone with me.
Jacqueline faces Monica, “Mother, do you mind if I steal Richard away for a while? I have some important matters to discuss with him.” 
Monica showing no surprise while she gazes into Jacqueline’s eyes, “Of course dear, go right ahead. You can do as you wish.” 
Jacqueline can see out of the corner of her eyes Richard has given a slight indication that he is caught off guard by the request to her Mother. 
Using her bedroom eyes, Jacqueline then gazes Richard straight into his eyes “You ready?” 
Richard awkwardly responds as he positions himself to rise. “Sure.” 
He awkwardly raises himself from the head of the table, “Monica,” bowing his head slightly to excuse himself from her. 
“Richard,” Monica returning the slight head bow acknowledging the exit. 
Jacqueline notices a faint distressed hurt look from her Mother when she slight turns to face Jacqueline and do slight head bow.
Jacqueline turns her attention to Richard and reaches out her hand toward him. Richard takes her invitation. They both exit in silence. Jacqueline had deliberated the place where her plan would be executed. She has the perfect place for her plan. 
Jacqueline strolls with Richard hand in hand leading him toward one of the places they had frequented in the past. Jacqueline can tell there is some distrust by Richard about what she is doing leading him on like this. 
Jacqueline decides to play to his ego. She voices, “You know Richard. I have in a sick angry way been desiring you. I have found no man that can pleasure me to orgasm like you. I’ve not had the pleasure of an orgasm in a long time. Don’t get me wrong. I hate your guts because I can’t live without the way you make my body feel. I’m yours to command.” 
Yuk!!! There is a lot of truth in what I just said to him!!! Jacqueline with her bedroom eyes and seductive smile at Richard.
Richard lets his guard down, smiles wolfishly at Jacqueline. “I’m glad you realize only I can satisfy you like no other man. I’m glad you know your place in being mine. Mine to meet my needs.” 
Jacqueline is satisfied she has hooked Richard into her plan. Jacqueline and Richard continue strolling in the silence. Jacqueline can hear Richard’s breathing quickening as she guides him to the massively beautiful custom pool in the back of the mansion. His breathing becomes more pronounced as they near the gazebo next to the pool…a place they had frequented for sex in the past. 
As she guides their entrance into the gazebo, Jacqueline seductively, slowly slips out of her black dress as Richard caresses and kisses her body pleasurably. She teasingly slides her black lace panties over her hips. She moves her hips and legs enticingly allowing gravity to claim her panties. She steps out of her panties. 
Now naked except for her high heal black designer shoes, Jacqueline proceeds to push Richard up against the Gazebo wall to remove Richard’s pants and underwear. As she is coming up, Jacqueline grabs his growing penis and balls and sucks them. 
He quickly strips out of his designer Armani shirt. He moans pleasurably at Jacqueline sucking his penis and balls. She suddenly stops her sucking of him. She rises. The way she moves Richard around is rough. She grabs him hard. She pushes him hard up against the gazebo wall. She holds his hands above his head. She goes for hard erotic tongue kissing. After several moments, Jacqueline releases him. He is catching his breath from the experience.
She allows him to lead the situation where he had so many times before. Richard is taken aback at first by her control, but, he likes Jacqueline this way. He is tossing his tightly clasped shirt in hand into the pile of clothes started by Jacqueline. 
Naked, he moves his hands pleasurably over her body. Richard pleasuring her as he has so many times before. Jacqueline hating herself for feeling so aroused with vaginal juices flowing. She moves her body into a submissive position. She lays flat on her back in the location of the Gazebo floor as so many times before. She opens her legs wide, bends her knees, and points her toes forward in their designer shoes. He is moving his naked fit body on top of her naked body to be in the ‘69’ sex position. His pulsating ever growing penis in front of her face by now. She licks and sucks his cock till it is larger and rock hard. She massages his balls to pleasure him. 
Richard’s tongue and fingers between her vaginal lips and clitoris creating faint sparks of orgasmic pleasure. She uses her tongue and throat muscles vigorously to send Richard into body trembling pleasure. Jacqueline increases the vigorous stimulation of Richard’s penis. He stops pleasuring her for a few seconds as he exhales a moan of building up to an orgasm as Jacqueline takes his body to a place of sexual ecstasy. He recovers after several seconds of breathing hard.
Richard increases his tongue and fingers stimulation of Jacqueline’s vaginal area and clitoris. They are animals in the primal manner they pleasure each other to a threshold of several orgasms. Jacqueline filled with quietly screaming, controlled moaning, and body trembling orgasms. 
When finished with their orgasms, Richard is breathing heavily on top of Jacqueline. He removes his soft penis from inside her mouth when he lifts his body off her. Jacqueline moving her head to the side and using her neck muscles and tongue to push his massive load of cum to flow out her mouth. 
She is counting on Richard’s next action, I hope he secretly slips away from the gazebo and leaves the estate as he has done before. 
Jacqueline sighs relief internally when he behaves as so many times before. His pattern burned into her memory. After he removes himself from on top of her, he dresses quickly. Jacqueline laying her naked curvaceous body on her side with her arm holding up her head while facing Richard. As she watches him dress Jacqueline wiping his cum from her around her lips and flipping it off her fingers to the side. 
Richard expresses to her while dressing. “I missed you so much. This has to be one of the best times I’ve had with you. Now wait till I leave and go a different way, to not ‘rouse suspicion.’ I will be back home in three hours.” 
She nods in silence as Jacqueline, however, has no intention of following her routine of the past. 
She stays in the gazebo laying naked on her side upon Richard’s departure. So far so good! I’m still calm and in control. Now for the next part of the plan. 
A disturbing thought comes to her as she slowly rises from her laying on the Gazebo floor. What stops him from penetrating inside my vagina with his cock and banging my brains out? Does it matter? No! 
Jacqueline slips off her designer shoes, she saunters naked out of the gazebo. Jacqueline makes her way to their massive luxurious pool. She dives into the pool. Jacqueline proceeds to do several rigorous laps in the giant pool naked.
Jacqueline pushes herself hard while doing her laps in the pool. She decides her body feels relieved from the messed-up experience with Richard. Jacqueline leaves the pool. She saunters back water dripping naked inside the Gazebo. As in the past, fluffy towels are available to her. Jacqueline dries herself with the provided towels in the gazebo as she prepares herself to meet up with her Mother. She finishes drying herself. She slides her black lace panties in place. She slips her black designer shoes onto her feet. She picks up her designer dress from the gazebo floor.
As Jacqueline is finishing securing her black Brandon Maxwell halter top, a thought comes to her, I did it. Now that Richard is away, I’m ready to talk with Mother. 
Dressed, and with her hair somewhat wet, she saunters purposefully back to her home. This is something Richard will not have a clue about. I am not going into one of my regular hiding places of the past to put myself together. 
As she enters her home, Jacqueline queries one of the servants going by, “Have you seen my Mother?” 
He states, “Yes Miss Jacqueline. I saw her last in the west wing library.” 
“Thank you.” She responds as she sees him goes on his way.
Jacqueline proceeds to the west wing of the mansion. 
She is filled with joy when Jacqueline finds her Mother where the servant had stated. Her Mother’s eyes widen while she scans Jacqueline from wet hair to designer shoes. 
Jacqueline states, “Well Mom, you seem surprised to see me." 
As Jaqueline strolls into the library toward Monica, she holds her breath a little not knowing how their conversation is going to unfold. As she advances closer to her Mother, Monica is continuing to carefully stare over every part of Jacqueline’s body and expression. 
When contemplating Jacqueline approaching, Monica mentions, “I see you have been swimming. Maybe you had some time in the gazebo before your swim?” 
A hint from Mother that she knows what occurs at the gazebo? “Yes, I have been swimming near the gazebo.” Jacqueline offers. 
Jacqueline can tell from minor nonverbal hints that her Mother is about to convey an awareness.
Monica faces Jacqueline. “Richard said he had to leave for some business and would not be back for several hours. This seems to happen every time the both of you are alone near the area of the gazebo.” 
Mom is hinting that she knew what has occurred. Jacqueline takes this chance to engage her Mother with the subject of her time with Richard.
Jacqueline decides to bring talking with Tina as a way to guide the conversations where she wants it to go. “Yes, that does happen with Richard and me. You know, Mom…Richard was a subject of conversation between Tina and me during one of our recent times together.” 
Mother conveys, “I’m glad you have such a good close friend in Tina. How’s Tina doing? How’s Tina’s studies?” 
Jacqueline states, “Tina is doing well in law school. It’s tough, but she is getting there.” 
Monica continues, “Any serious suitors who Tina approves of?” 
Jacqueline informs, “None that she has mentioned. She is enjoying going from one relationship to another as each has some pleasing value for her.” 
Monica voices, “That’s nice to have that option of boys. How is she overall?” 
Jacqueline divulges, “Overall, Tina is healthy, driven to get what she wants in life.” 
Monica offers, “I had a short visit with her Mother Adala at a social function not too long ago. She said that they were going to Germany on family business and fun time. But, that Tina was not going with them.” 
Jacqueline nodding her head acknowledges, “That’s correct. Tina and I talked just about that during one of our times. She would have really liked to go. But, she told me she has other things on her plate that she thought were important enough to take care of.” 
Jacqueline, pouts her lips. I brought up Richard and we are talking about Tina. This conversation is going so off track. 
During this little pause in their conversation, Jacqueline shakes her head a little. With focus in her eyes, she strategically guides her Mother to the next topic of attention. “So, yes! Tina and her family are doing well. Yes, Tina is a great friend.” 
Jacqueline voices while maintaining eye contact, “She has been a great help to me with a troublesome situation that has been bothering me quite a bit.” 
Her Mother Monica offers, “Nothing serious I hope my dear.” 
Jacqueline facing her Mother with a deep penetrating gaze. “Serious enough. Tina was able to provide me with a website to help with a recurring problem of mine.”
Monica’s eyebrows raise a little as she inquires, “Really, a website? What is your recurring problem?” 
Jacqueline discloses, “Well Mom, I have been having recurring dreams, more like nightmares. They have been really bad and are disrupting my life in a major way. Life threatening even. But, I get ahead of myself. 
Tina offered me a website to possibly help me deal with these nightmares as we talked during one of our lunches together in Boston. She was concerned that these nightmares had been messing me up…stopping me from going on with my life and putting me in danger by not addressing them.” 
Monica scoffs, “A website being able to help you? With dreams, none the less. Well that’s ridiculous. We have the best doctors available to the family. This option of yours is senseless.” 
Jacqueline allows her Mother this statement without countering her. 
Jacqueline continues, “Well Mom, I was having a lot of trouble with recurring nightmares. I submitted my nightmare to this website called the Dream Oracle. The Dream Oracle provided interpretations to the symbols in my dream.” 
Monica made known her dislike “Dream symbol meanings…? What meaning could dreams have for real life? This sounds more like an entertainment scam than real help.” 
Jacqueline not swayed by her Mother’s resistance, “The Dream Oracle provides the dream symbol interpretations of real life events.” 
Monica cuts her off, “This seems like a ridiculous waste of effort.” 
Then in an off-tangent manner Monica puts control back into Jacqueline’s court, “How does any of this Dream Oracle stuff involve Richard as a topic in conversation with Tina?” 
Great opening or is it on purpose? Mother doesn’t miss a thing. Jacqueline acknowledges, “I’m getting to that part. Let’s start with the nightmare first and then go with what the symbols mean.” 
Jacqueline takes a deep breath to gather strength. She goes on “I will share my dream…my nightmare which is very personal to me. So, I want your support through this.” 
Monica quietly nods her head in a ‘Yes’ fashion as she endorses Jacqueline’s plan of action.
Jacqueline with narrowed eyes and lowered eyebrows, Brace yourself for what happens next. “I want to hear it from your lips Mom. Do I have your support with what I’m about to share?” 
A tense silent pause of both gazing into each other’s eyes then Monica voices, “Of course dear. You have my support for what you need.” 
Jacqueline contains her excitement of getting this much from Monica. She proceeds strategically with her next disclosures. “First, I’m going to tell you about my dream…nightmare. A little girl of about thirteen years of age is out in the ocean of turbulent waves… 
Mom is still interested, not interrupting. 
…It is darkening around the little girl. She fears for her safety since she is on a makeshift rickety wooden raft.” 
Monica interrupts, “How big is the raft in this dream? Did she make it or did she just find it somewhere?” 
Jacqueline clarifies, “My dream just has her on a rickety raft. Nothing about how she came to be on it or how she came into possession of it. She is just on one it where the turbulent ocean waves toss the little girl around on the raft. 
So, back to the dream. Several times she is tossed around getting close to falling into the ocean but holds onto anything she can grab onto on the raft. 
During one of the times on the turbulent ocean, she is tossed to the edge of the raft while holding onto the pieces of wood of the raft at the last moment. While her head hangs over the side, she can see down and with freezing fear what looks like a massive dark shadow. 
Her fear gets magnified when she recognizes the massive dark shadow under her is that of an enormous shark. She keeps watching in frozen fear as the shark continues circling under her raft...”
Mother is still interested, keep going. 
“…Suddenly, there is a splash of ocean all over her, blinding her, and drenching her to the bone with freezing cold water. 
Next thing, she is in the ocean, she’s dragged beneath the surface. She’s painfully aware of the shark tearing into her lower body then releasing her. She comes up gasping for air. She pounds the shark on the nose with her fist but feels doomed as she is face to face with the massive predator.” 
Monic interjects, “That’s frightening, Jacqueline, what happens next?” 
Jacqueline reflects, Mother is interested! 
“Then the dream switches to where she is alive and crawling onto a beach. When she drags herself out of the ocean onto the beach, she is covered with blood and barely alive. The beach starts swarming with dark figures. More fear. She then makes out these dark figures to be seaweed. There is some relief, but this relief is short lived. The seaweeds splash over her body’s thighs, what is left of them, her torso, her breast, and her neck. The seaweeds feel cold and horrible. She struggles to get them off her, but to no avail.” 
Jacqueline is pleased, Mother is still quite interested. I will continue. 
“Every time after this dream, I wake up breathing hard and very frightened.” 
Monica sits staring into Jacqueline’s eyes in silence for a few seconds before responding, “That is a horrible nightmare, Jacqueline. You say this dream…nightmare keeps coming back to you over and over?” 
Jacqueline declares, “Yes, over some time now, and even to the present.” 
Monica questions, “So what does this mean about your life? Is there really any meaning to what is in your nightmare? To me it’s just a nightmare about the tough times you are having in your life. Maybe about your medical rotations.” 
Jacqueline offers, “The first time I had received a message from the Dream Oracle, I avoided reading the dream interpretation message. I had not wanted to read the message when it arrived because I knew somewhere in the unconscious areas of my mind about the Dream Oracle message might tell me something I did not want to know. Something very terrible. I finally opened the Dream Oracle’s message with the insistence and support of Tina. I did get confirmation from the symbols in my nightmare telling me about a most terrible thing in my life that I had blocked out.” 
Monica interrupts, “Tina, she is such a great friend, honey.” 
Jacqueline, “Yes, she is. 
Now, I want to highlight certain parts of the symbols and the interpretation.” 
“Why only certain parts?” interjects Monica. 
Jacqueline, “I want to highlight the major symbols and their meaning so that you will know what it means for me in real life.”
“I get it honey, continue,” conveys Monica. 
Jacqueline reveals, “The dream symbols are suggestive of major changes in my life. The symbol of water, the ocean in my dream, is my symbol of the major changes in my life. The ocean is turbulent. This means that I am in major turmoil as I experience these changes.” 
Monica interrupts, “So far your nightmare still points to your current hard work in the medical rotation.” 
Jacqueline offers Monica, “At first, I also thought it could have meant my hard work at the medical rotations, except for the next part of the interpretation. That other part of my dream is that I am feeling ill-equipped to handle these major life changes as symbolized by the rickety wooden raft. 
I’m sure you and Richard keep up with how I am doing in my medical rotations. You know I’m as successful now as I have been in my other academic challenges. No, not my medical rotation because the symbol of the raft is to something else. 
Something else is I do not feel in control. My navigation through these major life changes is a Herculean challenge for me. Very little about the dream symbol of the watercraft suggests that I am navigating through my major life changes feeling safe. 
The other part that defines this nightmare, I feel safe in my rotations. My nightmare is about something I don’t feel safe about. The fact that the dream symbols tell me I am fearful about the dangers awaiting me in these life changes do not suggest my medical rotations. I do not feel danger or fear in my rotations. Sure, they are tough, but not fear inducing. So, it must be something else. 
I went through my memories of life events starting at when I can remember as a little girl to the present, to make sense of this nightmare. I searched my memories to make sense of the dream symbols and to discover clues about my feeling fearful and about being in danger. Those clues guided me to when I was 13 years of age.” 
“Now how can there be any credibility to linking real life fear and danger at 13 years of age with a nightmare?” challenges Monica. 
Jacqueline counters “Because the dream symbols for fear and danger of a teenager at 13 on the raft coincide with my real-life fear and danger at that age. Something major changed for me at 13. Some life event which traumatized my body.” 
Silence from Monica before Jacqueline says, “Next, the dream symbols indicate a violation by a powerful figure close to me symbolized by the shark splashing me with ocean water and then tearing into my lower torso. The violation symbols continue for me as the 13-year-old in the dream somehow makes it to the beach alive and seaweeds end up throughout intimate areas of her body. Seaweeds that cannot be removed.” 
Jacqueline pauses at this point, No challenges from Mother then continue I shall.
 “These dream symbols are suggestive of surviving a powerful figure’s sexual violations starting at age 13 to the present and feeling unclean afterward.” 
Mother what is that expression on your face? Recognition? Anger? Knowing all these years what Richard was doing to me? If you knew, why did you do nothing to stop it? 
Anger, and a flurry of thoughts are creeping up to take over Jacqueline. She subdues her turbulence Get a grip, Jacqueline, and get back in control. 
“Go on,” Monica breaks into the long pause of silence between them. 
Jacqueline continues, “Recently, my unconscious is bringing these issues of violation through symbols in my dreams. It means that I am ready to face the issues of the sexual violations from the shark.” 
Monica opens her mouth to speak, but Jacqueline interrupts her. “There is more to this. There is blood in my dream, and the blood is red.” 
Monica conveys, “Of course blood is red, honey. So silly.” 
Jacqueline assertively: “Except that, as a dream symbol, the red blood in my dream is for anger, violence, death, or other life-threatening experiences.” 
Silence from her Mother and a pressing of lips with her eyes narrowed 
Monica opens her lips while leaning forward. “What has happened recently in your life that is triggering these symbols?” 
Jacqueline straightens herself and makes eye contact with her Mother. “I’m at a point in my life to be free of the shark. 
The last part of the message regarding my symbols, is I cannot free myself from the shark alone. My symbols suggest I can no longer bury the sexual violation memories from the shark. My symbols suggest there is a person or persons whom I will need to include in my life in order to be free of the shark.” 
A purposeful strategic penetrating look by Jacqueline into her Mother’s eyes. “I thought that one of those persons to help me can be you, Mom.” 
A silent reflective almost controlled feel from Monica, but no response. 
Jacqueline continues, “Lastly, my dream symbols suggest I’m at a crossroads in making major decisions for my life which are hindered by the sexual violation crippling me since I was13 years of age. If I can’t get help to resolve this, I will eventually end up killing myself.” 
Monica reveal nothing in her eyes or body to Jacqueline as to where the conversation will go next. There is silence between them for several moments as they stare at each other. 
Monica breaks the tension when she repeats as before, “Why now with these troubling life threatening moments?” 
Jacqueline figures out her Mother’s hidden request. “I believe I’m at a point in my life to be strong enough to realistically leave the situation in which I find myself with the shark.” 
Another reflective pause from Monica before she voices, “What do you suppose is needed from the person or persons in your life to support you in this move?” 
Jacqueline risks, “Tina is trying to find information about the shark to leverage against him so that he will leave the girl on the raft alone.” 
Monica is silent for several more moments staring off into the direction of one of the well-decorated walls. Monica returns her gaze to Jacqueline. 

Monica gives off a confidence that Jacqueline admires about her Mother. 
Engaging Jacqueline with a confidence and strength Monica is famous for. “Have Tina contact me.” 
Monica reaches over to a large book. She opens her novel, then returns to reading. Jacqueline takes it as her clue to silently excuse herself in leaving the library. 
Upon her leaving the library, Jacqueline begins sorting all which has just happened for meaning and concludes: She is going to help me! I have Mother’s support! She gave me clues at the beginning of our talk about her knowing what happens between Richard and me. I offered what Tina is doing. She wants me to contact Tina! I must keep all which has happened secret from Richard. I love you and hate you Mother all at once. 
Why haven’t you done anything all these years to stop Richard if you knew what he was doing to me!!! 
Jacqueline saunters to her room, opens her door, slides off her designer’s shoes, slips out of her black dress, slides down her vaginal juiced black lace panties. Jaqueline goes through her just put away clothes. She finds what she likes. Jacqueline changes into a T-shirt and shorts workout outfit. She slides on and ties the laces of her work out shoes.
She makes it to their home’s well equipped exercise area. She rigorously works out till her body can take it no more. She returns to her room revitalized. She leaves a trail of her workout shoes, socks, and clothes on the floor. She begins her shower, as she turns away from the shower, she is stopped by her reflection in the large mirror in the bathroom She stares at herself naked in front of her large beautiful mirror over the large marble sinks and beautifully crafted cabinets. 
She says to herself. “You did well in trapping Richard and getting Mother’s support.” 
Jacqueline turns her attention to the shower as she tests the water. She approves of the temperature of the water. She enters and lets the water refreshingly cascade over her as she cleanses her naked body with scented soaps. When cleansed, and soaps rinsed off, she turns off the water after a refreshing shower. She walks out of the shower and grabs some fluffy towels, dries herself, tosses her wet towels on the plush carpet. 
Jacqueline, changes into her favorite camisole. She slides under her designer bedsheets into her very comfortable bed. She stares at the ceiling clearing her mind. After several moments, smiling to herself at her victory in gaining her Mother’s support she turns off her bed stand light. She falls asleep before she knows it then dreams during the night.

Chapter 14: Fundraiser 
The Hamptons. 
Jacqueline wakes the next day refreshed to attend the fundraising event. It is a beautiful day. When she steps out all dressed for the occasion of the fundraiser, mansion staff inform Jacqueline “Your parents have already left for the fundraiser event. The event is being held at the marina on one of the family’s largest and most prestigious yachts, the Cool Wave.” 
Jacqueline waving to the staff as she makes her way to the waiting limo, “Thank you, I hope the limo has already been brought around.” 
The mansion staff nods her head and heads out immediately. Jacqueline slowly makes it to the front of the mansion entrance in showing off her colorful Eliza J Print chiffon halter maxi dress finished with coordinated designer sandals. The limo is arriving for her as she steps outside of the mansion. The limo driver gets out of his driver’s seat and makes it to open then hold the door open. 
Jacqueline enters the limo and settles herself inside the plush leather seat. Jacqueline is driven by limo to meet up with Monica and Richard for breakfast at the marina. 
The limo drops her off where staff are waiting for her. Staff guide Jacqueline to where Monica and Richard are seated at the marina. Soon, Jacqueline see that Richard looks dashing in his Versace Polo shirt covered in a metallic Camo Jacquard jacket with Selvedge jeans 
“Good morning, Jacqueline.” Richard with his beaming smile.
“Good morning, Richard.” Jaqueline gazes into his eyes with no hint of what had occurred last night between them in the gazebo. 
Jacqueline is taken away from looking at Richard by her Mother’s greeting, “Sleep well, honey?” 
Jacqueline facing and looking at her Mother’s outfit of ivory Heather design chiffon halter gown finished off in coordinated designer sandals. “I did, Mom. Thank you.” 
“Good, we are here for a successful fundraiser…” starts Richard. “Let’s go over the last specifics of each one’s roles and strategies today one more time.” 
Richard had taken some of Jacqueline’s ideas from the dinner conversations of last night and is incorporating her medical area into the strategies. 
As Jacqueline listens to Richard her thoughts are about last night: Well Richard, nothing about the gazebo. Nothing about Mother’s private conversation in the library with me. 
As the conversations continue, Jacqueline picks up on the highlights of the fundraiser event. So, the event is for Mother’s interest in the environment. Especially saving the exotic endangered vegetation of jungles throughout the world. 
Richard explains, “Your Mother’s campaign for the jungles’ exotic vegetation has been supported by pharmaceutical companies. She ingeniously found a way to endorse the exotic plants’ contributions to pharmaceutical advances. These advances can pay off beyond anyone’s expectations. All parties will win including the environmentalist, the pharmaceutical companies, and our family business.” 
Richard looks at Jacqueline, “You still on track with the persons you need to talk to regarding the pharmaceutical strategies?” 
Jacqueline looking at Richard replies with a firm, “Yes.” 
She feels it is different this time with Monica and Richard as she is included in the business strategy. 
Richard facing Monica, “Alright, that leaves you, Monica, with the environmentalist, and myself with the business associates of the family. Any last thoughts?” 
There is silent agreement between the three. With that, Jacqueline, Monica, and Richard enjoy the breakfast making only comments about the meal of eggs, bacon with the oats pancakes and the torta-rican wrap being excellent. Coffee and juices made to perfection were drank.  When finished, Monica and Richard excuse themselves from breakfast. Jacqueline follows excusing herself from the breakfast and heads out to her area of meeting people for her part of the strategy. 
As the fundraiser event progresses, strategies and roles are played out exceptionally well by Jacqueline, Monica, and Richard. The event is a huge success. 
At the end of the event, Monica is honored with high praises from many including her husband, “I am fortunate to have such a partner as Monica! She’s the reason this all went well.” 
Monica also contributes. “I wish to acknowledge the major support from Richard where all this could not have been possible.” 
Then arm extended in Jaqueline’s direction, Monica voices. “Our daughter Jacqueline’s contribution to this success is also appreciated and who took time from her busy schedule to join us.” 
Yes, they are one powerful business team, Jacqueline surmises. 
Before long the event is winding down. Monica and Richard are still having meet-and-greets to follow up with matters to discuss. Jacqueline has done her part to mix among the invited. Her next move is to see if Monica and Richard could be located and bid each a quick farewell. 
She finds Richard first, who spots her walking over to him. “Hey there Jacqueline. You heading out?” 
Jacqueline makes it over to Richard. He voices, “Glad you made it, this worked well with you in the mix.” 
Jacqueline, “Thank you Richard. Yes, I’m heading out. I have quite a lot waiting for me.” 
Jacqueline catches something in Richard that surprises her. He seems to almost threaten in a lustful manner, “Until next time. You’ll not be gone from me for this long.” 
No response from Jacqueline. She turns and saunters away. 
Jacqueline thinking to herself, Not if I can help it there being a next time Richard. 
A quick wave of hands and head nods to those invited as Jaqueline passes them. She locates her Mother next by asking staff. 
She finds her Mother. Jacqueline bids her, “I’m off, Mom. Congratulations, and I appreciated your time.” 
Monica with a gleam in her eyes “I also enjoyed our time. Be careful, and I hope Tina will keep in touch with you.” 
Jacqueline and Monica exchange a slight hug and kisses on the cheek between them. They gaze into each other’s eyes knowing they are about to start something very dangerous against Richard. Jacqueline departs her Mother’s company. She locates her limo. The limo driver opens her door. She enters the limo and settles herself inside. 
The limo returns her to her mansion estate. Jacqueline walks into the mansion, goes to her room, changes her outfit. She goes about to finish packing her last few items into her traveling bags. A staff person takes her packed bags to the limo. Jacqueline bids several staff farewell as she is departing her home. 
As Jacqueline is entering the limo, it dawns on her, I pulled it off! I did it! I’m sure there will be Hell to pay later. But, I did it!!!
Jacqueline can’t wait long while being driven down the road from the estate before messaging Tina to update her on what has occurred on the visit. She gives Tina highlights of the visit, ‘Fundraiser a success. Talked to Mom. She said to have you contact her.’ 
She avoids informing Tina about Jacqueline’s stepfather’s actions in the gazebo. Instead, she highlights parts of her conversation with her Mother, ‘Talked to Mom about my dream. What the dream symbols meant. How I needed support. That’s when she offered to set up a meeting with you. All this done when Richard was away on business for several hours.’ 
Jacqueline finishes and is excitedly curious about what Tina thinks about her Mother’s offer to connect with Tina. After several moments, Jacqueline’s messaging device goes off. 
Jacqueline reads Tina messages back with enthusiasm spilling over her messages. ‘I am thrilled the trip home went so well. I found my best friend.’ 
Being careful not to reveal anything that would give away their plan in her messages, Tina continues, ‘Met with our family’s friend. The meeting went very well. All I need is to give details of my needs and those will be carried out. I will update our family friend on your family’s support.’ 
The message confirms for Jacqueline that Tina is going to coordinate with Monica and Tina’s person who can help for a secret meeting to take place. 
Tina continues with hidden meanings among her other messages, ‘I promised our family friend that I would be very careful with the trips that would be planned out. It was mentioned by the family friend that there would be great thrills where caution is needed to be part of the planning. This will ensure that all persons involved on this trip will be kept safe.’ 
Jacqueline takes the messages’ meaning that there is danger involved and steps will be taken to protect all those involved in the plan. Jacqueline thinks those who would need protection include Monica, Tina, Charles, and herself. She can’t think of any other persons who may be in danger.
Tina, in her messaging, also promises a meeting when she lands in Boston, ‘Meet you at the regular jet hangar, at about nine?’ 
‘Yes.’ messages Jacqueline back. With that, a final message is sent ‘Love you dear friend.’ 
Tina messages back, ‘Love you back.’ 
Jacqueline, with hopeful enthusiasm, continues onward to her waiting private jet deep in thought about how Tina’s plan is going to play out and what can go wrong. She is deep in thought till the limo arrives at the private jet waiting in the hanger. Her door of the limo is opened. Jacqueline steps out and saunters to the private jet. She is greeted by staff. The limo driver unloads her bags from the limo. The private jet staff take her bags from limo driver. The limo driver enters his vehicle and drives away. 
Jacqueline goes up the ramp steps. She enters the jet, settles herself in one of the very plush and comfortable seats. The private jet takes off. She is flown to her Boston destination. 
****
Carol, at age 14, is already plotting how to advance herself in power and wealth through calculated deaths of rich and powerful men. She knows she has been gifted at a young age with the means to trap men. She uses her ink black long hair flowing over her shoulders as a prop for men to notice her and use it when having sex. Carol’s honey sweet lips alluring when she summons men to her deadly trap. She pours her hour glass figure into painted on designer dresses such as from Armani, highlighting her dangerous curves of hips and large round breast. Her amazing legs, Carol uses for getting men’s attention. She has been practicing using all her body for homing in her craft for attracting rich and powerful men. Carol is hoping at this fundraiser gathering held by Monica and Richard…ah, Richard, she hopes she can land him one day…Carol is working the crowd to get insights about her first powerful victim, so she can begin her path of power and riches through killing. 
Monica has already said her goodbyes to her daughter Jacqueline and is briefly talking with some of the people when she easily notices Carol in the crowd. She recognizes that look in Carol. Monica has seen that same look in herself. She slowly makes her way toward Carol while seeming uninterested in the teenager. Monica notices Carol stopping to stare at one of her own husband’s rich business associates. She makes her way to Carol without being noticed. 
“Carol. It is Carol correct.” Monica sees the teenager keep her cool and turn around to face her. 
“Monica, you are so generous in remembering little nothing me.” Carol expresses while using her large almond shaped brown eyes to captivate Monica. 
“How’s your parents John and Christine? I missed them being here.” Monica getting herself into the teenager’s confidence.
Carol eyes Monica. “Gosh Monica. I wish my Mother was as stunning and smart as you. 
As for my parents, they are in Paris. I happened to run into your invitation to them for this fundraiser. 
I hope you accept my measly donation for such a worthy fundraiser.”
Monica motions to Carol, “I’m sure your donation is worth. 
Walk with me. I think we may be able to benefit from each other.”
In their slow sauntering walks, Monica guides Carol to her nearby yacht, ‘The Cool Wave.’ On guiding Carol to the yacht, Monica brings Carol under her confidence and cleverly convinces Carol of a way to get the power and riches she desires. In the privacy of ‘The Cool Wave’ Monica mentors Carol in the direction she needs to take. 
“So, there is this Dr. Faust. He has become a liability to me while working in our labs. We can both benefit greatly from what I have planned for him.” Monica sees a hint of gleam in Carol’s large eyes. 
“Let me take you to meet him. He is at this fundraiser. The good doctor will be your first real test.” Monica notices a wolfish grin come across the teenager’s face. 
“Lead the way Monica. I’m all ears.” Carol listening attentive to each detail of Monica’s plan of getting information then getting rid of the doctor who helped Monica bring a most diabolical poison to life.
In no time, Monica spots her targeted doctor away from the crowd making love to his tonic and gin. With Carol in tow, Monica saunters over to the doctor.
Carol hides her disgust of the homely looking old man as Monica introduces them. 
“Dr. Faust. I’m so glad I found you. I would like for you to spend some time with one of our most influential beneficiary’s daughter. 
It would be a great help to me.” Monica gently slides her fingers down Dr. Faust’s arm while using her electric charm of her eyes, lips, and body to trap him into what she wants. 
Dr. Faust clears his throat, straightens himself up as a teenager who has been smitten by the gorgeous Monica. “Yes, of course Monica. Whatever I can do to help.”
Monica motions to Carol beside her. “Dr. Faust, this is Carol. I will leave her in your most capable of hands.
I must be off. You know how it is at these fundraisers.”
Dr. Faust shakes his head a little to break away from his trance of gawking at Carol as he focuses back on Monica. “Yes, by all means, don’t let me hold you up.”
He can’t help but stare at Monica’s body as she saunters away. Dr. Faust’s staring at Monica is interrupted by a sensuous touching of his arm. He looks over at the young lady before him. 
He can’t help but be highly aroused by this young lady as she speaks to him. “Dr. Faust, it is so bright out here. Monica has been generous enough to lend us her yacht to meet. 
Shall we?”
“Oh, yes, yes, lead the way.” Dr. Faust clumsily expresses while not making it too obvious he is staring at the young lady’s breast showing through her low-cut outfit.   
Carol wraps her arm around Dr. Faust’s arm as she goes about making small talk with him. In no time, Carol seduces the old man like Monica taught her. Carol manipulates with clever conversations and seduction the old man into the private cabin in Monica and Richard’s yacht. She goes right to work on the old man. She kisses him while she undoes and brings down his pants and underwear. On her way back up, Carol brings the good doctor to body tingling sensations and uncontrolled moaning as she licks and sucks his cock and balls till he has a decent erection. She seductively guides him to lay on his back on the wooden cabin floor with his cock saluting her. She proactively moves her body as Carol lifts her painted on designer dress up her thighs over her curvaceous hips before she latches on with two fingers to slowly remove her panties. Carol straddles Dr. Faust. She tightly grabs his somewhat softer cock. Carol shoves her body down hard causing his soft cock to painfully pleasure her vaginal walls. This highly arousing experience creating a soft moan of pleasure in the old man. Carol rides the old man hard to pleasure her clitoris. At the same time, she is literally pumping him for information. He is in so much sexual ecstasy that he is giving away codes, secret storage areas of the poison, and all manner of secrets to the poison. 
Carol relishing in having access to the poison whenever she needed it. After Carol easily seduces many secrets of the poison from this lonely-perverted sex-starved old-man, she painfully pleasurably scratches him during several of her body trembling orgasms. She finishes bringing herself to a last all encompassing-body-trembling orgasm. 
Monica had helped Carol cleverly put the world’s most dangerous poison in her carmine-red fingernails. Monica had given Carol her dose of poison and first lesson. 
Dr. Faust knew he was being used by Carol. He would not have traded that time with her for anything else in the world. When the symptoms of his deteriorating health kept puzzling his doctors, Dr. Faust knowing that Carol must have injected him with the mysterious illness coming from the poison he had created. Thinking only of the joy of his time with Carol, Dr. Faust died a month or so later.
Carol’s black widow manner would be later use by Monica. Richard wouldn’t have a clue he had been targeted for death.


Chapter 15: Dangerous Stealth 
The Present, Boston Massachusetts. 
When Jacqueline is exiting the private jet ramp, she spots Tina. Both give each other wide smiles. Jacqueline leaves the private jet behind as Tina leaves her Cadillac ATS coupe behind for both to meet in the middle. When close enough, both dive into each other for exchanging heartfelt hard hugs. 
Both breaking their strong hugs for Jacqueline to excitedly express to Tina, “We need to talk!!!” 
Tina, “I agree. My family has just the place for our talk!!!” 
Jacqueline, “Is your family’s place secret enough for our needs Tina?” 
Tina, “You bet its secret enough. I already met the family friend of interest there. If my family’s place was going to pass anyone’s standard, this family friend would be the person to give the approval.” 
Jacqueline brimming with excitement spilling over, “Tina! It’s all really happening!!! The help that is needed is really happening!!!” 
Tina “It sure is Jacqueline!!!” 
Both walking in silence till they enter Tina’s ATS then some more excited controlled screams as they settle into Tina’s ATS plush leather seats. The private jet staff finish putting Jacqueline’s bags in Tina’s vehicle’s trunk. The staff closes the trunk of the vehicle then walk away.
They buckle up as Tina drives them to their destination. They talk about what happens next. They go on to excitedly discuss the next phase of the plan while both would at times become quietly reflective about the danger they are putting themselves in. Jacqueline having no idea how much danger her friend Tina will be facing in the near future.
Tina makes some calls to her family security as she drives to one of her family’s business offices in Boston. She gets the all clear from security for the private meeting. 
In no time, Tina parks her ATS in the garage. Both are quiet going through the private areas for entering the business office. When Tina feels sure the office is secure and there is no danger of anyone overhearing them, she begins the conversation. 
“Jacqueline! My part of the plan is going to involve a long absence on my part from you. It also means you not being involved with me or communicating with me. I have already been informed about a secure location for your Mother and me to meet. My family’s friend is working behind the scenes to ensure the next part of the plan is a success. Jacqueline, you have done your part very well. Now it is my turn for working with your Mother and the family’s friend. She has informed me this time in working with Monica is going to be dangerous in what we have to do.” 
Jacqueline, finding it hard to contain herself while having to wait for Tina to finish. It is excruciating for Jaqueline to find out the type of danger there will be and not knowing how long Tina will be away. This reminds Jacqueline of that time with Tina disappeared for months during her undergraduate years.
Jacqueline bursts out as soon as Tina pauses. “How dangerous is all this stuff Tina?!!! Is it worth it?!!! I knew it was going to be dangerous for us going up against Richard. But, now I’m hearing you say you are going to be put yourself in danger while gone from my life for who knows how long!!!” 
Tina calmly offers, “I know the reality of where we are heading in our talks is now hitting you. You knew there was going to be risk going up against a person like Richard.” 
Jacqueline clarifies, “Yes, I knew there was a risk. But this part of your plan has turned out to be more dangerous than I ever expected. I am reaching this conclusion by your description about the danger and you going away for several months or who knows for how long! It sounds like you will be in danger working with your family’s friend and Mother.” 
Tina bypasses her friend’s concern. “If all goes well, you will have a life of your own.” 
Jacqueline counters, “If this plan does not go well, then what? You will be dead first then the rest of us.” 
Tina does not conceal the severity of their situation. “Yes, all of us involved will this daring plan will face the wrath of Richard which may cost us dearly in some fashion. 
Yes, maybe before Richard can do us harm, death may occur while I am working with your Mother. 
Maybe something will happen to me while working with my family’s friend. Both situations have strong possibilities that results in death.” 
With forcefulness Jacqueline states, “Then let’s stop all this right now! We walk away!” 
Tina firmly, “No way. Your life is at stake. I can’t stand by and do nothing while you perish in such a horrible situation with Richard. Besides, the plan will not be stopped. Ohers have started the plan and I have gone past the point of no return. The plan cannot be stopped.” 
Jacqueline is mortified but, she reluctantly nods her head in agreement. 
She expresses to Tina her misgivings. “I did not know it was already a point of no return. It is going to be difficult for me not knowing what is happening to you. Also, it is going to be very stressful for me not knowing if or when Richard is coming after me if the plan fails. I will have nothing if you and or Mother out taken out by Richard.” 
Tina counsels, “Our window of opportunity is now. Now is a time to engage in a plan to leverage against Richard. I hear your concern about my absence into a dangerous plan. I hear you about not knowing if or when Richard will come after us if our plan does not work. This might be a bad time to bring it up, but I see no other choice. 
There is another part to this plan and it involves Charles and your medical profession.” 
Incredulously, Jacqueline counters, “Isn’t it enough that you and Mother may be victims of this plan. Shortly after both of your deaths thereafter my death? How does Charles and my profession fit into addressing the danger in this plan?” 
Tina calmly replies, “Charles and your profession are going to be your focus in life in your Mother’s and my absence. I have experienced your focused drive. You just did it when you visited home recently. When you are in that state, all else goes by the wayside. Charles and your medical profession are going to be your inhuman drive for success, and you are going to use your uncanny focus. I am challenging you to bring your inhuman energy, drive, and focus into your life for the next few months or God knows how long. Your life will be totally into Charles and your profession. Remember, you did it on this trip home. You did it during my Sophomore year in college when I was gone for some time.” 
Jacqueline interjects, “I still don’t know what happened to you and your family during that time of your Sophomore year in college. But, during your Sophomore year I knew your family was with you. Yes, I still feared for all of you. Yes, I still worried… but, I knew you were with family…” 
Tina interjects, “Despite all that happened during my Sophomore year and as recently as going back to your home, you were able to handle the situation. Despite the great desires to end your life during all these years, you have managed to keep yourself alive. 
I believe in you Jacqueline. With what you went through with your life, you are much stronger than I think you give yourself credit. 
Of course, I’m not kidding myself that you will believe me. Jacqueline, trust me. You can do this during this phase of the plan. I believe in you! You are going to have to trust that all will turn out well against much odds. You have been living against great odds all your life. Just, do what you do best. Be the amazing woman that I know you are.” 
Jacqueline can’t come up with any counterpoints to Tina’s reasoning and surrenders with much resistance, “I…will… do my part.” 
Tina’s body relaxes. Even with Tina’s convincing conversation, both are feeling this may be the last time either of them sees each other alive. Jacqueline picks up on a possible final time together through Tina’s eyes and how her face and eyes hints as if saying a final goodbye. Jacqueline looks away briefly. She is trying to stop the welling up of crying in eyes as her face contorts into sadness. 
She takes a deep breath. She gathers her wits about her. She faces Tina. Tina dives in and embraces Jacqueline hard. Jacqueline returns Tina’s heartfelt embrace. Only their breathing can be heard as they embrace hard for several moments. Both break from their strong heartfelt embrace. 
Jacqueline and Tina slowly leave the business office in silence. They slowly make it to Tina’s ATS coupe. Tina unlocks and starts her vehicle by remote. They enter Tina’s ATS. Tina stares straight ahead as she buckles up and puts the vehicle in gear. Tina guns the turbo engine to life screeching out of the garage. 
As Tina drives on in silence to drop off Jacqueline at her lavish apartment, Jacqueline is looking out her window not facing Tina. As the drive to her apartment is almost at an end, Jacqueline quickly glances at Tina, who is staying staring straight ahead. Jacqueline goes back to staring out of her passenger window.
When they reach Jacqueline’s apartment, Tina parks her vehicle close enough to the building for Jacqueline not to take long in getting into apartment. Tina opens her ATS door and exits without looking at Jacqueline. Jacqueline exits the vehicle without looking at Tina. They both avoid looking at each other. 
In silence, Tina helping take out Jacqueline’s bags from the trunk of her vehicle. Tina joins Jacqueline in walking with her to carry some of the bags to the outside building entrance to Jacqueline’s apartment. Tina drops the bags near Jacqueline. Not looking at Jacqueline, she turns away in silence. Tina walks energetically back to her ATS. She opens her door, enters her vehicle, and starts the turbo engine. Tina buckles up then slaps her vehicle into gear speeding away. 
As Jacqueline looks upon her friend speeding away, Bye Dear friend. If I do not see you again…I hope we meet in the afterlife. 
Jacqueline picks up her bags, makes it into her apartment. She notices it is about four in the morning. Jacqueline realizes her body is very tired from emotions and a long day. She half stumbles into her apartment with her bags. She drops her bags in the living room, goes quickly through her night routines. Jacqueline slips out of her cloths leaving only her bra and panties on. She slides under the bed covers removing her bra and tossing it on the apartment floor. She nestles her head into her pillow and falls instantly asleep then later that morning, she dreams.

Chapter 16: Hell to Pay 
The Present
Jacqueline wakes up late in the day from troubled sleep. It is her same recurring nightmare with an added twist in the beginning. 
She groggily recalls. This time there is a full-fledged thunderstorm with blinding lightning and deafening thunder to add to the danger. Wow, that can’t be good. I know these new dream symbols must have something do with my recent time with Richard. 
When Jacqueline reflects on times past for thunderstorms in her dreams, she recalls them. These types of thunderstorms have been there in my dreams during the worst times in my life. During a time when I really wanted to kill myself. Well, I’m not going to wait to be convinced by Tina to get help from the Dream Oracle for clarity. 
Jacqueline slides out from under her designer bedsheets. Sits on the edge of her bed a few moments to get her bearings. Still with only her panties on, Jacqueline slowly strolls to where her laptop is located. She locates her laptop, powers it up. She leaves her laptop to prepare her morning beverage while her laptop does its thing. 
Jacqueline returns to her laptop. She sits herself down, takes a few sips of her morning beverage. Her fingers click and types to locate and sign into the Dream Oracle website. She goes through the same process of submission as before. 
This time she begins, ‘Dear Dream Oracle, it is me again with my nightmare of a teenage girl is in the ocean…she is fearing for her safety. This time there is a massive frightening thunderstorm with blinding lightning and deafening thunder in the beginning. Then…’ 
Jacqueline goes on to write the rest of her nightmare. 
After submitting her dream, logging off from the Dream Oracle website, and taking a few more sips of her refreshing beverage, she reflects, This submission is much more hopeful than the first time. I feel more at ease. I am optimistic for answers regarding the addition of the thunderstorm symbol in my dream. Darn, now to tackle the day. 
Jacqueline forces herself up from in front of her laptop. She strolls to her bedroom. Jacqueline slips out of her panties, changes into a sports bra, T-shirt and shorts for working out. Jacqueline strolls to her state of the art work out equipment then tackles her work outs rigorously. She finishes her workout with her body strained to the limits. Jacqueline heads to her large luxurious bathroom, starts her shower, removes her outfit. She showers, finishes showering, grabs some fluffy towels, dries herself while she strolls into her enormous walk-in closet. Jacqueline selects a T-shirt and designer jeans combination, slips into some comfortable sandals.  Jacqueline slowly walks to her kitchen, prepares a light healthy breakfast. She finishes breakfast, cleans up then Jacqueline continues to go through her regular routines of the day. 
Through all this day, Jacqueline is being bombarded by overpowering feelings and thoughts about hanging herself. Thoughts about slicing her wrists with broken glass or a kitchen knife. Thoughts about jumping in front of an oncoming large truck. Thoughts about throwing her running electric hair dryer into the bathtub while she baths. 
As Jacqueline reminisces about other life ending overpowering emotions and thoughts. Jacqueline reflects. Yes, it is that time again. Hell-to-pay is here.
Jacqueline continues to force herself to return to her routines of rotations at the hospital. She makes sure she continues engaging in her rigorous workouts. Jacqueline keeps her mind occupied by reading and responding to messages from her circle of friends. She keeps forcing herself into hanging out with this circle of friends. 
Some of her friends asking, “How’s Tina we haven’t heard much about her?” 
Jacqueline quickly recovers from her sadness of her best friend being gone. “Oh, she’s fine. She’s very busy. She’s so busy we don’t talk much.” 
Jacqueline following Tina’s advice and really staying connected and returning messages from Charles. Jacqueline feeling uplifted by his loving expressions and about to set up some special dates to meet. All this uplifting time in her life to counter the Hell-to-pay emotions and thoughts after being with Richard. 
Jacqueline knows that these destructive emotional states usually occur after some messed-up times with Richard. In the mix of all this is Jacqueline’s pushing back concerns about how Tina’s safety, and her Mother’s safety. She stresses about the big unknown of how the second part of the plan with Tina is unfolding. When this mix of thoughts and emotions occurs, Jacqueline forces herself to follow her friend’s directive. Her focus is upon Charles and her medical profession. Jacqueline keeps doing just this as often as she can. 
Jacqueline going through one of his messages. Charles expresses. ‘I have a loving desire to get together with you. How about us getting away to a quiet location I know. I am sure you would enjoy it.’
Jacqueline has been having similar ideas of getting away. Just the two of them. She calls him. He does not pick. The call goes straight to message. She listens for when to leave her message.
Jacqueline with joy in her voice. “Hi there. I got your message about getting away. I have been thinking the same. I would enjoy spending my short time off with you, Charles. Hope you are especially on target about me liking the quiet location you have in mind.” 
Jacqueline ends her communication and goes about doing some picking up of her apartment.
A few minutes later, Charles calls. Jacqueline responds, “Hi Charles.”  
Charles, “Hi Jacqueline. Pick you up in an hour?” 
Jacqueline, “Wow, that’s quick. Sure, that works for me. See you then. Love you.” 
Charles, “Love you Jacqueline.” 
They end their communication. 
For her part, this desire to be alone with Charles is driven by an agenda of hers. I’m tired of having to do battle with these thoughts of death alone. Especially since Tina not being around. All right Charles, this is it. I am going to push the limits of our relationship. I am going to find out how invested you are in loving me. I am going to search how you can help me during this time in my life. 
Jacqueline keeps on reflecting, No matter what the outcome with Charles today, my life is better. I’m a better person because I have experienced loving fulfillment because of him. 
Jacqueline goes on to prepare herself till Charles arrives. She is ready a little before the hour and decides to go outside to wait for Charles. She continues keeping a watchful eye for his arrival. While she waits for Charles, she is reflecting about her plan of taking a major vulnerable risk of sharing her dark shameful secret. While waiting to be taken to a quiet location to spend time with Charles, Jacqueline continues to battle coveted ways of killing herself. 
Jacqueline remembers that this is not the first time she is being tempted with ways to kill herself. During the past week, she had been finding herself coveting long electric extensions cords. When she finds the extensions cords, she thinks of possible locations of hanging herself at the hospital. 
She reflects upon an event the day before, I was at a busy crosswalk, waiting for the pedestrian walk signal to come on for crossing. I saw a large food service truck speeding towards the pedestrian walkway. I was fighting myself as I was inching forward to the curb. I was making it to the curb to throw myself into the truck’s path. I was leaning almost to the edge of the curb to lose my footing and fall in front of the oncoming truck. 
A man suddenly grabbed me and pulled me back to safety. He angrily held my arm hard while telling me ‘Miss. You got to be careful. You could have been killed.’ I thanked him. I’m angry with myself on two levels. Death escapes me once again. The other thing is I remind myself of what the news would say about my death…
…Gossip news: young woman from powerful family jumps in front of a truck and gets killed. What went wrong? She had it all. A man who loved her, a privileged life, beauty, and smarts. 
Oh, how ridiculous I am. I was embarrassed in the man grabbing me to pull me back from killing myself then scolding me like a little girl. The coveted death by truck went by, the walk signal came on, and I crossed with the others. 
Jacqueline continues to reflect upon another instance of wanting to kill herself that week. At another time in a restaurant with a circle of friends. The wait staff drops a drinking glass on floor. Pieces of glass scatter all over the place. As if enticing me, a large shard of glass slides up near my feet. I notice it. 
I cover the shard by putting my shoe over it. I am working out a plan in my mind in how to retrieve the large shard and use it…the plan to excuse myself from my circle of friends. I see excusing myself from my friends to go to the women’s bathroom. I find an isolated area of the bathroom with an empty stall. I go into the stall, sit myself on the toilet. I see myself begin slicing my wrist to hit the main arteries until I bleed out. Reality hits me. It would take some time to bleed out. The bathroom at this place is constantly full of people. Someone would be bound to notice a large pool of blood coming out of one of the stalls. 
The shame of having to face my circle of friends after this incident. I figured my plan was flawed. I lifted my foot off the large sharp glass shard. I picked up the large shard. I motioned the wait staff to retrieve it. She took it from my hand.
It is a daily struggle for Jacqueline to keep from coveting all sorts of methods and plans for ending her life. She is concerned about how long she can keep playing this game against death. Jacqueline is keenly aware that all it would take is one successful attempt to end her life. She is deep in this reflective state outside her apartment, she turns her focus upon going through her phone messages in case Charles has left one. He has left none.
She shakes off the Sirens’ call to suicide. Come on, Jacqueline, you made it this far. Good, there is Charles in my life. There is Tina risking her life for a realistic chance to rid myself of the shark. I can hang in there to stay alive. 
Jacqueline’s drive for death is still there, but the edge is diminished thinking about Charles and Tina in her life. An almost a forgotten event occurs. Jacqueline notices a message from the Dream Oracle as she is scanning through her messages. Alright! I have a message from the Dream Oracle.
Jacqueline did not hesitate to open the message. ‘Dear, it is me again. The significantly powerful thunderstorm mixed with unsafe ocean conditions means that you are in an emotionally turbulent life experience that can end your life. All this while trying to recover from the sexual violation. A word of caution. It is highly recommended you seek the services of a professional before your inner turmoil ends your life.’ 
Jacqueline breaths a huge sigh of relief that she has verification about the symbol of the thunderstorm and her turmoil about staying alive. The message also leaves her feeling fearful that she does not have the ability to seek out professional help by herself. Worse yet, Jacquelin knows full well she is even less likely to attend the therapeutic sessions that can help her. Jacqueline continues to read the interpretation of the rest of the dream symbols. They are mostly the same as the first submission, except that her inner turmoil has reached a dangerous level. 
Now Jacqueline’s challenge is getting herself to seek out a professional, make an appointment, and go to the appointment. WWTS. What would Tina say? Talk to Charles that’s what she would say. That is the directive of focus she gave me. All right, Charles. One more sign from the universe that my life is riding on what happens between us today. Am I being too melodramatic? No way! Death is knocking on my door, as I am so close to living a fulfilling life.

Chapter 17: Will You Still Love Me
The Present 
It seems like so much has happened in life as Jacqueline continues waiting for Charles to arrive. She observes that not much time has passed. She allows herself to keep reflecting while waiting. Will he still love me if I share with him the path of my Hell? I am much more in love with him now than the first times we became a couple. That’s good. I love him more because of my experiences of Charles and his family. That family of his are such loving and supportive people. 
In my visits with Charles to his home, his parents are encouraging with each other and with their children. I can tell the parents are lovingly interested in their sons’ lives. Charles, through his talks with me and sharing his postings, has showed me how it feels to have an affectionate Mother like Beatrice. Charles’ Father James is also a business man like my stepfather. Even though James is also a business man, his focus is on loving his wife and their family first. James and Beatrice’s affection for each other spills over to their four boys. They look like the iconic Mr. and Mrs. Clause in build without the white beard and Santa Clause clothes. Such a contrast to my Mother and Richard in looks and in relationships. 
Now the older brothers Jack, Camden, and Edward, they are not bad looking men with variations of being tall strong thin men. But they are not as eye-catching candy as my Charles. Well, Charles is not that kind of eye candy either.  But, his attractiveness is beyond physical. He is attractive in how he loves me with all his heart. He is brilliant in the manner of thinking out situations, in putting these thoughts into practice. His non-physical attractiveness spills into engaging persons in a charismatic manner. It is such an amazing experience to be with him. I’m not the only one who feels this way around him. Almost every person he meets is drawn to him. 
Jacqueline catches herself in mid-thought. Charles has comparable qualities to Richard. 
Jacqueline is caught in a limbo of whether to be repulsed, or to feel satisfied that she has in her life a much healthier loving version of Richard. 
Shaking her head, Jacqueline going back to her thoughts about Charles. No, Charles is his own person. I’m fortunate to have someone like him in my life who has opened by eyes to a whole other manner of seeing life and people. He is a unique person created by a loving family.
I had questioned him about not staying in the family’s shipping industry. I challenged him about how his brothers and parents had selected to make a comfortable enjoyable living in this area except him. Charles stated to me, that according to his family, he had a special gift from God to be used to serve others. 
Charles shared that he first thought his gift might be a pastoral vocation of his family’s Christian faith. Then this calling to serve God as an ordained minister moved to medicine. As he excelled in biology and chemistry college prep courses during high school, the medical field became his possible career path. He had done so well academically, tested high in standardized tests, which kept landing him full scholarships. These scholarships would take him from his undergraduate work all the way to Harvard medical school. 
To Jacqueline’s joy, Destiny intervened in bringing us to the same place at the same time for our love to unfold. 
Her pondering about Charles is interrupted by the sound of an oncoming vehicle. Jacqueline focuses on the approaching vehicle. 
She exclaims as she waves her arm for him to see her. “Charles!” 
He sees her and drives towards her. Jacqueline scurries to his old Ford F-150 Pick Up truck to greet him. 
As he comes to a complete stop, Jacqueline is able to peer inside the lowered window. “Is that you, Charles? My fair prince.” 
He is enjoying this type of interaction with Jacqueline, “Tis I, my love.” 
Jacqueline opens the truck door. She bounces inside close to him. They kiss as she settles herself inside the truck. 
He presents her with her favorite bouquet of flowers, Jacqueline smiles, “They are beautiful! Thank you.” 
More kissing between them. The break from their kissing to lovingly gaze into each other’s eyes.
Charles grins, “Our adventure awaits, my lady.” 
Jacquelin smiles joyfully back at Charles then settles close to him as he put the pickup truck in gear. With that they depart to their destination, both hopeful for a rejuvenating time. 
After some time in silence on their journey, Jacqueline expresses, “You know Charles, while I was waiting for you, I was thinking about what it is about you that makes you so attractive to me.” 
Charles kidding, “It must be my fancy carriage my lady. It’s a real chic magnate. Although I’m sure that’s not really it.” 
Jacqueline smiles in a joking response, “No, I do believe it is your fancy carriage. Just kidding. You are correct about this not being the real reason for loving you so. You have a different kind of attractiveness for me.” 
Charles, “I hope it’s not the kind of attractiveness that’s ‘I like you, but not like that way.’ The, ‘I want to be friends with your kind of attractiveness.” 
Jacqueline smiles, “You’re being silly. I’m trying to be serious here.” 
Charles expresses, “Alright. I apologize, please continue.” 
Jacqueline voices, “The kind of attractiveness you offer me goes beyond your looks and the kind of vehicle you drive. Now, don’t get all tied up in this part. Your looks got you past my first screening conditions. You at least had a chance with me. 
What I’m saying is that your attractiveness is your whole person. An attractiveness that will still be there even when your physical attractiveness is gone. Your intelligence. Your manner of keeping life around you interesting. The way you make me feel special in your presence, like I’m the only woman in the world for you. The way I see you be liked by others, even by those who are hard to get along with. The other very attractive part of you for me, is your family.”
Jacqueline smiles in joy. “Your family, they so love and cherish you and each other. Your parents so love and cherish each other. I feel so at peace, so loved, so cared for by them when I’m visiting them. I enjoy the special manner all of you talk to each other. They special way all of you stay in contact with each other. The special way all of you without preaching religion show God’s love in what you do for each other and for other persons. The way all of you go through life enjoying each moment. That’s what I mean about you are attractive for me in more than the physical.” 
Charles is silent for a few moments. He is staring straight ahead as he drives then glances quickly at Jacqueline before returning his eyes to the road. He clears his throat. 
Charles voices, “Jacqueline. I know you are not going to believe me. In recent days, I have been thinking about you beyond your knock out good looks. You have ignited within me feelings I did not know I could have in being with a woman. I always thought that some of the romance I would see between my parents could not possibly ever be real for me. Sometimes, I even doubted that their romance was real. For a long time I doubted that two people could love each other in the manner my parents shared their love. I thought they were putting on a show for us and for others to see. I believed their love behind closed doors was different. I imagined they not talking to each other. They not lovingly touching each other. They not kissing each other. They not looking into each other’s eyes as though they were still so in love like their first date. 
So, I thought they behaved differently in private because I could not accept that two persons could love each other the way my parents showed me all those years. Well, my doubts disappeared about what they do in private during a wedding all of us went to for a family member on Mother’s side. The wedding was in Savannah in a most extravagant estate. As the wedding celebration continued to festivities of the night, I spotted my parents slip away to the beautiful estate’s large trees and exquisite gardens. I followed them, thinking that I would finally get an answer to my doubt whether they behaved differently when in private. I saw when they stopped within hearing distance of the music being played for the wedding. All that I had thought they did not do in private was just the opposite. 
In the dim lighting, I saw them holding hands, smiling, and talking to each other as they faced each other. I saw them kissing each other lovingly, tenderly. I saw them hold each other as though on a first date, holding each other as the world disappeared. I saw them consider each other’s eyes in silence and in brief conversations before Mother would lay her head against Father’s chest and he rest the side of his face on her hair. They lovingly slowly dancing quietly to the music from the wedding party. 
I snuck away so as not to alert them that I had followed them to be watching them. Since that night of the wedding watching my parents, I had hoped that one day I would be able to find a woman who would make me feel like what I say my Father feel with my Mother.”
With love in his eyes, Charles proclaims. “Jacqueline, you are that woman for me.” 
Jacqueline stares ahead to the road. Charles glancing every now and then at Jacqueline to see if she has anything to say. She does not. After several more moments of silence, Charles voices, “Tell me I didn’t scare you with my story of my parents.” 
Jacqueline says nothing as she stares ahead to the now quiet road away from the city. There is quiet for some time before Charles breaks the silence, “Then tell me what’s been going on in your life? Anything interesting?” 
Jacqueline’s body relaxes at the reprieve of Charles changing the topic. “Well, the rotations are a difficult bitch. I sometimes wonder if the supervising doctors have specific secret orders to make our lives as difficult as possible…” 
They continue talking to catch up with each other’s lives about their medical rotations.  
Charles recognizes they are nearing the beautifully breathtaking, peaceful park area he had selected. He begins to turn into the designated area as they are finishing catching up about each other’s friends.  Charles locates the spot he is looking for, drives more slowly, and parks his truck. Both open their truck doors and exit the truck. Charles takes in the amazingly nice day while their walking to the pick-up truck bed. 
Charles unloads their picnic items from the pick-up truck bed handing some of the items to Jacqueline to carry. He returns to the pick-up truck cab to retrieve other items, looks at what Jacqueline is carrying and hands some of those items to Jacqueline. She seems delighted as she helps Charles in carrying the packed items to where Charles guides them to their quiet area. Jacqueline looking around enjoying the beauty, peacefulness of the place. 
Charles face lights up as he finds the desired location, “We will set up here, if it pleases you, my lady?” 
Jacqueline in response, “Of course I’m pleased, my prince.” 
After setting up, enjoying each other’s talking while unpacking food and drinks and munching on some delicious morsels and sipping drinks, they continue to get caught up about their circle of friends. 
As Charles talks about his friend’s adventures, Jacqueline contemplates Charles is so good at bringing us to this place. All is so wonderful. I’m hoping I haven’t ruined our time together by not saying anything back to him when he told me I was the woman for him.  
They continue to talk and dine on the delicious food some more. They drink of the delicious wine. They both find their comfortable seating positions with him sitting on the ground and Jacqueline leaning half sitting in front of him with her head lying on his chest. Charles is the first to begin conversing about a serious subject. 
Charles takes a risk to dare ask, “How was your trip to home my love?” 
Her trip home had been several weeks ago, and Jaqueline did not bring up the subject in conversation with Charles. She avoids this conversation because of the hurt feelings talking about her family creates between them. There is already hurt feelings from what has happened on their drive to the wonderful park area when Charles stated Jacqueline was the woman for him. 
Jacqueline decides to be honest with Charles and express as much as she can, “It went better than I had anticipated. Mother, Richard, and I enjoyed a delicious supper with amazing desserts before the fundraiser. Our conversations were about business strategies for the fundraiser. I felt supported this time by Richard as he included my ideas of using my medical background for one of the strategies. 
The fundraiser event was held at the marina on one of the family’s most prestigious yachts. The way Mother and Richard responded suggested the fundraiser event was a success. I was thanked by Mother and Richard and I bid them my farewell and returned home.” 
Charles is uneasily quiet for several moments. He then begins. “I am confused, Jacqueline. How come you could not have shared something like this with me weeks ago? The visit sounds so normal. Yet, I still do not understand why you keep shutting me out from that part of your life.” 
Jacqueline is trying to figure out a way to explain why she shared the highlights of her visit just now. 
Jacqueline has an idea of how to respond to Charles. “Remember our talks of before regarding visiting with me to my family when we first started dating?” 
Charles lovingly caresses her face with his fingers and is silent for some time before he says. “Well, let’s bring up those difficult talks now.”
Jacqueline, “Early on in our relationship we had a serious conversation about each other’s families during a romantic walk near the Savannah River. I was visiting with you and your family in Georgia. You questioned me then why I had never invited you to meet my parents or talked much about them. Remember those talks?” 
Charles stops caressing Jacqueline’s face and arm. He counters, “Jacqueline, you offered some excuses about how your parents and their dealings with people were not my type of world. You said I would be miserable if I visited. I understood that your stepfather would not be very nice to me. When I questioned you further about your stepfather not being nice to me, you would only explain that he was a product of his family’s heritage. What am I supposed to think?” 
Jacqueline interrupts Charles at this point, “My parents are not very nice because all persons and relationships are a business deal for them. They are cold in their affections of love for each other. They exist only as a business team. I’m a business and physical commodity. I am loved by Mother in her way, but the love I have learned and shared with you has come from my nannies who raised me most of my life. 
I feel Mother is cold and distant from me. Much the same way she is cold and distant with most people. We are a powerful family. That is what the focus has been and continues to be to this day. We are driven to succeed no matter what the costs. When I experience you and your family, and I compare that experience to my family, I can’t stand the thought for you my love to be put through the type of loveless business torture that occurs in my home for me. A torture I have endured all these years. I am a proud person and it is embarrassing to reveal of myself and my family in this manner to you. That’s why I prefer to say nothing about my family. It sickens me that I come from such loathing persons.” 
Jacqueline has put it out there and continues. “As for my stepfather Richard not being nice, I downplay the not nice part. He is down-right dangerous with a person he really dislikes. He is a powerful man. He has no reservations using his power to destroy persons. I have witnessed how he is able to destroy persons and gets away with it. Back home with suitors who would call on me to spend time dating me, he destroyed. I do not exaggerate as I provided you with proof about how he gets when he finds out I have someone in my life.” 
Jacqueline calms herself as she reminds Charles “Remember early on during the first times I visited you with your family in Georgia, I shared with you Richard’s reaction when he discovered you in my life. Remember some of our quiet walks in Savannah, I shared with you a hatefully demeaning message from Richard to me about you. I shared with you the cleaned-up messages as Richard called me all sorts of disgusting names in that message that were very degrading and desiring to put me in my place. Charles, try to remember that cleaned up message I shared with you at that time about describing you as a snotnose boy in my life with all sorts of other degrading descriptions of you. Remember his message of anger about how dare I keep my relationship with you a secret from him. Remember his messages saying how angry he was that he had to find out from one of his business associates about us. Try to remember Charles how those messages were so hateful of us and degrading of the both us to put us in our place. He did that to instill fear in the both of us in ending our relationship. By being angry that I had kept my relationship with you from him, Richard was feeling justified in telling me in his own way that if something bad happened to either of us it was my fault. I had shared the message with you for you not to push the subject anymore about the danger in visiting me at home. Somehow my love, you chose not to take that part I have shared with you seriously. When you push me to talk about my family or push to visiting my family you choose to ignore the danger you will be in.” 
Jacqueline pauses in her conversation with Charles as something dawns on her. “You may not take the threat of Richard seriously because you have not experienced Richard’s wrath like the others in my life. Richard’s inaction in coming after you for doing you harm all this time leaves me somewhat confused. The part I do not understand or have an explanation for now is how come Richard has not reached out to destroy you or worse kill you. 
Better yet, I am confused why he has not put me in my place under his strict punishment. The threatening messages he sent in the past are meant for the both of us. However these messages are not even close to the dangerous things I know Richard is capable of.  I know you want clarification about what I mean by destroy. Well, here it is. He finds his victims’ weaknesses and goes after that area. He does not stop until he is sure he is satisfied with the outcome. The outcome is disastrous for those he targets in changing their lives forever to the worse or even possibly killing them. I am confused why you my love did not take that conversation of a while back serious. I put that part of Richard out there once and have not brought it up again because it so stresses me that my time with you may end suddenly at the hands of Richard.” 
Jacquelin stares away as she pauses and goes silent. Jacqueline is hoping this is enough to give Charles the sense about the dangerousness of Richard. She hopes Charles will not question her more about the real reason her stepfather hates Charles and others like him. The real reason is that her stepfather does not want to share Jacqueline his sex toy with any other man. 
She thinks she has as truthfully as she can explain and brought up the point to Charles to recollect how furious her stepfather had been when he learned of their relationship. She hopes he understands how dangerous Richard can be. She gazes up at Charles’ face and can tell what she said is hurtful and foreign for him to experience. She can see Charles is trying to understand such hatred and animosity from a person such as Richard he never met. Jacqueline positions herself with her head lying on Charles chest. 
Leaning against him hearing his heart beat fast, Jacqueline voices, “Now, enough about my family. Go ahead and make me happy. Tell me about your family. I so enjoy you telling me about them.” 
She is silently hopeful he will not push the subject of visiting or talking about her family anymore.
Charles begins caressing her face and arms and proceeds to describe how he and his family are doing. “Father and Mother are doing well. Mother convinced Father about going to get his yearly physical. She convinced him to go by stating she wanted him around for many more years in good health. 
Father convinced Mother to join him on one of his favorite activities. That favorite thing is going with him to view the finishing touches on one of the family’s latest super-size cargo ships in South Korea. 
My brothers are all in good health. They are very involved with traveling all over the world keeping the family’s shipping industry going strong. Jack was in Hong Kong where talks went well, and he had some amazing stories to tell us. Camden prefers to stay in the States. He did well with his business meetings in New York and he had some quite interesting adventures. Edward has his own unique way of turning business into a party. He did this in Hawaii. Now this party probably tops as one of his most outrageous…” 
Charles proceeds to tell her in a colorful refreshing manner about Edward’s outrageous party of other various adventures, circumstances, situations, and fun times together as a family. Jacqueline enjoys listening to his stories about his family with a joyful comfort. 
She recalls as he speaks about when she had on several occasions accepted Charles’ invitations to attend Charles’ family functions with him. She had felt so loved and treated well by them on their visit to Savannah. She tells him how she enjoyed his brothers teasing of him about the impossibility that he would land such a prize as Jacqueline. Jacqueline thinks how Charles’ family are the epitome of Southern hospitality when it came to hosting. Jacqueline remembers sharing with Charles how she adores his parents being very Christian. She recalls both laughing talking about how traditional his parents are in that Jacqueline and Charles had separate sleeping quarters when they visited. 
Jacqueline and Charles remembering and talking when she turned a light shade of red when the conversation of sleeping arrangements first arose with Charles’ parents. 
Jacqueline smiling to herself remembering, Both of us answer with, ‘Sure of course we will sleep in separate bedrooms.’ 
‘Wouldn’t have it any other way.’ 
‘We will respect your wishes in your home’. 
His Mother responding, ‘Well I just don’t know what the two of you do when you’re alone.’ 
Charles with honest passion, ‘Trust me Mother. We are not sleeping in the same bed when not here at home.’
All the family laughing lightly. The rest of the time with Charles family almost magical. 
Jacqueline enjoys Charles’ other talks of the food, fun time with family, and the magic of Savannah Georgia. These talks only endear Jacqueline more to Charles and his family as he continues to share of himself and his family with her. Their conversations progress across an array of family topics. Jacqueline feels this is the time to put her agenda into play. 
Without revealing the true reason for her asking, Jacqueline lovingly prods Charles “During your psychiatric rotation…did you ever run into any psychiatric cases where there had been parent incest or sexual violations?” 
Charles pauses from his caressing of Jacqueline’s arm and comments, “This is amazing on your part to ask me, Jacqueline. I have been ready for a while to share with you a fascinating treatment case from months ago that was precisely about what you ask. I was involved in a dangerously wild forensic psychiatric case.”
“Oh yes, I now remember you mentioning something about a case you wanted to share with me.” interrupts Jacqueline, “I recall that you had mentioned in passing a while ago in one of your messages how you wanted to share with me a very interesting case the treatment team and you were addressing that was challenging. So, it was a parent incest or sexual violations type of case?” 
Charles begins excitedly, “That’s correct. Back then, the treatment team staffed a case and constructed a treatment plan for a man involved in the decapitation of his Mother with a kitchen knife.” 
Charles can see from Jacqueline’s puzzled look up at him. Her eyes telling Charles that the case did not match her incest sexual violation question. 
Charles continues, “It turns out in gathering a history of this 28-year-old man, that his Mother had been having sexual relationships with him since he was 12 years old. Because of his limited coping abilities and inability to access treatment care, he had reached a place of no return. He was a person torn between loving his Mother as a parent and loving her as his sexual partner.” 
Jacqueline looks down away from Charles’ face. She is uncomfortable as this story is hitting way too close to home. However, Jacqueline listens with interest. 
Charles explains, “The patient had a long history of major substance abuse from, you name the drug, he did it. He was a major disruptive force at school, in his neighborhood, and in relationships.” 
Charles pauses to see how Jacqueline is taking the story. He notices she is quietly listening looking down at the picnic blanket. 
Charles continues, “What finally happened was that he had years of emotional stress and heavy drug use that led him to eventually become psychotic and forever trapped in Hell. The information gathered of him through interviews and police reports indicate that on the day he murdered his Mother, he was in a full-blown psychotic state. Furthermore, his mind could fathom only an insane way out of his Hell. That insane way out was to end up cutting his Mother’s head off. I conclude he did this murderous act while she was watching her favorite episode of a classis television show during the evening. 
Neighbors got suspicious when days passed, and they had not seen her or him come out of the house. Worried neighbors went and knocked at the door to no avail. But, several of the other concerned neighbors detected an overwhelming foul smell coming from the home. Some of those neighbors called the police for a wellness check. 
The police arrived at the reported home, they went through their customary procedures of knocking and identifying themselves, and then knocked down the door. According to the police report reviewed by the treatment team and me, the 28-year-old man was sitting next to his Mother’s decapitated body watching her head in front of him on top of the television stand, talking away at her head. The stench of the decaying Mother’s body must have been unbearable. Anyway, the police determined that he and his Mother had been in that condition for two to three days.” 
Without revealing too much, Jacqueline swallows hard and asked Charles, “Is this psychotic break typical of those who experience parental incest or sexual violations?” 
Charles responds “I’m not sure this case is typical of that kind of violation. This 28- year-old-man had a psychotic break and never came back. What I recalled from the experienced doctors in the treatment team was that the 28-year-old man’s prognosis at the time was not good in recovery with treatment.” 
Jacqueline prods Charles with a point-blank question that takes him aback. “Will you still love me if I were to ever have a psychotic break or something like this serious condition of this man?” 
Charles hesitates for a moment. He is caught off guard by her question. Charles figures out the intent of Jacqueline’s question. 
Charles takes Jacqueline chin with his fingers and raises her head for gazing into Jacqueline’s eyes and responds. “My love, I would make sure you will get the best treatment possible when I began noticing symptoms of a psychotic break. Even if you did go there, I will never leave you, my love.” 
Jacqueline visibly chokes back sadness with crying welling up in her eyes with streams starting to go down her cheeks. 
Charles is concerned about her tearful response, inquires, “Jacqueline, I am surprised by your reaction. What happened just now?” 
Jacqueline while crying risks sharing, “Charles, I need professional help. Only one or maybe two persons know what has happened in my life. You will be the third. What has happened to me has left me battling not opening the door to death. I know you are brilliant enough to figure out from my questions and my reaction what is driving my desire to take my life. I need to get professional help before it is too late. I don’t know how long I can stay around alive.” 
Charles, after a long-shocked moment of silence, begins processing the enormity of what Jacqueline has revealed to him. The reality of Jacqueline’s Hell. After several moments of getting over his initial shock, Charles softens and offers a loving response “My love, I will make sure you get the best help possible and be with you for as long as it takes. I love you and will not ever lose you, not especially to this. 
I now understand more about what you mean about Richard being an evil man. I get why you wouldn’t want to go home little less have me visit your home.”

Chapter 18: Return of Tina 
One Year Later, Stafford Virginia. 
Almost a year has gone by since that peaceful time in the park of Jacqueline revealing her hell to Charles. That time in the park had been a turning point for Jaqueline and Charles’ relationship. Charles is very sensitive and supportive of Jacqueline since she revealed to him what Richard had done to her since she was 13 years of age. He understood better her hang ups with sex. Even though Charles had his own hang up about sex to deal with.
Jacqueline has landed a medical residency in Washington D.C. Charles has landed his medical residency in Richmond Virginia. Both chose to live in Stafford Virginia as a midpoint for both to commute to their medical residencies and still set times to meet each other when their schedules allowed. They had agreed to continue with their separate apartments. Jacqueline did not offer the information and Charles did not ask any more about Jacqueline’s finances. Charles had once expressed what will happen to Jacqueline’s financial support if Richard ended it without notice to punish Jacqueline.
Jacqueline, her usual cool self, did concern herself with finances as her focus is her medical profession, Charles, and her friends. Somehow, she is able to continue with her lavish lifestyle in a city away from Boston and the Hamptons. Jacqueline and Charles are forming new circles of friendships in their respective cities in their professions. 
Months before their move to Stafford, Charles had been able to locate professional help for Jacqueline in Maryland through the generous help from doctors of his former psychiatric rotation. He attends the firsts sessions with her until Jacqueline expresses she can attend the appointments herself. Even on a busy schedule, Charles found time to go with Jacqueline when he is able. Jacqueline seems to be her regular self around Charles after the therapeutic appointments. 
However, Charles can’t really tell what her regular self is like. Charles still finds it difficult to read Jacqueline since she can still conceal from him dark horrible emotions about her life and plans for death. Only Jacqueline informs him honestly how well she is doing. The only difference available to Charles about Jacqueline being in a better place in her life since the time she revealed her dark secrets to him is her statements every now and then in their conversations about her dreams getting better. 
Another area that concerns Charles is that Jacqueline’s emotionally supportive friend of so many years, Tina, has been missing for months…almost a year, from her life during this crucial time. Charles knows all their crucial time includes the unforeseen danger from Richard. Another crucial element is Charles’ desire to get a message to Tina about Jacqueline and Charles’ marriage engagement. Charles chose not to peruse the topic about getting in contact with Tina to tell her about their engagement when Jacqueline had made it painfully clear one day that Tina’s absence nor contacting her friend is not up for discussion. She even went about as far as questioning his abilities to listen well in bringing up the subject of Tina. Jacqueline demanded that Charles trust her in not wanting to talk about Tina. 
Tina’s absence still bothers Charles. He figures, They must have had some major falling out. Although it would have had to be very severe falling out since I know how much those two cares for the other. I don’t think it was a falling out. Something else happened. Something so severe that Jacqueline looks fearful when I bring up the subject of Tina’s absence from her life.
****
The return of Tina happens during a time when Charles is visiting at Jacqueline’s place. Charles is not in view of Jacqueline’s phone and did not notice Jaqueline’s message indicator going off to messages received. Jacqueline notices indicators for the messages of her phone going off and dismisses the first indicators during her conversations with Charles. 
But, it gets harder for her to ignore when a thought crosses her mind, Could it be Tina!!!
Charles notices Jacqueline’s distraction from their conversation. “You need to do check your messages Jacqueline?” 
Jacqueline, “Oh no. That’s alright Charles. I just got a little distracted. Go on with what you were telling me about your medical residency.” 
Charles continues, “Alright, I was saying I get so upset with these two residents getting special treatment. I wonder what did they do to get this special treatment? I start trying to figure it out for my own piece of mind…” 
Jacqueline drifts off from Charles telling of the two residents. She feels herself becoming frantic to excuse herself from Charles. This frantic state occurring when she realizes the message signals are coming quite frequently. Jacqueline so much desires to attend to the messages. If not for a quick scan of the messages to see if they are indeed from Tina. Jacqueline zones out from what Charles is saying to try to make up a story that is partly truthful to excuse herself from Charles. She figures that if the messages are not from Tina, then she can return to her talks with Charles.
The best idea Jacqueline can come up with is a half-truthful one. 
She focuses on Charles and interrupts his talk. “I apologize, Charles for cutting you off in the middle of your talk. But I need to attend to some messages I have been noticing coming over my phone. I have offered to be available to go in for one of the doctors if the need arose.” 
Jacqueline moves her body and reaches over Charles to pick up her phone. She sets herself back on the sofa slightly away from Charles, so he can’t see when she opens her messages. Jaqueline quickly scans her messages.
With anxiousness in her face, Jacqueline looks at Charles, “I got to go.”
Charles gives off a hurt look. “I did notice you were zoning out during my talk. Sure, I understand. Do what you need to. What can I do to help? Do you want me to go with you?”
Jacqueline torn up inside at ending their cherished time together. Jacqueline reflects, Darn, I hate not being able to share with Charles that it is Tina messaging me. Then he would ask many questions that I am not ready to answer now. 
Charles noticing Jacqueline’s inner turmoil lovingly voices, “I understand if you want to go alone. Just tell me if there is anything I can do.” 
Jacqueline weakly smiles, “Charles you are the best. I know you can tell I’m not in a good spot. I will contact you if anything comes up where I need your help. Thank you so much my love.” 
Jacqueline leans over to Charles and both kiss. Jacqueline retreats to her bedroom. She changes outfits as if to cover for a doctor. She returns to where Charles is standing near the sofa. Charles follows Jacqueline as she briefly looks at him. They both leave her apartment together. 
As Jacqueline and Charles are nearing her ATS coupe, he offers one more time. “I can go with you to attend to the residency matter.” 
Jacqueline explains, “It is something I want to handle alone, and hope you understand.” 
Charles expresses truthfully, “I do not understand, but I support your decision.” 
Jacqueline gives a nod to Charles thankful for his support. She unlocks her vehicle by touching the door handle. She enters her Cadillac ATS coupe. She starts her engine. Jacqueline sets up her electronics, lowers her driver’s window and waves goodbye to Charles as she quickly drives away. She raises her driver’s side window as she quickly makes her way to Tina. 
In between Jacqueline’s talks with Charles, rushing out the door, saying her goodbyes to him, Jacqueline had time to read quickly some of the messages from Tina. 
Jacqueline thinking about Tina. After all these months! She is alive! I hope all is well! A quick scan of the messages declared a theme. She has something very important to discuss with me. What needs to be discussed can’t be done over the phone. 
Tina had messaged Jacqueline coordinates for a meeting. Jacqueline is following those coordinates to Washington D.C. 
As Jacqueline is down the road going to Washington D.C., Charles is still standing on the road where he saw Jacqueline drive off. He is deep in reflection hoping Jacqueline doesn’t do anything drastic as he is concerned by how she acted before leaving. He is finding little comfort in making sure Jacqueline drove off safely. After several moments of thinking about Jacqueline’s state of mind, Charles decides to trust all will turn out well before heading to his own Ford Pick Up truck.
****
Washington, D.C. 
It is a somewhat safe place outside of the business district, but with enough privacy. 
When Bullet drives them to their destination, Tina pulls out of her purse and says her goodbye to PAL, a most amazing technologically advanced artificial intelligence. “I will miss you PAL.” 
“As I you Tina. It has been a pleasure. What an adventure. I will miss you. Goodbye.” 
Tina hands the artificial intelligence over to the deadliest of women assassins in the world named Bullet. “May I hug you Bullet. I know I’m asking much of you.” 
Bullet eyes Tina before she reaches over and huggs Tina tightly. Tina returning the closeness of the hug. They separate from their embrace. In silence, Tina exits the Lamborghini. Bullet slaps the sports car into gear quickly speeding away. Tina wistfully observing Bullet disappear into the darkness.
As Tina looks upon the Lamborghini sports car disappearing into the darkness, she is experiencing a combination of sadness and joy as her adventure of almost a year comes to an end. 
Tina is reflecting while she looks upon the tail lights of the Lamborghini speeding away. My life will never be the same. For almost a year, I worked with an advanced artificial life where I had negotiated with arms dealers and influential leaders of the world. My negotiations in helping Jacqueline took me to places all over the world. Some negotiating was of airspace attack on the Bagdad presidential palace of a former dictator. I went about coordinating a daring hit on an Amazon jungle cartel estate. I was involved in making deals for transportation of Combat-ready teams, heavy-duty weapons, Humvees, helicopter gunships to an African Congo jungle combat secured factory. I was part of a very special team for hitting the Dubai Burj Khalifa tallest structure in the world. What a special memory of being part of the set up for a daring retrieval of information from the Canton Tower in the Guangdong Province of China. There I was right down in the middle of an ocean battle when on a mission to laboratory nodes at the bottom of the Pacific Ocean went dangerous. I can’ believe I was with a mercenary team when one of them was breaking out of CIA custody. My final mission was at a senator’s office in Washington D.C.. Now, here I am driven in a Lamborghini to Washing D.C. outskirts where I currently find myself waiting for Jacqueline. Man, what an experience. I can’t believe I was part of such adventures. 
Tina continues her walks over to her parked ATS coup while sending several messages to Jacqueline. She unlocks her vehicle with the touch of her hand. She settles herself inside her vehicle’s plush leather seats. Now, Tina sits back waiting inside her vehicle for Jacqueline to arrive. Tina doesn’t have long to wait.
Jacqueline had made out to the coordinates for meeting Tina. She sees a Cadillac that looks like Tina’s in the dimly lit area. As Jaqueline is driving up to possibly Tina’s Cadillac ATS, Jacqueline’s heart is racing with excitement. Her breathing quickens when Jacqueline spots Tina getting out of her vehicle. She is standing there ready to meet Jacqueline. Jacqueline pulls up close to Tina’s vehicle. Jacqueline takes a deep breath at seeing her best friend alive and looking better than when they last saw each other. 
Jacqueline exits her vehicle. She approaches Tina. When close enough to each other, they both fall into each other’s arms to embrace for a long period of time. When they finally release each other, crying is streaming down their cheeks. Tina wiping her crying with her fingers while at the same time a welling up of emotional excitement and dread is occurring in what she needs to tell Jacqueline. 
Wiping her own crying, Jacqueline notices Tina is a combination of excitement and worry as Tina’ eyes dart around checking their surroundings. 
Tina, is no longer able to contain herself. She blurts out just loud enough for a macabre message to be heard only within their circle. “I have a story to tell you. It is going to be very horrible story! You are going to have an awareness of your family which will sicken you to the pit of your stomach!” 
Jacqueline is more excited about Tina being alive and present in the flesh than to take in the full meaning of Tina’s terrible message. 
Tina proceeds to get her friend to focus. “Jacqueline, are you listening? Did you hear about what I said about your family?” 
Jacqueline smiling from ear to ear, “I am.” 
Tina, “You are responding very differently than what I imagined.” 
Jacqueline with eyes focused on her friend’s face while tilting her head a little to the side, “I’m mostly so glad of you being alive after being gone for such a long time. Yes, I heard you. I heard you say something about abominable and terrible.” 
Tina allows her friend this time because of an awareness about the information she is going to share is going to hit Jacqueline hard. 
Tina decides to ease her friend into the terrible information by giving some background on what had occurred. “At the very beginning before my long absence, my family friend had successfully arranged for a secret meeting between your Mother and me. We met at the agreed secret location. A detailed conversation from your Mother happened informing what needed to be done to get leverage against Richard. 
Monica explained to me because of the severity of what we would be undertaking, I was not allowed to write anything down. It would be up to me to remember the details of our conversation since she trusted I was a brilliant young woman. Imagine, your Mother called me brilliant. 
Anyway, I carefully took mental notes at the time of what she was instructing. When the instructions were done, I understood she would need to acquire certain confidential materials from very secure locations in various parts of the world. She reluctantly agreed I would be the carrier of the acquired information, so my family’s friend contact’s identity would not be compromised. 
Also, it seemed to me it would be a very expensive operation acquiring the confidential materials in the manner Monica described. The exact details of what each of the items contained was not provided to me at our meetings with Monica. The only information your Mother provided about the materials to retrieve was the properties they would exhibit when found.” 
Jacqueline is just now taking in all that Tina is telling her. She continues to quietly listen as Tina continues from her pause to see if Jacqueline had finally joined Tina in comprehending what is being said. 
Tina continues, “After my meeting with Monica, a secret meeting with the family friend was set. When we met, I explained the parameters of the mission and provided instructions from Monica of the requirements for obtaining the confidential materials for each of the places throughout the world. 
My family friend diagramed how there would be an expanded network of persons and various items needed for such undertakings. There was great planning needed to break into the secure locations described by Monica. I understood the family friend’s objective was to keep the loss of life to a minimum, retrieve the confidential materials as quickly as possible, and leave the location with the confidential materials. 
The details of how the mission was going to be executed in each of the locations were going to include me in a surprising way. I trusted that my family’s friend would be able to oversee the missions and deliver the confidential materials to me. I needed to know the cost amount to make each mission happen to submit to Monica.” 
Jacqueline interjects, “Was it really you or Mother funding these expensive missions?” 
Tina clarifies, “My family friend was aware the funding of the missions would occur through your Mother. 
The cost of persons and items would be based upon acquiring the hidden items located in global settings of desert locations, jungle locations, deep isolated ocean locations, and well-fortified offices throughout the United States and China.” 
Jacqueline just now getting the serious nature of what her friend had been involved with all this time of her absence.
 She verbalizes her amazement “You got to be kidding me!!! This sounds too fantastic to be true! Loss of life to a minimum! Missions to secure locations throughout the world and the United States! Really?!!!”
At this point, Tina takes a pause to gather her thoughts. “Yes, Jacqueline. The missions given to us by your Mother were world-wide in very dangerous and secure locations. It took time to plan and execute these missions. After a successful mission, there was the part to turn over the retrieved items to your Mother. 
Your Mother’s strict instructions was to not explore the contents of the retrieved materials. She would be the sole receiver of these items and take possession of the recovered items at a determined place and time to be dictated by her.” 
Tina breaths deeply before she reveals to Jacqueline “As each of the items were obtained, they made no sense to me. It was not until much of the items were gathered and turned over to your Mother that I was able to put puzzle pieces of the retrieval sites and come to a plausible story with the help of the artificial life I worked with.” 
Tina goes into getting her thoughts to report the difficult findings. “The acquired materials were from both your Mother and your stepfather. This way if Richard found out security had been compromised at one of the secure locations, he would not suspect Monica. He would not suspect her because her secure locations would have also been compromised and items taken. It was brilliant on Monica’s planning. Also, Monica needed her own items to secure away from Richard so not to rouse Richard’s suspicion about what she was doing.  
Alright, I’m going to start with the biggest shocker for me in what I found out. Your younger stepbrother was not just from any random one-night stand sex who gave birth to Richard’s son! His son was the result from Richard’s ongoing sexual relations with a mistress; a business associate’s daughter; a woman named Elizabeth.” 
Jacqueline interrupts, “Elizabeth was Mother’s best friend. Richard and Mother would sometime be critical of her gossiping. But, Mother liked her as a friend anyway. Imagine that. What a terrible friend to do that to Mother.” 
Tina responds, “I thought the name sounded familiar. So, she took advantage of the situation. She knew she could get in good with Richard because your Mother could no longer have children. This because there was a complication at your birth that ended her ability to have any more children. 
After Elizabeth had her hold on Richard, they came up with a plan to end his marriage to your Mother and ruin life for the both of you. His plan was to leave your Mother and you with crumbs of a living compared to his massive fortune. His plan was on bringing Elizabeth into the household to replace Monica, and for you to be replaced by a male heir, Richard II to the family fortune.
Richard’s plan of setting his son to being heir began by bringing the boy into the household. He was so wicked to have done this while you and your Mother still resided with Richard. 
Next big shocker, your Mother had something to do with your younger stepbrother’s death through some exotic untraceable plants’ poison.” 
Jacqueline interjects, “Mother’s interest in the fundraiser for jungle exotic plants! She must have somehow convinced Richard too large of a fortune would be lost if he demolished this part of their business dealings. He chose profit over his own son’s death! That’s so outrageous!!!” 
Tina with high energy in her voice includes, “It was not only your stepbrother who died of the poison! The boy’s Mother Elizabeth also died of the same strange illness! Your stepfather couldn’t immediately prove this, but, he spent a fortune behind the scenes locating the means to get back at your Mother. He figured your Mother had been involved in the death of the two persons who were going to replace you and Monica. 
After several years, Richard did obtain the needed information to punish Monica and used it to hold your Mother hostage with the threat of her being sent prison for the murder of his child and the Mother of his child. Once in prison, he had contracts for having her killed by fellow prisoners.” 
Jacqueline in disbelief, “My Mother murdered two persons! I can only believe this outrageous story because it is you telling me about it.” 
Tina’s lips purse and her eyes look briefly away trying to tell of more severe news.
Jacqueline says with concern. “Don’t tell me there’s more.”
Tina with her face a little contorted, eyes her friend. “Unfortunately, yes, there is more. The recovered items tell something terrible when it comes to you. It’s going to be difficult for you to hear.” 
Jacqueline proclaiming, “Not any worse than my Mother murdering two persons!” 
Tina offers, “The information is bad. Your Mother is amazingly driven and survives the most difficult of situations at all cost. Monica can make amazing deals to buy herself time until she has a counter plan. I found out you my dear friend were part of an amazing deal to buy her time for these many years. 
She knew it may take these many years for her to plan on how to survive what Richard was planning to do to her. She needed time. You provided her with the means to give her time to gather information and plan how to bring Richard down. 
I was the last piece she needed to set her plan in motion. She must have been thrilled silly when you offered the opportunity for her to implement her long-awaited plan when you convinced her to help you get leverage against Richard while visiting them during the fundraiser.”
Tina swallows hard. Breaths in and out hard. “The hard part for me to tell you involves going back to a time when you were at your thirteenth year of your blossoming beautiful sexuality. Your Mother likely noticed how Richard had been coveting and lusting after you sexually like a dog in heat as he has with so many girls and women. The deal she made with the shark was he could have you as he desired as long as he didn’t get you pregnant.” 
Tina stops talking waiting for what she knows will happen to Jacqueline.
Jacqueline incredulously, “That’s what stopped him from putting his cock inside me and shooting his load! Me getting pregnant was the only condition for having his way with me. 
How could Mother have sold me out like that?!!! How could Richard have agreed to such a deal?!!!” 
Tina eyes her friend being careful in what she states. “I believe he knew this was enough torture for your Mother. He knew it would be torturous for her knowing her own daughter was being victimized sexually by him. I believe for Richard he knew that sexually violating you was more tortuous to your Mother than any instant killing of her. Also, it sure met his sexual lust of a young body. 
If your Mother did not agree to the deal, Richard threatened he would strategically release the incriminating items he had hidden into the necessary right hands for your Mother to go prison. In prison, he would pay off the right persons to have your Mother killed.”
Tina pauses and stares at her best friend for a reaction. During Tina’s account of her findings, Jacqueline has been on a roller coaster of emotions which include anger, shock, hurt, and fear. Tina’s accounts of the gathered items from her Mother and stepfather leave Jacqueline wanting to know something else.
Jacqueline with her eyes narrowed and furrowed brow voices. “All this information about my Mother and Richard is so awful!!! What now? What happens next? Are we safe? Oh, I so hate Mother and Richard!!!”

Chapter 19: Deadly 
Tina knows her friend well enough to provide the requested information about the current danger they are in. “I’m sure your Mother will soon put a major plan in play now that she has hers and Richard’s materials. She is going to ensure that something is done soon, especially without his knowledge.” 
Tina offers her friend cryptic advice. “Jacqueline, you need to stay away from interfering with your Mother as well as not respond to your Richard’s uncanny control to draw you back to him. Do whatever you can to not get caught up into whatever is about to unfold. It will be deadly for you.” 
With that final statement from Tina, Jacqueline is in turmoil as she understands that her friend has reached the end of a bizarre twisted tale and with deadly conclusion. It is difficult to process and grasp what Tina has informed her about how to deal with her Mother who had struck a deal with Richard. Jacqueline thinking about her Mother’s capacity to murder two persons who were now dead of a mysterious poison gathered from jungle vegetation. 
Tina sees Jacqueline’s distress, “I know you must be having a difficult time taking in all that I have told you. How are you going to stay safe? How are you going to stay away from your home?” 
After several moments of quiet reflection, Jacqueline faces Tina and offers, “No kidding that I’m having a tough time letting all this terrible information sink in. 
To stay safe, I am going to stay away from home through my support from you, from Charles, from Charles’ family, from my sessions with a professional. 
I think by staying away from home, I will be safe. I will be staying focused on Charles and staying focused on my medical profession. At first, I was not sure how the funding for my expenses continued since it was clear Richard was one angry bastard when I did not response to his beck and call to satisfy his sexual desires. 
Later with Charles, I surmised Mother had something to do with the funding for my living expenses. Other than that, I really do not want to know any more details.” 
From all the information provided by Jacqueline on how she is going to deal with the dangerous situation and stay safe, Tina focuses upon only one area. “What?!!! You scheduled and are going for professional help!!! That is amazing!!!” 
Jacqueline, “My getting professional help is what you caught in all I said. That’s what you focused on after I am telling you how I am going to safe!!!” 
They look at each other. They grin at each other then both laugh. There is a pause in their laughing. Both enjoy silence for a few moments to ease their tension. 
Jacqueline graciously offers, “Tina, you are an amazing person. You are an amazing friend for going extremely above what any friend could have done for me. I will be forever in your debt for such a task of getting leverage against Richard.” 
Jacqueline wipes a few tears from her eyes before she continues, “The amazing abilities that you have demonstrated in this undertaking of working with Mother are phenomenal. I did not know you had it in you to set up secret meetings, oversee secret missions, put together the puzzle pieces of the recovered items, and live to tell me all that you found out.” 
Jacqueline pauses from her talk with her friend to breath in hard and out at the enormity of what her friend did and survived.
Jacqueline truthfully acknowledges, “I mean it, Tina. The incredibly intelligent manner that you pulled off the second part of the plan is unbelievable.” 
Tina sidesteps her friend’s supportive remarks and instead questions, “How are you doing? Right now, at this moment.” 
Jacqueline offers a truthful response, “I feel nothing now. Which is not a good thing. I know the full impact of all that you have shared is going to hit me later. I think I am going to spend quite a bit of time alone reflecting and coming to terms with what I have learned from your findings. I am going to set up an emergency appointment with my doctor. That is all that comes to mind at this moment.” 
On that remark, Jacqueline reaches out, takes hold of Tina’s hand then pulls her in for a long embrace. Tina returning the embrace firmly. After releasing Tina, Jacqueline looks at her phone indicating the time is two in the morning. Jacqueline looks into Tina’s eyes. Tina wonders what is on Jaqueline’s mind. 
Jacqueline states, “Welcome back and well done my friend. I will never forget what you have done for me. I need to get back and tell something truthful to Charles about where I’ve been all night. I’m sure my story of helping out at the hospital had too many holes that he figured I was up to something else.” 
Tina returns, “You’re such an amazing friend Jacqueline. I could not bear the thought of losing you from my life to suicide if there was something I could do.” 
Jacqueline smiles back at Tina. Tina returns with a smile. 
Jacqueline takes a few steps toward her vehicle, turns and waves to Tina “Good night my friend. Until we meet again.” 
Tina waves at Jacqueline in return as she walks next to her vehicle’s door, “Good night to you also Jacqueline. It is wonderful to see you.” 
Jacqueline enters to her Cadillac ATS coupe, settles inside, starts her engine. Jacqueline buckles up before she pulls out first to begin her drive from Washington D.C. back to Stafford. 
As Jacqueline drives away from Tina in the early morning hours, she is thinking about something that is bothering her. As she is heading back to Stafford, she pulls to the side of the road. Jacqueline picks up her phone and is gazing through her phone quickly when she notices Charles had left messages for her several times during her time with Tina. 
She is still not sure how to handle what to tell him. She has the quiet drive back to think of something to say to Charles. Suddenly, a thought comes to Jacqueline about something she forgot to tell Tina. 
Jacqueline sends a message to Tina. ‘By the way. I am engaged to be married to Charles.’ 
Tina meanwhile is motionless in the spot where she had waved her goodbye to Jacqueline. She stares in silence into the night. Tina wondering what she needs to do next to get her life back in order. 
She knows her messaging signal goes off. I wonder if Jacqueline forgot something. 
Tina reads the message from Jacqueline and smiles and says softly to herself, “Really!!! Those two are engaged!!!” 
Tina smiling enters her vehicle and starts her engine. Tina pulls out shortly after reading Jacqueline’s message to begin her drive to her family’s home to do damage control of her relationship with them. She is filled with confidence knowing about her friend being engaged in such a difficult time in their lives.
****
Stafford Virginia. 
The following day upon waking, Jacqueline locates her phone and goes through the messages. She first decides to ease her friend’s worries about how she is doing from last nights’ disturbing talks by messaging Tina, ‘All is going as well as it can. Thank you for everything.’ 
There is an immediate response from Tina, ‘Grateful all is well as can be. I will be around if needed.’ 
Jacqueline messages back advise, ‘You need to get back to your life. I did not even ask where you are staying. What are your plans now that you have returned?’ 
Tina messages in return, ‘I have returned home with my family. I suggest we return to routines and the life we were doing.’
Jacqueline knows Tina’s message is about getting to be as normal as they can make it for their lives. This is so as not to rouse any suspicions that may have terrible consequences for them both.
Jacqueline concurs, ‘Agreed. Hoping you figure out what you want to do now with your life.’ 
She decides not to send any more messages yet and press Tina further. Jacqueline remembers the other person to ease from worries is Charles. 
Jacqueline finds the messages she had shared with Charles early in the morning before her going to bed, she reads what she had messaged him earlier. ‘Returned safely. Would like to set up a time for being with you. I apologize for keeping you worried.’ 
In reading her messages after communicating with Charles, Jacqueline notices that he had responded back before she had awakened.
Charles’ message reads, ‘Relieved you returned safe. You seemed rather bothered before leaving for D.C. Yes, I would like for us to get together soon. I love you.’ 
There is little time to herself or to be with Charles. When she finally did have an odd time off with Charles, it was to update him about the latest emotional upheaval in her life. Now she is going to have to talk to him about a volcanic upheaval from Tina’s return to what she has learned about her family from Tina in Washington D.C.
Jacqueline includes in her response to Charles message, ‘I am setting an emergency appointment with the doctor. I have something important I need to talk with you. Something major has happened. I need to talk with you regarding something that has come up that greatly impacts us. I love you.’ 
Jacqueline sends her message to Charles. She goes about calling her doctor’s office. Jacqueline reaches her doctor’s receptionist. The receptionist sets an appointment to see her doctor in two days. Jacqueline is relieved and thanks the receptionist.
Jacqueline goes about her day’s routines of her life with the almost inhuman drive for success, an uncanny focus to accomplish a goal, and maintaining her reputation of being ruthless for what she desires lessened. With her residency now in surgery, Jacqueline enjoys the medical experience and challenge. Her previous circle of friends is now in different areas of the country with different schedules. Jacqueline is just getting to know her current circle of friends. 
Jacqueline shows up at Charles’ place in the afternoon where she plans to unload her latest major upheaval onto Charles. Charles is waiting for Jacqueline and guides them both to settle on his comfortable couch. In between their catching up regular conversations, Jacqueline just throws it out there. 
“Tina’s back. I couldn’t tell you before her return that she has disappeared all this time to work behind the scenes with mercenaries. Tina, Mother, and the mercenaries went all over the world retrieving confidential items from secure locations to use against Richard.” 
Jacqueline pauses. Charles just stares at her. Jacqueline thinks, He’s not yelling or angry at this moment. Maybe that’s a good sign. 
Jacqueline continues with what Tina has uncovered. “It turns out Mother murdered my stepbrother and Richard’s mistress who gave birth to Richard II. The mistress was Mother’s best friend Elizabeth. Richard knew Mother was involved somehow in their death. 
He went about finding the information as Richard knows how. Richard had the information he needed against Mother and threatened to imprison her and have her killed in prison for what Mother had done. To buy herself time, Mother pimped me out to Richard to be his sex toy with the condition he not get me pregnant. 
With Tina’s help, Mother now has all the confidential materials she needs to put into action against Richard. God knows what action she is going to take against Richard. In my talk with Tina last night, I agreed with her that we all need to stay away from Mother and Richard for however long it takes for whatever is going to happen next. It is going to be dangerous for all of us regarding what will happen next with Mother’s plan or if Richard finds out.” 
Jacqueline quiets and looks at Charles trying to read what he is thinking. Charles with narrowed eyes and lowered eyebrows just stares hard at her for several movements. 
When he can’t hold it any longer, Charles responds angrily to what Jacqueline has said. “If you really do not want to tell me what really went on last night, that is your choice. Don’t make up such a fantastic story! You expect me to believe all this crap?!!!” 
Jacqueline counters with the same force. “It is all true! My friend Tina is back. She is the one I met with in D.C. Tina told me all this time she was gone for almost a year she was with mercenaries. She told me she worked with Mother to coordinate missions with the mercenaries to get information to save my life from Richard.” 
Charles interrupts, “You never really told me the reason Tina was no longer in your life for almost a year. I don’t know if the both of you had a falling out and you’re giving me this story to cover for it. 
You really expect me to believe she’s back from an adventure only seen in action movies. You must be kidding me!!! 
Alright, let’s say I believe you about where Tina has been all this time. How do you expect me to believe Tina is telling the truth about you, your Mother, and Richard? 
How do you expect…”
Jacqueline’s turn to interrupt. “It’s called trust in a relationship Charles. You are going to have to trust what I’m telling you is of my experience with Tina last night. As for trusting what she told me about Mother and Richard, the information Tina told me are the missing pieces I have been searching for all my life. I know the information is true because it all fits into the holes in my life.  
Things I knew Mother can do but suspected were verified. Things I have had to suffer because Mother used me as her pawn make sense! I don’t know what else I could say to convince you about the severity and truthfulness of the information offered by Tina and me.” 
Jacqueline move her head as she looks away for some moments as there is tense quiet between Jacqueline and Charles. 
Jacqueline faces him again. “Tell you what. I invite you to go with me to my upcoming doctor’s appointment. Because all Tina told me is already starting to wreak havoc with my emotions. I have such strong urges to kill myself. Death seems like a peaceful alternative to me now after finding out all the horrible things of my family.” 
Charles notices Jacqueline’s emotional turmoil in her face and in her body.  
Charles reaches a point in reconciling with Jacqueline, “Even though I’m still in disbelief about what Tina has done and discovered, I apologize for not trusting what you said to me. I’m having trouble letting the enormity of what you’re telling me sink in. 
I guess what you have told me is so unbelievable for regular persons’ lives. I’m having a hard time embracing such horrible treatments of humans and children as Tina says about you and your family could happen to real people. 
How about we just stay quiet for a few moments.” 
Jacqueline nods her head in agreement. They lean into each other, lovingly embracing quietly. After a while, the truth of what Jacqueline says to Charles about Tina and what she told Jacqueline begins to sink into Charles as he begins to put the pieces of the puzzle together himself. 
Charles is feeling a more deepening affection for Tina when he comes to the realization about what she has done for Jacqueline. 
Charles breaks their tender silence when he voices to Jacqueline, “I believe you. I will be forever in Tina’s debt for what she has done for you. 
I’m now as concerned for you about what you found out about your Mother and Richard. I’m also worried about for what happens next during these dangerous times of waiting.” 
Jacqueline’s head resting on Charles’ chest nods in agreement. 
After this difficult moment in their relationship, both still find each other fulfilling, enjoyable, and supportive. Charles goes with Jacqueline to her doctor’s appointment. They process some very heavy-duty issues. Jacqueline and Charles are guided what to do in their lives in the next therapy sessions in how to heal, move on, and support each other.  
Charles’ residency is in neurology which is keeping him very busy. When they do set a time to meet with each other, Jacqueline and Charles share each other’s experiences about their rotations, their thoughts about their supervising doctors, and their thoughts about their medical peers. All the while both make sure to steer away from revealing anything about Tina’s missions and what she discovered in her missions around the world to anyone else.
****
Tina’s Mansion Home, Hamptons
Tina had not finished her last semester at Harvard Law when she left for her worldwide adventure with Monica and the mercenary missions around the world in helping Jacqueline. She knows she first must mend her relationship with her parents and siblings. 
It is the early hours of the morning Tina makes it to her home in the Hamptons after meeting with Jacqueline in Washington D.C. She is excitedly greeted by mansion staff. The staff awaken her parents with the exciting news that Tina is waiting for them in the grand salon. Her Mother and Father quickly slipping into their robes and slippers hurriedly with concern on their faces make their way out of their luxurious mansion bedroom. 
Karl looking at Adala as they hurry to the salon, “Can’t believe she’s back!!!”
Adala staring ahead as they quickly make their way to the salon, “Now hold it together Karl. I know you want to let our daughter really have it and punish her in some way.” 
Karl nods his head in agreement. He breathes in and out heavily to calm himself. He is more upset about all that could have happened to his daughter gone for such a long time. The worse was not knowing if she was alive all this time. 
Karl and Adala continue to rush down to the salon in silence to meet Tina in the grand salon. The same salon where their Germany adventure with a Sultan had once begun. 
When Karl and Adala enter the grand salon, Tina is sitting in one of beautifully crafted plush chairs. She looks at her parents approaching her. She rises from her chair and walks towards her parents. When her parents and Tina are close enough to each other. They stop to stare at each other. There is silence between them for several moments. Each waiting for the other to make the first move.
Tina notices her Mother’s crying running down her face. Adala can take it no more, she rushes to embrace her daughter hard. Tina is caught by surprise not expecting this action from her Mother. She returns embracing her Mother just as hard. Crying is running down Tina’s face onto her Mother’s robe. Tina’s Father Karl walks up slowly till just behind Adala her Mother. 
Karl showing no signs of emotion while Adala and Tina are embracing hard. “Welcome back Tibeldie. I’m glad you are safe. You had your Mother worried sick. What do you have to say for yourself?” 
Adala breaks away from her hard embrace of Tina. She faces Karl and reaches out to touch him on his chest to calm him, “Karl, please!” 
Tina voices. “It’s alright Mother. Both of you have every right to be angry with me. What I must say to the both of you is that I apologize for having put you through what I have done. I know I must be a big disappointment to the family. I know it’s going to take a while to earn your forgiveness and trust me again. I need your help in getting my life back.” 
Even her tough Father softens just a little as he says. “All three of us need to sit, talk, go over options of what can be done now in our daughter’s life and in her studies.”  
All three sits in comfortable chairs. Karl starts off by facing Adala, “We need to get Tibeldie back to her law studies.” 
He looks over to Tina. She nods her head in agreement of wanting to get back to her law studies. Karl looks at Adala for a response. Adala also nods in agreement. 
Karl faces Tina, “Here’s what I think can be done…” 
They talk and reach agreements of what they will do next in getting Tina’s life back in order. All three in their talks too excited to go to bed. 
The sun comes up. The mansion staff prepares breakfast. When Tina’s sister Irmalinda and brother Valentin arrive for breakfast in their non-interested manner, they stop in their tracks, shocked to see their big sister Tina sitting in her designated chair. Tina stands from her chair and walks toward her siblings. Her sister and her brother rush at her. All three embracing hard with Irmalinda making soft crying sounds. All three shedding tears. 
Irmalinda moves slightly away from embracing Tina stating “I hate you for leaving us. I was worried sick something terrible had happened to you.” 
Valentin voicing, “I don’t know how long I can hate you for what you did. But, I’m so glad you’re safe and back with us” 
They go back to hugging each other hard. Irmalinda is the first to finish embracing, then Valentin letting go of Tina. Tina, Irmalinda, and Valentin seat themselves. Tina’s sister and brother erupting into asking all sorts of questions the parents had not during their time with Tina. Tina offering just enough general information about her travels throughout the world without revealing what she was really doing all this time. Talks continue while serving themselves breakfast and eating. Tina answering more questions about the places around the world she had traveled. She tones down a lot about some of the danger she had encountered, vaguely mentioning being protected by the security she had with her. 
Tina slowly being accepted back into her family. It is a difficult and long process but as successful as it could be given the circumstances. Tina knows that in time her family will embrace her back as much as they can trust her after she hurt them with what they believe is reckless endangerment of herself.  
With her parent’s connections, they made it happen for Tina to continue with her studies in law. Tina gets back into the swing of her life till she reaches her goal graduating from law school. She is going forward with a drive and understanding of herself that had not been there before. 
She makes time to catch up with her circle of friends already graduated from law school when gathered at a favorite hangout, The Parish Café, getting her to tell them all about what she did when was gone for almost a year. All present agreeing that Tina, taking time off to rest, was the best thing for her. 
Tina to herself, Rest, huh! If they only knew! 
Many of her friends were already with high power law firms. 
Each of them enticing Tina, “Come on Tina join us. You know ours is better.” 
“Theirs may be better but they are so full of themselves. It’s all about how good they look in a big-time firm.” 
“Social justice Tina. Come with us. You’re a social justice kind of person. Work for the underdog.” 
Tina not agreeing to any of the offers. “All those are great offers guys. I will not be joining any of your ranks till I’m finished my studies.” 
Her friends tease her and have a good time till the early morning hours of the next day. It is in gatherings like this that Tina feels alive to go forward with her life while maintaining regular contact with Jacqueline. 
When they talk to each other again Jacqueline and Tina avoiding the topic of Monica and Richard’s demise of one or the other going on behind the scenes of their lives. They come up with scenarios of what may happen. If Richard came out victorious against Monica, they were all doomed to death. On top of this for Monica, if Richard figures out the role Tina had played in gathering information for Monica, Tina and her family will be in danger. The heavy burden weighing on Jacqueline, Charles, and Tina is who among them will experience Richard’s wrath first and in what manner if he comes out victor. Jacqueline, Tina, and Charles keeping their stress about Richard to themselves even when the three gathers for some enjoyable times together. 
As before, Jacqueline and Tina meet at one of their favorite hangout places named, The Parish Café in Boston when their schedules allowed. They talk more about Charles, Tina’s current love interest, about Tina’s family, and lastly checking in with each about their emotional states. 
Jacqueline begins this time while looking into Tina’s eyes, “How are you doing with finishing off your law studies and holding onto your sanity after what you have been through in almost a year?” 
Tina breaks from her silence of the subject they normally do not talk about. “I am doing considerably well with my law studies and accomplishing what I need for my profession to unfold.
My parents have been so supportive in helping me get my life back. However, there are times when I am in immense turmoil in coming to terms with the fact that I am an accessory to covering up two murders. The murders of a child and his Mother. It bothers me more as I’m getting closer to becoming an officer of the law. It is very difficult for me to keep this secret. It is very hard for me to stomach…to fathom how you kept on going and keeping Richard’s sexual relationship, and your attempts to kill yourself a secret from me these many years.” 
Jacqueline only offers, “You make a choice, as I did, in coming to terms with conflicts that rips at one’s soul.”
It is Tina’s turn to ask about her friend’s state. “How are you holding up in all this? I want to know about your drive to kill yourself?” 
Jacqueline, “I am doing well with processing my demons through the professional appointments, through allowing Charles to be a major support in my life. It really helps me in having you back in my life. 
I am very fearful about not knowing from either my Mother or Richard in quite some time what they are doing. At first it did not bother me. I knew there would be silence from Mother’s part ever since she informed me to contact you. The only time she contacted with me was to acknowledge receipt of an encrypted message to her that Charles and I were engaged. I knew that Richard had checked up on my new residency and did not have any strings to pull. So, I had used this as a valid reason for not worrying about Richard.” 
Silently in their minds Jacqueline and Tina can see it in each other’s eyes that both have arrived at the same conclusion. 
Tina begins, “I do not know what course of action I will take if something does happen to Richard where he ends up dead.” 
Jacqueline supports, “I am fearful Mother will take the same course of action she has in the past with two deaths.” 
More silence between Jacqueline and Tina.
Jacqueline speaks. “It may sound evil of me, but my problem with Richard will be solved if he dies. Mother’s problem of him sending her to prison for life and then having her killed would not occur.” 
Tina only stares at her friend accepting the truth in what she has said.
****
Barcelona, Spain
Richard had finished with a successful business meeting. While on his way to his beach front penthouse, Richard makes some calls to follow up with his privately hired mercenaries. It bothers him to no end that some type of organization is targeting specific areas of his personal and business places. At first, he thought it was Monica. Richard was hoping it was her, so he could use this as the reason to send her to prison then have her killed in prison. But, it turns out Monica’s places have also been hit. It bothers Richard greatly that he can’t figure out who the organized group attacking his and Monica’s places are. All he has as the last clue is that it is some young woman who seems to be very involved in the attacks. Richard’s blood boils when thinking that his best contracted mercenaries suddenly disappear without a trace. 
Richard decides to put his worries aside and find someone to have a good fuck with. With a firm conviction, he chooses to enjoy himself in Nova Icaria Beach in Barcelona. Richard reflect that this beach is known for attracting the interest of mostly a very young crowd. His limo drops him off at his beach penthouse location. Richard uses his private key for his private elevator to make into his luxurious penthouse. In no time, Richard changes into his swimming trunks, orders his personal staff to attend to his needs on his personal area, and heads for the beautiful tropical day at the beach.
While being served his favorite drink, Richard lustfully eyeing mostly naked young women’s bodies as they strolled in front of him on the beach. He is going over selection criteria and strategies how he will seduce his intended victim. Richard spies a young woman that gets his sexual juices going. She’s walking slowly in front of him admiring the ocean. He can tell she’s very young. Her large luscious breast barely being covered by her black bikini top. He gawks at her breast nipples poking through her bikini top. Her black bikini bottom thong allowing Richard to take in the way her curvaceous hips move. The sultry look of her glistening voluptuous bottom arousing for him. Already Richard is starting to feel getting a hard on in his swim trunks. Richard has his victim. So, he thinks. 
He approaches her. Richard uses his charm and strategies that have worked so well for him in the past on this young victim. 
He stands close enough behind her. “Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears from sight!”
Richard sees the young woman slowly turn around to face him. He feels so aroused by her confidence, her body, her stare. He sees how she scans him slowly from head to toes. 
She looks straight into his eyes to voice to him. “You not bad looking for an old man. I like your confidence. 
I’m going to be honest with you. I only like old men who are very rich. How rich are you?”
Richard uses his charismatic smile and charm to cleverly inform the young woman of his status as one of the richest men in the world. He pauses from saying more to gather if the young woman is interested in him. 
She eyes him with those most hypnotizing of eyes. “Well, you got my interest. 
I’m hoping you are married.”
Richard taken a little by surprise. “Why yes. Is that one of your criteria for rich old men?”
With a seductive smile of her oyster-white teeth. “Why of course it is. I only want sex with rich old men. I don’t want them clinging to me or wanting to love me. That’s why I prefer they are married.
I get my kicks of sexing up old rich married men that will not go chasing after me.
Now, you are going to have to prove all you’ve said to me about how rich you are. Where are you staying?”
Richard takes his private penthouse card out from his swim trunk’s hidden pocket. He turns halfway around and points to the luxurious penthouse place with arm extended using his key card. He turns back around to face the young woman.
“I approve. Lead the way.” She says as she wraps her arm around his arm. 
Richard dismisses his private staff who had been attending to him on his private beach set up of chair and umbrella. He and the young lady making clever conversations as they walk along the beach heading toward his penthouse. 
Once inside the lobby, Richard guides them to a private elevator. He inserts his special key card into a slot of a rather hidden elevator in a very suggestive sexual manner. The elevator doors open. Richard guides them both inside the elevator. 
“So far you are proving yourself. I’m guessing this is a private elevator to one of the best penthouses of this place.” She eyes him as he turns to face her.  
Richard is secretly besides himself to have landed such a prize. Even more surprisingly pleased when she unlocks her arm from his arm and reaches out to stop the elevator from going up to his luxurious penthouse. She suddenly takes command and throws him down on the elevator floor. She roughly pulls down his swim trunks. His notices his cock is large, shiny, and hard ready for sex. 
She straddles him from on top planting her bare feet on each side of his hips. She moves her thong away revealing her Brazilian waxed vagina like pedals of a flower exposing the pinkish flesh of sexual desire. The young woman crouches down and positions her love cave right up to his penis. She grabs Richard’s penis hard. While holding onto his penis, she moves her pelvis till she presses her love cave right up to his large hard cock. To his painfully pleasurable surprise, she drops her body full force. He is sliding inside her like he had never experienced going inside a woman. He moans in uncontrollable sexual pleasure. 
She does short shallow thrusts followed by a few long hard thrusts, and a grinding motion. Her clitoris and labia areas swelled massively with more of these motions. She continues her pattern of thrusting on top of him. His pain face signals to her that he feels strong orgasm sensations. She slows her thrusting motions until she feels his full erection pleasing her. She continues riding on top of him with pattern of thrusts that please Richard greatly. She rides him with short shallow thrusts followed by a few long hard thrusts with grinding motion. Richard’s moan and face tell her again that he has orgasmed. She with the slow thrusting motions building up to the hard grinding motion thrust for bringing Richard back to a hard erection. 
She brings both his hands up to gently massage her fully erect nipples while she drops her bikini top down exposing her large round breast. She feels sensations of tingling and tension in her clitoris area, building up to faint sparks of tingling and tension. She concentrates all her energies, both physical and mental, as she increases the power of her thrust and grinding. She suddenly experiences a suffusion of warmth spreading from my pelvis through the rest of her body, culminating in throbbing sensations in her pelvis. She experiences a hot rush, a sudden breathtaking dousing of all the nerves of her body in pleasure for more time than before.  She lays on his chest while raising her bottom. Richard reads her mind and continues with powerful long strong pelvic thrusts slapping her bottom until he feels another of his massive ejaculation of cum inside her. Even after his orgasm, he continues with his strong powerful thrust a few more times. 
She painfully brings Richard and herself to body shaking screaming orgasms again…again…again…again. She painfully, pleasurably scratches Richard during one of their many body trembling orgasms with her ruby-red fingernails. 
Richard is the one who finally breathlessly surrenders. “Stop. Stop. I can’t take any more.”
His body weakened by the sexual experience, she removes herself from on top of him. She lifts her pelvis till his penis comes out from inside her love cave of pleasure. He stares at his loss of an erection coming out from inside her. He stares as his semen and her vaginal fluids gushed out from inside her onto his pelvis
While he slowly makes his way up from the elevator floor, while bringing up his swim trunks, he notices their sexual juices dripping from around her thong as she stands with her legs wide open. His nostrils filled with the smell of sex thick in the elevator air. 
As she brings her bikini top back into place, she starts the elevator. The elevator hums going to its floor, she turns around to face him. 
She tells Richard. “I will forever remember this beach because of you. 
Now, I must go my way never to have anything with you again.”
Richard not believing his luck on not having to think of ways to get rid of her. 
The elevator comes to a stop. The elevator doors open. Richard leaves her in the elevator as he makes his way feebly out. 
Before the elevator doors close, Richard hears the young woman say. “By the way. My name is Carol. I hope you go back to your wife and forget about me.” 
Richard says nothing to the young woman as he hears the elevator doors close. As he makes his way to his luxurious penthouse with a sexual satisfaction like no other time, he thinks about going to find Carol when he has a need for this type of sex again.


Chapter 20: A Funeral 
The day arrives when the silence of whether it be Monica or Richard to be victor is breached. Jacqueline receives a message from her Mother. 
‘Richard is deathly ill.’ 
‘The best doctors have been brought in to address his unknown illness.’ 
‘You need to come home because the doctors do not know how much time Richard has left.’ 
Jacqueline immediately messages Monica, ‘I will be there as soon as I make arrangements. I want to bring some people with me for support.’ 
She is surprised when Monica immediately messages back. “Bring whoever you wish.”
Jacqueline breathing hard and working fast to get this latest information to Tina, ‘Call me, the day is here. Mother is the one who made contact.’ 
To Charles, she messages. ‘Call me, emergency, Mother contacted me.’
Tina reaches out first, Jacqueline answers, “Hi Tina.”
Tina “Hi Jacqueline. We have to get together and discuss our next plan of action.” 
Jacqueline and Tina discuss what they will do next. An agreement is reached. 
At a surprising turn, Tina offers, “You should include Charles in this planning and have him go with us to your home.” 
In their conversations about including him in their planning and on this trip to Jacqueline’s home, they both go back and forth about it was good idea, it was a bad idea to involve Charles. They come to a compromise to immediately meet in a location that would offer them privacy. 
Jacqueline voices at the end of their discussion, “Then the both us will go to Boston.” 
Tina expresses, “Then we agree to meet in my family’s business office like we had when this whole adventure began.” 
Jacqueline with excitement in her voice. “Agreed.” 
They end their conversation on the phone. Both make plans to meet at the agreed upon office location later that day. 
Jacqueline messages Charles, ‘Tina and I talked about something major that’s happened. I’m meeting with Tina in Boston.’ 
She messages Charles some more information after giving some thought, ‘Do not worry. I will update you soon. You are included in our plans to go with us to my home. I love you.’ 
Jacqueline takes a Relentless helicopter to Tina’s family’s office building. Tina takes a private jet and limo to the agreed upon location. 
Tina is standing next her limo when Jacqueline’s helicopter lands. Jacqueline leaves the helicopter holding her hair down as the blades of the Relentless slow. Jacqueline quickly makes her way an awaiting Tina with the limo driver holding the limo door open for them. 
When Jacqueline is close enough, Tina voices, “You made it my friend. Now for our meeting.”
Jacqueline, “We both made it. What a time we are living.” 
Tina enters the limo first followed by Jacqueline. They settle into their plush leather seats. None of the two say anything until they are nearby to Tina’s family business office. 
Tina can’ hold it anymore, “Oh my God it happened. Monica did Richard in first. But, we shouldn’t say anymore until we are inside the office.” 
Jacqueline, “I agree.” 
The limo stops, the limo driver opens the limo door. Jacqueline steps out first followed by Tina. Jacqueline looks back as Tina walks up to her for both to make it to the office in the agreed upon silent manner. Tina had made sure the office space was secure. Once security is verified in the office, they wildly begin talk over each other. 
Jacqueline first. “I can’t believe Mother actually did it. Mother is so deadly.” 
Tina, “The great Richard taken down by Monica.” 
Jacqueline, “We get to live!” 
Tina, “Our side won!” 
Finishing off each other’s sentences, Tina, “She must have…” 
Jacqueline, “…Used the same poison that…” 
Tina, “…She used on your stepbrother and his Mother. The doctors…”
Jacqueline, “…will find Richard to be the victim of another mysterious illness. Do you think…”
Tina, “…that Richard will die. I don’t know.” 
Jacqueline and Tina faces show burden to each other with the consequences of the circumstances now regarding the strong possibility of Richard’s death at the hands of Monica. 
Jacqueline, “Surely the authorities will figure something wrong in all this with another mysterious death around my Mother.” 
Tina, “How can Monica expect to get away with this murder a third time? I’m pretty sure Richard is going to die.” 
Jacqueline, “I bet Mother is already a person of interest on a police investigation list with the other two deaths.” 
Tina, “So, what happens to us when we are linked with Monica killing Richard?” 
Both are trying to put together their thoughts, emotions, and what to do next. In the end, both agree to what Tina says out loud. “We agree then about what we must do of keeping secret Monica’s killings.” 
Jacqueline, “We have to take this information about what Mother did with two others and to Richard to our graves.” 
Tina, “We have to make sure nobody finds out what happened to Richard because of us.” 
Jacqueline, “We have to talk to Charles about the serious predicament we find ourselves in with Richard’s pending death.” 
Tina, “Charles must be convinced to do the same as us in keeping information about Monica and Richard a secret.” 
Jacqueline, “We agree then about what we have to do about the secret.” 
Tina, “Yes, we do agree. Well, we’ll go ahead and message Charles. We need to begin getting him to the point of accepting our terms.”
Jacqueline messages Charles again. ‘Important, call me my love.’ 
No response. ‘It’s about Mother. We have to talk.’ 
No response. ‘Call me now, important stuff.’ 
No response.
Tina messages Charles also. ‘Charles, call me or Jacqueline.’ 
No response. 
‘Charles big thing to discuss. Call me or Jacqueline.’ 
No response.
‘Hey, Charles, call me, it’s important.’ 
Jacqueline and Tina continue sending messages again and again with no success. It has been difficult to reach him. They go about using all means available to them to send messages to Charles. 
When Charles has a small break from his hectic schedule, he is overwhelmed that something major must have happened as he had not ever experienced Jacqueline and Tina attempting to contact him in this manner. 
When Charles does respond, it was with concern in his voice when he calls Jacqueline. “I got all these messages from you and Tina. So, something major has happened since I am getting messages from you and Tina from all types of communication sources.” 
Jacqueline explains briefly. “There is a concern about a family member’s health that needs to be addressed quickly. Mother’s message said the doctors do not give Richard much time to live. 
Can you meet us as soon as you can at my apartment? We want to discuss you coming with us to my home.” 
It takes a few moments for Jacqueline to hear a response from him. At first, she thinks the connection with Charles has gone dead. 
Charles voice breaks through the silence as he states his surprise. “It has finally come! What we waited for has happened. Monica gave the message. I get to go with you to your home. Sure! I will meet you shortly at your apartment. 
All this time with you, I have tried to convince you for a chance to visit your family. The time has arrived where the invitation is offered, but I do not want to go since I know what has happened in the past, and what has likely occurred regarding the pending death of your stepfather. Don’t get me wrong. This is something I have longed to do for such a long time. But, these circumstances have me thinking this may not be a good idea.” 
Jacqueline hears where Charles is coming from. She counters, “If there was a time in my life I needed your support, this is it.” 
Silence again from Charles. 
This time Charles informs Jacqueline, “I will make arrangements to be able to go with you. Are we leaving from your apartment? If not, when and where shall I meet you for our departure to your home?” 
Jacqueline, “Tina and I will need to make some calls. Once we have transportation finalized I will message you. Yes, head out to my place. Tina and I will be there before we leave for my home.” 
Charles, “I will meet you and Tina at your place when I leave my residency in Virginia.” 
Jacqueline reports “Tina is with me at this moment. We are in Boston at this time. I sent you a message earlier. I will contact you when we arrive at my apartment.” 
Charles states, “What do you mean you and Tina are in Boston? No, don’t tell me anything else. I’m sure I will get the full story when I meet up with the both of you. I’ll see you at your place my love.” 
“See you my love. I will send you a message about the details for our transportation later.” Jacqueline does a sigh of relief. 
Charles, “I’ll be waiting for those details, love you.” 
Charles and Jacqueline end their conversation. 
Jacqueline relieved, Great, Charles understands and is coming with us. 
With Jacqueline and Tina making all the necessary contacts, the preparations are finalized for a limo and the private jet. Jacqueline, Tina, and Charles getting prepared for time of pick up by the limo at Jacqueline’s place. Tina and Jacqueline leave Tina’s business family’s office. Jacqueline is surprised that Tina has already packed and has her luggage in the limo. 
Their limo takes them to the waiting helicopter Relentless. Tina boards with Jacqueline the Relentless. The blades of the luxurious helicopter beat the cool air. The miniature dust and debris storm occurring before the helicopter lifts into the air. Jacqueline and Tina settle into their plush leather seats as the Relentless beats the blades faster in the air lifting into the cool afternoon sky. The Relentless flies them to the private airfield where there is a limo waiting to transport Jacqueline and Tina to Jacqueline’s apartment in Stafford. 
Freshened up and ready at Jacqueline’s place, both go about discussing a strategy of persuading Charles of taking their secret about the whole matter of Monica’s murders to the grave once he arrives. 
Tina facing Jacqueline. “So, which option do we use with Charles for him to embrace the agreement of a death pact? Shall we threaten him with his life? No, too extreme. Hey, maybe we can threaten him with you leaving him if he does not come on board with the pact to secrecy.” 
Jacqueline expresses, “Tina, you are so extreme with your ideas. Let’s do what we need to. We have just enough time to convince him to an agreement about a death pact of secrecy and give him highlights of our plan before he arrives.” 
Soon, Charles pulls up to Jacqueline’s lavish apartment place in his old pick-up truck. He parks his truck. He exits his truck. He grabs his bags out from the truck bed. He walks to Jacqueline’s apartment noticing the limo. 
Charles rings Jacqueline’s lavish apartment’s doorbell. He is surprised when Tina suddenly swings the door open and yanks him inside. Tina with excitement says, “Charles we need a death pact of secrecy from you.” 
Jacqueline running up to both, while facing Charles. “We have to make sure that what we know about Monica and her possible links to three murders stays secret.”
Charles turning his head rapidly facing both. Tina getting Charles attention by touching his shoulder, “If we get linked to Monica and the murders of the two and possibly the third person, we will be in so much legal trouble.” 
Charles opens his mouth to speak. Tina interrupts, “No time for chit chat Charles, the limo is waiting for us. We have to get going.” 
Jacqueline voices as she is carrying her bags, “We’ll have to do more talking at some point.” 
Charles nods his head in agreement. He silently picks up his bags and helps with carrying some of Jacqueline and Tina’s bags. They make it to where the limo is waiting for them. 
Jacqueline facing Charles, “Put the bags down Charles so the limo driver can load them.” 
Jacqueline and Tina put down their bags. Charles puts down the women’s bags. 
The limo driver loads Jacqueline and Tina’s bags, with Charles insisting, “I can load my own bags.” 
The driver allows Charles this. Jacqueline and Tina are already settling inside the limo when Charles enters and sits next to Jacqueline. 
Jacqueline with a look at Charles, “What took you so long to come inside with us?” 
The limo door closes.
Charles, “Nobody loads my bags. I’m fit enough to load them.” 
Jacqueline looks at Charles, “I see. You like to fend for yourself.” 
The limo pulls out. The limo takes them to their private jet hangar destination. All three silent for their own reasons as they are driven to the private jet waiting for them. Jacqueline and Tina each wondering how they were going to convince Charles to join them in the secret pact about Monica’s murders. 
Charles struggling with his moral compass of what is the right thing to do knowing enough that Monica has done something deadly to Richard. Jacqueline, Tina, and Charles arrive at their destination. Charles follows Jacqueline’s lead is staying seated waiting for the limo driver to open their door. The limo door opens. Tina steps out first. Jacqueline is next with Charles following close behind her. Jacqueline and Tina saunter toward the waiting jet. Charles proceeds to go to the trunk of the limo to retrieve his bags. The three are met at the private jet hangar by the flight crew. The limo driver and private jet staff load Jacqueline and Tina’s bags with Charles insisting he can handle his own bags. Charles holding up the process as his bags are loaded last. He scampers up the private jet ramp. 
The private jet door closes shortly after Charles gets inside. Tina and Jacqueline are already seated. Charles joins Jacqueline. Just as Charles is seated, they feel the private jet taxi to its runway then shortly thereafter takes off. 
They are flown away to their destination. On the flight, there is little conversation between the three of them. All three are caught up in their own thoughts with their own focus. Charles and Jacqueline finally calm enough to nestle together. Meanwhile, Tina goes about leaning her head back against the plush luxurious leather chair. She closes her eyes. After a while, Jacqueline and Charles fall asleep in each other’s arms. 
All three are awakened by the private jet staff. The groggy sleepy three are informed that they are nearing their destination. 
Charles questions out loud for anyone to respond, “Where are we landing?” 
Tina replies, “At Jacqueline’s family private air strip and hangar.”
Charles looks at Tina for a few moments then to Jacqueline. “Really!” 
Jacqueline nods her head in acknowledgement to Charles in what Tina informed him is true. The private jet lands and taxies to a halt near a hangar. Tina exits the ramp first followed by Jacqueline then Charles. 
Tina looks slightly over her right shoulder as she continues to saunter forward, “Oh Charles. This is Jacqueline’s family limo with driver here to pick us up from a mansion estate. A mansion like you, I’m sure, have never experienced before.” 
Charles just stares a Tina. Charles insists that he unload and load his own bags. When Charles finishes unloading his bags from the private jet, he walks over to the limo’s trunk. He loads his owns bags into Jacqueline’s family limo. Charles enters the limo and sits next to Jacqueline. He settles himself quietly next to Jacqueline. They hold hands. Tina stays quiet.
The private jet staff and limo driver finish loading Jacqueline and Tina’s bags. The limo driver’s door closes. The limo pulls out heading to Jacqueline’s mansion estate. 
As the limo driver transports them to Jacqueline’s home, Tina calls and informs her parents and siblings “I’m here. We just landed a little while ago. Yes, I’m traveling with Jacqueline and her fiancé.” 
Tina responds after listening to her family. “Yes, I will be visiting with Jacqueline and her Mother first before heading out to be home with all of you. 
Hi Irmalinda, yes, Irmalinda, you can spend the night in my room…” 
As Tina is conversing with her family and siblings, Jacqueline is being silently comforted by Charles presence in her life while going to her home. 
Jacqueline thinks. I have not ever shared this part of my life with Charles. No photos, nothing much about my family heritage, and no explanations about my family’s business associates. 
Charles has figured out in time to my surprise about his thoughts of me and my family being well off. He made references to my apartment. He pointed out that the way I handled expenses, and sometimes how my manner of thought for how I saw social situations was foreign to him, ‘Maybe like that of the filthy rich.’ Charles had said to me.  
Jacqueline glances over to Charles. She knows enough about him that she can tell Charles is not at all at ease in going with her to experience the world Jacqueline had grown into. She has been noticing that almost underneath his breath he keeps saying the expression ‘Really’ when something strikes him odd or outrageous catching him off guard about her world.
As they pass the entrance gate to the family’s mansion estate, Jacqueline has some fun in breaking her tense moment by remembering when Charles has been using the phrase ‘Really’ when something struck him odd or caught him off guard about her world… First was when the limo driver picked us up at my place. ‘Really,’ I heard Charles softly expresses as the limo was waiting for us to begin this journey to my home. 
When we are dropped off to board the private jet waiting for us at a private hanger without going through the regular flight process. ‘Really,’ Charles says in taking a deep breath then slowly exhaling. 
When we were seated inside the private jet with its luxurious accommodations, Charles scanning his surroundings whispers out loud, ‘Really.’ 
When the limo driver takes us to the entrance of my family’s estate, Charles questions about how much land is involved with my home?” Tina had the answer before I had the chance. ‘Oh, about the most beautiful 900 acres of prime real estate.’ Charles quietly uttered, ‘Really.’ 
Jacqueline remembers something about Tina answering Charles question about her family estate. 
She faces and questions Tina, “Tina, how did you know that my place had 900 acres?” 
Tina, “Hey I make it my business to know these things about your life my friend.” 
When they were driving up to Jacqueline’s majestic mansion, Jacqueline grins as Charles sees her home and softy whistles a, “Really.” 
Jacqueline grins again when they enter the grand entrance of the mansion, Charles expresses in a lowered voice, “Really.” 
When Jacqueline introduces Charles to the various staff and servants, he graciously greets them well. Afterward his softly articulates while looking at all the mansion staff darting around. “Really.” 
When Jacqueline introduces Charles to Monica, “Mother, this is my fiancé Charles.” 
Charles offers a stunned utterance because of how Monica evokes his sexual juices to start flowing as he scans her face and body. “Really? Jacqueline’s Mother? Nice to meet you Monica.” 
He gently reaches out to softly squeeze her extended hand. 
Monica with her piercing eyes, “A pleasure Charles.” 
Both pull their extended hands to their sides after greeting.
Monica turns her attention to Jacqueline then invites, “Jacqueline come with me in private.” 
She directs the mansion staff, “Escort Tina and Charles to their quarters.” 
Tina and Charles looking back to Monica and Jacqueline walking away as the mansion staff escorts them according to Monica’s orders.
Jacqueline braces herself for what may occur next. Monica escorts Jacqueline to a private foyer area of their home. She faces Jacqueline. She motions for Jacqueline to sit. Both situate themselves for sitting facing each other into plush comfortable chairs. 
Monica begins, “Welcome home Jacqueline. I trust the trip here went well?” 
Jacqueline voices, “Yes, thank you for asking. The trip went well. Also, thank you for getting everything ready to receive myself and my guest on such short notice.” 
Monica continues, “Tina, and Charles are most welcomed.” 
Jacqueline, “I need their support now. They have really been helping me a lot. I hope you understand.” 
Monica, “I most do understand. Your friend Tina and I have had quite an adventure together. She is sacrificing so much to help you. I’m sure Charles is much the same way in helping you because here you are alive and doing well.”
“I’m glad you understand Mother.” 
Jacqueline provides a brief synopsis of their travel to Monica then Jacqueline pauses. 
Jacqueline knows there is something important waiting as her Mother takes the conversation. “I have received news about forty-five minutes before your arrival that Richard has died.” 
Monica pauses at this statement to allow Jacqueline to say something if she needs. 
Jacqueline says nothing. But continues to engage looking at her Mother. 
Monica reports, “I have staff working on funeral arrangements.” 
She does something Jacqueline has rarely experienced. 
Monica requests from Jacqueline, “Is there anything specific you may want to include in Richard’s funeral arrangement?” 
Jacqueline has a humorously dark thought; a shark would be nice. 
But, responds to her Mother in seriousness, “I have nothing specific to include.” 
After a moment, she adds, “Thank you for asking Mother. Whatever funeral arrangements you make, I am here to support you.” 
Monica responds, “Thank you, Jacqueline. It really means a lot to me to have you here for support.” 
Monica pauses to gaze into Jacqueline’s eyes. She informs, “The funeral arrangements are considering travel for those who will be attending the funeral.” 
With this information presented, Monica reports, “I am foreseeing that the funeral wake, the funeral, and the burial at the cemetery will be held in five days from today. That would make it a Friday for the wake and a Saturday for the funeral and burial at the cemetery.” 
Jacqueline picks up on her Mother’s cue of what she wants from Jacqueline. 
Jacqueline facing her Mother.  “I will stay for this period of time with you. I will inform Tina as well as Charles what they want to do. Their choices of whether they stay or need to leave will not change my staying with you through this whole time till Richard’s burial.” 
Monica gives Jacqueline a prying gaze. “I’m quite surprised by Charles’ looks and charm. I did not know what to expect. I approve. I hope he can stay.”
Jacqueline, “Charles is the person I love and am engaged to marry. I will ask if he will be able to stay for the proposed time of the funeral arrangements. I’m sure he will make every effort to try to stay with me.” 
Monica so unlike herself, “Honey, I am grateful for you making the effort to stay. It is nice that you will be able to spend some time home. Congratulations again on your engagement.” 
With that, Monica rises from her seat and excuses herself, “Well. It’s been nice. I must continue with the necessary preparations.”  
Jacqueline rises from her chair the same time as her Mother. Both exit at the same time. Jacqueline feeling so different in how she talked with her Mother. She has never related to her Mother in this fashion. It was a brand-new experience for her. Jacqueline does not forget how deadly her Mother is and treats her accordingly. She not letting this reality slip her mind. Jacqueline strolls through her home to the location of Tina and Charles. But, as she continues to stroll, Jacqueline realizes that she is feeling tired from the emotional drain of the trip and meeting with her Mother. She changes her destination to instead go to her room. 
After her private talk with her Mother, Jacqueline retires to her room to breathe freely. She has noticed how she has not been breathing regularly when in conversation with her Mother. This breathing irregularity is mostly due to the unexpected path that the conversation with her Mother can take at any given moment. 
Jacqueline reflects upon how her Mother has focused on the business at hand of the funeral arrangements as well as to be more attentive to Jacqueline than she has ever been in the past. Jacqueline is glad to have been able to communicate secretly to her Mother about her engagement to Charles when the danger of Richard loomed over all of them in recent times past. 
Jacqueline taking notice in remembering her Mother purposely not informing her with any more information about Richard’s illness or hospitalization. She recalls no mention by her Mother about the last hours of her stepfather’s life. At this point, Jacqueline has made the decision to not engage her Mother in conversations about such matters that both do not want to discuss about Richard and his death. For that matter, the best strategy Jacqueline has decided upon is to avoid conversations that will force her and her Mother to undertake potentially dangerous conflicts. Jacqueline resolves to not go there with her Mother. 
There is another side of interacting with her Mother that Jacqueline is making sure to keep in mind. That area being Jacqueline’s fearful reality that her Mother is capable of murder. Not only capable of murder, but that she has the capacity to effectively cover up three murders from ever being linked to her. Jacqueline has preferred the way she has just interacted with her Mother. Jacqueline is glad there is genuine interactions between both of them. Jacqueline smiles thinking how her Mother had shone genuine interest and concern for her. 
After her brief rest in quietness in her room, Jacqueline messages, ‘Charles and Tina are you guys up for a meeting to update you about my talk with Mother?’
Tina messages back first. ‘Will see you in the study you and I would hang around in all the time.’
Jacqueline, ‘Yes, I know which one it is. I will see the both of you there.’
Tina, ‘I will bring a wandering lost Charles with me. I will go find him.’ 
Charles is next shortly thereafter to message both of them back. ‘I hope you or Tina can find me. This place is huge. I think I’m lost. Could you or Tina come get me to take me to our meeting place in the study?’
Tina messages back, ‘I’ll get you Charles. I think I know where you are since I last saw where you were going.’
Charles to both Jacqueline and Tina. ‘Thanks Tina, I appreciate the help. I’ll stay put. This place is easy for me to get lost. It’s so huge. 
Again thanks, Tina.’ 
Jacqueline smiling as she messages back to Charles. ‘Funny you should mention needing help finding the meeting location. You are going to have to guess how long it will take Tina to find you and to help you find the way to the study.’
Charles responds, ‘I’m already waiting with abated breath.’ 
Jacqueline messages Tina, ‘Hey Tina, I appreciate you going around finding Charles and brining him to the study. I left him guessing how long it was going to take for you to find him.’ 
Tina returns, “Very funny Jacqueline. It will be my pleasure to give Charles a hard time as I take him to the meeting with me.’ 
It is not long before Jacqueline meets up with Tina and Charles at the agreed upon front entrance of the study. 
Tina looking at Jacqueline with a grin then voices, “Look who I found and brought along.” 
Charles expresses, “I think I could have found my way to this spot.” 
He grins at Jacqueline then at Tina. “Who am I kidding? No, I couldn’t have found this part of your home even if I tried. I was so lost.”
Jacqueline grins facing Charles, “Sure, you would have found the study Charles. I believe in you. Well, I’m just glad my two favorite persons in my life are here with me. 
Shall we?” 
Jacqueline guides them to meet in one of the home’s massive studies. They settle into three comfortable chairs in the study and face each other. 
Jacqueline updates them with shock information. “Richard died. Mother and I discussed funeral preparations. I offered to stay during this whole time for the wake, funeral and the burial service at the cemetery. I don’t want you guys to feel obligated in staying. What are you guys plan?” 
Tina’s wide eyes come back to normal as she voices, “So it’s official. Richard is dead. Wow, it happened. Well, I’m also staying for all the funeral services.” 
Jacqueline reports “Mother will be informing us of more details for the services as they are finalized. It is most definitely going to start on Friday then onto Saturday for the wake, funeral, and burial.” 
Charles surprised open mouth closes his mouth to be very supportive. “I’m sorry for your loss, Jacqueline. My prayers for you and your family. It is difficult to be sad for Richard’s death when there is a part of me that is experiencing relief for you and all of us. 
I will contact my necessary persons at my medical rotations to ensure that I will be able to stay as well and contact my family to pray for us and update them on what is happening.” 
Tina being true in her friendship. “I will inform my family of the wake, funeral, and burial days. I guess we will get the time of the services at a later meeting. 
On a different matter. My heart goes out to you, Jacqueline. We both were so worried about what would happen to you next. It has happened as we thought it might, and I will be here for you.” 
Jaqueline and Tina turn their focus onto Charles at the same time. Charles is uneasy in the manner both are staring at him. 
Tina voices to Jacqueline while staring at Charles, “Do you want to start the education of Charles or shall I Jacqueline?” 
Charles with stress wrinkles on his forehead responds, “Educating me about what?” 
Jacqueline looks at Tina and says, “You go ahead and start it off Tina.” 
Tina faces Jacqueline, “Alright I’ll take the lead.” 
Tina then faces Charles and explains, “What you’re going to experience in the next few days within this social network of people is nothing like what you have ever experienced in your life.” 
Jacqueline follows, “We are going to prepare you on what to avoid with Richard’s family members and others attending the funeral services.” 
Tina’s turn, “We will inform you how to avoid the landmines of the various powerful families that will attend this funeral.” 
Jacqueline takes it up where Tina left off with the explanation. “Even with famous personalities and family business associates, we need to be very careful in how we interact with them. We must be constantly making sure we don’t accidently reveal information that will come back to haunt us. Both of us want reassurance from you Charles that you can do this.” 
Tina voices, “Charles I have to hear it straight up from you. That you will take what you know about Monica and her possible involvement in Richard’s death, to your grave.” 
Jacqueline is next, “It will be disastrous for us if one of us accidently or on purpose gives information on the link between Richard’s death by Monica’s hands. As well as linking Monica to the murders of a child and the child’s Mother.” 
At first, Charles conveys, “I take offense that my word to secrecy about this family matter is being discussed with me in this manner. I get it. It is dangerous for us to accidently say something connecting Monica’s involvement with the death of Richard…as well as with the other two deaths. 
I know we can be named as accessories to a homicide or three homicides. I also want the both of you to understand that I will do anything within my power to ensure nothing of what I do hurts you Jacqueline or you Tina regarding this matter.” 
Jacqueline and Tina face each other as if silently saying they are convinced of Charles’ covenant to secrecy of Monica’s murders. 
Jacqueline moves her body over and kisses Charles on his lips. “Thank you, my love.” 
She settles back into her comfortable chair.
Tina moves in close and offers a pat on his shoulder, “Way to go Charles. I’m glad you are able to agree to our reasoning for the covenant to secrecy.” 
Tina pauses to gather her other thoughts. Tina expresses another type of concern, “Charles, this circle of people you are about to meet is going to court you covertly and try to manipulate you to get any dirt about you, Jacqueline, the family as well as myself. 
With the appropriate responses, you will be able to keep them at bay when questioned about Jacqueline, her Mother, her stepfather or myself.” 
Charles takes offense again, “I am not a backwoods boy who needs to be educated on the social elite’s power over me!” 
Jacqueline is able to soften the situation, “Charles, Tina and I have years of dealing with these circles of persons. We have fallen victim to their cunning ambushes. We want you to be prepared. The only way to prepare you is by explaining how to interact with these groups of persons and sidestep their traps. We need to avoid getting caught or face situations that will cost us dearly.” 
Jacqueline also stresses to Charles, “It is important that you use your brilliance in what we teach you to keep as low a profile as possible to not bring attention to oneself at these funeral functions. It has nothing to do with our belief of you being a backwoods person. These are dangerous times for all of us. I’m sure Richard’s family is not going to let his death go without some type of challenge.” 
Charles gazes into Jacqueline’s eyes then expresses, “I get it now Jacqueline. I guess I’m feeling out of my element. You guys just triggered my insecurity.”
Charles nods his head signaling he is on board with the plan to educate him. Tina and Jacqueline give each other an acknowledgement gaze. 
In her gaze at Jacqueline, Tina communicates, “I will train Charles on topics about your stepfather, Monica, and ourselves in a very strategic controlled manner so as not to give rise to questions or topics of conversation that could be dangerous for us.” 
Tina is satisfied as far as how Jacqueline is cleverly handling Charles in this situation, Tina thinks, it is brilliant on my friend’s part for a strategy to serve up the training as how the social elite needed to be addressed in order to keep all of us safe…which is very true. 
Jacqueline voices, “I’ll address Richard’s family. Let’s begin with Richard’s brothers. Richard’s brothers’ names are Lance and Talon. Lance is the older of the two. Richard was the oldest of the three of them. 
Their Father was named Maddock. Their Mother was named Rachel. The brothers’ Father and Mother operated from vastly different views. I sometimes wondered why they married. Family rumors have had it that their Father Maddock at some level desired to redeem himself from all his wicked dealings by marrying a highly religious and wealthy woman. That woman was Rachel. 
In no time, the couple became pregnant and gave birth to their first child a son. That son being named Richard. Maddock taking the birth of a son as a sign he had indeed married well and was favored from his wickedness. Rachel taking Richard’s birth as God’s favor upon them. She took Richard’s birth as a sign that she was indeed following God’s path. As time went on Maddock and Rachel had two more sons. They were named Lance and Talon. Maddock had named the first-born Richard. His wife Rachel named the other two sons.”
Jacqueline pauses to gather her thoughts. “It was Rachel who had requested naming of their second and third sons. Maddock had agreed. He did so because his interest was in his first-born son. It became apparent to Rachel that Richard was favored by her husband as heir to the empire. She was concerned that her husband was leading Richard down an ungodly path and did not want the same for her other two sons. There was an agreement struck between Maddock and Rachel. Maddock would have Richard to himself to bring up in training him to have all the rights as first born. Richard would be the one Maddock would groom in his ways. Lance and Talon would be totally under Rachel’s guidance. Lance and Talon would be groomed to be highly God-fearing men.
This is why it was confusing for me at family gatherings how my stepfather Richard could be so different from his brothers. It made sense to me later once I learned about the brothers’ different upbringing. Richard excelled in his Father’s teachings of business corporate dealings, exposing Richard to the ways and manner of engaging persons, manipulating them, sealing deals, and networking.” 
Tina’s turn, “Lance and Talon are very well connected. They have in their pockets United States politicians, foreign dignitaries, Hollywood film actors, and persons of the top elite rich and powerful circle throughout the world. These are the same persons Richard had much involvement. These group of persons are very well known in high society and the world. This same group of persons I have picked up information being involved in some dastardly plan that involves the conquest of world by Lance and Talon. Therefore, the three of us need to be very careful about what we say and to who. These persons, who are in Lance and Talon’s pocket, are very charming, very convincing, very disarming. It will be very easy for either one of us to give them something that they can relay back to Lance or Talon. We may end up dead if that happens.” 
Jacqueline continues with more details about family while Tina supplies supportive information about the circles of the elite intertwined with Richard’s brothers.  In the end after several hours of training by both Jacqueline and Tina, Charles brilliance grasps what is being taught to him. 
He voices, “I’m in total agreement to support you Jacqueline in this manner.” 
Charles faces Tina. “What do you think Tina? Are you seeing what I’m seeing with Jacqueline?”  
Both Charles and Tina observe how Jacqueline is looking exhausted. 
Tina returns to Charles, “Yes, I am.”  
Charles offers to Jacqueline, “Time to get us all to bed. We have to be clear minded to keep our wits about us.” 
Tina in agreement, “We need our wits about us for the next several days. We need to be well rested.” 
Tina bluntly expresses to Jacqueline, “You will be no good to the plan if you are not rested.” 
Charles, “We need you to be at the top of your game during this dangerous time.” 
Tina, “You are our point person to guide us. Remember that Jacqueline.” 
Charles, “We need you clear minded in case something goes south quickly.”  
Tina clearly voices. “You are under much strain now.” 
Charles, “You need to take care of yourself.” 
Tina, “Given the circumstances, your sirens’ call to suicide will be calling you in a major way now.” 
Jacqueline raises her hand to stop Tina and Charles from saying anymore. “I get it my loving ones. I get it. 
I will need to get going to exercise alone first. After the exercise, then I go to bed if you both approve.” 
Jacqueline rises from her comfortable chair.
Charles, uniformly voices. “Works for me.”
Tina responds, “I like the idea.”  
Jacqueline stands while eying her two best people in the world. “Well I bid the two people I love dearly a good night.”
Charles rises, “Good night my love.” 
Tina also rises, “Rest up my dear friend.” 
Jacqueline leaves them in the study. She strolls very tired from her emotions to her room. Jacqueline slips out of her cloths, changes to her workout outfit. She makes it to her home’s state of the art exercise room. Jacqueline raises her level of expending the energy driving her Sirens’ call to suicide by exercising rigorously. With the Sirens’ calls to suicide lessened, Jacqueline exits the exercise room. 
She strolls back to her room, starts her shower; she slips out of her perspiration drenched workout outfit. Jacqueline checks the shower water. She approves of the temperature and enters the shower. She allows the shower water to cascade over her naked body for soothing her before cleansing herself. Jacqueline finishes her shower; she steps out and retrieves some fluffy towels. Jacqueline dries herself as she heads to her massive walk-in closet. While in her massive closet, she selects her outfit. Jacqueline changes into her Jonquil chiffon and satin pajamas. She strolls to her bed, slips under her designer satin sheets. Jacqueline lays in her bed looking at the artistically adorned ceiling reflecting briefly on the day’s events. Without knowing it, Jacqueline falls asleep then later she dreams.
****
The next day is a whirlwind of visitors, calls, giving out and receiving instructions, and helping with tasks for the funeral arrangements. Tina and Charles are wonderfully supportive to Jacqueline during these times. 
The day of the wake arrives. With all the behind scenes planning, the service goes well. News media on the ground and in the air surround Richard’s service. Jacqueline’s Mother has prepared well those who would engage the media to keep them at bay. Jacqueline meets with Tina and Charles after the wake in the massive study as before. All three are in good spirits. 
Jacqueline, “I can’t believe how well all is going.” 
Charles, “Neither can I.” 
Tina, “So far, all of us have done well in not stepping on any landmines.” 
Jacqueline, “Alright! We just got to keep doing what we did today, and I think we’ll be fine.” 
Tina and Jacqueline going into conversations about the persons they saw this day and knew. They talk about their personal updates. Tina and Jacqueline stop every now and then in their conversations about certain families or persons as they remember Charles among them. 
Jacqueline, “Sorry Charles. You have been great in listening to all of our gibberish.” 
Tina, “Well Charles, let’s give you the background about the persons we are in conversation about.” 
Charles noticeably is appreciative and enjoys being included by Jacqueline and Tina. 
Charles remarks during a pause in conversations, “I hope you genuinely know I am touched by your including me in your talks. This is because I had not really spent much time knowing you Tina, first hand, Jacqueline’s best friend. 
Little did I know Jacqueline that you had such a hard part of your life to deal with. I’m fascinated by you even more.” 
As he hears Jacqueline and Tina talk and experience first-hand the way of life they had lived, Charles develops a deep admiration on how difficult it has been for both  Jacqueline and Tina to live this way of life.
Tina first, “Charles you have been a God send to Jacqueline. I have never seen her blossom so much as she has with you. You have been doing great in all this.” 
Jacqueline follows, “You are a most important person in my life Charles. I can truly say from me, I am very appreciative of your support at this difficult time, especially in such difficult of circumstances.”  
Charles hints to Jacqueline, “Talking about persons very important in your life, I have seen very little of your Mother.” 
Jacqueline confirms, “I also have had little contact with her. I have seen very little of her except for sitting and standing next to her during the services. She has been kept quite busy during this time. 
Which reminds me, one of the staff located me with a notice that we are invited to dine this evening with Mother. So, let’s start going to get ready. See you guys shortly.” 
Jacqueline quickly exits the study. Tina and Charles stare in surprise at each other. 
Tina, “Well isn’t she just full of surprises. Well Charles, we need to get it together for this bomb that Jacqueline has dropped on us. I’ll see you shortly to take you to the supper area.” 
Charles nods in agreement to Tina, “I appreciate the help Tina. Let’s get going.” 
Tina and Charles dart out of study. Tina guides Charles to his room then makes it to her respective room as Jacqueline is way ahead of them going to her room.
All three converge at the entrance the of the dining room with Tina bringing Charles in tow. 
Jacqueline voices, “Well, this is great timing on our part. Shall we enter?” 
Charles and Tina nod their heads in a ‘Yes.’ When the three enter the dining room, to Jacqueline’s surprise it is just the three of them who join her Mother for supper. Monica is surprisingly in good spirits in greeting them as they go about gathering around the lavish table. She goes about getting seated. 
Jacqueline notices her Mother sits in the chair that once was Richard’s sitting area. “Welcome. Please seat yourselves where you wish.” 
Jacqueline responds, “Thank you Mother.”
Jacqueline and Tina take their places of so many times before. 
Charles is sitting next to Jacqueline when he questions, “This alright?” 
Jacqueline responds, “Yes, it is dear. Please sit.” 
All are settled in their chairs. 
Another surprise from Monica as she faces Charles. “Charles, I understand you are a person of faith. Will you do us the honor of saying grace before our meal?” 
Jacqueline and Tina give each other looks of surprise. Jacqueline thinks to herself in surprise, Since when does Mother believe in saying grace before a meal! 
Charles does not notice Jacqueline or Tina’s reactions. He stares at Monica, “It will be my honor. Let’s all bow our heads.” 
All bow their heads. Charles says grace over the meal and for Richard’s soul. When Charles finishes, all respond in a strong, “Amen.” 
Monica motions the staff they are ready for the meal. They begin bringing in the Oysters and food pearls. The grilled cauliflower salad followed with potato crusted halibut. The Abalone ‘en piccata’, Quail breast - also looks excellent. ‘Calotte de boeuf,’ Jasper Hills Farm's, Winnimere.’ Toward the end of the entrees, assortment of desserts are served. 
Charles has never experienced anything like this food or service before. Thinking to himself.  I don't have anything like this to compare this meal to. So the experience is totally new for me. I can’t believe there are staff in a private residence and not a restaurant who went above and beyond for us. 
It is almost like they can read my mind and having never been in a place like this before, it is an eerily satisfying feeling. When I drank much of my wine or water, someone is there immediately to refill my glass. As soon as I had finished my dish and had sat there for the appropriate time afterwards to contemplate it (about two minutes or less), it is taken away. 
When I started thinking I might like another piece of bread or cup of coffee, it is offered to me without a word on my part. My needs are met before I can open my mouth about them. The servers are knowledgeable and very friendly, without being overwhelming or in-my-face. It is truly the perfect dining experience. 
The supper progresses well with Monica being very charming and engaging with all three of them. Charles is relaxed, but still remembers to engage in the manner trained by Jacqueline and Tina. All present enjoying themselves and it seems to Jacqueline that even her Mother is enjoying this time together with Jacqueline, Tina, and Charles. That last of the dishes are picked up by the mansion staff. A few lighter conversations about the following day’s activities as talked about by Monica. All nodding in acknowledgement of Monica’s instructions. 
Monica excuses herself first “I bid everyone a good night. It’s been a wonderful supper.” She rises. 
Jacqueline, “Thank you Mother, it was a wonderful meal.” 
Tina, “It was a lovely evening and the food was a delight. Have a good night.” 
Charles, “It was a pleasure to be in your company. Have a good night.” 
Monic leaves their presence. 
Jacqueline with eyes of excitement looks at Charles and Tina and offers, “To our same place for the meeting?” 
Tina voices, “Of course.” 
Charles follows, “Lead the way.” 
The three exits accordingly. Jacqueline with arm in Charles arm and Tina beside her stroll back in silence to the massive study they have claimed as their own. 
Charles remarks sheepishly to Jacqueline and Tina as they enter the study. “I had a wonderful time at supper. Your Mother is quite an impressive force to deal with. I am glad for the training I received from the both of you.” 
Charles confesses to Jacqueline, “Don’t take this the wrong way, but I was infatuated by your Mother. How she carries herself. Her looks, I could not help but be attracted to her. What a difficult time it was for me not to constantly stare at her. 
Now I’m being honest here. Please do not punish me Jacqueline.” 
Charles notices Jacqueline’s reproachful look. “Now I know where you inherited your looks.” 
Jacqueline just as quickly recovers to a calmer self.
Tina is watching and hearing the conversation and can’t help laughingly interject, “Don’t worry Charles about your attraction to Monica. 
It just proves you’re a healthy warm-blooded man. You are but one of many a man and young boy who has fallen into the powers of Monica’s goddess like sexual seduction.” 
Tina notices Jacqueline out of the corner of her eye and faces her. “Don’t look at me that way, Jacqueline. You know it’s true. You have experienced how men and boys become sex crazed by gawking at your Mother.” 
Charles can see that Tina is enjoying teasing Jacqueline. 
Jacqueline interrupts the moment. “You’re having way too much fun with this Tina.” 
With seriousness in her face, Jacqueline faces Charles. “You’re not off the hook Charles. We will visit this subject again. For now, let’s turn our attention to the next day’s strategies.” 
Tina and Charles nod in agreement. 
All three begin talking about the strategies and modifying some of them based on the present day’s experiences. They talk until the three of them agree about the strategies to be used. 
Jacqueline states when all seems finalized. “I think that’s it guys. We should call it a night.” 
Jacqueline rises from the comfortable chair. 
Tina informs Jacqueline and Charles, “We did good work. Tonight, I will be spending time with my family. I will see you both tomorrow at the agreed upon time.” 
Just before her departure, Tina makes known, “I will be attending the funeral and the burial with my family. We will be one family among a cast of thousands in attendance Saturday. Goodnight to the both of you.” 
They each excuse themselves to prepare for the next day of the funeral and burial.
Tina rises from her seating, goes to Jacqueline first. Tina hugs then kisses Jacqueline on the cheek. They finish their tender exchange. 
Tina goes and saunters to Charles. They both hug in a heartfelt manner. Charles can sense there is an air of peace about Tina. They release from their hug. 
Charles bids Tina. “A good night to you and hoping you enjoy time with your family.” 
Tina nods her head in acknowledgement of Charles’ words. 
Jacqueline hugs Tina goodbye one more time as Tina walks away and exits the study. 
Jacqueline thinking, I’m so grateful for Tina staying by my side. 
She thinks about how her friend maintained continuous contact with her family by taking short visits to her family’s home and regularly engaging he parents, sister, and brother in phone conversations. 
Charles and Jacqueline are alone to speak supportively and lovingly to each other as they make their way to their separate bedrooms. Charles is surprised and joyful about Jacqueline’s account of her Mother congratulating her on their marriage engagement. Even here at Jacqueline’s home they are honoring Charles’ parents’ wishes of separate sleeping quarters. 
Charles expresses to Jacqueline, “I have told my parents that I really am sleeping in a separate bedroom from you. They believe me. I have been keeping my family updated on events as they unfold. They informed me that each was praying for you, your Mother, and the soul of Richard. They wish you well under these circumstances.” 
Jacqueline, “I really appreciate your family and you. I could not have asked for more.” 
Jacqueline and Charles embrace, kiss, and part ways. 
Jacqueline saunters to her room. She debates quickly about to exercise or not. She decides not to exercise. She continues with her night routines of preparing for bed. Jacqueline showers, does her night hygiene, slips into her satin camisole. She strolls to her bed, slips under her white satin designer sheets. 
Jacqueline lays in bed and whispers lightly “Thank you God for a marvelous day.” 
She calms herself and goes to sleep without knowing it. Later that night she dreams.
****
The day of the funeral and burial arrives. News media on the ground and in the air surround Richard’s service as on the day of the wake. Monica’s staff and strategies continue to hold up well against the onslaught of news coverage. The funeral service at the grand cathedral goes well, ends well, and the burial caravan begins when all parties are in their vehicles. The family and parties caravan to the burial ceremony.
Jacqueline is at the burial ceremony with Charles and Tina seated on her right and while Jacqueline is seated next to her Mother. This seating arrangement is from the insistence of Monica. Monica had called Tina and her family to be convinced to have her and her family be at Jacqueline’s side during the burial ceremony. Sitting in front with her Mother during the burial service with the two persons who loved and cared for her brought on a welling emotional memory. With Tina’s family being right there offering more support.
Jacqueline goes back to the time of her younger stepbrother’s funeral. She recalls attending at that time a funeral service at a grand cathedral where there was a small beautifully-adorned casket. Jacqueline starts to compare Richard’s funeral with her stepbrother’s funeral services that she has partial recollections about. 
With Richard’s funeral, Jacqueline thought of similarities in the present with the same grand cathedral, with similar church services, and she believes with the same type of beautifully-adorned casket but of course this casket is large enough for a grown man. This time she has full recollection of her stepfather’s funeral and is involved in part of his funeral service. 
She allows herself to be transported back to a time to memories at this same cemetery in the burial of her stepbrother. She reminisces how it was partially raining at that time. Jacqueline remembers being surrounded by a sea of persons dressed in black who were unknown to her. She remembers her kind nanny protecting her and escorting her to and from a limo. 
Jacqueline remembers her nanny being there when she was taken to her family mansion room after the burial service. She remembers her loneliness and confusion when staying in her room while Jacqueline hears voices of sympathetic well-wishers’ echo throughout the mansion halls. She remembers her Mother and Richard’s heated arguments at that time. 
Jacqueline reflects about the present funeral experience in attending Richard’s burial service. She thinks of the same partially raining experience like so many years ago is occurring. She politely scans the sea of persons dressed in black and has an understanding and knowledge of many them. She knows that when Richard’s service at the cemetery is over, she will no longer be lonely or confused. She will be there in the middle of the sympathetic well-wishers regarding her stepfather. She will not be frightened about heated arguments between her Mother and Richard. 
Jacqueline will not have to worry about Richard anymore. She will not be accompanied to a limo by a nanny this time but by a loving man and a best friend whom she loves and who love her in return. She will not be alone when they return to the mansion. Jacqueline feeling comforted knowing that Charles and Tina will be there with her in the limo and back at the mansion as her support and strength during this odd transition in her life. Jacqueline has a chill go down her spine when she realizes how much of Richard’s funeral services had been like her stepbrother’s services. 
Jacqueline is grateful. Thank you, Mother and Richard, for this opportunity to have redone a part of my life that needed major healing. Now, for the wedding.

Chapter 21: Face to Face 
Jacqueline and Charles’ wedding preparations and planning had been occurring before Tina’s return. When Tina did return, she was able to help with the last details for making the wedding happen. After Jacqueline and Charles’ marriage engagement, all the wedding preparations and planning had to be done in secret for fear of Richard’s wrath if they were discovered. 
There had been concerns by Jacqueline and Charles that they would have to postpone their wedding given Richard’s death. After the burial ceremony of Richard, all went well at Jacqueline’s mansion home. Jacqueline, Charles, and Tina right there in the mix of handling the well-wishers of Richard’s death. As the crowds of sympathizers dwindled at the mansion, Jacqueline coordinated a meeting with her Mother and the three of them regarding what is going to happen to Charles and Jacqueline’s wedding date. 
“Any retributions that you would know of for having the wedding two months after Richard’s funeral?” Charles requests facing Monica. 
Monica looking at Charles first, then at Jacqueline and Tina responds, “I think I know how to handle the issue.” 
Monica does an awesome job of coming up with a plan for handling the wedding date. She gets a hold of some of her trusted news media persons. Monica talks to them spinning a story telling her news contacts that they have breaking news of a secret wedding that had been planned for a while regarding her daughter before Richard’s death. Monica finishes with her news contacts. 
Monica faces Jacqueline, Tina, and Charles and explains, “I think my plan that the wedding planning had been going on in secret to ensure the media did not spoil the day of the wedding will work.” 
Jacqueline, Charles, and Tina realizing the brilliance of Monica making sure the news coverage of Jacqueline’s wedding will allow the wedding to go as scheduled without rousing negative coverage so soon after Richard’s death. Monica finishes and faces the three of them. 
In agreement Tina says, “That is pretty clever of you Monica and downright supportive.”  
Jacqueline, “Nice work Mother.” 
Charles in agreement. “Very well played Monica.” 
Monica, “I’m glad the three of you approve. I know I may be imposing, would there be any way for the three of you can spend some more days here with me.” 
Jacqueline, Charles, and Tina discuss, agree, make some calls, and decide to spend several more days with Monica. 
Jacqueline is surprised by her Mother’s almost human enjoyment when informed. “Well Mom, we have it all worked out where the three of us will be able to spend more time with you.”  
During those days after Richard’s funeral, Jacqueline seeing a side of her Mother she had never seen before. Monica is more at peace. Monica is carefree in her interactions with Jacqueline, Tina, and Charles. Monica genuinely enjoying time with the Jacqueline, Charles, and Tina. 
On the evening before Jacqueline, Tina, and Charles’ departure, Monica coordinates for hosting Tina’s family at Monica and Jacqueline’s home. During that scheduled hosting, a marvelous meal with delightful beverages in the evening with great company ensues. 
Charles enjoying conversations with and getting to know Tina’s sister Irmalinda and brother Valentin more than from just stories he remembers from Tina. He is getting to see Tina’s parents’ manner of relating to her and the others first hand. Charles is impressed with how much her parents truly cared for Tina. Charles is seeing how Monica cares for Jacqueline and having difficulty seeing Monica as the cutthroat business only, non-emotional person that Jacqueline had described to him. 
Charles will later hear it from Jacqueline and Tina that the Monica he experienced that evening surprising even them. They informed him how much of a different person Monica is that evening as she talks to all those gathered during the meal and enjoying their time together. There are many conversations about the upcoming wedding of Jacqueline and Charles being the topic among Monica and Tina’s Father Karl and Tina’s Mother Adala. The meal and their time together delightful. Tina’s Father Karl and Mother Adala inviting Monica for spending time them at some events. Monica agreeing to set times together with Karl and Adala for those events. 
Little by little persons excuse themselves to retire to their own homes or residences at Monica and Jacqueline’s mansion. All feeling content as they retire for the night. 
Jacqueline and Charles arm in arm going to Jacqueline’s room first enjoying their conversation about the evening. Jacqueline and Charles kiss for a tender good night. Jacqueline enters her room while Charles wanders lost a little but, finally locates his room. Jacqueline goes through her night routines, slips under the designer sheets, falls immediately asleep when her head settles onto her pillow. 
****
It is a cool morning day as the time of Jacqueline, Charles, and Tina’s departure arrives. Tina arrives in time for breakfast at Monica and Jacqueline’s home. Monica, Jacqueline and Charles have just been seated when Tina joins them. A delicious breakfast is served. The conversations among them pleasant and enjoyable. There is a sadness that crosses Monica’s face when Jacqueline, Charles, and Tina rise to depart. 
Jacqueline first, “Thank you Mother for everything. It has been a long time in coming for you and me to have such a good time. Charles, Tina and I will be visiting you more often. With your approval, of course.” 
Monica responds to Jacqueline with almost a grin showing on her face. “It has been a joy having you home. As well as having those who care so much for you.”
Monica faces Charles and Tina. “The both of you are wonderful for my daughter. I thank you for taking such good care of her.” 
Monica facing Jacqueline, Tina, and Charles. “I have not enjoyed myself like this in all my life. Of course, I will enjoy having the three of you back anytime you can get free. 
I am looking forward to attending the wedding in two months. I think that before we know it the days will disappear, and the wedding will be upon us.” 
Charles faces Monica, “Days do go by quickly. It’s been a wonderful experience for me being here with all of you. 
My family sends the best and their prayers for you now. I am looking forward to more times with you. I will definitely be looking forward to you being part of our lives, starting with our wedding.” 
Monica gives a slight smile of enjoyment to Charles.
Tina follows facing Monica, “I am so pleased that our time together with you will continue Monica. I think more unknown adventures await you and me. I’m looking forward to seeing what we can get ourselves into. I just sense that.” 
Monica smiles at Tina, “I sense the same Tina. I want to say that I have enjoyed my adventures with you. I am especially impressed with what you can do. Wonderful things await you Tina.” 
Tina, “Thank you Monica.” 
Tina rises from her chair, walks over to Monica, puts out her hand to say her goodbye to Monica. 
Tina as well as Jacqueline is surprised with Monica rising from her chair, moves close to Tina and giving her a slight embrace. “Save journey.” 
Tina gently returns Monica’s embrace. “Thank you, Monica.” 
They part from their embrace. 
Monica goes over to Charles who rises when Monica is close to him, “Safe journey Charles. You don’t know how appreciative I am of you being in my daughter’s life. I look forward to many more times together.” 
Monica extends her hand. Charles reaches out takes her hand, and softly squeezes her hand with her returning the soft squeeze. 
“The pleasure is mine. I hope to be spending more time with Jacqueline and you getting to continue to enjoy these kinds of times.” Charles expresses as they release their hands. 
Monica goes over to Jacqueline. Jacqueline rises from her chair and is besides herself as Monica firmly embraces her. Jacqueline returns the firm embrace. They embrace for several moments. 
Monica whispers in Jacqueline’s ear. “I love you Jacqueline. I will try my best to make it up to you all the wrongs I have done. Please forgive me.” 
Jacqueline quiet for several seconds taking in the once in her life experience of her Mother doing and saying such warm loving things. Jacqueline putting herself together for the unusual wonderful experience clears her throat whispering back “I love you too Mother. I look forward to many more times like this together.” 
Both release each other from their heartfelt embrace. 
Jacqueline faces Monica, “Until next time Mother. I promise you it will be soon before the wedding.” 
Monica nods in acknowledgement. Jacqueline, Tina, and Charles walk out of the dining area with Monica joining them. 
Mansion staff have already packed Jacqueline, Tina, and Charles’ bag into the trunk of the limo as they near the limo. Charles with a questioning look faces Jacqueline. 
Jacqueline voices to Charles before he can say anything, “Yes, your bags are already loaded. Get used to it my love. I know it will be hard for you.” 
Jacqueline melts Charles resistance with her smile. Charles smiles back. The limo driver is holding the door open for them. Tina goes in first. Followed by Jacqueline. Charles is last to enter as he settles next to Jacqueline. The limo door closes. Jacqueline, Tina, and Charles are silent for several moments until the limo pulls out. Jacqueline, Charles, and Tina looking back at Monica and her staff standing there watching them leave. 
Charles is the first, “Jacqueline, I’m going to say, that I really enjoyed this different Mother than what you have described to me. I really like the time I had here. This experience very different than what I had prepared myself for. I am so glad I came” 
Tina voices getting Charles and Jacqueline’s attention, “That’s so true Charles. You are very fortunate to have experience a Monica like never before in this manner. This is a Monica I have never experienced before. Even when Monica and I bonded during the worldwide missions, she was not like this.” 
Jacqueline pensive for a few moments. She looks at Tina then Charles. “I never thought I would experience such a major change in Mother. I like the Mother and daughter feelings I get now. Richard’s death and whatever else is going on in Mother have changed her. I look forward to having more visits with her.” 
All three excitedly talking about the amazing events of what had occurred during this time at Richard’s funeral. Jacqueline, Charles and Tina in a celebratory manner in their talks about their successful strategies of holding their secret pact intact. They are celebrating how their strategies worked. They excitedly planning what their next plans are when they land in Virginia. Their exciting talks continuing as they leave their limo to board their private jet. As they take off to their destination in Virginia, the exciting talks continue.
****
After they land in Virginia, exit their private jet to enter their awaiting limo, Jacqueline, Charles, and Tina go about talking excitedly about their futures. While in the limo being driven to Jacqueline’s place, they continue their excited talks about their lives and the changes that are going to happen for all three. 
After the limo driver and this time Charles joins in unloading their bags at Jacqueline’s place, all three decide to stay a while longer at Jacqueline’s place to plan and schedule what they were going to do next after such exciting talks. The limo departs, all three make it to Jacqueline’s apartment, plop their bags near the entrance of Jacqueline’s place. They talk several more hours. 
Tina ending their time together by voicing to them “Well I got to get my place and rest. It’s been a real adventure guys. Thanks.” 
Charles faces Tina. “It has been a great being with you Tina. I appreciate all your help and support. I’ll walk out with you.” 
Charles faces Jacqueline. “Thank you for allowing me to be part of your life. Thank you for convincing me to go with you. I can only say God had His hand in all we experienced.” 
Charles moves over to Jacqueline and both kiss.” 
Jacqueline returns, “I love you Charles.” 
Jacqueline faces Tina. “I love you my best friend in the world. I will escort the both of to the door.” They stroll to the door. 
Charles handles as many bags as he can carry from Tina and himself. He faces Jacqueline. “Goodbye Jacqueline.”
Tina walking out with Charles carrying one bag, looking back over her shoulder. “See you at another time Jacqueline.” 
Tina and Jacqueline exchange waves. Charles and Tina leave Jacqueline’s place. 
A limo is arriving for Tina as they exit Jacqueline’s apartment building. 
Charles helps the limo driver load her bags. He faces Tina. “It’s been a great adventure Tina. Until we meet again.” 
Tina smiles back, “Until we meet again Charles.” She enters the limo. The limo driver closes her door. The limo driver quickly makes his way to the driver’s seat. Tina’s limo pulls out. 
Charles watches Tina’s limo moving away as he makes it to his parked pick-up truck. When he reaches his pick-up truck, he throws his bags into the truck bed. Charles unlocks his driver’s door with the truck key. He settles himself into the driver’s seat. Charles starts his engine, slaps his truck into gear, and drives to his home. 
After some time, as he parks his pick-up truck at his place, Charles stays inside the trucks cabin to messages Jacqueline, ‘Made it home safely. I love you.’ 
Jacqueline opens his message and messages him back. “Glad you made it to your home.’ 
‘I feel like I was living someone else’s life during the funeral.’ 
‘It was a good life, especially if I was able to share it with you. I love you.’ 
Later when Tina has made it to her destination in Boston, she messages Jacqueline and Charles. ‘Well guys, I could not have enjoyed it more. It was wonderful being with you guys. I’m going to rest up some. Catch you guys later.’ 
Jacqueline messages all three, ‘You made all the difference in my world Tina. I’m glad you’re home safe.’
Charles, ‘You are one amazing friend Tina. It has been a blast. Rest up, you deserve it.’ 
All go through their routines for ending a wonderful experience. They are getting ready for their next time together. They are taking time to visit with Monica and Tina’s family a few times during breaks in their heavy schedules.
****
Monica was right. Before they knew it, two months went by in a flash as the day of the wedding arrives. It is a beautiful day. Charles knew it was no regular wedding as Jacqueline, Tina, his brother Jack and he had boarded their Augusta Westland Versace luxury helicopter for flying to Prince of Peace Church. They had boarded their Augusta near one of Monica’s massive estates located between Richmond and Stafford. Charles carrying Jacqueline’s wedding dress in a special enclosed bag while also carrying his tuxedo in another garment bag. Charles carefully places the wedding dress and his tuxedo in a nearby area of the luxurious helicopter. As the helicopter lifts into the beautiful day, Charles and his brother Jack looking around the luxurious interior then remarking to each other. 
Charles faces his brother, “Did you ever know such a helicopter existed? I know I have never flown in one like this.” 
Jack follows looking at Charles, “I have to convince Father to get us one of these for all the flying I do around the world for making shipping deals.” 
The brothers continue to look around, explore, and make remarks about the helicopter. 
Meanwhile, Jacqueline and Tina are talking about their interest in the wedding details, the wedding parties, and any last particulars they may have missed. 
The rest of the Jacqueline and Charles’ wedding party and guests for the wedding are congregating at a later time in one of Monica’s massive estates located between Richmond and Stafford. This is a massive manor outside of Richmond Virginia is located on over 800 acres of land. There are two housing structures of over 7,000 square feet each with 8 rooms and 5 baths each. The homes have five fireplaces in each of these housing structures. The main home has 12 French limestone fireplaces with thirty rooms and 25 carved marble and limestone bathtubs in the massive baths. The main house has a 3-story elevator in the home. Black walnut hand-doweled wide-plank floors matching the doors throughout the main house add to the appeal of the main home. All housing structures on the estate are luxuriously furnished. The wedding party and guests freshen up as they begin to trickle in. Monica being a most gracious host and coordinating the wedding parties and guest arrival and departure. 
Tina and Charles’ families getting to visit with each other and with Monica. They in turn making sure Jacqueline and Charles’ friends and guest are attended to and feel comfortable. Some of Charles and Jacqueline’s friends and guest a little shocked about this side of Jacqueline’s life they had never dreamed about. 
The bride and groom’s friends conversing excitedly with each other about their experiences so far. After all parties are present and accounted for, Monica begins coordinated all persons to the boarding of their respective Bell-525 Relentless luxury class helicopters. Monica, Tina’s family, and Charles’ family boarding their 10-passenger luxury class. The other luxury class Bell-525 are waiting for carrying16 persons each from the wedding guest. The guest from Charles and Jacqueline’s invitations are from close friends of their medical profession and church. The helicopters take off from Monica’s massive estate heading toward Prince of Peace Church.
Monsignor Lara is waiting at Prince of Peace Church in the designated area near the church for the arrival of the bride, groom, wedding party, and guest. Even though Monsignor Lara had been part of the planning, he is still trying to wrap his mind around this part of the wedding of looking into the sky for the helicopters’ arrivals. It was quite a sight for Monsignor Lara as he sees Jacqueline, Charles, and those with them helicopter land first. Jacqueline, Tina, Charles with the wedding dress, the tuxedo, and Jack exit their helicopter. Monsignor Lara points them in the general direction to go in case they had forgotten. 
Not long after the first helicopter, Monsignor sees the hovering and landing of the other helicopters. As the wedding parties and guest exit their respective helicopters, Monsignor Lara guides each to their general areas. The wedding guests making it to their respective areas inside the church. The guest marvel at the decorations of the church as they enter. The wedding planner offered by Monica had done a superb job in the decoration of the church and setting up the wedding celebration.
An unforeseen challenge occurs as usual at these wedding events. Jacqueline, Tina and some of their wedding party are helping Jacqueline into her wedding attire. When Tina tried to exit the church room for checking up on wedding details, the door jams holding the bride and her party hostage. Calls are made and the issues are quickly taken care of. The wedding celebration is back on track.
Jacqueline running her fingers along her wedding dress. The dress is a one of a kind from a coveted designer using materials from Monica and Charles’ Mother Beatrice’s wedding dresses. Jacqueline looks stunning in her mermaid style wedding dress. Tina informs Jacqueline and the bride’s maid all is ready. They step out and get into position just in time to hear the string quartet playing beautifully to start off the wedding celebration. 
Monica going down the aisle with Jacqueline. Monica presenting Jacqueline to Charles when they reach the place where Charles and his best man Jack are waiting looking striking in their tuxedos. Tina and her bride’s maids with their Versace outfits adding to the coordinated beauty of the decorations. The wedding celebration ensues guided by Monsignor Lara. 
By anyone’s standards, the wedding celebration is a beautifully spiritual and loving celebration. Crying is done here and there by even some of the men attending. Jacqueline and Charles reflecting joyfully that their wedding celebration is a miracle in and of itself to have happened. Their close intimate feelings of love for each other evident during the wedding spilling out to the majority in attendance because all care deeply for Jacqueline and Charles. It is a miracle wedding that happened with all three families of Monica, Tina, and Charles being supportive of this union. 
Cheers and claps as Jacqueline and Charles finish the wedding celebration as a married couple going down the aisle. The bride and groom with all in attendance at the wedding make their way to their respective helicopters. With Tina close by, she helps Jacqueline with her wedding dress get on board their helicopter. Charles helps Tina board the helicopter. Tina maneuvers Jacqueline’s wedding dress around as the blades of the helicopter begin to spin. Charles is helped up by his brother Jack get into the helicopter. Jack waves a goodbye to Charles as he heads to his helicopter to be with his family. Charles settles next to Jacqueline. They gaze into each other’s souls and kiss tenderly as the blades of the helicopter beat the air faster. 
As the helicopter lifts into the clear blue sky, Tina giving the newly married couple a look. “You two are disgustingly too lovey for me.” 
Jacqueline and Charles looking at Tina then laughing lightly. Their helicopter is flying them to their wedding reception. 
Meanwhile, Monsignor Lara changes out of his wedding celebration robes and into his cleric outfit. Monica is there to wait for him. When he comes out, Monica guides him to join her and their wedding party in their respective luxury helicopter. Jack has already joined his family in their helicopter when he helps Monica and Monsignor Lara enter the helicopter. The wedding guests board their respective luxury class Bell 525. The wedding planner looking on people boarding their helicopters and feeling nice in coordinating a wonderfully successful wedding celebration. He stays behind to oversee the clean-up of the decorations and the Church. After some moments of coordinating the cleanup of the church, he hears the last of the helicopters leave. 
As they are being flown to their wedding reception, Jacqueline decides to share with Charles and Tina something wonderfully secret. “Hey guys. I have a secret to share.”
Charles and Tina gawk at Jacqueline giving her the look as though they don’t want any more surprises in their lives. 
Jacqueline grins at both, “Don’t look at me that way. It’s not a bad secret. In the following months of my engagement to you Charles, I scheduled and kept my regular appointments with my doctor. With these appointments, with my love and support from you Charles and Tina, I am strong on a life path of healing. 
I have learned to tame the Sirens’ songs of death that would tug at me during difficult times. I have learned to risk sharing my weakness and allowing help for guidance and support from you Charles and you Tina. I wish to share with the both of you a special healing of closure.” 
Tina, “Here, I thought only Monica was the only one who had a major change in her life. This is so remarkable Jacqueline. I’m curious as a cat in a bag to find out what happened to you!!! Don’t leave out any details.” 
Charles, “Was the healing that great to have provided you with this insight? I’m having a hard time believing you are the same Jacqueline. You don’t talk like this. You don’t do things like this.” 
Jacqueline half giggles looking at Charles and Tina, “I’m glad the both of you think I have changed like Mother has changed in a good way. 
Well, I have not shared with you, Charles, or you, Tina, that I had been scheduling face-to-face sessions with the Dream Oracle.” 
Both stare incredulously at Jacqueline. 
Charles questions first. “Is there a reason you have kept this part of your life from us?” 
Tina declares loudly, “Since when?” 
Jacqueline, “Since shortly after my meeting with Mother at the fundraiser. When I had Hell-to- Pay after that visit. In my defense, I really did not hide this part of my life from you, Charles. Well, maybe mostly secret from you Tina. Hey, but you were gone for a lot of that time.” 
Tina closes her mouth as she had begun to reprimand Jacqueline for keeping this side of her life secret from Tina. 
Jacqueline continues, “I see you are about to say something, Tina, as for not telling you. Let me explain.” 
She faces Charles. “I had stated to you Charles that my dreams were getting better during a time that you were concerned about my wellbeing.”
Jacqueline holding up her arm and hand in front of Tina’s face as to begins to try to speak again, “As I said before Tina, remember that you were absent from my life for a long time. You did say for me to focus on Charles and my medical profession while you were away.” 
Before Charles or Tina can express foul or ask more questions, Jacqueline continues. “I am sharing this part of my life now to celebrate with the both of you that I finished my face-to-face sessions with the Dream Oracle. Another part of my life has closure and I wish to share what happened.” 
Tina and Charles become quietly attentive. 
Tina voices, “Well, then I think it is a nice thing to be celebrating closure from the face to face sessions with all of us sharing on this wonderful wedding day.” 
Jacqueline begins, “I so agree Tina. I think it is another part of my life to celebrate. I had sought the intervention of the Dream Oracle through chance decisions after that lunch with you my best friend Tina that left me raw wondering what to do with my nightmares. 
It seems like such a long time ago for Tina as she recalls that lunch.”
Jacqueline comes out of her serene moment and continues “The answer to my healing is that I decided upon scheduling face-to-face sessions with the Dream Oracle. The sessions helped me process in making life choices to improve my situation in life. During the sessions of processing my dream symbols, I would recount life events at these sessions as the meanings of the symbols were presented. 
Both of you may have noticed in the past months at different times my insistence to go to bed and sleep. Sleep is so necessary for my dreams to give honest guidance in what I must do in making life choices. My dreams tell me how my life paths or life decisions are unfolding. 
My preparation for bed, going to sleep, and then dreaming were necessary preparations before the face-to-face Dream Oracle sessions. Now I wish to share some details of my face-to-face sessions so that both of you can appreciate all that has happened. I am requesting very limited interruptions from the both of you. I know how inquisitive you guys are. Do I have both of you guys promise about limited interruptions?” 
Both Tina and Charles nod in silent agreement a ‘Yes.’ 
Jacqueline continues, “Good, thank you. 
In my first dream submission on the website, the major dream symbols were of ocean, watercraft, a shark, sea weeds, and darkness. In real life, I was not doing too well in navigating through my major life change since the watercraft for this important steering was a rickety wooden raft tosses about by the whims of the ocean. To top it off, my dream symbols had an added danger. If a fish is predatory in a dream, then there is an element of danger to the dreamer’s real-life experience. In my initial nightmares, this danger came in the symbol of a shark. 
Anyway, the Dream Oracle processed with me that all humans in my dream, be they female or male, were an extension of myself. The signals and clues for me to process in real life was how my female side as a relationship builder, being able to emotionally process the stressors, and build relationships that could solve major life stressors had been compromised. The more women in the dream, the more problematic the real-life situation.” 
Tina offers, “Not really interrupting. Hey, I recall having to read the rest of the Dream Oracle message the first time because it had been so difficult for you to embrace what the symbols of the dream were about. I am proud you took it up a notch to do face-to-face sessions.” 
Charles confused, “Sorry, now that Tina opened up a chance to talk. 
I don’t understand how this dream stuff works. But it sounds very interesting, please continue, Jacqueline.”
Jacqueline faces both, “You were there Tina for that most difficult of time when I realized what horrible things my nightmares were about. 
My love, I hope as I share more you will understand the impact of dreams in one’s life. 
Back to where I am going, shortly after returning from the fundraiser event, I had an added symbol at the beginning of my dream. I went through a Dream Oracle website submission again this time with less trepidation and with more hope in finding answers.” 
Tina offers, “I did not know you had submitted again on the website after your trip home.” 
Jacqueline, “I did because this added symbol gave me a clue that something in my real life was in real trouble. I was correct. My depressive state was at its most dangerous for me at the time. The added symbol at the beginning of my nightmare was a violent thunderstorm with blinding lightning and deafening thunder. 
The significantly powerful thunderstorm mixed with unsafe ocean conditions meant that I was in an emotionally turbulent life experience that could end my life. I came to realize that these dream symbols happening every time I would try to recover from my sexual violations from Richard. 
A word of caution was given to me by the Dream Oracle during one of the face-to-face sessions. It was highly recommended that I seek services of a professional before my inner turmoil ended my life. I vaguely remembered at the time of major thunderstorms throughout different difficult times in my life when I desired to kill myself. I was glad Charles was in my life at the time and I did eventually stay true in attending professional sessions and taking medications to help with my depression.  
A dream during my first sessions with the professional and the Dream Oracle was quite interesting. The dream is of a 49-year man in a house walking into a bathroom hearing a major thunderstorm going outside of the house. The lights go off. The man tries turning on the light but it doesn’t come on. The man starts arguing with people in the dark. The man is very afraid in the dark. In the dream, the man argues with children and adults. At some point, he yells at them that he’s not afraid. Children and adults are mumbling in the dark but man can’t understand what they’re saying. The man feels an evil presence in the dark bathroom and yells out that he’s not afraid of them.”
Charles expresses, “Wow, that is some wicked dream from your early days. So, what did the Dream Oracle say that dream meant?”
Jacqueline, “That dream of the man in the bathroom meant that I was having a tough time with a memory of some significant major event in my life. Duh, Richard’s abuse.
The thunderstorm a symbol of my depression being high during that memory of the significant event. The bathroom is a symbol of one’s insecure nature of how one is vulnerable around others. The bathroom being dark was my emotionally draining way of trying to deal with the vulnerable place of insecurity. I was informed that the dream was of a memory of an event in my life which was quite overwhelming. 
I understood that I was trying to deal with the overwhelming dark presence of evil that was of a destructive nature. I found no help from my male dream symbols as fixer of problems and logical thinker of finding a solution to the memory. My female dream symbols also having great difficulty dealing with destructive nature of the significant memory event of emotional processing and seeking supportive help. The Dream Oracle informed that back then, I needed help in dealing with such an overwhelming life experience.”
Tina expresses, “You would have known if you submitted this dream a long time ago that it was the sexual abuse from Richard started when you were 13. That was the significant life experience memory you were having difficulty dealing with. 
But, I figure that even if you had found out from the Dream Oracle back then that you needed help for the sexual abuse from Richard, you would not have done anything about it.”
Jacqueline, “Very true my dear friend. I have come a long way. Don’t you think?”
Tina voices, “Yes, I agree, you have responded much better in getting help for dealing with your sexual abuse from Richard. 
So, fast forward for me when you are finishing off your medical profession requirements and having to deal with the nightmares of the shark.”
Jacqueline, “Alright, the first Dream Oracle message had left me feeling fearful that I did not have the ability to seek out professional help and less likely to attend the sessions just like I had so many years ago as suggested with the man in bathroom dream. I continued to find help and strength in the dream interpretations of the rest of the dream symbols. 
That’s when I reflected on your message, Tina, of keeping myself going for help before you left. This is the time I decided to include you to help me, Charles, regarding my life’s dark secrets and work toward setting and keeping those appointments with a professional.” 
Charles voices “So, that’s what was going on in with you at the time. I could not figure out what had happened to you for you to be so different in getting help from me. It was so unlike you. I remember that special time with you in the park. My experience with you and my resolve to help you as I came to love you even more at that time.” 
Jacqueline nods her head in acknowledgement facing Tina then Charles. “Oh, Charles you have no idea what a burden you helped carry for me at the time. 
Well, I discovered that changes in my dream symbols are related to my real-life choices and changes I make. The first change that I noticed in my dream symbols came in the form of the type of watercraft the girl was on in the ocean. The first dreams included the dream symbol of a rickety raft. The style, make, model, color of the water transportation is suggestive of how well I was managing to maneuver through the real life major changes or major choices in my life. The measly raft in my nightmares told me I was not doing so well.” 
Jacqueline pauses to face Charles and Tina. She breathes in and out before continuing. “I was trying to stop myself from killing myself after my controlling the situation with Richard to get him out of the way to get support from Mother. My better coping in real life with Richard showed up as changes in some of my dream symbols. The watercraft dream symbol of the raft and paddle changed into a paddle boat with two oars. The other change in my dream came in the form that it was not as dark as the previous dreams. The dream being not as dark signaling that my depressive symptoms were lessening, and I was becoming more aware of my options in dealing with Richard. The ocean was not as turbulent as in the previous dreams, suggestive that my life experiences of Richard were not as stressful as before. In this dream, the symbol of the paddle boat has more control in steering away from the shark as well as having two means of defense. I was informed that this was suggestive of how I was getting better at navigating through real life stressors involving Richard, as well as ensuring I was seeking safety. 
In the nightmare, when the shark does come out of the ocean, it is more difficult for predator to get to the human female in the boat. The shark must try several times in the attack to get close to the human female. The human female injures the shark with the use of both paddles and the larger watercraft paddle boat provided more safety. This dream follows the events of previous dreams ending with teenage female experiencing lesser damage to her body from the shark and after crawling onto the beach injured can remove some seaweed off her body. 
The full impact of what I had accomplished when I returned home from the fundraiser was not embraced by me till I had done some healing. I had first gone through the battling of coveting death plans as was the result each time after I was violated by Richard. I came to embrace the fact that I got worse before I got better after these violations with Richard. Thus, the thunderstorm at the beginning of a dream during my second website submission.”
Charles questions, “So real life situation changes began showing up in changes of your dream symbols?”
Jacqueline nods her head in affirmation. “As I spent more time healing myself by embracing and controlling real life situations, the dream symbol of the paddle boat changed into a larger single-engine motor boat. My dream meant, there is the ability to steer away from the shark. There is more speed and maneuverability suggestive that I was gaining more control in my life experiences over Richard’s control and memories of abuse of me that left me emotionally crippled in moving on with my life. The dream is lighter in it and the ocean is not as turbulent. 
This is suggestive that at the time, I was getting more clarity about what I had to do to gain control of my life and process the emotions of sexual abuse. The dream still had the shark attacking with the female crawling on the beach with seaweed later covering her body. The female symbol in the dream is older during this time. This is suggestive that the stronger female areas of myself were starting to take charge of major life stressors. 
Another change is that the female is not as hurt in the shark attack and is able to fend off more of the sea weeds from covering her body. This meant that I was developing more coping abilities in handling my crippling emotional injuries from my powerful stepfather’s violations. It was at this session that I shared feeling more in control when I visited home.”
Jacqueline swallows a little. “I gave the details during that session about how I had controlled the situation with Richard in the Gazebo next to the pool. Also, this dream was tied to when Mother offered me support by having Tina contact her to implement the plan to intervene with Richard. My dream symbols continued to change as I embraced acceptance of myself, allowing you, Charles, to become more involved in my life, and focus on my medical profession. 
The next major changes in my dream symbols included several women in the dream. Women in dreams are symbols as relationship builders, emotional processors of stressors, working through issues in relationship with another, effective processors of emotional nurturing, and the other female characteristics that the dreamer may have embraced in real life situations. There are two women in a power boat. They could help each other with ways to out-maneuver the shark and gain safe distance from the shark. The ocean waters are choppy. The day is cloudy. The women dock their power boat where there is an older woman waiting for them. The shark attacks the women at the dock. The shark is not able to hurt any of the women, but the power boat is smashed. There are no sea weeds in this dream.”
Jaqueline looks at the ceiling cabin of the helicopter before returning facing Tina and Charles. “The more women, the tougher the issue to handle. There is a reality at needing more help. At this session, I realized that I was developing more of my female strength because of how you, Tina, were involved with a plan that included my Mother. 
In my past nightmares, one teenage girl being the dream symbol indicative that I did not have enough of the emotional strength and insight to get help from others. Two women in the nightmare indicative that I was facing the reality of how difficult the real-life situation in emotionally dealing with Richard. 
I recounted in the session the details of strengths I had embraced from real women at the time. Those strengths came from you, Tina, and my Mother. The Dream Oracle explained to me that I was embracing you and Mother’s strengths by having more females in my dream. More female in my dreams also meant that the issue of Richard which I was dealing with in real life was a huge undertaking. 
For me, Tina’s real-life personality in organizing, planning, and being able to get the impossible done showed up as an extension of myself as a female symbol helping to outmaneuver the shark. The older woman in the dream was my symbol of my Mother’s qualities that I have embraced by how she wielded an air of confidence, competence, and tinged with defiance. The other dream symbols of a smashed powerboat, the day being cloudy, the shark still being powerful, were indicative that I was both hopeful and fearful about what the results of the plan regarding Richard would turn out to be.”
Jacqueline faces Charles. “As I allowed you, Charles, to be more involved in my life, men showed up as dreams symbols. It has been explained to me that men or boys are symbols of male characteristics in this society as fixers of problems, rational thinkers, and compartmentalizing of issues to handle the stressors. The men in dreams symbolize strength, as being hard workers, as being providers, and the rest of male characteristics from real life males that the dreamer is embracing. 
Your strengths, Charles, and my embracing my masculine side were showing up as dream symbols from my real-life choices of dealing with staying alive, and the stress of not knowing what would happen if our plan with Richard failed. Bringing God into my life because of you Charles also strengthened my male dream symbols.”
Jacqueline returns to face Charles and Tina, “Women stayed in my nightmares as symbols. In one dream telling me that I am making healthy strong choices that need a lot of help in life for coping with life stressors, there are men and women on a 200-foot white yacht going through ocean waters that are choppy, and the day is bright with some clouds in the distance. A shark fin is spied in the ocean following the yacht. Some of the men and women are intrigued and get close to the edge of the yacht railings to observe the shark in closer proximately. The shark lunges out of the water. 
No one is hurt, but they are surprised and fearful. This is suggestive that women areas and men areas of myself were providing the necessary strength for safety for a very difficult area for me to deal with. However, both the male and female areas of myself are still frightened at the powerful brutal force of the shark, suggestive of the fearful powerful brutal force of the sexual violation emotions still within me. In the dream, everyone on the yacht observes in awe as a killer whale is spotted in the distance coming towards the yacht. The killer whale makes for the shark and closes in quickly. The shark tries to escape. The killer whale can outmaneuver and skillfully injures the shark. In the next instance, the onlookers are shocked with the barbaric manner the killer whale slaughters and tears apart the shark to consume it in smaller pieces. The dream ends.” 
“That is some wicked violence between a killer whale and a shark.” admits Charles. 
“What did this group of symbols mean in your real life?” queries Tina. 
Jacqueline, “This dream happened during the time of Richard’s death. I, like the both of you, had knowledge of what my Mother can do. This fearful knowledge that Mother was capable of the murder of three people and could get away with it. The killer whale was the predatory symbol of my powerful Mother killing my predator stepfather the shark. I had to decide in real life how I was going to engage Mother and not be torn apart by her. 
All right, guys. The last face-to-face session. Just out of curiosity, did anyone notice what dream symbol changes were in the previous dream?”
Charles speaks up, “A 200-foot-yacht, you have major safety and maneuvering in real life going on. The ocean is not turbulent which means your turmoil in your major life change is lessened but you have a massive watercraft dream symbol meaning you are stronger in dealing with life choices that have been crippled since you were 13.”
Jacqueline, “Wow, Charles, you are getting the hang of this.” 
Tina next, “One moment, Jacqueline, best friend from forever over here. You have men and women parts of yourself in the dream meaning you are empowering yourself in how you deal with the brutality of your stepfather, and your Mother, using the strengths from both genders. So many people in your nightmare mean it is a big deal for you to handle the stressor of dealing with the emotions Richard’s sexual abuse has left you with. It also means you have quite a challenge in real life.” 
Jacqueline nods her head in agreement with Tina. “The Dream Oracle informed me much like you did Tina. Thank you, for being that support for me in difficult times. 
Now for the last session with the Dream Oracle. The dream this time included the same 200-foot white yacht as before. The ocean waters were a beautiful blue. The day was clear and beautiful through which the yacht was traveling in the calm ocean. In the far-off distance, a major storm was spotted. Instead of fear or danger from the storm for those on the yacht, it added beauty to the landscape. There are several men and women on the yacht enjoying time with each other. The majority rush to the right side of the yacht railings when a man yells that he has spied a killer whale fin. All look on in awe and with respect of the beauty and potential danger of the killer whale. The killer whale moves away on a different path and before long it can no longer be seen. The end of the dream. 
I was asked by the Dream Oracle what I thought the dream symbols meant. I started off by explaining that I had found love and support from two amazing persons in my life. These amazing persons allowed me to handle life’s changes and stressors with safety. I also had the support of professional help and medications. All this strength offered me the opportunity to attend sessions with my doctor for healing of my past trauma and for seeking God for strength in impossible situations to control. There were additional strengths such as in circumstances through my upcoming marriage with Charles.”  
Charles reaches out and holds Jacqueline’s hand. She squeezes his hand lightly then to stare soulfully into his eyes. 
She returns to including Tina for the rest of the talk, “I expressed to the Dream Oracle that I continued to have an amazing friend, named Tina, who is much involved with Charles and my life. I said to the Dream Oracle that I had championed an agreement where Tina would have time with myself, Charles, and with Charles’ family. We in turn would have time with Tina and her family. All three of us would have time with Mother. Time with Mother being respectful and in awe of her abilities which includes a danger.” 
“I think your life and time with Monica has turned out very well.” champions Charles. 
“I agree that our times with each other and with our families have been a treat for me also. I know I remind myself of what Monica is capable of doing while at the same time enjoy spending time with her.” Continues Tina. 
Tina pauses then voices, “All three of us have circles of friends which include men and women of the legal and medical professions. It works out so well as support for you Jacqueline.” 
Jacqueline smiles, “I agree with you, Tina. I continued to express to the Dream Oracle why my dream has the dream symbols of men and women on the yacht as they are an extension myself. These symbols are the strengths that each of the men and women in my life have brought to me to deal with a very difficult life situation that stems from Richard’s sexual abuse. The 200-foot white yacht the symbol of my secure and safe navigation through major life changes when compared to the fearful uncontrollable rickety raft in the first nightmares. The ocean water being calm, clear beautiful blue was that life changes were embraced by me and not crippled me as I had been since 13-year-old experiences with Richard. 
The dream being a beautiful day meant that I have clarity about what is needed to navigate through the major life changes and be safe in making life choices. The major storm in the distance is the symbol that there is more emotionally turbulent life change events or choices in real life that a professional and God will be needed to help me continue in my healing. 
I recognized that I still have turbulent areas within me that will need to be addressed by professionals and God because of the sexual abuse from Richard. The sexual abuse from my stepfather would need to be addressed for the storm not to overwhelm and cripple me with depression. However, this storm added to the beauty of me as the dreamer’s character meaning that I embraced the reality of this part of myself. 
The killer whale fin in the ocean was the symbol of Mother. The killer whale dream symbol suggested to respect Mother, stay connected to her, be very careful around her, and allow her to go her path. In real life, I have indeed developed such a relationship with her where the past is not brought up, knowledge of what Mother did and got away with doing is not addressed, and how the three of us made sure to visit her often. 
I reported to the Dream Oracle how Charles and I were blossoming in our medical professions as well as in our love for each other. I said to the Dream Oracle that overall, the dream was suggestive that I the dreamer was in a good spot. The Dream Oracle concurred and applauded my ability to interpret my dream symbols.”
Jacqueline pauses to smile upon Tina and Charles. “Upon my getting up, thanking the Dream Oracle, and saying my goodbye for the last time, the Dream Oracle’s final statement to me was ‘live well, Jacqueline, and let your dreams guide your life.’ 
To you my love Charles and to you my best friend, Tina, may we live well and let our dreams be our guide.” 
Charles, “May our dreams together unfold my love.”
Tina, “Let’s keep on dreaming of all that is good in our lives.”
“Well said my dear ones,” Just as Jacqueline finishes they feel their helicopter begin to hover and descend to their wedding reception. The wedding reception is going to be another major surprise for most. 
As the helicopters lands, all parties begin to exit their respective helicopters. There is sounds of surprise, laughter, and statements from many.
“Now this is the Jacqueline and Charles I know.” 
“This so fits them!” 
“Oh! I was so not expecting this. They are too much! They are great!” 
“What the…really? I got to know the story behind how they chose this place one day.” 
Monica, Charles’ family, Tina’s family talking among each other laughing and enjoying themselves as the attentive wait staff guide them to their seats inside the restaurant. They have the restaurant all to themselves. 
Once all parties are seated, Charles standing next to Jacqueline as she announces loudly “Welcome everyone to a place with cherished memories for Charles, Tina, and me. Everyone enjoy yourselves at Pancho Villa Mexican Restaurant!!!” Cheers from all in attendance. 
****
Jacqueline, Charles, and Tina had decided to have their wedding reception at Pancho Villa Mexican Restaurant because it was here that they planned the last details of their wedding shortly after Tina’s return. They had selected the restaurant for various reasons. 
The interior is very well done from the tile on the floor to the bright colorful paintings on the wall. There is a bright festive atmosphere to the place. The atmosphere made you feel like you were in Mexico. The serving staff is awesome. 
Beautiful presentation of the food that also filled one’s palate with great flavors. The chips and salsa are to die for.  The cheese dip with the chips and salsa added more delicious enjoyment. The enchilada plate (chicken, pork, cheese) is very tasty. The beer is cold to perfection. The grilled shrimp chimichanga is great. Steak fajita quesadilla enjoyed by many. Service is so good for everyone to enjoy the experience. Everyone thoroughly enjoying their meals and their times together. Chicken fajita quesadilla which is very filling. Many husbands and boyfriends’ orders chimichangas including the new husband Charles. 
Family and friends are ordering a variety of beverages including beers. Other orders including rather large raspberry margaritas.  The wedding reception here at this establishment just made the night more intimately celebratory. 
Families got to know each other more. The guest got to know more about Jacqueline and Charles through their friends from the medical profession and from Prince of Peace Church. The brothers and sisters getting to enjoy times of conversations about what was going on their lives. There are delightful visits constantly going on with one another. All parents having a grand time throughout the night. 
Charles, Jacqueline, and Tina can’t believe their parents’ festive manner. Even Monica is a different woman. She is without her powerful business persona. She is such delight. Jacqueline and Charles’ wedding cake is a tres leches cake, served on wonderful presentations and enjoyed by all. 
Heartfelt touching toasts from Tina, Jack, Monica, James with Beatrice, and Karl with Adala were made. The toast ending with Monica, James, and Beatrice approaching Jacqueline and Charles. 
Monica raises glass looking at Jacqueline and Charles, “To your new home. I hope the both of you like your new home from James, Beatrice, and me.” 
She hands Jacqueline and Charles the keys to their home. They look a little worried.
Monica explains, “Don’t worry. The helicopter pilot will fly you to your new home after the reception.” 
Charles is speechless. Jacqueline rising hugging her Mother, and Charles’ parents. Charles getting his voice back, thanking each with heartfelt gratitude and rising to shake each ones’ hands. 
The night finally comes to where Jacqueline and Charles bid everyone a good night as they pay their final visit with everyone. The party continues with much celebration following Jacqueline and Charles departure to their helicopter. Jacqueline is helped by Charles into boarding their helicopter. 
Their helicopter rises into the beautifully cool bluish full moon night. Many waving up to the helicopter as the bride and groom are flown to their new home. After the bride and groom’s helicopter is gone from their site, all return inside to continue enjoying themselves into the early hours of the morning. 
Their helicopter lands near Jacqueline and Charles new waterfront home. Staff had lit up all areas of their home. Charles helps Jacqueline exit their helicopter. Their new home is a spectacular waterfront estate with expansive views! Jacqueline and Charles excitedly talking to each other enjoying their home as they approach. They hear their helicopter take off. Charles tries the keys and the door opens. He deposits their home’s keys in his pocket. 
Charles facing Jacqueline, “I think I can do this.” 
He whisks Jacqueline up off her feet with her giving off a light laughing 
Jacqueline with a “Whoa!!!” as Charles whisks her in his arms.
He carries Jacqueline past the threshold of their new home. Later, from the inside home, the creatures of the woods hearing bedroom sounds of love making from the newly-wed couple. 
****
The next day, Jacqueline and Charles wake in their luxurious bed as husband and wife to gaze at each other while they caress each other’s naked arms and shoulders smiling to each other. They lovingly kiss each other. They slip out of the designer sheets naked. They shower and cleanse each other’s naked bodies with scented soaps. 
They step out of the shower when finished. Charles handing Jacqueline some fluffy towels for drying herself and takes some towels for himself. They talk about their wedding, their wedding reception as though it was a dream. Jacqueline and Charles go through their morning routines. They select from the enormous fully stocked closets of cloths. 
Charles, “Really!!! How did they know my size and what style of cloths to get me?!!!” 
Jacqueline says nothing and only smiles back at Charles. She thought, He used ‘Really’ again. 
They talk some more about their wedding as they get dressed. They make a light breakfast and talk about their family and friends. They talk about how each is eager to explore their new home. They explore an all new kitchen, new appliances-flooring-granite counters. They enjoy a sunroom, a finished basement, a marble foyer, 4 large bedrooms, and 6 bathrooms. There are other joyful amenities such as a private guest suite, a large study/music room with a baby grand piano. There is a three-car garage with 9-foot doors. There are three new Cadillac vehicles in the garage. There is a full storage upstairs. The exquisite furnishings are from Charles’ family. Their new home a wonderful expression of Jacqueline and Charles’ families. 
Both excitedly conversing with the other about their new home as they set about exploring the place. The place, a three-hundred-acre place with a pier, boat lifts, 200- bulk-headed waterfront with sandy beach on the 3-mile wide Potomac River. Their separate boat building with 60-foot yacht, a gift from Charles’ family. The home has a private paved driveway. As Charles lovingly holds Jacqueline’s hand as they go through their property, Jacqueline reminiscing about to their wedding night. 
Charles carried me past the threshold of our new home after our wedding reception. He gentle poured me onto comfortable sofa. He removed his tuxedo jacket, undid his bow tie letting it hang around his neck. I slipped off my rhinestone crystal bridal shoes. I stood, and he brought me close to him with his arms around my waist. I reached up with my arms embracing around his neck as he reached down to kiss me. We savored each other’s delicious kiss. 
As we continued to remove our cloths we discussed Dr. Neal’s counsel to us to avoid putting pressures on ourselves on our wedding night since our first time of lovemaking had been so fulfilling for the both of us. We had agreed to not have sex again since that first wonderful time until our wedding night. 
Here was our night for union. It was amazing how we were both of same mind to follow Dr. Neal’s counsel. We would gently remind each other to enjoy the moment. After our passionate kiss, we observed the surrounding of our new home for the first time. We would find out later that Tina and the wedding planner had decorated our new home with romance as the main theme. There was a rose pedal path leading to a specific area we both agreed must be our bedroom. Little by little we deposited pieces of our clothing along the rose pedal path embracing and kissing as we progressed. 
By the time we made it to the bedroom, where the amazingly romantic atmosphere continued, Charles was in his boxer shorts and I was in my white lace lingerie. The traditional bottle of champagne on ice and luscious chocolate covered strawberries were set on one of the night stands. 
We sat at the edge of our bed. Charles opened the champagne and I readied the flutes to pour our libation. We toasted to love. I picked up a chocolate strawberry to feed him and he did the same. We continued to talk about our magical day, the wedding, our families, and how unreal it felt for the both of us to be married as man and wife joined under God. ‘What God has joined let no man separate.’ Oh God, what a wonderful phrase. Just as wonderful to recall for my marriage. I really don’t remember when Charles got up and began lighting the myriads of candles with the candle lighter provided next to the strawberries. We lightly laughed as he did some searching of the lights switches to turn them off for the magic of the candles to work. 
By the time he returned from lighting the candles and turning of the lights, I had loosened my lingerie. He returned to my side and we lusciously kissed. We kissed some more, caressed each other into bodily pleasure. We go on to touch and kiss some more. I gently pushed him down on the bed where he ended up on his back while I slowly removed his boxer shorts. I would caress and kiss his legs with him breathing in pleasure as I went kissing and licking down his muscular legs. 
Kneeling over him, I then seductively removed my lingerie while Charles approvingly looked at me while setting himself on our bed in a comfortable position half laying with his legs to the side. I let the last of my lingerie melt away and joined Charles by taking my positon in front of him with my head and part of my back laying on chest. I spread my legs and bent them slightly to access my genitals.
I began my masturbation, by gently, manually stimulating my clitoris and labia minora with stroking, pressing, and rhythmical motions. I kept switching my hands and moving my fingers about my genitals. Charles began masturbating his penis by stroking and rubbing. We kept masturbating like this for a while, till my gentle manipulations began my reaching sensations of tingling and tension in my pelvis area. I continued my masturbation in my clitoris area with more tingling and tension causing faint sparks to orgasm building up. I did a quick glance over to Charles’ masturbation. His large penis was fully erect, his testis markedly increased in size and fully elevated. The color of his penis glans had deepened. I felt my clitoris and labia areas had swelled massively as I continued to masturbate. Soon, I felt my fingers covered with the buildup of my clear, slippery, mildly scented vaginal fluid. I moved my body up, turned around to face him while kneeling next to him. I brought his legs over to the middle of our bed. 
I positioned myself on top his naked body with my knees next to his hips. I grabbed his large penis, and lowered myself. I slowly inserted his rock hard massive penis into my soft collapsing cave of flesh with Charles exhaling loudly. I engaged in short shallow thrusts moving my body back and forth followed by a few long hard thrusts, and a grinding motion. I could feel my clitoris and labia areas swelled massively again with more of these motions. I continued my pattern of grinding more on top of him while my arms and hands rested on his chest. He signaled me that he felt an orgasm sensation. 
I lifted my body and took out his penis from inside me. I squeezed his penis glans for several seconds. There was a loss of some of his erection but, he did not shoot his load of cum. I reinserted his penis inside me. I used slow thrusting motions until I felt his full erection inside me and grinding my body against him for stimulating my clitoris. I continued to regulate the speed and vigor of my grinding back and forth motion. I moved my body to short shallow thrusts followed by a few long hard thrusts with grinding motion. Charles motioned me again that he was feeling an orgasm coming on. I lifted my body, took out his penis from inside me, squeezed his penis glans for several seconds. There was some loss of an erection as before. I reinserted his penis in my vagina and began riding him as before, with the slow thrusting motions building up to the hard grinding motion thrust. I brought both his hands up to gently massage my breast and fully erect nipples while I continued to ride him resting my arms and hands on his chest. 
I felt sensations of tingling and tension in my clitoris area. I felt the building up to faint sparks of tingling and tension of an orgasm. I increased the power of my grinding. I experienced a suffusion of warmth spreading from my pelvis through the rest of my body, culminating in throbbing sensations in my pelvis. I experienced a hot rush, a sudden breathtaking dousing of all the nerves of my body in pleasure for a time that seemed like an eternity. I surprised myself in letting out a loud moan of gratification. 
I laid my naked sweat glistening body on Charles’ chest while keeping my pelvis slightly up in the air with him still inside me. Charles lifting his pelvis went on to banging me hard with powerful long strong pelvic thrusts slapping my bottom until I felt his massive ejaculation of cum inside me. Charles moaning loudly during his orgasm. Even after his orgasm, he continued with his strong powerful thrust a few more times. 
We stayed connected with him inside me, I am laying on top of him as we passionately kissed. After our passionate kiss, I lay my head down on Charles’ chest. Our bodies were drenched and glistening in sweat as the candle light cast its languorous rays on our intertwined bodies and flushed faces. Charles stayed inside me as he caressed my back in up and down motions. We relaxed for several moments savoring each other till he moved for his penis came out of me because of his loss of an erection. Semen and vaginal fluids gushed out of inside me onto his genitals and the bedcovers. 
I lazily removed myself from atop of Charles, dripping more of our sexual juices from my love cave. We both got up from our bed and followed the mellow light of the candles to our wonderful master bath. I began the shower, with Charles kissing the nape of my neck and shoulders. I checked the water. I guided us both to enter the shower. Soaps were provided, and we went about in a gentle mood of soaping and caressing each other’s naked bodies. When finished caressing our bodies clean, we stepped out of the shower, I provided fluffy towels for each of us, we dried each other off. Our arms around each other’s waist, we walked naked to our bed. 
We flung the sexual juices drenched top covers off the bed. I found, and we hurled on a decorative top cover. We joined each other under the covers, lovingly embraced, and went into blissful sleep. 
Jacqueline is brought back into the present as she hears Charles’ voice. Charles still in conversation with Jacqueline not noticing when she had escaped to a passionate love making wedding night memory. 
“…Being here at our new home is but the start of our honeymoon. Monica has transportation arranged to passage us to own our own private Bahamas island for our honeymoon.” 
Jacqueline smiles back at Charles, “Well Charles, then I think it’s time for us to return to our new home for packing.” 
Charles nods his head in agreement. They lazily stroll like a couple in love back to their new home. They pack a few things in the provided travel bags. Monica had informed them they could pack lightly since many of their outfits would be waiting for them at their honeymoon destination. 
Their helicopter arrives at the designated time. Charles carries the bags. Jacqueline boards first. Charles follows. He places their bags in a compartment next to him. Their luxury helicopter lifts into the beautiful day, whisking them over the ocean. They fly past Florida, heading to the Bahamas. Their helicopter begins to hover and lands on one of the most beautiful island estates in the area Jacqueline explains to Charles. Charles looking about the island as they hover for a landing believes her. 
They exit their helicopter, immediately they are waited upon hand and foot by the mansion island staff. They are guided to their exotically luxurious island room. Jacqueline convinces Charles to leave their bags for the island staff to take care of. 
Delicious meals are prepared. The day ends with a night time romantic meal by fire near the beach. Jacqueline and Charles being playful after a romantic meal, strip out of their clothes and go out naked for a wonderful ocean swim. They come back from their swim energized. They dress over their wet bodies and lazily stroll back to their room. Once in their room they go through their night routines. Their wet cloths melt off their bodies as the couple so in love goes into passionate love making. 
****
Bahamas Island.
The following honeymoon days in the morning after breakfast, Jacqueline and Charles go snorkeling. They finish their snorkeling, remove their gear, lazily walk as a couple in love along the beach telling stories to each other of the magnificent ocean life each had experienced. One of the days there is a pause from their conversations. 
Jacqueline voices during their walk along the beach, “Truly a honeymoon paradise.” 
Charles agrees and adds, “Yes, truly a paradise for romance. I love you so much Jacqueline.” They continue their loving stroll along the beach. 
Charles meanwhile engaged in memories of those honeymoon nights. The romance of how every night during our honeymoon Jacqueline climbed on top of me. Inserted my rock-hard penis into her warm collapsing vaginal fluid filled love cave. She vigorously moved her hips in a grinding motion with short and long thrusts until her body writhing in climax. Her curvaceous sweat glistening body lying on top of me after her climax. My pounding her with a force creating ripples from her voluptuous bottom moving her body back and forth on top of my chest. My orgasm intense as I feel myself cum inside her. 
Oh, the pleasure of bathing her naked body after making love. The joy of returning to our bed naked. The wonderfully laying in each other’s arms leading to a blissful sleep. 
Every morning before sunrise, I would be awakened by my rock hard fully erect penis wanting Jacqueline again. I would lovingly gaze at Jacqueline’s face in the magical light of dusk. I would gently caress her naked shoulder. She would stir a little. I placed my arm beneath her legs, lifted them in the air and moved my pelvis in front of her genitals. After I positioned myself where my penis contacted her clitoris and labia minor, I began using my penis for stroking, pressing, in rhythmical motions her genitals while keeping her legs draped over my hip. There would be some slighter stirring and quite moans from her. When I felt and smelled her vaginal juices flowing on my penis, I would press my penis up against her love cave. 
With her eyes lazily closed, she would grab my penis over my hand. I would release my penis to her hand. She would then use my penis to stroke, press, in rhythmical motions her genitals till her clitoris and labia areas swelled massively as she continued. I felt my penis covered with the buildup of her clear, slippery, mildly scented vaginal fluid. She would then use the back of her legs draped over my hip to pull my pelvis toward her while holding my penis and insert me inside her slowly. 
Once inside her, I pulsated my pelvis with short and long thrust with Jacqueline increasing the intensity of the thrusts with her legs pulling me towards her. I would continue to the point of feeling the pressure building up in my groin area then reaching a controlled moaning as I ejaculated into orgasm. She would stay in her sleepy state only moaning slightly feeling my penis shooting my load inside her. I would stay inside her in blissful ecstasy and dose into restful nap until we both awoke with me still inside her with a soft erection... ” 
****
Each day and night is a paradise of romance. Their paradise of love comes to an end. Jacqueline and Charles graciously thank all the wonderful staff on the island whom they see while getting ready for their departure. Their helicopter arrives moving the crystal blue ocean and white sand into a flurry. The blades of the helicopter slow to allow Jacqueline and Charles to walk over for boarding. They board their helicopter. Charles places their bags into a compartment next to them. Jacqueline and Charles nestle next to each other. The blades of their helicopter beating faster until they lift to see the island paradise from the air. It was a beautifully clear day with some billowy clouds around them. Their helicopter begins their flight back to their new home and new life. On the flight, Jacqueline and Charles talking about their wedding, their honeymoon, their families. They talk about Tina and their other friends. Jaqueline and Charles talking excitedly about what their life will be like as husband and wife. They having a great time talking what to tell Tina, who would be waiting for them at their new home.

Chapter 22: Jacqueline and Charles 
In between talks with Charles, and with her friend Tina, Jacqueline is regarding their success with all things impossible in their lives. 
During their talks Tina is conspiring. How do I get Charles out of the way? I need to get private juicy details from Jacqueline. Com’on, I was gone almost a year. I came back to find out these two are engaged! I need to find out what these two did while I was gone for almost a year. 
In her ‘bull in a china-shop’ manner Tina faces Charles. “Charles, there are some gal topics I want to discuss with Jacqueline alone. You had her all these months to yourself. Now be a dear and give us some time to ourselves.” 
Charles is taken aback by the sudden turn of Tina excluding him from their conversations. He turns and looks at Jacqueline for guidance. 
She bows her head to him in a slight ‘go ahead nod as she says, “Tina wants to have a private girl talk. She said this so subtly you could hardly make out what she really wants.” 
Charles grins at Jacqueline then looks at Tina, while rising to get himself ready to depart, he voices. “Well, that’s my clue. I will get myself ready to leave.” 
Charles moves for getting close and sharing a tender kiss with Jacqueline when he suddenly stops from kissing Jacqueline. 
He turns toward Tina. “You owe me Tina.” 
Tina with a mischievous grin, “Yeah, yeah. You bet. Now out you go.” 
Charles return to face Jacqueline, “I love you Jacqueline.” 
He finishes his kiss with Jacqueline, walks around to gather his wallet and keys with every move studied by Jacqueline and Tina. He checks to see if he has everything he needs. 
Charles nods his head in satisfaction saying to himself. “I have everything I need.” 
He opens their home’s front door and is walking out the door, when Charles suddenly stops motionless at the doorway. As though he remembers something. 
Charles still facing going out the door turns his head slightly and voices over his left shoulder. “How much time you two need for gossiping?” 
Tina quick to respond. “How about you make plans for the three of us to have a late supper out at one of our favorite places to dine.” 
He responds, “All day gossiping it is. Bye you two, have fun.” With that, Charles departs. 
Tina turning her attention to Jacqueline with arms slightly outstretched and with both palms facing up in the air, with fingers closing and opening. This arm and hand jester from Tina is well known to Jacqueline. 
Tina is signaling she wants all the truthful details. “Tell me Jacqueline, how did you go from my advice to focus on Charles to where the both of you are engaged by the time I came back?” 
Jacqueline is quietly pensive for several moments. Where do I begin…? I got it. “I did what you asked me regarding Charles and took it a little further than what I thought I could do. 
My breakthrough in taking my relationship with Charles to a whole new level began when he drove us to a beautifully breathtaking, peaceful park area. After setting up at a wonderful location, we began munching on some great food and sipping on wine. 
We talked about our circle of friends and our family matters. At some point, Charles brought to our wonderful conversations his desire to know more about my family.” 
Interrupts Tina, “After the many heated arguments about staying away from talks about your family, he dared to ask? That must have been difficult for you considering what was going on at the time.” 
Jacqueline replies, “Yes, it was difficult for me. Charles desiring to visit my family became, to say the least, a hotly contested topic during our time at the park. 
I expressed to him, as honestly as I could, how guys who called on me and yearned to spend time dating me, Richard destroyed. I provided him with proof about how Richard would get when he found out I had someone in my life.” 
Tina with curiosity seen all over her face. “How did Charles react when you reminded him about Richard’s response when he discovered Charles in your life?” 
Jacqueline voices, “I shared with him a previous time in our discussions about my displaying to Charles a hatefully demeaning message from Richard. I reminded him how he had agreed to drop my family topics of our discussions since they were upsetting for me and hurting for him.” 
Tina emphasizes. “You gota give him credit for being persistence about desiring to know more about your family. Also, what a drive Charles had for wanting a chance to meet your Mother and Richard in person.” 
Jacqueline with her mouth a little downturned, “True, he is persistent, one of the qualities I love about Charles. I guess I would not want it any other way. 
Well, back at the park story regarding those tense moments about my family, we changed topics to talk about his family. I was more relieved. We became more peaceful in our conversations. I continued to enjoy Charles’s talks about his family as we sipped our wine and dined on some of the delicious food he had packed. In this peaceful place of our conversations, we found our comfortable positions with him sitting behind me and me half sitting in front of him with my head lying on his chest.” 
Tina voices. “Seems like the both of you were enjoying each other’s company at this point.” 
Offers Jacqueline. “We were. I thought this would be the time to risk broaching a vulnerable area of myself. Our conversations lazily drifted to several topics and into silent moments of just being present with each other. There was one area of discussion that I was slowly getting the courage to bring into our talks. Without revealing the true reason for my asking, I carefully prodded Charles if during his psychiatric rotation, he ever had any psychiatric cases where there had been parent incest or sexual violations.” 
Tina surprised. “You went there! Oh, you wanted to know what happens to people when they are sexually violated by a parent? Were you prepared for what the story of the patient might reveal for you?” 
Jacqueline timidly, “At some level, I knew the disastrous consequences of parental sexual abuse that Charles might reveal with his psychiatric case. I was also exploring how Charles would respond, support, or reject from his life someone like me with the same kind of issues. Charles did talk about a case that was so chilling close to my own abusive situation. Charles shared how a 28-year-old-man had a psychotic break from having incestuous relationships with his Mother since 12-years-of-age. 
I really connected with the emotional turmoil of that 28-year-old-man. Charles described how he and the treatment team had evaluated and set up a treatment plan for this man. The prognosis was poor for this man. Charles described this man’s living Hell as not finding a way out of his incestuous relationship with his Mother except through extensive drug abuse and insanity. The truth of this man’s experience was also my truth. 
I feared I was heading down the same path of self-destruction and possibly psychotic break. It was at this point in our conversation I directly questioned Charles if he would still love me if I were to ever have a psychotic break or something like the serious condition of the patient he described. Charles so surprised me with his response in how he would make sure I would get the best treatment possible when he began noticing symptoms of a psychotic break in me. He went as far as proclaiming he would never leave me because of his love for me.”
Jacqueline sees her friend’s eyes get watery. Tina is visibly touched. “Oooh.” She quiets for Jacqueline to continue.   
Jacqueline expresses. “Oh Tina! I had an unexpected strong emotional reaction to his loving support. Charles was concerned for me as he had never seen this side of me. I explained to him how I needed professional help. He hesitated for a moment before processing the fullness of connecting my question to potentially my stepfather’s involvement in sexual violations towards me. Charles’ full awareness of how I was a danger to myself and needed professional help came to him. 
My heart and breathing stopped. He calmed my desperation when he held my chin up, looked into my eyes, and dedicated himself to never leaving me because he loved me.” 
Tina choking back emotions and watery eyes, “What a man. He so loves you Jacqueline!!!” 
Tina wiping her eyes with her fingers. “Not very many men like him, I tell you. Well, you had an answer about him loving you regardless what he knew he was going to deal with if he was going to stay in relationship with you. I believe it rattled him at some level that he could lose you if you were successful in your suicide attempts.” 
Jacqueline in a serious tone, “I had not thought about him not wanting to lose me to death by suicide. I think I would have been devastated if Charles had changed in how he related to me with slowly distancing himself till he left me. 
Well, I did have the support I needed. It was at this point that I realized Charles would be my support to help me get professional help. To my relief, he offered me options about contacting doctors he trusted on the psychiatric treatment team. 
Charles knew these doctors were well networked in possibly referring me to the right professional. I made it known to Charles how my concentration and desire for death were at an all-time high. He understood how serious my situation for a successful suicide was at the time and promised me he would contact them when we returned to our homes.” 
Jacqueline confesses to Tina, “You know, treatment for a messed-up life when suicide is a highly-desired option is very difficult to deal with. I guess deep down I knew that was the reason I could not get professional help alone. 
The other obstacle for me was to become vulnerable enough to give my life over to another person for help.” 
Tina with sadness in her face, “How come you did not trust me enough to help you? How come you could not be vulnerable with me?” 
Jacqueline, “I guess because I have known you for so many years in a different way. I have relied on you in so many of my life’s situations including the more recent one. I relied on you to come up with a plan that would free me of my Hell with Richard. I guess there really is no easy answer. I feel and relate to you differently than how I relate and feel towards Charles.” 
Tina with a troubled look, “I’m still not quite satisfied. 
Anyway, continue with where you left off in getting professional help.” 
Jacqueline can tell her friend is not in good about keeping the dark secret from her. 
Jacqueline explains, “I guess even I could not accept my dark secret causing desires to kill myself. You are family to me and I did not want you to see me differently if you knew this disgusting filthy part of me. I was fearful I would lose what I have you because you would not accept me if you knew how damaged I was. I guess because I did not want to accept others finding out about filthy secret, I sure was not going tell anyone I cared so much about including you.” 
Tina stays quiet giving Jacqueline a clue that she is understanding the reason for not telling her about her dark secret. 
Jacqueline notices no challenge from her friend. She decides to continue. “I was in such a different place in my life when Charles shows up. You were gone. So, I chose Charles to tell that I needed help with my issue. 
Later, Charles informs me he has a woman doctor who could help me. At hearing this great news, I was blowing up with all sorts of emotions I did not know I could have, then an eerie calmness comes over me. I knew this was not good because I had experienced this emotional state enough times in my life to know it would go badly. 
I requested that Charles be by my side to set up the appointment as soon as possible and if he would be available to go with me.” 
Jacqueline breaths out as though relieved. “Without hesitation, he replied ‘yes’ to both requests. 
The first session was very scary for me as I was battling huge emotions and trying to convince myself why I should bail from the appointment. We made it to her office, which surprisingly was a home. It took me off guard and I questioned Charles if we had made a mistake in the address. Charles assured me the address was correct. 
We approached the door and Charles rang the doorbell. There was a slight wait and the door opened. Dr. Neal is not what I had expected. She is an older woman possibly in her fifties. A little taller than me. She is of thin build. She carried a short fashionable hairstyle. She was wearing a comfortable nice blouse, nice stylish pants, and flat heal shoes. She had such a calming demeanor when she reached out and introduced herself to us. She seemed to be my kind of person of no nonsense and straight to the point. She structured our first session where Charles began the session with me then it was just her and myself later in our first session. She let me know right up front that she would hospitalize me if she gathered from the session that I was in immediate danger of hurting myself. 
Thank God, I was in a much better spot at the first session. I shared with her my fear of how a hospitalization would impact my career. Dr. Neal normalized for me that it happened quite often in the medical profession and was not to be a source of shame but as a preventive medical intervention. I agreed with her point.” 
Jacqueline pauses to allow Tina any comments. None are given from Tina so she continues. “After Dr. Neal’s assessment of me, she scheduled two sessions a week until she determined that we could go to one session a week.” 
Tina with her eyes squinting, “Did that mean you had accepted the idea of professional help?” 
Jacqueline replies, “I was not kidding myself and Dr. Neal knew better that it would take time for me to accept this type of professional help. Scheduling and going to the sessions with her developed into a conflict within me. 
A part of me wanted to get help to heal my inner wounds and live. Another part of me was fearful of change and did not want to modify anything in my life to obtain healing. 
The first sessions were mostly in me processing this duality of opposing thoughts. Once I was guided to be able to better navigate these thoughts, we were able to get down to business about the core areas that needed healing.”
Tina interjects, “All this is fascinating. I admit having been drawn into the intrigue of the sessions. What does all this have to do with you and Charles being engaged by the time I came back?” 
Jacqueline explains, “The professional sessions and the wedding engagement are linked. Do you want me to skip the juicy parts?” 
As Tina resigns herself to be tolerant she voices. “All right. I will wait till we get to the juicy parts.” 
Jacqueline, “Good. Well, one of the breakthroughs in the sessions was my working through allowing more loving healthy touch from a man. I had only experienced Richard’s emotionally comforting, abusively charged, sexually fulfilling touch. It took several emotionally draining sessions to begin accepting in my mind what loving-intimate safe-touch could be like. This type of touch would be based upon my having control of what kind touch to accept and how much touching I could endure from Charles.” 
Not so patient Tina, “How did the Doc determine that this would work for you? What did she say you needed?” 
Jacqueline reports, “The doctor informed me that we would build upon how I had taken control of the situation with Richard during my visit home for the fundraiser. I did say to you and Charles that one day I would reveal more about the Gazebo. I guess that day is now for you. 
The Gazebo was the place Richard would take me for our frequent sexually fulfilling encounters. This last visit home for the fundraiser, I took control of guiding and using him to go through our sex acts in the Gazebo so that I could have time to gather support from my Mother. Dr. Neal advised that we could build upon that experience.” 
Tina breathing out hard, “How can you build from such a horrible experience?!!!” 
Jacqueline calmly states, “The doctor stated I could draw strength from the Gazebo experience because I had the control in the sexual encounter and not Richard. During that visit, I was empowered and not the victim. Which brings me to how Charles and I became more sexually intimate.” 
Tina with some joyous excitement, “Now we are getting some juicy talks.” 
Jacqueline grins slightly, “Charles was invited to the next sessions and there was agreement on how touching between us was going to progress. How trust was going to occur between the both of us using specific exercises. We agreed to purchase the requested items of oils, items for setting a romantic atmosphere, and scheduling a time where we did not feel rushed. 
The first touching exercises were of me using oils to gently move my hands over his body, getting to know him through his body. Getting to trust him, through my control of touch.” 
Jacqueline noticing her friend’s expression, “No, Tina! We were not naked. I can tell from your face that is where you mind is at this moment.” 
“Darn, I can fantasize about the two of you going at it, can’t I? Alright, no sex yet.” Tina a little more settled.
Jacqueline continues, “In the sessions, I had agreed that I could tolerate his wearing swimming trunks and I would be fully dressed during my pleasure touching of his body.
The guidance the doctor gave us was that I would pour massage oil in my hands then pleasure touch his body while he laid on his stomach. 
Pleasure touching progressed from the neck, to the shoulders, down the arms, down his back, to his thighs, then to his calf muscles, and finishing at his ankles. He was to lay still with instructions not to engage me in conversation unless I initiated the talking. He agreed to not touch me during these times.” 
Tina offers, “That must have been hard for him. He’s gota love you Jacqueline. I do not know of any men who would have agreed to such conditions.” 
Jacqueline nodding her head in agreement. “I think that’s why I so love Charles. 
Well, the purpose of the touching exercises was for me to reach a point of trusting his love through his keeping his word. I would be able to trust him as he allowed me to have control in pleasure touching areas of his body except the genitalia. 
Charles and I talked after this exercise of oily massaging him. Both of us felt excited and our intimacy with each other changed a little then back to Dr. Neal’s emotional processing sessions I went. I didn’t realize I had strong emotional issues erupt from such a simple exercise as massaging Charles with oils. 
We scheduled touching sessions with Charles. We continued this for several weeks. Charles and I would have long conversations about my time with Dr. Neal. He would tell me how difficult it was for him not to want to reach out and hold me intimately or converse with me during our touching exercises. Several times Charles or I came close to crossing those boundaries and remembered Dr. Neal’s warnings. 
She was very clear about how I would retreat into turmoil if these guidelines were crossed. So, Charles and I behaved. Dr. Neal was very direct about her concern about me and made sure we both understood and agreed to her directives before proceeding.” 
In disbelief Tina offers, “Surely the good Doc was exaggerating about dire consequences if you guys crossed the touching directives.”
Jacqueline with a serious tone, “No, she was not. When I felt like crossing guidelines set by her, I would begin to get drawn into thoughts of killing myself. Except this time there was not a specific plan. But the thoughts of desiring death were there none-the-less.”
Tina is curious, “How did your emotions react upon touching Charles’ body under Dr. Neal’s directives?” 
Jacqueline explains, “The sessions had taken me to the point of allowing myself to experience the full emotions of safe touch. It was emotionally unbearable the first times touching Charles’ body. I had all sorts of strong repulsive feelings traced back to my sexually arousing touching experiences to Richard’s body. 
It took me several weeks of those touch sessions to overcome my repulsive reaction to touching Charles’ body. I made progress to the next level of Dr. Neal’s intervention. The next level included my wearing a bathing suit for the next touching session with Charles. Not only pleasure massage him while on his stomach, but also pleasure massage him while he was on his back. All this while wearing a bathing suit. 
My fear and repulsive emotionally charge levels went off the charts at the requirements of the next step. Dr. Neal was aware of my reaction. She offered that I take Charles with me to purchase a bathing suit that would allow me to feel less repulsed by the task the Doc had given us.” 
Tina interjecting humor “Task at hand…touching sessions. You get it? Your funny.” 
Jacqueline is not humored. “Really Tina? 
Anyway, Dr. Neal informed me that I would feel it when the right bathing suit for me was identified.” 
Tina prying, “How would shopping for the just right bathing suit with Charles help at all? I don’t get it!” 
Jacqueline states, “I thought the same as you Tina. 
I decided to give the advice for the bathing suit a whirl. I did invite Charles and he agreed to be with me in the selection of my bathing suit. We shopped, shopped, and shopped some more. Dr. Neal was correct. It felt right when we selected the one-piece black designer bathing suit that I would wear at the touching exercise. 
We returned to my place for this touching session. It dawned on me later that night what made the bathing suite feel right. It was selected mutually between the both of us. It was our interactions that day and Charles enduring shopping with me for an almost intimate apparel. The interaction between us and his input allowed me to feel safe in selecting a bathing suit. I was still terrified with the next step of the touching session because I did not know if the Sirens of suicide would come at me full force when we began the pleasure touching.” 
On edge of seating in suspense Tina pushes, “Go on. What happened at that night’s touching session?” 
Jacqueline eyeing her friend. “I can hardly believe it myself. It was a wonderfully intimate moment of my pleasure touching Charles’ body while wearing my bathing suit. The Sirens of suicide were silent that night. Charles showered and changed into the cloths he wore that day. I changed into comfortable cloths. We met in the living room couch and discussed our experiences while lovingly being close to each other. 
When I thought, this was my limit, Dr. Neal upped the requirement for the next touching session. Charles was now going to pleasure touch me while I was wearing my bathing suit and he in his swim trunks. 
I freaked and expressed my deep concern with the next request of the touching session. Dr. Neal requested that the next session with her involve Charles to set up the guidelines and have agreement to where I felt safe. 
At the next session, Charles was present. We were given our guidelines. We agreed to those I guidelines. I felt more at ease. We scheduled our touching session as before setting a calming romantic atmosphere.” 
Tina interjects, “You were so resistant and fearful at the office with Dr. Neal. What changed your mind Jacqueline?” 
Jacqueline with her head tilted a little to the side. “What allowed me to agree to the touching session was that I would guide Charles’ hands to where I desired to be touched. I was going to be in charge guiding his touching of me. The touching session was going to be held in my apartment. A place where I am in control. 
The time for our touching session arrived. Charles dressed in private in my spare bedroom and I dressed in private in mine for our session. I went out of my bedroom to meet him in the living room. I motioned for him to come by my side. He did as I requested of him. 
Once by my side, I guided him to my bedroom. That alone was stirring emotions in me. I sat on the edge of my bed. I opened by legs. I placed him kneeling in front of me between my legs. I reached over for the oils and presented them to Charles. Charles spread the wonderfully smelling oil on his hands. He quietly extended his hands. I grasped them. In silence, I guided his fragrantly oiled hands to my cheeks and neck area. So far so good. I had one hand gently oiling my shoulder down my arm where we grasp our fingers together. More oil in Charles’ hand. Now to the other shoulder and down my arm to grasp our fingers together. 
Slowly, lovingly, gentle, I guided the movements of his hands. I upped his touching me a notch. I was still sitting at the edge of my bed. I poured more of the massaging oil into his hands. I guided both his hands to my exposed thigh area. Slowly, gently, lovingly moving his hands first at the top of my thighs, to the sides of my thighs, to the inside of my thighs. I could hear Charles breathing quickening. I noticed a sizable erection showing up in his swim trunks.” 
Tina breaths out softly, “That man has discipline Jacqueline. How was he doing it to not jump you for banging you silly I don’t know?”  
Jacqueline grins back at her friend. “He was lovingly looking at me. That’s how. His focus, even though aroused, was his loving gaze into my eyes. I released his hands. 
I stood from sitting on my bed and he stood from his kneeling. I turned around and lay on my stomach on the bed. The bathing suit revealing my bare skin from my shoulders to the small of back then to the back side of my legs. I requested he use slowly, gently, lovingly hand motions starting from my neck and shoulders while slowly pleasure-touching me down to the small of my back, down my thighs, calf muscles, and ending at my ankle areas. We had an agreement that if I voiced to him to stop he would do so. 
He was in so intuitive of my reaction that I did not have to tell him when to stop his oil massaging of me. When his oiled hands touched the back of my neck area, my body tensed up like a guitar string. He sensed my body tense up and stopped any more touch before I could utter the request for him to stop. We were quiet and motionless for a few moments allowing myself to calm. I breathed easily again. 
I felt better, I instructed him to continue softly and slowly. He did so. My tensions melting into a slumbering peaceful state as he massaged me body. I am not sure how long the lovingly soothing pleasure-touching lasted up and down my body. 
I remember I exhaled quietly to Charles, ‘stop.’ He did so. He moved a little away from me as I turned around to a sitting position on the bed. He stood up when I did. I faced him. I held his face in my hands and brought his lips to mine. Softly kissing, little passion, little more passion, more passion, and then an explosion of passion in our kissing and embracing. We tore away from each other breathing heavily.” 
Tina excited, “Then what Jacqueline!” 
Jacqueline with sourness on her face. “Then hours of him comforting and holding me as I became an emotionally crying mess.” 
Tina looking confused, “I don’t get it. What happened to you. That moment sounds so loving and kissing that far!” 
Jacqueline voices, “Just the opposite Tina. I was releasing all my years of wounds, of never having experienced such loving-safe touching. It was a huge issue for me as well as a trigger of the emotional trauma left by Richard’s misuse of touch and unloving sexual arousal. 
Well in my next session with Dr. Neal, I shared my experience of the last touching session being an emotional mess with the kissing of Charles. She conveyed how I was on the road to healing. No more touching sessions with Charles until Dr. Neal and I processed the wounds of touch and cleared me over the course of time for the next exercises of feeling intimately safe with Charles. 
When she did clear me, it was an exercise in the relationship that I thought would be impossible for me to endure. Charles and I nude in the same physical space.” 
Tina incredulous, “I don’t get it my friend. Were you not emotionally raw and desiring death at this point when just kissing?!!! Surely there was going to be more raw danger in the both of you being naked in the same place.” 
Jacqueline nodding her head in agreement, “Yes, I was still desiring death as an option thinking about being naked with Charles. Dr. Neal surprisingly stated how I was ready for this next relationship task.” 
Tina bewildered questions, “What made the naked task impossible for you? Besides, the obvious that all sorts of Richard issues were going to be triggered when you were naked with a man. That’s what I think. 
Anyway, what was it about being in your nakedness that was so unsettling for you?” 
Jacqueline expresses, “You are correct my friend. I was unsettled in being naked with a man because of how Richard and I had related in our nakedness. Dr. Neal processed this with me and inspired me to take the chance on the task. Charles was brought into the session for setting guidelines for the both of us. He also looked a little concerned about us being naked in the same room. 
It turned out Charles also had issues in this area of being naked with a woman. Funny thing I had not ever considered this. So, we worked in our session to process his issues of feeling forced to perform and go against the purity of naked bodies who were not married. We worked through our stuff. 
On the selected night at my apartment, I went to my bedroom undressed, and put on a bathrobe over my naked body. Charles undressed and put on a bathrobe over his naked body in my spare bedroom. I waited for Charles to knock at my bedroom door.” 
Tina interrupts, “Since when do you both own bathrobes?” 
Jacqueline, “We did not own bathrobes before that particular night. As with the shopping for the bathing suite, Charles and I went shopping for a pair of bathrobes to enjoy sharing time with each other and come to an agreement of the bathrobes we liked.” 
Tina shaking her head a little, “A guy that goes shopping with a woman? That is so unnatural. Give me some of that power Jacqueline. To have a guy that goes shopping with you is rare.” 
“You know he does have brothers” Offers Jacqueline teasingly. 
Tina smiling, “Sure, he has brothers, but, I bet you got the best of the litter.
Alright. Enough of this. Go on with your story.”  
Jacqueline continues, “Charles was very comforting noticing my pensive moments throughout the day of our shopping for the bathrobes. Being intuitive about what was going on in my mind, he offered me the option that we did not have to go through the next relationship exercise of being naked if I did not desire it. I answered him in that I was trusting Dr. Neal’s guidance in my being ready for this next step. 
We set up my place like we had in previous times before in our relationship exercises. We went about setting up a romantic atmosphere. We are talking about what would happen next. We set up more candles this time to create a soft glow illuminating our bodies in my bedroom. 
Well, now that I gave you the background. Are you ready for me to tell what happened when I heard his knock at my bedroom door?” 
Tina nods a ‘yes.’ Jacqueline expresses. “I opened the door.” 
Tina excitedly interrupts. “What were you guys supposed to do naked?” 
Jacqueline without missing a beat, “I opened the door. He stepped into the bedroom and closed the door behind him. I motioned for him to go stand at a certain spot in my room while I was standing at the foot of my bed. I had him stand away from me a good six feet.  
At my word, we both disrobed. Our task was to be vulnerably naked to each other. We both experienced a strange releasing from our physical control of clothing to being vulnerably naked with each other. I felt we connected our souls with our eyes, we communicated without a word to each other loving messages. Our minds’ loving messages to the other allowing love to be the focus while in our nakedness.” 
Tina requests, “What kind of loving messages did you have Jacqueline?” 
Jacqueline recalls, “For me, at that moment, 
‘I love you Charles.’ 
‘You are a wonderfully giving man.’ 
‘You show me unconditional love.’ 
‘I feel loved because of you.’ 
‘You are there for me when I request much of you.’ 
‘I love you more now as you risk being naked with me.’ 
That is some of what I was saying silently in my mind to him.” 
Tina nods her head in approval. Jacqueline continues. “We discontinued this relationship exercise on my word. We both picked up from the floor and dressed in our bathrobes. Charles went to the other bedroom and returned to the living room dressed in what he was wearing earlier that day. I stayed in my bedroom and outfitted myself into a different dress. Charles was already seated in the living room couch when I joined him. We comfortably positioned ourselves on the couch and silently held each other gently in each other’s arms. After a while, I was the first to begin the conversation. 
I shared with him that I felt fine. I shared what had been some of my loving messages to him when we were naked. He also shared some of his loving messages to me. I was surprised about how similar his loving messages were to mine in our silence during our vulnerable experience. We shared how powerful an experience it was for the both of us to love each other in our nakedness without any demands. Charles telling me he felt much better about himself since first freaking out with Dr. Neal about being naked with me. 
We both concluded that it was an experience beyond just primal sexual turn on. It was a loving vulnerability where there was no danger, no criticism, and no demands. It was a moment to accept each other in our exposed vulnerability.” 
Tina is beside herself. “Naked and you guys had no sex! 
You are pulling my leg, aren’t you? 
No, I can see you are not. 
I don’t get it. Naked with a man leads to sex. 
What is the purpose of being naked and not banging each other’s brains out?” 
Jacqueline with a mischievous grin. “You are one sex crazed friend. 
Well, se did do something major being naked with each other. I did something major. I accepted a man naked in my presence without the major traumas from Richard triggering me. Charles accepted my nakedness without wanting sex in return helping him deal with his own issues of having sex with a woman. That was major triumphs for the both of us.” 
Tina still with her own agenda. “Sure, that was a major moment for the both of you. So, the next relationship exercise was sex. Right?” 
Jacqueline shaking her head a little. “No, not sex. I’m starting to wonder about your obsession with sex. 
The next vulnerable healing part in our relationship exercise was bringing God into my life.”
Tina’s face moving all sorts of way trying to make sense of what Jacqueline had stated. “How do you go from relationship exercises taking you all the way to being naked in the same room with a fine specimen of naked man to God? 
I am baffled. This is so unlike you Jacqueline to seek God. You are not a God person. Why now! What has happened to you?” 
Jacqueline with a whimsical smile. “I came to the realization during my sessions with the Dream Oracle, with Dr. Neal, and my time with Charles and his family, that all those experiences were being overshadowed by my fear of what Richard might do in revenge to those I love, those I care about like you, and to myself if you and I failed in our plan. 
If we failed, I would be forever his sex slave wishing to one day be successful in killing myself. 
I came to the decision from all those experiences to embracing that I would no longer live in fear but live each moment to its fullest. This manner of living included embracing the darkness within me regarding thoughts of ending my life.” 
Tina’s face still making all sorts of movement. “So, you brought God into your life because you wanted to embrace life? I don’t get it.” 
Jacqueline eyes Tina, “I was building up to include God in my life as I recognized in my sessions with Dr. Neal and my time with Charles and his family a basic need of mine. In those experiences, I was challenged that I could not control all outcomes of my life or those around me. I could only find a way to cope in whatever manner that would be helpful to me. I came to the realization that the answer for coping with the unknown had been with me all along in Charles and in his family. 
You have heard me chat about how we had not had sex because of Charles and his family’s strong Christian beliefs of no sex before marriage. They see sex as a sexual bond of intimacy between two souls. Combine this with how he and his family have a wonderfully fulfilling life because of their faith in God.” 
Tina nods a ‘yes.’ “Now, I’m getting to understand you desire of what Charles and his family have when it comes to God in their lives.”
Jacqueline continues, “My new revelation at the time was to experience how he and his family have God for helping them through difficult times. In your absence and not knowing what was going to happen to me regarding Richard, I was beside myself during those difficult times. Did you know Charles and his family are Catholic?” 
Tina returns, “No, if anything I thought they would be Baptist because they were living in Georgia.” 
Jacqueline voices, “They are Catholic. During the last relationship exercise with Charles in our nakedness and in conversations afterward, I was drawn to be closer to him, his faith, and with his family. Our conversations after the silent naked relationship exercise left us communicating more honestly with each other. We found ourselves being supportive and really listening to each other. He was very surprised during our conversation that I requested if I could go to church services with him on Sunday. He was silent for a moment and then humorously probed if I was sure. He teased me with Catholic 101 delightfully fun lessons on what to expect. 
He described the services as spiritual workouts because of the standing, the sitting, the standing again, the kneeling, then sitting, and so forth. Aside from the humor, he offered the meaning of his faith about the several areas of the church service celebration. There is the entrance ceremony of song and celebrant greeting the parishioners. There is a repentant ceremony where one asked God forgiveness of ones’ sins. 
Another part of the ceremony is the reading of scriptures. The first reading of scriptures is from the Old Testament or covenant with God the Father and His chosen people. There is reading or singing from the bible’s Psalms. The next area of celebration is a reading from scripture regarding the New Testament or of the times of Jesus the Anointed and His Apostles. The last scriptural reading is from the good news given by one of the Gospel writers Mark, Matthew, Luke, or John.” 
Tina with a steady look. “I am surprised you have the Catholic church service areas down so well.” 
Jacqueline with some glee in her eyes, “I attended the church service with Charles for first time after our experience of loving nakedness. The church service touched my soul as it progressed to the breaking of bread and sharing of wine as the last supper of Jesus with the Apostles. When the bread and wine are partaken, it is considered Communion. The Church congregation is a delightfully supportive group of people and this time with them is communion.” 
Tina challenges. “It is only symbolic that the true body and blood of Jesus are present…right? I’m Catholic and thought it was symbolic.” 
Jacqueline, “Not for Catholics and for myself now. The faith is that the true body and blood of Jesus are present at the Eucharistic celebration of the service. I choose to believe he is present in the Eucharistic service. I can only offer to you a strong spiritual experience early in my attendance of Church services.” 
Jacqueline breaths in and out deeply before going on. “I had decided to be open to what God would reveal to me as I attended my first Sunday church service with Charles. I was hesitant with the idea that God could speak to me personally. 
The Old Testament reading from the book of Genesis started it off for me in one section about Adam and Eve. My message from God from the reading was ‘This one at last is bone of my bones and flesh of my flesh…that is why a man leaves his Father and Mother and clings to his wife and the two shall become one body. The man and his wife were both naked yet felt no shame.’ 
Jacqueline notices her friend gets the meaning as she breaths out. “That reading sent chills down my spine as I reminisced Charles’ and my experience with each other in our nakedness feeling no shame. The message to me was that God through Charles disclosed acceptance of my nakedness and vulnerability. 
The next reading that spoke to me was from the Gospel of John. The religious leaders of the time bring a woman caught in the act of adultery before Jesus to trap him. They imposed upon Jesus that the Law of Moses ordered such a woman to be stoned to death. 
Jesus challenges them ‘Let those without sin cast the first stone.’ 
Beginning with the oldest persons in the crowd who had more sins, they slowly left, leaving the woman and Jesus alone. 
Jesus asks the woman after straightening up from his writing on the ground, ‘Has no one condemned you?’ 
She replies, ‘No one sir.’ 
Then Jesus offers her ‘Nor do I condemn you.’ 
There I was that woman in the Gospel of John.”
Jacqueline’s eyes well up feeling crying clouding her eyes from seeing Tina clearly. 
Jacqueline wipes her eyes. “I saw myself as the adulterous woman with my Mother’s husband. I was being brought to condemnation, to be judged by myself and others who would have discovered my adulterous vulgarly-offensive relationship with Richard. 
God’s message to me was that he offered me forgiveness if only I embrace His only begotten son Jesus to forgive my sins. I was already touched and feeling the power of God’s message throughout the rest of the service.”
Jacqueline pauses with some breathing hard. “After the final blessing, there is a go forth to spread to good news song. I had heard this song before in televised services and every now and then at a funeral service.
Somehow those same words had never touched me in a special manner until that church service. The song had a very different personal meaning for me during that service. The song went, ‘Amazing grace. How sweet the sound, that saved a wretch like me…’ 
Charles noticed my strong emotional release and comforted me as streams of crying were flowing down my cheeks during the song. The whole Sunday service had been one special message from God. Charles offered for us to leave. I motioned and expressed that I wanted to stay. After the song finished, I suggested we sit down and wait till most the congregation left. I was able to put myself back together with Charles’ comfort. As we left the Church, we thanked the pastor for a lovely service. Lovely did not even begin to capture what I had experienced. 
I excitedly shared with Charles on our way to his apartment how I had experienced the touching of my soul from God. I questioned him if God had every spoken to him in this manner. His excitement was difficult for him to contain. Charles articulated that he and his family had at different times in their lives such experiences. He considered my sharing of what I had experienced at the church service to be a miracle from God. He stated since he had met me and had come to know about the major turmoil in my life, he and his family had been praying for my healing. 
Charles informed that when life situations were stressful for his family or for himself those needs would be placed in God’s hands and in their Church’s prayer chain. He expressed that my needs had been placed in their prayer chain. Charles rejoiced and offered that he never expected the prayers to have such a result in joining with me and conveying to me how miraculous God could speak to my soul. I insisted that we spend time with Charles’ family soon so that I could share my experience with them as I had with Charles.”
Jaqueline inquires, “Tina I’m surprised you are unnaturally quiet all this time.”
Tina calmly states, “I am remembering my own personal God experience in a chapel in Germany that I had forgotten when in my college years. I’m taking in all that you are saying and trying to make sense of it. I have listened to someone else in the past speak as you about God in that chapel. I am trying to make sense of God for myself. 
That is all. Please continue.” 
Jacqueline with uplifted joy, “Where was I? Yes, we checked our schedules, moved around our schedules, called his family, and visited his family. With Charles help, we talked excitedly about my experience at the Church with his family. I shared with Charles’ family that I felt God had given me a message of healing and invitation. I requested that they share their experiences of God in their lives if it was not too personal. They were more than happy to engage me in their experiences and were excited for me as I began my journey with God. 
I was surprised at that time when I found out they had been praying for me and their prayer chain without knowing specifically what was going on in my life. I was genuine in thanking them for praying for me all this time and to thank their prayer circle for me. 
After our return from visiting Charles’ family, I took steps in enrolling as a parishioner and being accepted into the church’s catechumenate program for becoming Catholic. It was such an emotionally, spiritually fulfilling experience when I was baptized into the faith and received my First Communion. Charles, his family, and some from each of our circles of friends joined us in my celebration. I did keep imagining you with us Tina in all that. 
Going back to answer your questions Tina, Why now? What has happened to me? Love, forgiveness, and acceptance has happened to me in the form of Charles, Charles family, and God. Am I cured from the Sirens’ call to death? No! I will continue to work on this part of my life. My relationship to Charles and to God progressed to another level during your time away from me all those months.”
“I get it now. I get where you have come. How did the marriage engagement occur and what happened after?” Tina inquisitive still. 
Jacqueline, “Charles and I still had our own circle of friends. We were in different rotations with different schedules, I kept the routines for myself that benefited me and Charles kept those routines in his life that benefited him. If there were clashes between us, we would argue for a bit and then reach a compromise that each could accept. Our relationship exercises, sharing God with Charles, and my attending the sessions with the Dream Oracle and Dr. Neal, was supportive for us to continue growing in being fulfilling, enjoyable with each other, and evolving our relationship. 
With all this in our lives, it had not even crossed my mind where our relationship would take us. During our discussions about what we should do with our time together on one of our days off, Charles offered returning to the beautiful peaceful park where I had taken our relationship to another level by sharing my dark secret with him and allowing him to help me. I agreed to return to the park, where I had dared to be vulnerable with Charles and started my journey of healing. 
As before, Charles drove us to the beautifully breathtaking, peaceful park area. The day was amazingly nice as I had recalled. I aided Charles in carrying the packed items to our destination while I was also carrying the flowers.
Charles found the desired location, ‘We will set up here, if it pleases you, my lady?’ 
In response, ‘Of course, my prince.’ 
After setting up and munching on some delicious morsels and sipping wine, we caught each other up about our circle of friends and life. We continued to talk, then wine, and dine on some more on that wonderful day. 
We both found our comfortable positions as before with him sitting and me half sitting in front of him with my head lying on his chest. All was going enjoyably well until Charles’ tone changed. He said he wanted to talk about something serious.” 
“Not about my absence thing again or wanting to visit your family?” interjects Tina. 
Jacqueline eyeing Tina, “I thought the same. I braced myself in silence waiting. 
He said something like, ‘Now don’t take this the wrong way. I am not sure how you will respond. It will be fine with me if you want to drop the subject. I visited my family and talked much about you and me. I requested that they help me as I planned this outing for the both of us.’ 
So far so good for me at that moment. I saw as he reached into his pants pocket and brought out a wonderfully antique metal box. I was crazed at wondering where this was going. He said that his Mother informed him that this heirloom from her family would be as good an occasion to pass on. Charles opened the box and I saw within the box a most exotic antique diamond ring. 
He said to me, ‘Jacqueline will you consider spending the rest of your life with me in holy matrimony?’ 
I am sure I looked freaked out to Charles. I was stunned at what had just happened. I debated in my mind all the reasons I should not. I was also countering all those reasons of why nots with all the reasons of living a fulfilling life with someone who I loved and loved me in kind. 
I finally said ‘Yes, my love.’ 
Tina’s body moving in excitement, “Sensational! Jacqueline a marriage proposal in the same park where your breakthrough with Charles began. So, tense. So exciting. Even my knowing you did get engaged still left me wondering how you had arrived at that moment. Very special, very moving. Nice, very nice. 
So, what happened after you said ‘yes’?” 
Jacqueline looking into Tina’s eyes, “We were giddy, excited, and planning what to do next and who to call. It was very exhilarating. The only sad and tense moment in our conversation was when Charles brought your absence from my life. 
‘What about Tina your best friend of many years. I thought she would share this part of your life as maybe your Maid of Honor.” 
Tina with her lips down before voicing, “Oh, Jaqueline, what a tough spot for you. Not being able to tell him what I was doing, and yet make plans for a wedding. How did you handle this part?” 
Jacqueline breathes out, “It was tough Tina. He could see me get all emotional. I was so missing you. I did the only thing I could think of on the spot. I up-to-date him how you and I were not on speaking terms at the time but hoped that in the future this would change. I was firm with him that I did not desire to discuss the matter of your absence any further. We should still go on with the wedding plans as though you would come back to my life one day.
Charles suggested we should come up with another option for a Maid of Honor in case you did not return.” 
Tina with mouth open before expressing. “He didn’t. Charles actually put forth the idea of replacing me?” 
Jacqueline touching Tina’s arm lightly, “Oh, it was a topic we both went around and around about until we reached an agreement the both of us could live with.” 
Tina frowning at this information before breathing out hard. “What was plan ‘B’ if I did not show up?” 
Jacqueline explains, “Charles’ Mother would be my Maid of Honor.” 
Tina softens. “Well, that was a nice choice. I wondered how you were able to pull off me not being around and still plan the wedding.” 
Tina silently nods her head in agreement and then continues, “What about your family?” 
Jacqueline explains, “It was a herculean task to ensure only Mother knew of our engagement. Charles counseled me about what he was going to do on his end and what I needed to do on my end to ensure this engagement stayed secret.” 
Tina with eyes wide offers to Jacqueline, “That is amazing counsel! What happened after your conversations and coming to terms of what was going to happen next? What did you guys do after your talks about your Mother?” 
Jacqueline states, “Charles immediately called his parents and they congratulated the both of us with joy and excitement in their voices. In that same private conversation with his parents, he informed them because of circumstances with my family that our engagement should be kept secret until the time was right. They questioned us about the circumstances, we offered as much as we could, they agreed to keep our secret, and would make sure to inform Charles’ brothers later.”
Tina takes their conversation to a theme that is far off from where it had ended. “Now, you are going to think I am some kind of sex crazed friend. I must ask. Engagement leads to marriage. There is a honeymoon that involves sex. How were you prepared to take this on? Especially on your honeymoon night given what Richard had done to you?” 
A few moments of silence staring at the floor goes by for Jacqueline. Tina looking upon her friend’s tortured face.
Jacqueline faces Tina and speaks, “I was tackling the sex in honeymoon issue with Dr. Neal’s sessions and relationship exercises. I informed her of Charles and my marriage engagement. She congratulated me on our engagement and then followed with educating me on how the next relationship exercises were going to be difficult for Charles and me. 
The reason for this she explained was because of Richard’s violation as a married man, as my parent, and as my gratifying sexual partner. Dr. Neal described how all these parts of him were going to be a major challenge to overcome in my marriage. I scheduled sessions with Dr. Neal for continued processing and setting coping strategies for intervening of the sexual violations. 
We processed at these sessions my nightmares of the shark, actions with Richard since my age of 13, and my issues with having a sexual relationship with Charles. After these sessions, she scheduled times with Charles and me for processing our advancement from the previous relationship building task leading to a sexually intimate encounter for the both of us. 
Yes, Tina, this means getting us ready for having sex.” 
Tina smiles so mischievously. Jacqueline grins back to her friend. “The doctor explored both sexual and nonsexual matters that would impact our relationship. To my surprise, I had not even thought about Charles’ sexual tensions in being involved with me regarding sex.
I discovered he had similar misgivings about the pressures of having sex with me because of what he thought sex was like and trying to be a sex stud to compete with Richard. Dr. Neal informed us that we had already reached a level of sustaining intimacy with our conversations and pleasuring each other with touch rather than sexual arousal. The next sessions focused on us accepting sex as a natural human expression of love that did not require any heroic efforts.” 
Interjects Tina. “Yes, finally. Do not leave any of the details out! I hope the wait is worth it.” 
Jaqueline eyeing her friend. “Listen to you. 
Well, when Dr. Neal deemed we were ready, we progressed to the next level of touch awareness with both of us pleasuring each other’s naked bodies with the massaging oils.” 
Tina interrupts. “Naked bodies. Massaging oils. Keep going.”
Jacqueline continues, “Our next relationship exercise would begin from where we had left off with the disrobing and being lovingly present in our nakedness with each other. We had set my apartment up as previously, keeping the same romantic atmosphere as before. We both went into our own areas of the apartment to change into our bathrobes. I heard Charles knock. I answered the door. We stood six feet apart from each other as before. On my word, we both disrobed. We stood there for a while voicing silently our love for each other. On my word. I invited Charles to lay on my bed stomach down. I filled my hands with the massaging oil. I gently pleasured all areas of his toned body, his neck, shoulders, arms, his entire back, going around his butt to his thighs, the calf muscles, and to his ankles. I am feeling wonderfully joined with him. I then requested for him to lay on his back. I filled my hands with more massaging oil. I gently pleasured his neck, well-toned chest and stomach, went around to his thighs down his legs.” 
Incredulous, Tina interrupts. “No hand pumping or fellatio on his penis!” 
Jacqueline states. “Keeping away from our genitals was the strict guidance Dr. Neal had given us. As I continued in my massage pleasure touch, Charles communicated to me how he felt loved and sexually aroused. By the way Tina, yes there was an erection from his massive penis. 
Now it was my turn. I leaned over and reached out to him with my arms. Charles reached out and tool hold of my hands. He sat up and rose from my bed. I then lay naked on my stomach on the bed. Charles went around the bed and knelt in front of me to face me. 
He offers that he would not begin this pleasure touching massage until I was ready, or we could stop if I chose. I expressed that he gives me a little time as there were butterflies in my stomach. He shared his enjoyment of my touch on his body and how special I was in his life. After a few more moments of talking with Charles, I felt at ease. I expressed to him that I was ready. 
Charles oiled his hands, very gently placed his scented oiled hands on my back and did not move them. Charles sensing that my body did not tense, he continued. He pleasured me with his touch, starting around my neck and shoulder area then he proceeded to pleasure so wonderfully my entire back. He moved his pleasuring touch down to the small of back then up to each of my rib areas, going around my butt, to pleasure my thighs on top and around, continuing to my calf muscles down to my ankles. Charles went up and down my body in this manner until I informed him I was ready to lay on my back. I turned on my back and was staring at the ceiling when Charles face came into my line of sight.” 
Jacqueline pensive for a moment. “He expressed, ‘I think this part will work better if you and I look into each other eyes lovingly.’ 
I smiled in agreement and kept my eyes locked on his eyes and to his pleasuring hand movements. He pleasured my neck, moved to my shoulders, then to the top part of my chest. I offered that he could gently, and softy pleasure my breast. He did so with no major body alarms going off inside me. He continued his pleasuring touch to my stomach area, around to my hips down my thighs, moving around my genitals, continuing down to my calves, to my ankles, and massaging his way up again. 
I allowed this pleasurable experience to go on to my surprise longer than I had initially thought it could go. I had fears that I would only stand this naked pleasure touch for seconds. I enjoyed this experience for a while until I requested he stop. When he stopped, we both got up from the bed, and put on our bathrobes. He left my bedroom. We showered separately, dressed, and met in the living room. 
Charles was already present and sitting on the couch when I came out of my bedroom. I joined him on the couch and we held each other in a more intimate manner than any time before. We sat there comforting each other about our experience, and continued our conversations about our lives, and the upcoming wedding plans.” 
Tina slightly fanning herself with one hand, “Whoa, I’m feeling a little warm imagining you guys in your massaging experience. I still do not get it how the both of you did not go into having sex.” 
Jacqueline states, “I believe because this experience was for the both of us a way to deal with our anxiety about sex. It was about dealing with how our anxiety for sexual performance was going to be replaced with loving fulfilling physical enjoyment of each other without demands. Our focus was on the physical enjoyment of each other now not about sexual performance. The move to more explicitly erotic techniques would come in the later sessions.” 
Tina a little cooled off, “Tell me now about these later explicitly erotic sessions! Don’t leave me hanging Jacqueline.” 
Jacqueline humors her friend. “All right, my sex crazed friend. 
Dr. Neal informed us that we had become adept at our general physical enjoyment with each other in our sustaining intimacy and it was now time to go to the next level. She explained what we were going to accomplish. 
Toward the end of the session on the couch, Dr. Neal positioned us in the manner we were to take for our next sexuality explicit exercise. She offered that we were both from the medical profession and should be able to sexually stimulate our genitals to arousal accordingly, meaning to masturbate to our pleasure before having sex. She cautioned that we were to build up to this phase by not missing any of the steps from before. We agreed to her guidelines.”
Tina looking attentively at Jacqueline staying quiet. 
Jacqueline continues. “After leaving Dr. Neal’s office, Charles and I discussed where we should hold this next level of our sexual intimate relationship building. We agreed to continue at my apartment so that I felt in control. We religiously went through our former phases of setting up the apartment’s romantic atmosphere to massaging of each other’s naked bodies. During Charles massaging of my body, we both agreed we were ready for the next level, which included sexual arousal. 
We positioned ourselves in the comfortable position taught to us by Dr. Neal. Charles was seated behind me to have easy access to my body. I was seated in front of him with my head and shoulders against his chest. The other half of my body was laying on the bed with my legs half bent and spread to where I could access my genitalia. Charles was comfortably seated behind me reclining upright on my designer pillows. He had his pelvis and legs pointing to the right side of me. This allowed him to access his genitals and still have access to my body. Because of how Richard and I had pleasured each other to orgasm in the past, Dr. Neal directed us to stimulate our own genitals.
I began my masturbation, by gently, manually stimulating my clitoris and labia minora with stroking, pressing, and rhythmical motions. 
I kept switching my hands and moving my fingers to my enjoyment. I could feel when Charles began masturbating because the stroking and rubbing his penis moved my body slightly. 
We kept masturbating ourselves in pleasure for a while. I kept my gentle manipulations going till I began reaching sensations of tingling and tension. I brought Charles left hand up and placed it on my breast for firm massaging of my breast and fully swollen nipple. 
When he began to squeeze, I guided him to gently massage my breast and nipple. I continued my masturbation feeling more tingling and tension with faint sparks in my clitoris area. 
I did a quick glance over to Charles masturbation as his penis was large and shiny, his large penis was fully erect, his testis markedly increased in size and fully elevated. The color of his penis glans had deepened. 
I returned to my pleasure of masturbation, felt my clitoris and labia areas swell massively as I continued. I felt my fingers covered with the buildup of my clear, slippery, mildly scented vaginal fluid. 
To my surprise, I realized that I had masturbated to feeling faint sparks of an orgasm that would soon catch fire. I concentrated all my energies, both physical and mental, as I experienced a suffusion of warmth spreading from my pelvis through the rest of my body, culminating in throbbing sensations in my pelvis. 
I could not control a loud moan that came out of me as I experienced a hot rush of an orgasm, a sudden breathtaking dousing of all the nerves of my body in pleasure.” 
Tina almost breathlessly, “Whoa, I’m getting an image here. That is amazing you could have such an orgasmic response considering what you had been through with Richard.” 
Jacqueline articulates. “Very true that I had a wonderful orgasm aside from Richard’s damage to me. As my sexual orgasmic rush began to slowly disappear, I glanced over to observe Charles. I could tell he had gotten all aroused from my orgasm. I could see Charles’ stroking and rubbing of his penis had decreased with intensity and his erection was starting to drop.” 
My buildup of clear, slippery, mildly scented vaginal fluid was still present. I was ready for sex. I rose from my position in front of him and turned and faced him. He stopped masturbating. I then brought his legs over to the middle of the bed and positioned myself on top to straddle him. I took hold of his penis then I slowly slid him inside me.
I slowly inserted his massive soft penis into my vagina with Charles gently moaning.” 
Tina, “He went inside you! Your first time with a man being inside you. You were joined with him! Keep going. Don’t stop. I want to know all the details Jacqueline.” 
Jacqueline, “Alright my little sex starved of a friend. When fully inside me, he expressed his fear that he may cum too soon. I informed him, I had an idea for that. I told him to tell me when he felt the inklings of orgasm.
I did short shallow thrusts followed by a few long hard thrusts, and a grinding motion. In no time my clitoris and labia areas swelled massively again with more of these motions.” 
Jacqueline comes out of her thought to focus on Tina, “I rode on top of him giving me the most enjoyable bodily feelings I had ever felt. He slightly slapped my right thigh to get my attention from my sexually absorbed pleasure. This was his signal to me that he felt an orgasm coming on. I lifted my pelvis up where he came out from inside me. I sat on his one of his thighs, took hold of his penis and squeezed the penis glans for several seconds. He did not shoot his load. There was a loss of some of his erection. I straddled him again. I reinserted his soft penis inside me.
I used slow thrusting motions until I felt his full hard erection inside me.” 
Jacqueline eyes Tina, “I continued with my pattern of moving my body on top of him to my pleasure...Short shallow thrusts followed by a few long hard thrusts with grinding motion.”
Jacqueline breathing a little hard. “Charles lightly slapped my thigh gain. I lifted myself where his penis came out of me. I sat on one of his thighs. I squeezed his penis glans for several seconds. I stopped him from shooting his cum. There was some loss of an erection as before. I straddled him, reinserted his penis inside me and began to move my body as before… with the slow thrusting motions building up to the hard grinding motion thrust.”
Jacquelin putting her hand on her chest. “I brought both his hands up to gently massage my scented oiled breast and fully erect nipples while I rested my arms with my hands on his muscular oiled chest. I moved my body harder taking my sexual pleasure up a notch. 
I felt sensations of tingling and tension in my clitoris area. Building up to faint sparks of fire tingling and tension. I concentrated all my energies, both physical and mental, as I increased the power of my thrust and grinding. I experienced a suffusion of warmth spreading from my pelvis through the rest of my body, culminating in throbbing sensations in my pelvis.” 
Jacqueline’s face feels a little warm. “I experienced a hot rush, a sudden breathtaking dousing of all the nerves of my body in pleasure for a longer time than my masturbation. I was a little embarrassed by the loud cry of pleasure that came out of me. I laid my oiled body on Charles’ chest while kneeling keeping my pelvis slightly up in the air with him inside me. 
Charles read my mind and continued with powerful long strong pelvic thrusts slapping my bottom until I felt his massive ejaculation of semen inside me. Even after his orgasm, he continued with his strong powerful thrust a few more times.” 
Jacqueline’s breathing a little more increased. “He continued banging me until he orgasmed with loud moans. He sat up a little towards me on one elbow, leaned close to me, and turned my face to his and we passionately kissed. After our passionate kiss, I lay back down on Charles’ chest. Our oiled bodies were drenched with our perspiration and glistening in the candle light. 
Charles stayed inside me as he caressed my back in up and down with pleasure touch.”
Jacqueline facing Tina. “We stayed like that for several moments savoring each other, till his penis came out of me because of its loss of an erection. Semen and vaginal fluids gushed out of me onto his genitals and onto the bedcovers.”
Jacqueline smiles at her friend. “We did not care about our worries. We were one with each other.” 
Tina fanning herself hard. “Are you sure you are not leaving some details out? There was an awful bunch of pauses as you were telling me your hot sex story.” 
“No, I am not leaving anything out” responds Jacqueline in sheepish manner.
The timing could not have been better as Jacqueline and Tina were ending their conversations, Charles enters their home. 
He beholds Tina fanning herself. “Do you want me to lower the temperature Tina? You seem to be a little flushed with heat. You seem to be working hard trying to cool yourself down.” 
“That’s alright Charles. I’m getting better now.” Tina says in a wicked secret kind of smile.
Charles accepts Tina’s response knowing she and Jacqueline must have had some pretty dicey conversations. He resists asking questions and continues by informing. “I have been catching up with some of my patient’s labs. I did take time to make reservations at a place all of us may enjoy for a late supper. I’ll go freshen up then will we be ready to go?” 
“Yes”, responds Jacqueline. 
“Sure,” joins Tina. 
As Charles exits, Jacqueline reprimands Tina. “Now nothing of what we have discussed. Promise me Tina.” 
With an impish smile on her face before stating, “Not even you are bringing God into your life.” 
Jacqueline grinning back, “You know what I mean, my best naughty friend.” 
Tina just continues to look at Jacqueline in her impish kind of manner. As if both had gotten an unspoken message, they get up at the same time to begin getting ready for their departure for supper to wherever Charles had in store for them. 
Both had their paraphernalia ready and were freshened up by the time Charles has freshened up and joined them. 
They head over to Jacqueline and Charles’ vehicles. Charles opens by remote one of the vehicles given as a wedding present. All parties load into the Cadillac XT5 SUV. 
Tina settling herself in the back of her plush leather seating questions, “So, where you are taking us Charles?”  
Charles smiles back at her and stays silent not revealing where he is taking them as he starts the XT5. 
“Alright Charles, be that way. Hey, tell me how’s your family doing?” Tina remarks.
They continued talking about their families and catching up with the latest in their lives as Charles drives them to their destination. 
It was not until they drove up to Pancho Villa Mexican Restaurant, that Jacqueline and Tina were surprisingly delighted. 
“Good choice, my love.” Jacqueline announces. 
Tina joins, “Not bad Charles. Pretty dog gone good.” 
It was the place of Jacqueline and Charles’ wedding reception. A place where the three had fond memories planning for Jacqueline and Charles’ wedding. 
Charles parks the XT5. Charles opens the doors for Jacqueline and Tina to step out. Charles and Jacqueline walk hand in hand with Tina walking beside Jacqueline. 
Tina voices, “I get all good fuzzy feelings about this place. I hope they have not changed anything about the place. It will be such a downer.” 
Jacqueline looks over to Tina and smiles. “I think it is the three of us together that will matter most.” 
Tina grins nodding her head in agreement. Charles opens the restaurant’s door. Jacqueline and Tina go in first. Jacqueline walks up to the hostess and she smiles.
Hostess greets them, “Jacqueline, so good to see you. Good evening Charles and Tina. Is it just the three of you?” 
Jacqueline replies, “Yes, just the three of us Maria. How’s your family?” 
Maria, “We are doing well thank you.” Maria makes a motion with her arm and hand and a wait staff comes up to her. 
Maria facing the three. “Orlando will seat you.” 
Jacqueline smiles. “Thank you Maria.” 
They follow Orlando and are seated in their favorite spot at the restaurant. Jacqueline, Charles and Tina looking around begin to reminisce about the memories the place brought back. 
Tina begins, “Man the place still looks the same. The hours we spent making last moment preparations for you guys wedding. The great time we had here with family, wedding guest, our friends. 
Hey guys, I have not had the chance, now that all three of us are here, give me the background details about the wedding planning that happened before I came back into the picture.” 
Orlando approaches, sets down their chips and salsa that are to die for. Jacqueline, Charles, and Tina coveting their chips and salsa just waiting for them on their table. They place their orders for their beverages. They dive into the delicious chips and salsa. Their talks about how delicious since the last time they were here ensue. Orlando returns with ice cold beer for Charles, clear soft drink for Jaqueline, and a large raspberry margarita for Tina. Their waiter takes their meal orders. He leaves to return shortly to fill their beverages.  
Soon, the generous portions of their meals are placed before them. Charles had the enchilada plate (chicken, pork, and cheese) very tasty. Tina receives her chicken fajita quesadilla. Jacqueline is served her grilled shrimp chimichanga. All bow their head for grace over their meal. Charles leads grace and prays in thanksgiving for Jacqueline, Tina and his time together. They make the sign of the cross after their prayer. Each of them takes small bites from their food. 
Charles continues with once of the obstacles in the wedding planning to overcome. “Getting married within the Catholic faith requires marriage preparation meetings with a priest. However, there is usually a public announcement in the Church bulletin or by word of mouth when parishioners are involved with marriage preparation meetings with the priest. Jacqueline had a creatively well thought out plan. We were hopeful it would work. 
One of the wonderful options available to Catholics is the sacrament of confession for the forgiveness of sins. The priest is bound to never break the confidentiality of this sacrament. Some priests have gone to jail with vital information in criminal investigations than give up the evidence offered in confession. Jacqueline and I set up confession appointments with Monsignor Lara of Prince of Peace Catholic Church. We selected him for our confessions because he was also in charge of marriage preparation meetings.” 
Jacqueline states “Charles encouraged me that I should be the first to go into confession. His reasoning was I had more information about Richard and the danger at hand. It was also my opportunity to confess my fear for your life Tina in the plan you were carrying out working with Mother. I was hesitant at first to confess everything I had in mind. I was hesitant as well requesting from the Monsignor to provide confidential marriage preparation meetings.” 
Tina with a worried look, “That was such a risk on both your parts! Revealing what was going on with Richard and myself. How could the both of you have done such a careless deed?” 
Charles interjects, “All of what the three of us were doing was a risk. Our marriage preparation in the church was important enough for Jacqueline and myself to risk.” 
Tina with a delay in the information becoming clear, “Jacqueline, how could you risk confessing what I was up to?!!!” 
Jacqueline offers, “I put faith in the confessing my sins to a priest. The sacrament lifted a huge burden from me by being able to express to another my fear for you and Mother in carrying out such a dangerous plan. I felt blessed with a peace at finally being able to disclose this secret to someone.” 
Tina not satisfied with Jacqueline’s response rotates herself towards Charles. Her nonverbal cues suggesting she is upset. “And you? What is your part in that confession piece?” 
Charles eyes Tina, “I support Jacqueline. The experience of confession is liberating from those experiences that bind us. It was for me when it came to be my turn for confession. I offered information about the dangers Jacqueline and I found ourselves. My love for Jacqueline was made clear. Our desire to wed in the Catholic faith was made known. I ended my confession with the decision of our wedding to be blessed in the Catholic faith. 
Lastly, I informed that our wedding was in the Monsignor’s hands. There was a pause. 
Then he advised. ‘Set an appointment with the receptionist. Inform her to schedule me for couple’s pastoral counseling at your home. Then you provide her with the address where I will meet the both of you.’ 
I joyously thanked him. Upon my exit from confession, Jacqueline was still kneeling praying. I interrupted her praying and I informed her of the good news. Jacqueline sat next to me to discuss our next moves.”
Jacqueline expresses, “I could not believe that my prayers of just moments ago came true. We went to the receptionist giddy with delight and informed the receptionist of the Monsignor’s request to schedule a couple’s pastoral counseling for us. I provided Charles’ address.”
Charles informs, “The Monsignor was informative and challenging in our marriage preparation meetings at my place. We filled out questionnaires. He had us address our answers with one another about what it meant to be a married couple, what our ideals were about, what our moral practices would be, and how to keep working at our relationship when we no longer felt that ‘In Love’ experience. We were challenged about how we would raise our children if God gifted us with such.” 
Jacqueline in agreement, “I felt it was a much-needed opportunity for the both of us to lay topics about each other on the table and at least know where each of us stood in our personal and moral beliefs. We fulfilled our marriage preparation meetings with the Monsignor about two weeks before your return Tina.” 
Charles turn, “We kept our wedding plans going. Our engagement was being kept secret about all who had knowledge of it. This included the Monsignor.” 
Tina curiously stares at them, “How far had the both of you planned the wedding to this point?” 
Jacqueline conveys, “We had agreed the wedding would be held at our current church community. Charles and I had agreed that it would be a small wedding consisting of Charles’ immediate family, parents and brothers, a few select friends. My family being Mother and you with a few friends I trusted deeply. We included our small circle of friends from each our medical assignments and the church community.” 
Tina’s face suggesting she wanted more. “Who was doing the wedding planning for all those behind the scenes maddening acts that make a wedding?” 
Charles with a small laugh, “Oh Tina, you are going to love this. Suddenly, a renowned wedding planner shows up at Jacqueline’s place.” 
Jacqueline grins at Tina and clarifies, “I do not know how Mom pulled the wedding planner off without triggering Richard alarms. She did it! We could address much of what was needed. 
The planner got exasperated with us at times when trying to nail down a date for the wedding. That part we did not know. The planner finally came up with a plausible option for unknown wedding date planning as well as for a missing Maid of Honor or her stand in.” 
Tina queries, “How were your parents with the wedding plans at that time?” 
Charles reports, “My Mother did not mind at all to be the backup Maid of Honor. She had become quite fond of Jacqueline and considered being a backup supportive person of whatever Jacqueline needed. 
The only issues or clashes the families had was with the wedding planner’s ideas or methods of going forward with the wedding. I’m glad they made their objections known. Jacqueline was a sweetheart in supporting the families during these times and challenging the wedding planner to come up with options that were agreeable for mostly everyone.” 
Tina articulates, “The wedding was ready to go by the time I came along.” 
Charles objects, “You sell yourself short. The wedding was not ready to go when you showed up in our lives again. I appreciate you returning and stepping up to tie up all the loose ends we had missed.” 
Tina returns “That’s so sweet of you Charles. It was my treat, really. When did you guys actually set the wedding date?” 
Jacqueline giving her as a matter of fact face, “When we were right here, at this place, with you. You inspired me to set a wedding date, regardless of the outcomes that could potentially arise with Richard’s vengeance.”
Tina with eyes wide. “Really, I had not realized that. There are still surprises for me. 
I thought I was just being supportive about a wedding date as well as getting us closer to wrapping up the wedding plans.”
Jacqueline with a slight grin, “There was no need to delay the wedding any longer. Charles and I agreed that our wedding would be in two months from the date of you inspired us.” 
Tina on a tangent, “That’s so nice of guys. Hey, I do not remember the wedding planning including a wedding dress. Call me absent minded. Was there a plan for the wedding dress?” 
Charles and Jacqueline laughing softly facing each other, with Charles taking the lead looking at Tina. “You are not absent-minded Tina. Jacqueline was beside herself trying to replicate some part of Monica’s grand wedding with Richard or going off on her own different path.” 
Jacqueline continues “I chose a different path for my wedding once you, Tina, returned into my life. I had included Charles in some of my most important relationship purchases of my life. With you back in my life, I shifted to what Charles and I preferred instead of replicating what Mother had done at her wedding.” 
Tina curious facing Jacqueline, “Did you ever find out your Mother’s views of your wedding being so different from her wedding?” 
Jacqueline answers, “I knew enough about Mother that her sending a wedding planner to work with us was her way of encouraging a wedding pleasing to Charles and me and not her. She was very supportive in not opposing any of our plans.” 
Tina frowning, “Hey you two! You still did answer me about the wedding dress?” 
Charles grinning facing Jacqueline, “I think we did Jacqueline. It must be Tina’s forgetting things again.” 
Tina with squinted eyes, “Yeah right Charles. My mind is still as good as a steel trap for bears. Give up the answer you two!” 
Jacqueline facing Tina and grinning, “My Mother and Charles’ Mother Beatrice came together in a most touching way for me. My wedding dress was made from materials of my Mother’s wedding dress and Charles’ Mother wedding dress. I proposed the idea to both our Mothers and they were joyful at the idea. 
My Mother respectful of Charles Mother inquired if she would give her permission for a designer friend to create the wedding dress. Charles Mother agreed. Both invited me to weigh into the conversation and I supported the idea.” 
Tina joyfully, “Sensational! That’s why it was so one of a kind and that world renown designer just sealed the deal. You looked so beautiful in your mermaid one of kind design. How touching to have both families represented in the major focus of the wedding.” 
Tina pauses as though something else came to her. “The wedding night and the honeymoon! Not the bedroom stuff. Just the other details.” 
Charles glancing at Jacqueline with Jacqueline blushing a little. 
Charles teasing Jacqueline, “You told her something about our intimate romantic times, didn’t you?” 
Jacqueline avoiding Charles’ eyes looks at and answers Tina, “Our wedding night was wonderfully intimate and romantic in our own new home. Our honeymoon was just as wonderful in a paradise Island.”
Tina interrupts as she sees Charles’ opening his mouth to voice an objection. “Yes, I did get some of the juicy sex details about you guys when Jacqueline and I were alone. Get over it Charles. This is the way it’s going to be. We request that you leave so we can have our girls talks.” 
Charles grins back at Tina and Jacqueline, “Well, I guess I know my place.” 
All three lightly laugh.
Tina’s shows some tiredness in her face. “Well guys. It has been a wonderful evening of sharing. I guess I had a taste from this night of how all of us are going to be involved in each other’s lives. Each of us filling a void that had existed for the most part in our lives.” 
Charles smiling with looking at Jacqueline then at Tina, “So true my dear friend Tina. A daughter for my parents. Jacqueline, I’ve seen how my Mother just lights up when you’re around.” 
Charles pauses several moments before continuing, “It’s not just Mother. My Father and brothers light up as well.” 
Tina faces Jacqueline.
Jacqueline expresses in response to Tina’s look. “A son and family for my Mother. I’m so surprised how Mother has taken to Charles spiritual expression. I’m very surprised in seeing that side of her come out. It’s all do to Charles.” 
Jacqueline faces Charles and Tina. “Also, a chance for you Charles and for you Tina for helping Mother and me in transitioning into becoming a larger loving family. The three of us joining our families to become a larger family. 
I so enjoyed when all three of our families got together on trips to Brugge Belgium, Buenos Aires Argentina, Fez Morocco, the Greek Isles Cyclades, Istanbul Turkey, Paris France. San Sebastian, Spain, the Italian Riviera, and Rome Italy. What wonderful experiences. The three of us keep deepening our relationship further by finding strengths and support in each of our lives’ journey’s.  
Jacqueline raising her glass.” A toast.” 
Charles raising his beer. Tina raising her Margarita glass. 
Jacqueline toasts, “May our dreams be wonderful, and our lives be just as wonderful.” They all clank their beverage containers together.
Charles, “Amen to that.” 
Tina joins, “Absolutely!” 
All three taking a sip from their beverages and laughing lightly. Charles pays the bill as they finish the last morsels of their delicious food and drinks.  All three enjoying talking to each other. Tina rises from her chair. Jacqueline and Charles rise with her. They continue their joyful conversations as they go out of the restaurant. The three bid Orlando and Maria a good night. Jacqueline arm and arm with Charles while Tina is next to Jacqueline exit the restaurant without a care in the world. This is their time for enjoying whatever life may bring to them. 
