
Dreams


Big Bands, Big Hearts Series


Sandra Alex

Keep in touch with the author by Subscribing.

ISBN  978-1-989427-79-8
ISBN  978-1-989427-80-4

Copyright © 2022 Sandra Alex
All rights reserved.


Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Jump
Keep in Touch
Did You Enjoy This Book?
Author’s Note


World turns black and white
Pictures in an empty room
Your love starts fallin' down
Better change your tune
Yeah, you reach for the golden ring
Reach for the sky
Baby, just spread your wings
And get higher and higher
Straight up we'll climb
We'll get higher and higher
Leave it all behind
Run, run, run away
Like a train runnin' off the track
Got the truth bein' left behind
Fall between the cracks
Standin' on broken dreams
Never losin' sight, ah
Well, just spread your wings
We'll get higher and higher
Straight up we'll climb
We'll get higher and higher
Leave it all behind
So baby, dry your eyes
Save all the tears you've cried
Oh, that's what dreams are made of
'Cause we belong
In a world that must be strong
Oh, that's what dreams are made of
Yeah, we'll get higher and higher
Straight up we'll climb
Higher and higher
Leave it all behind
Oh, we'll get higher and higher
Who knows what we'll find
So baby, dry your eyes
Save all the tears you've cried
Oh, that's what dreams are made of
Oh baby, we belong
In a world that must be strong
Oh, that's what dreams are made of
And in the end
On dreams we will depend
'Cause that's what love is made of

-Dreams by Van Halen
Source: Musixmatch
Songwriters: Anthony Michael / Van Halen Edward / Van Halen Alex / Hagar Sammy R
Dreams lyrics © Wb Music Corp., Mugambi Publishing, Atlas Music Group

Chapter 1
Jett
If this guy clears his throat one more time, I’m going to punch him in the throat.  Tom, I think his name is. The dude interviewing us is clearly way out of his element, practically shitting in his pants as he asks us questions that he’s been spoon fed from some network executive.  The paper he holds between his legs with questions scrawled on it, is quivering with his nerves, and I want so badly to take him out of his misery and just start spewing shit on camera, but our manager, Dick, told us to take it easy on him.  He’s someone’s nephew and as green as he seems.
The Flock of Seagulls haircut is annoying as hell, too.  There’s a pair of clippers in Slick’s room, he’s our lead singer, and I’d love nothing more than to go grab them, pin this shithead down, and shave his locks off.  Don’t get me started on the fluorescent shoes.  “What made you decide to take part in this music festival?” he asks.  Besides the million dollars an hour we’re being paid? Is what I want to say, but I refrain.  
“It’s perfect timing.” Slick says.  “We couldn’t say no with us going out on tour in the next few months.”
I’m bored and dying for a smoke.  Crush, our drummer, is exchanging looks with me, like he’s thinking the same thing.  
“Are you singing any of your new songs?” the dipshit asks.
“We might squeeze in a few, but we’ll save them for the tour.” I interject.
Slick adds to my thought.  “We can’t play too much new stuff on account of the songs not being released yet.”
“Yeah, if we get any radio play in, even in the next day, we might, but otherwise we’ll stick to the older stuff.” I add.
We’re here in Oklahoma, getting ready to perform in what has been dubbed one of the biggest concert events of this decade, Rock Jam Nineteen Eighty-Five.  What’s more is that our newest album, our third, is scheduled to be released this month, so the timing couldn’t be better.  We credit our record company for acting fast on this one, getting a heads-up from concert promoters, and pushing the deadline up for our tracks to be recorded in time to ride the promotional waves.  Terry, our producer, and Roy, our engineer, have been pulling all-nighters with us for weeks, getting this album complete.
The sunglasses hide the bags under my eyes, and I have bandages on every one of my fingers from strumming my axe so much. But I love it.  I want to die playing my guitar.  If I get a choice, that is.  I’m sitting in this trailer, which is kind of like one of them portables we had in high school, all lined up at the back parking lot, to handle overflow.  This place smells of mildew, like a cheap motel that I’ve grown to be so accustomed to over the years.  The chairs are those school grade ones with a wooden seat and a metal frame, and the backdrop is the wooden panelling that you see in my parent’s basement.
“Jett, you care to comment on the headline in the paper about you and the groupie?” shithead asks, and he looks twice, as if he can’t believe he asked that, and if he could, he’d take it back.  His look is apologetic, and I decide to let him off the hook.
“Alleged groupie, I believe it said.” I correct.  “And it was a rag, not a paper, so no, I don’t care to comment.”
The article said I’d been caught fucking some groupie in the backseat of a limousine while attending a private screening of some dumb shit movie that Dick made us go to because they used a piece of one of our hit songs off our first album in it. The movie sucked. The chick I was with sucked pretty good, though, but I didn’t get caught doing anything.  There wasn’t even incriminating evidence in the picture. They used a still from earlier in the evening.  It was someone with a big mouth and nothing better to rag about.  It could have even been the chick who blew me for all I know.  Chicks do shit like that.  
Dipshit looks at his notes, and I feel like he’s starting to get comfortable in his shoes, because the paper isn’t trembling anymore.  “You got tickets?” I ask, gesturing at him with my chin.
“Err…no, sir.” He says, shaking his head.
“You mean you don’t get free ones for doing this interview?” Zane asks, teasing.
Dipshit smiles.  “No, sir.”
“Dick, give the man tickets.” I say to our manager.  “Jesus, the poor kid should at least get that.”
Dipshit seems to calm more.  “Jett, how many hours a day do you practice?” he asks, without even looking at his paper.
I frown.  “Mmm…it’s more like how many hours don’t I practice, man.”
“Yeah, Jett’s got his guitar on him all the time.  The only reason why he hasn’t got one on him right now is because he couldn’t talk your camera guy into putting the chairs further apart.  He’d have me holding his guitar for him if he had his way about it.” Zane is thumbing at me as he sits next to me.  
“The man sleeps with his guitar.  When he sleeps.” Crush adds.
“And what about you, Slick?” Dipshit asks. “How many hours a day do you practice singing?”
“Singing or writing songs, man…I’m always doing one or the other.” Slick answers honestly.
“And what do you do in your spare time for fun?” 
“Music is our fun, man.” I answer honestly.  “If it was like work, we wouldn’t do it.” 
Dipshit seems genuinely impressed.  I’m starting to like him.  “What sort of feel would you say that this new album has?  Is it the same good-time party vibe as the others, or is it a little bit different?” Nice.  I tilt my head, impressed.  Dipshit may have class after all.
“I heard someone give a perfect description of our music the other day.  I wish like hell that I could think of who it was, but I can’t.” I say.  “The dude said that when he listens to our music, it’s like a dog hanging his head out the car window wearing sunglasses.  It’s just…cool.”
“Yeah, the kind you raise a thumb for when you hear the guy in the car next to you listening to the same tune, man.” Slick adds.
I lift my hand, giving Slick credit.  “Exactly.”
Dipshit smiles.  He’s starting to loosen up and have some fun.  I haven’t heard him clear his throat in the last five minutes.  
“Are you guys nervous at all?  Are you used to performing with so many other artists?”
“Naw, man, we get along great with everybody.” I lie.  Well, we try to get along, but let’s face it, God created assholes, and most of them are in the music industry.  Like the band that we first toured with. The lead singer is some hotshot with a dick bigger than his brain.  I was carrying my prized amp that I don’t let any other motherfucker carry, into the venue we were performing at. The motherfucker was ahead of me and I asked him if he could hold the door open for me.  He turned around to glance at me. Here I’m thinking that he’ll hold it open, no problem.  The door slams in my fucking face five seconds later, so I almost drop my fucking amp on my goddamn foot.  I get inside the place and ask what the fuck is up his ass.  You know what he says to me?  “You open for me, you hold the fucking door for me, asshole.”  You see what I’m saying?
“You guys do seem pretty cool.” Dipshit laughs, and I swear to God I hear his voice crack with pubescence.  I bet he can’t even grow a beard yet, but he’s cool, so I like him.  
“Thanks, man.  You’re pretty cool, too.  You got a girl, man?” I ask, nodding, holding an unlit cigarette in my mouth, hoping to hell someone will light it for me.  And then I see the crooked ‘no smoking’ sign on the wall and take the cancer stick out of my fucking mouth, rolling my eyes.
“No.  Not yet.” He chuckles shyly.  Smart kid.  Stay away from the chicks, unless it’s for a blow job or something.  They’re nothing but fucking trouble, unless they’re fans, of course.  I had me a girl or two back at home, but they either give you a fucking ultimatum, you know?  Like it’s them or my music, or else they’re after you for your money.  I have yet to meet a straight up girl, and don’t get me wrong, I’m not looking, either.
“Want me to fix you up, dude?” Slick teases.
Dipshit just chuckles again.  I’m starting to like him.  We can hear the soundchecks going on from the field next to us, where the stage is.  It’s this huge football field where they have an outdoor stadium.  Even bigger than the biggest venue that we’ve played in.  Performances start tonight.  We go on about halfway through, and then we’re on again tomorrow during the day, and on the third day, too, but at night again.  We did our soundchecks just before this interview, so I’m guessing that the band doing their soundchecks is doing their interview next.
“Will you play ‘Fuss’?” he asks.  And then I get it.  He’s a fan.  How cool is that?
“Sure, we’ll play it.” Slick says with enthusiasm.  We already know that we’ll have to change our set list after each performance, to keep it fresh, but ‘Fuss’ gets the most radio play, so we want to play that.  Plus, it’s the tune that has the freshest sound because of this wicked lick that I use during my solo. There is zero overdubbing in the recording of that tune, so it sounds live the same way it sounds on the record.  Fans love it that way, so we try for that each time.
Dipshit is about to ask us another question, when we hear some scuffle going on outside.  Some chick is screaming at the top of her lungs for somebody to help her.
“Yo, dude, cut the tape, man.” I say, rising.
The cameraman lifts his head from behind the lens, and the little red light goes off.
“What the fuck’s going on out there?” I ask, and Zane is poking his face out the tiny trailer window.  Next thing we know this chick comes barrelling into the room, screaming bloody murder, with Chris, one of our security dudes trying to grab her.
“Whoa!  Whoa!  Lady!  What the hell are you doing!” Chris shouts, finally getting her arm.
She’s tall and lank, with a baggy white t-shirt that has ‘Relax’ in bold pink letters on the front and pink leggings to match.  Her neon pink hair sash is gauze and loosened, so it sits even more askew than intended.  “Some shithead attacked me outside!” she squeals.
“There’s nobody outside, freak!” Chris scoffs.  
“How the hell did she get in here, man?” Zane asks.
“I was radioed by the stage crew. Got distracted. She barrelled in here like a bat out of hell.  She must have hopped the fence or something, or she fucking blew one of the other security guys, so he’d let her in.”
She pulls her arm free from him, giving him a look like he’s manhandled her, which he kind of has.  “I’m your biggest fan, you guys.  I love ‘Fuss’.  I play it so often I’ve nearly worn my record out.” She says.
“Let’s go, freak.” Chris says, taking her arm again.
I lift my hand.  “Hey, dude. Let her stay.  If it meant that much to her to come meet us, why not?”
“Are you fucking out of your mind, Jett?  The woman’s a lunatic!” Chris argues.
“She’s just a fan, man.  Just let her stay for a minute.” 
“Yeah, man.  We’ll get her a picture and an autograph.  It’ll be fine.” Slick says.
Chris is pissed off.  “Fine.  But I’m not leaving her in here with you alone, and then she’s getting escorted out.”
“Take it easy.” Zane scoffs.  “Look, we didn’t get here from turning fans away, man.  She’s not going to hurt us.”
The girl is smiling brightly.  “You guys are the best. And I’m sorry for lying, but you…you have no idea.” She starts to sob.  “Your music…it touches me.” Slick puts his arm around her.  “That’s what we do, man.  We reach out and touch people.  You saying that just means that we’re doing a good job.”
“You’re doing a fabulous job.  I’ve had the worst year of my life, and if it hadn’t been for your music, I don’t know where I’d be.  I just…I wanted you to know that.”
“Well, we appreciate that, kid.” I say.  “Hey, you got a camera on you?”
“No, because I know that they’ll confiscate it at the gate.”
“Did you get tickets?” Crush asks.
“Not yet. I’m not proud of how I got in here.” she admits.
Crush looks up at Chris, who is none too pleased.  “Hey, man, call up and put her name on the V.I.P. list.”
“What’s your name, seniorita?” Slick asks.
“Taylor.  Taylor Crane.”
Chris smirks snidely but he calls in the request.  When he’s finished, he points at us. “You guys get attacked, it’s your ass.”
“We pay you to protect us, not to judge our fans, man.” I say.
“What the fuck do you think I’m trying to do, asshole?  You think I was fucking knitting out there?” he points outside.  If he weren’t related to my favorite roadie, Jim, I’d fire his ass right now.  He’s so angry that spittle is flying out of his mouth as he shouts.  He’s got the perfect temperament for what he does, I’ll give him that.
“Never mind him.” Slick says to Taylor.  “You got something we can sign for you, babe?”
She looks down at her shirt.  “Can you all sign this?” 
“Sure.” Slick shrugs.  
There is a cup full of pens on a small metal table by the door.  Slick fishes out one of them fancy permanent marker deals, and we all take turns signing her shirt.  We even nickname her ‘jailbreak’, since she would technically be arrested for breaking and entering if it were under any other circumstance.  There are ‘private property’ and ‘no trespassing’ signs all over the place here.
“Okay, lady, let’s get you out of here.” Chris says, wasting no time, the moment that we’re done signing her shirt, front and back.  
“Take it easy on her, okay, man?” I say to him.  We give her a hug each, and she’s so overcome with emotion, that she’s crying.
“I love you guys.” She sobs.
“We love you, too.” I say.
“Yeah, man.  Thanks for busting in on us.” Slick teases.  “That was fun.”
“I’m so sorry for the interruption.” She says to Tom, who is taking it all in.  
“Come on.” Chris says.  “Looks like we’ve got company.” He radios in while taking Taylor out.  She waves, blowing us all kisses.  We wave back.  
“Should I continue?” Tom asks.
“I think we’re done, man.” Slick says.  “We should get outta here.”
“Not so fast.” I say, watching an exchange outside.  Taylor is being escorted out of the stadium by another security guard, while Chris appears to be fighting with someone that none of us recognizes.  Chris’s arms start to flail about, and we stand there, wondering if we should intervene, but decide against it.  I look at Tom, who looks worried and forlorn, instead of dying to get outside to get the story.  I doubt he’s going to get very far in his line of work, but then again, what do I know.  “Never a dull fucking moment in our world, man.” I say, clapping him on the back.
We watch Chris leave the guy outside and stomp into the trailer.  
“Yo, what the fuck’s going on?” Slick says.
“We’ve got problems, man.  The chick and dudes from ‘Buying Time’ are going on after you, and they’re bitching about our set up.”
“What the fuck’s the problem?” Slick asks casually, but with a ‘v’ between his brows.
“There’s clearly a pecking order to this whole shindig, and they feel like they’ve been given the shitty end of the stick as far as room, man.  They don’t want our drum kit so close behind theirs, for one.  And the list goes on and on, man.”
“Isn’t the stage crew out there haggling for us?” Crush asks.  “I’ve got my kit as far back as it will go.”
“That’s not the only thing.” Chris explains.  “The wires aren’t tied back far enough, and they don’t like a whole bunch of other shit.  The guys are doing their best, but the lead singer, Roxy, she’s all but tearing our shit down.  The woman is a fucking lunatic.” I start to wonder if Chris calls every chick a lunatic.
“So, we’ll go smooth it over, man.  It’s no big deal.” I say, shrugging.
“Chicks fight dirty.” Chris says nodding.  “Especially this one. You guys haven’t met Roxy.”
“What…does she bite, man?” Slick scoffs, chuckling.  “I’m not afraid of no chick. We can deal.”
“Fine.  Let’s get you guys out of here before any more crazed fans bust in.” Chris says.  There are golf carts waiting outside to take us back to the stadium. When we’re delivered to the stage area, we see that Chris was right, that the other band is tearing our shit down.  Including our banner, that they could have easily put theirs over top of.  It’s pure bullshit.  Our guys are doing what they can, but they’re clearly outnumbered by Roxy’s crew.  I know the band ‘Buying Time’ has been around a lot longer than we have, so technically, we’re the new kids on the block here, with only two albums out, versus their half dozen or so, from what I can remember.
I see who I think is Roxy, which surprises me.  I figured with her caliber, that she wouldn’t be out there fighting her battles, that she’d have plenty of crew to do it for her.  She’s losing her shit, tearing at our stuff, and then she goes to touch my amp, and I cut in front of her.  “Hey!  I don’t think so, lady.  Nobody touches that except me.”
“Yeah, well this pile of shit is blocking my amp, so it goes.” She sneers. “It looks like it’s going to burst into fucking flames, anyway.  It’s a goddamn fire hazard.  I’m surprised the health and safety team didn’t boot it out of here, straight into the goddamn garbage bins out the back.”
“Ay, fuck you!” I say.  “I spent my life savings rigging this thing up to get the sound I want.  Sure, it’s MacGyvered here and there, but this thing works like magic.  You touch this thing and I’ll fucking kill you or anyone else around you.”
“You don’t scare me you son of a bitch!  You come around here, acting like you own the fucking place, leaving your incompetent prick crew to do your dirty work, while you’re off having a pansy-ass little interview!  That’s what you get, man!  My shit trumps your shit, so get it off the stage!”
I feel my blood boiling.  I’ve never been spoken to like this before, especially by a chick.  If she were a dude, I would have knocked her out by now.  I don’t put up with this kind of bullshit from anybody.  I grab her amp and start walking off the stage.
“Hey!  Where the fuck do you think you’re going with my amp, you son of a bitch!” she shouts, running after me, which is exactly the result I was hoping for.  I run to the green room, and she follows me.  When she’s inside, I shut the door and set her amp on the floor.  Both of our chests are heaving.  “Just what the fuck are you trying to pull, Jett…is it?  What the fuck kind of name is that, anyway?” 
She’s wearing a leopard print tank top, with a neon yellow sash tied around her neck.  Her gold leafed tights look wet from their odd texture, and her black patten leather stilettos give her a deceptive height, almost matching my own.  Her straight black hair pools in equal amounts on both of her breasts.  With ocean blue eyes and black liquid eyeliner framing them, Roxy requires no introduction.  Her pert lips are full and covered in a light pink translucent gloss.  I look at her and see something strange in her eyes.  I’m too pissed off to care, so I retort. “I don’t know, Roxy…what kind of a name is that?”
Her lips purse and her hand lifts.  She’s about to cuff me one….
…but then I do something equally stupid.

Chapter 2
Roxy
My mom says that I was born singing.  When I hit puberty, I developed this husky tone in my voice, which made my sound edgier.  After joining the school choir and singing solo in competitions all around the states, I knew that singing would be my career.  I love it. I’m singing all the time.  Hell, I’m even singing when I’m thinking out loud.  What’s more is my voice holds out.  Sure, it’s great to have a nice, versatile voice, but once you start getting gigs, singing two and three hours a night, sometimes more, and singing over badly tuned instruments, if your voice isn’t strong and you lose it, you’re done.  
Sometimes I use my voice too much, like when I yell, which I do a lot.  Problem is, there are so many assholes in the music industry, and I don’t have the time or the patience to deal with any of it.  I am a lone woman.  I’ve never had anything more than a solo career and I intend to keep it that way.  There are too many assholes out there.  Sure, when I first started out, there were a few artists that claimed to be my friend and all, but in the end, all they ever wanted was pussy.  Straight up.  I don’t give myself away that easily. Sure, I fuck around with my drummer, Stix, every now and again, but I can trust him.  
Stix and I go way back.  He’s been my drummer since the beginning, and as much as he’s a genius behind his kit, he’s a dumb fuck about everything that isn’t sex.  He’s great in bed, and he’s got a big heart, but he’s pretty stupid. And that’s okay, because I’m the brains behind this band, and he’s okay with that.  My other bandmates have been piecemealed over the years.  I won’t bore you with the details, but it’s been a rough go.  Since high school, I’ve been performing all over, in backyard parties, small venues, high schools, things like that, and then I got into clubs.  
When I got my first record deal, it was a mess.  We were happier than pig and shit, but it fell apart quickly.  My guitarist couldn’t nail it in the recording studio, and my bassist was nailing everyone else, and couldn’t focus.  The label almost dropped us because we were going to miss our deadline, but then my producer saved my ass, finding us studio performers who kicked ass, and I asked them to come on board.  With the exception of my guitarist, who left for another band, because he wanted more than to be just my bandmate, we’re in good shape now.  
We hit number one with our first album, which floored me.  Chick lead singers are hot in music, what with artists like Madonna and Alannah Myles, and I guess I resonated with many listeners.  After hitting the road on tour, I learned the ropes quickly, keeping it real with my audience, and never forgetting that this is a male-dominated industry, and that men only want one thing, which I never give out.  They don’t like that, and a lot of them give me attitude, but I don’t bend the rules for anyone.
But after hitting number one in my first shot, it was tough to live up to that after our first record, and each record has never been able to cut the mustard as well.  Our stuff is still selling enough to keep our label happy, and we hover around the top ten, so it’s nothing to cry over, but we still haven’t been able to crack a number one hit since that first go.  It takes a toll on the band sometimes, and if I’m honest, it knocks me down a peg or two when some other band, and it’s always a male band, gets to hit number one.  We’ve never hit platinum, either, and that’s a tough pill to swallow.  It’s almost like, yeah, we’re good, but we’re not great.  The respect is there for the most part, and we’re asked to do spots for radio and television all the time, so that’s something.
When we were asked to do this event, I wondered if my miracle worker producer had something to do with that.  Word got out that we are one of the lowest paid bands to be invited, and I got pissed.  This band, Wired, who is on before us, yeah, they piss me off to no end.  Not only have they got a number one hit, but their first album hit fucking gold, and the word is that they’re being paid a million dollars an hour to show up to this shindig.  Now that pisses me off big time.  Sure, their stuff sizzles, and they get tons of radio play.  Hell, I hear that their new album isn’t even released yet, and they’re getting radio play.  
So when I see their shit all out after their soundchecks, I figure they need to be put in their place.  Their equipment is all over, and their hideous banner is tacked up so that we have to put ours over theirs, and then chances are they’ll bitch at us for getting holes in it.  No fucking way.  This one amp of theirs looks like something from WWII, what’s left of it, that is.  Their guitarist has pedals that have duct tape on them, too.  You’d think that with what these bastards are paid, that they’d have the dough to cough up to get decent equipment.  
I hear that Jett, their guitarist, is spending enough money on hookers and groupies.  He was caught fucking a groupie in the back seat of a limo recently.  And I bet that they all have decent coke habits, too.  Me, sure, I dabble in it.  Who doesn’t?  I like to hit the bottle, too, but then again, like I said, who doesn’t.  When I get pissed off, I hit the bottle, and when I’m going on stage, I hit the coke.  It gives me that little bit extra when I’m singing in front of a zillion people.  Stix is into it, too.  He’s my in for supply.  That’s another reason why I keep him around.  He makes sure we have enough of the white stuff.
Anyway, as soon as I pick this asshole’s amp up, he’s on me like white on rice, and I want to punch him so bad.  Apparently, he regards this half-cooked piece of shit like he would his first born.  He gives me flack for touching it, and he practically rips it out of my grasp, and then the motherfucker has the balls to grab one of my amps and start walking.  I follow the sonofabitch to the green room, where he slams the door and we get down to brass tacks.  We exchange a few insults, and then I’m about to hit him, when he grabs my hand.
“You’re fucking baked.” He says, almost scoffing.  “Why don’t you get a hold of yourself.”
I loosen my grip.  He’s got a lot of fucking nerve.  “You asshole.  What is it to you what I do in my life, huh?”
“When you touch my amp, it’s my business, you fucking cokehead.” 
“What the hell is your problem?  What, like you don’t do the shit, you fucking goodie-two-shoes, pussy!”
“I don’t do it, as a matter-of-fact.” He says, putting my amp down.  “And maybe if you laid off of it, you’d have the right temperament to deal with shit like this.”
I feel so pissed off it’s taking everything not to try to drive one through his skull.  “You don’t know anything about me, you pansy.”
“I know that you’re a cokehead with little patience.” He guffaws, righteously, making me want to slap him.
“Give me my goddamn amp and go clean up your fucking shit off my stage, asshole!” I shout so loud that spittle flies out of my mouth.
He wipes his face where a gob of spittle lands.  He’s glaring at me.  “Look, I don’t have to put up with this shit.  We’ve both earned rights to that stage, and our crew did everything they were told to do. So, this, lady, is all about you.”
My nostrils flare.  “You think you’re so fucking special.  I heard about you and your little whore.  Maybe if you didn’t spend all your money on fucking hookers, you could afford to buy a decent amp and pedals, so yours don’t burst into fucking flames while I’m on stage!”
I want him to be angry, but the sonofabitch is as cool as a cucumber.  He just smiles without a trace of mirth.  “You think it’s about money, do you.  Not that I expect you to know, since you’re not a guitarist, but that amp makes a particular sound that can’t be replicated.  And that pedal board does the same thing.  I spent years perfecting the sound of my equipment, and I don’t give a shit what you or anyone thinks it looks like.  Our sound is the reason why we climbed the charts. Deal with it.” He licks his lips.  “And what I do in my personal life is my business, but I can tell you that I don’t associate with hookers or coke, and I don’t really care if you believe me or not.  So you can stick that in your pipe and snort it.”
“Fuck you.” I blurt, feeling my jaw clench.  “I don’t know why they’re paying you a million dollars an hour for this gig—”
“I don’t know why, either, but I bet you they’re not paying you half as much.” He chuckles.  “I wonder why that is.” He puts his finger on his chin, mocking me, as if he’s thinking about it.  “Maybe because my band and crew are more amicable…oops, sorry, too big a word for a cokehead…more agreeable. We also don’t have a rider the size of fucking California, either.  I heard about yours.  You and your fucking specialty wines and shit.  I bet you can’t afford half of that shit on your own with your snowy obsession, honey.”
My chest is heaving.  He’s enjoying this.  I want to punch him.  “Get your shit off my stage or I’ll fucking set fire to it.”
“Well, good luck with that, considering that you go on after us, sweetheart.” He sucks his teeth righteously.  “And our stuff is in no way impeding your ability to perform, either, honey.  That shit’s all in your head.  See what happens when you clog your brain cells with the white stuff?”
“Fuck you.”
He tips his chin upward.  “Good comeback.”  He plays with one of the knobs on my amp.  “What have you got this thing set at, anyway.  No wonder you sound like shit live.”
“What?” I shriek.  “I don’t sound like shit live.  Not by a mile.”
“Have you ever listened to yourself after a performance?”
I place my hand on my hips, tilting my head, growing tired of his lecture.  “No, I don’t watch myself, asshole.”
He chuckles.  “Jesus.  How much did you play live before you got a record deal?  Didn’t you ever record yourself back then, or were you too busy bumping lines backstage?”
He’s on my last nerve.  “You are such an asshole.” I feel tears starting to prick the backs of my eyes I’m so pissed off.  
He lifts a hand.  “No, man, I’m serious.  You never listened to yourself after a performance?”
“No, I didn’t.” I say through gritted teeth.
“Well, you should, man.  You wouldn’t believe the shit we figure out from feedback.  You don’t even need to record the whole thing or record it on video, just audio.  Listen carefully.  You’ll hear little nuances that get picked up and can spoil the sound quality.  Seriously.” He nods once.
“Why do you fucking care how I sound?” I sneer.
“I don’t care.” He scoffs.  “But this little setting on your ‘oh-too-perfect’ amp tells me that you don’t listen to yourself live.  That setting should never be used live, and that’s how it was set during your soundcheck, sweetheart.”
“So, I’ll fire my sound guy. He’s clearly incompetent.”
“Is that how you roll?” he asks, like he’s disgusted.  “Just…fire people for making a mistake?”
“Yeah, asshole.  I don’t have time to rehabilitate the idiots out there.”
“But you’re not a guitarist.  Your guitarist should know to check that amp.  Maybe in your little meltdown, it was overlooked, honey.  A little patience goes a long fucking way in this industry.”
“Listen, as much as I’m enjoying your little enlightening tips, pansy-ass, I’ve got better things to do.”
He ignores me.  “You should tell your engineer about that setting, too.  I bet if you changed it, your recordings would be sharper.”
“You just don’t stop, do you?” I chuckle without a trace of mirth.
“And maybe if you’d stop seeing everyone as the fucking enemy, you might not be so inclined to dig yourself into a pile of snow every time you hit the stage.” He adds, and then he walks towards the door.  “Use my amp…if you’re not fearful that it’ll burst into flames…like you said.  And I’ll set out my recording crew for you after our set.  See for yourself the difference it makes.” He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a small packet and tosses it to me.  “Try this, too.” I catch it and look at it.  It’s a packet of chamomile tea.  “Drink some before you perform or whenever you feel anxious…or…pissed off.” He gives me a knowing look.  “Trust me, it helps.”
I laugh at him angrily.  “Oh, and I suppose you’ll want to fuck me later for all the advice, huh.”
He shakes his head, smiling.  “Honey, with that attitude, I don’t think any man would want to come within ten feet of you, and that includes me.  Good luck, Roxy.”
He closes the door.  I’m so angry I look around the room, trying to find something to throw.  The only thing in here is a couch, coffee table, a television set bolted to the wall, and a long table with a coffee carafe and a desk-sized water cooler on top.  I look at my amp, but I can’t throw that, so instead I resign myself to just sitting on the floor.  With my legs crossed, I lean my head on my hand, biting my lip, rewinding what Jett just said to me.  The packet of tea crinkles in my hand and I look at it.  He really is a fucking pansy.  What real man drinks tea?  The men I know hit the snow harder than I do.  Booze, too.  The amp sits next to me, mocking me, and I look at the setting.  I’ve never looked at the amp this closely before, and I suddenly feel like maybe I should have…a long time ago.
The door knocks, and I see Stix on the other side of it.  “Hey, babe.  What are you doing back here?”
“I just tore a strip out of that fucking Jett asshole, that’s what.”
“From ‘Wired’? That Jett?  What the fuck for?”
“His crew was tearing the shit out of the stage, man.  Didn’t you see it?  Their shit was all over the place, cramping my style.  I told him where to go, and the sonofabitch tried to steal my amp, so I let him have it.”
Stix looks at me, confused.  “Babe, the stage is fine.  Both crews figured it out.  The banner’s all fixed and they’re sharing some lighting and shit with us.  Our soundcheck was a little bit fucked up, so they’re going to loan us some of their shit, since their soundcheck was fine.  It’s all good, babe.” He tips his chin up.  “You need another bump?”
I throw the teabag at him, shouting, “No, I don’t need another fucking bump!”
He lifts his hands in the air defensively.  “Whoa, babe.  What’s up your ass!”
“Nothing is up my ass!”
He patronizes me by ignoring my outrage.  “Oh, and babe, we’ve got to get a better amp, man.” He gestures to the one next to me.  “Jett’s guitar tech had a look at the other one, and he said that it’s fried.  It’s a piece of shit.”
“What do they fucking know.” I snarl.
“Nothing, babe.” He shrugs.  “Just trying to help out, man.  Why’d Jett get your goat?  You want me to go crush him?”
Stix is no slouch physically.  He’s built like a brick shithouse, and I know that if I told him to do as much, he would go pound the shit out of Jett, or anyone else I asked to be pounded, for that matter, but it isn’t worth it.  Fact is, we already said what needed to be said, and the proof is staring me straight in the face.  The guys from Wired aren’t half bad.  No other band has ever offered to help us before.  Usually, it’s a cat and mouse game.  Sure, when the cameras are rolling or when the fans are watching, they’re all nice and sweet, but when it comes down to it, none of them are on our side.  
Until Wired, that is.  Unless they’re just a bunch of actors, out to sabotage.
“Yo, Stix.  What do you think if we taped the performance?  You know, so we can hear it later.”
He shrugs, scoffing.  “I’ve been telling you to do that for a long time, babe.  I guess you just never heard me.”
“You never said shit like that to me.” I insist, annoyed.
“Whatever, babe.  Sure, we can record some of it.”
“Good.” I say pointedly.  He picks up on the tension and gives me a ‘fuck you’ kind of look, and leaves. Still pissed off, I stomp after him, passing him, and walk to the staging area, where my bandmates are.  “All of you.” I shout and gesture with my head for them to follow me. Blaze, my bassist, looks bored. He rolls his eyes and sets his guitar down.  Cruz, my lead guitarist, is busy with his technician, but he stops dead in his tracks, glaring at me, and walks towards me.  Stix is right next to me, knowing full well that I’m riled up already, and it’s best not to fuck with me.  The stage and sound crew just stare at me blankly.
With my band and crew in tow, I head back to the green room and slam the door, feeling my blood boil.  “Now I don’ t know what the fuck is going down here, but this is bullshit.  How come we’re letting Wired walk all over us?  I thought I said I wanted their equipment moved, so it’s not in our way.”
“It’s not in our way, Roxy.” Cruz says.  “We figured it out.”
“Why are we figuring shit out for these assholes?”
Blaze shrugs.  “Why not?  They’re not giving us a hard time or anything.  We’re just trying to make it so we both rock on stage without all the hassle.”
Dave, one of our sound technicians, intervenes.  “Yeah, it’s not a problem, Roxy. Their stuff isn’t anywhere unsafe or anything.  We’ve got our lighting and sound all worked out now, and it works better from what they did.”
I point at Greg, one of our guitar technicians.  “And you,” I kick the questionable amp softly with the side of my heel.  “This amp is set wrong.  What the fuck are you trying to do, make me sound like shit?  I should fire your ass on the fucking spot.”
Cruz scoffs.  “Since when do you fucking care about the amps?  They were set properly for the soundcheck.  Maybe you fucked with them.  Why the fuck are they in here, anyway?” he asks, bending to look at it.  “It’s set right, Rox.” He shakes his head like I’m an idiot.  
“Evidently it was not set right for soundcheck.” I say firmly.
“Says who?” Greg barks.
“Jett looked at it and said that it was set wrong.”
Greg and Dave exchange a look that infuriates me, even though I have no idea what it means.  I’m guessing that they think I either fucked him and I’m taking his word for it for that, or that I’m too spun out on coke to know what I’m talking about.  Either way it pisses me off.  
“It doesn’t matter, Roxy.” Blaze says.  “We’re using their amp for the show, anyway.  He’s probably right though.  We had a few things to adjust just before the shit hit the fan during soundcheck.” He points out honestly.  “How about you let me worry about it, okay?”
I hate it when these guys patronize me.  Talk to me like I’m a child.  They think I’m all about coke, sex and screaming, but I just want the best…for my audience.  I want them to have the best of me, the best of my band, the best of my crew, and the best show that we can muster.  I stop at nothing to give my fans what they want, and goddammit if sometimes I try too hard to do that.  That’s why I scream a lot, because otherwise nobody listens, and that’s also why I do half the things I do, because that’s the only way.
Blaze looks as pissed off as me, and it infuriates me that he regards me like that.  I mean, I’m the lead singer in this band, I’m the one who put this band together and made it what it is.  I’m not saying that the guys don’t pull their weight, but sometimes I feel like I’m the only one who is as passionate and caring about the details.  It’s because of me that these guys were put on the map, and I hate it when they forget that sometimes.  The look on Blaze’s face says that this is one of those moments.
We’re in the eleventh hour.  We go on in three.  The stage needs work but only I agree to that.  The boys look like if they could carry me off the stage and lock me in a room, they would.  “Now, wipe those ugly fucking mugs off your faces and make this stage sizzle, before I lose my cool and do something that I regret.”
Blaze looks at me and says the one thing you never want to hear come out of a bandmate’s mouth three hours before you’re on.  
…”I quit.”

Chapter 3
Jett
I’m standing with Trey, one of my guitar technicians, tuning up another one of my guitars for when we play a particular song on our set list, when I see Cruz, Roxy’s lead guitarist, storm through the back room.  He looks pissed as hell, and one of their roadies is in his wake.  All the roadie does is grab him by the back of the shirt, and Cruz rounds on him.  “Don’t fucking try to stop me, asshole!  She’s bought this shit a long time ago and you know it!” he says, raising his fist.
The roadie recoils, like Cruz is going to hit him, and I grab Cruz’s hand, before it strikes him.  “Hey, dude, cool it.  What’s going on?” I ask.
“I fucking quit, man.  That’s the end of it.” Cruz says, pulling his hand from mine, dusting himself off.  “She’s been pissing me off for years, and I’ve had it.”
“You can’t quit two hours before she goes on stage, man, that’s just cold.” I say honesty.  “She’ll be sunk.”
“Then you can play for that bitch, man, I’ve had it.”
I laugh without a trace of mirth.  “I get it.  I had it out with her myself earlier.  But do you really want this?  Sure, walk out, fine, but don’t leave her hanging, too, man.  That’s not right.”
Trey is watching the exchange.  “Be careful, too, man.  With her temperament, she’s liable to sue you or get the record company to pull you out so you get shafted on your share of the revenue.”
The roadie lifts his arms, defeated, and walks away.  I wait until he’s out of earshot.  “Yo, Trey.  You mind giving us a minute?” I ask my guitar technician.
“Sure, man.  I’ll be in the green room.”
I nod.  “Thanks.”
Cruz’s jaw muscles are still working.  
“Hey, man, I know she’s a handful.”
“That’s putting it mildly.  You know I was in love with her when we first started out.  That’s the only reason why I took this job.” He explains.  “Now she’s been fucking Stix for years and treating me like a sack of shit for just as long.  I can tell you one thing, man, and that’s that I don’t have an ounce of feeling for that chick anymore.”
“That’s a lie.” I say without hesitation.  “If you didn’t love her, you would have walked out a long time ago.”
He ignores me.  “She doesn’t give a shit about me anymore.”
“She doesn’t give a shit about herself anymore, either, man.” I point out.  “For her to be all bitter like that, she can’t love herself.  You know she’s fucking flying high now, right?”
He gives me a ‘how-stupid-do-you-think-I-am?’ look.  “No shit, Sherlock.  That’s all she fucking does, if she’s not hitting the bottle.”
“You ever talk to her about it?” I ask, using a gentle, ‘level with me’ sort of voice.
“What the hell for?  It’s Stix that she’s fucking, not me.”
“So, you’re not her friend?”
He scoffs.  “Dude, in her eyes, nobody is her friend.  None of us are.  Stix is just someone she fucks and gets her coke from.  The woman is a heartless bitch.  She doesn’t even write good music.  That’s why her shit doesn’t hit the top anymore.  Roxy lost her groove after the first album, man. It’s classic.  I’m surprised she’s not a fucking one hit wonder.”
“How do you guys put your music together?”
“We jam most of the time.  Roxy makes up lyrics as we go.  But what she says goes, man.  There’s no room for interpretation.  No time for opinions or anything.  If she doesn’t like it, it goes.  End of story.  She stifles the creativity all the time, and that’s when she’s sober.  When she’s high or tanked, she just yells and throws shit.  It’s a waste of my life.  I can join any other band I want to after having this gig for so many years.”
“You want to go ahead and do that, go on, but don’t leave tonight. Just stay with her for this festival and then jump ship.  Trey’s right, man, it’s too much of a risk.  If she’s the loose cannon you say she is, she’ll try to get you out of your money, man. I’ve seen it.”
“You got a hard on for her?” he asks, his eyes dancing.
“Dude, I wouldn’t touch that lady with a ten-foot pole, and I’ve told her as much myself.”
“Then why are you so hell bent on getting me to stay?”
“Because I can.  You ran through here and it took me a half a second to figure out what was going on.  If I were in your shoes I would have told her to shove it, too, man, but I know what’s going to happen if you do.”
“Why the fuck do you care so much?”
I smile.  “To tell you the truth, I thought you guys might be good to tour with, you know?  I haven’t said as much to Roxy yet, but I think it would be the shit.”
“You want to tour? With that thing out there?” he practically screeches, pointing in the direction that he came from.  “You must be out of your fucking mind.”
“She can’t be any worse than some of the assholes I’ve toured with.” I say, stretching the truth.  We’ve had our share of good luck on the road so far.  I figure if I give him more reasons to stay, he will, and I will have done my good deed of the day.  I believe in paying it forward. I believe that’s how I got to where I am now.  
“You’ve had a really nice taste of her today, my friend.  And you’re about to see even more.” He points again.  “It’s probably taking the whole crew to hold her back from coming after me and tearing me a new one.”
“What if I go talk to her?”
He chuckles mirthlessly.  “You really do have a hard on for her, don’t you.”
“I told you, man.  I have nothing for her.” I say, getting irritated. “Listen, you can go, it makes no difference to me, man, but I think you’re just fucking yourself sideways.  I can go smooth it over, you can stay, keep your money, and if all goes well, we’ll see about touring together.  Maybe with a change in company, she’ll mellow out some.”
“I doubt it.” She smirks.  “The only thing that’s going to mellow that bitch out is if she lays off the stimulants. I mean, I’m no prude.  I’ve done my share of shit, but it’s only when I’m partying. I don’t mix business with pleasure, and I think that you’re the same, man. That’s why you guys have some killer tunes.”
“Hey, thanks.” I smile.  “And give yourself some credit, too, man.  You guys have rocking tunes.”
The left side of his mouth twists up into a smirk. “Yeah.  We used to.”
I clap him on the back.  “Come on, buddy.  Let’s go play nice.  I’ll show you how.”

***

The audience is roaring, and we’ve ripped into our number one hit, and that’s when Cruz, Roxy’s lead guitarist, runs onto the stage, naked, making the crowd scream and laugh at the same time.  The cameras nab a shot of him, from the front and back, and I’m laughing so hard my cheeks start to hurt.  I’m the only one who can maintain some sort of composure, as Slick has just lost it, he’s almost on the floor laughing so hard. And I realize that this is as good as it gets.  Pranks.  Lots of them.  And since they come on after us, we have to hit them with one, too, and I start thinking of one as we go into a lull, and eventually have to stop the song.
“Did you see that shit?” Slick says into the microphone, laughing.  He looks over to where Cruz disappeared to, behind the stage, shakes his head and says.  “Whatever that was, it needs ironing.”
He’s still shaking his head, face red from laughing.  “Okay, we’ll start over…when I can fucking sing again that is.” He’s still chuckling.  “Why couldn’t Roxy come out like that.” He adds, gesturing backstage.  “Then I wouldn’t be laughing.”
The audience is whistling, wooting, calling for Roxy.  “Ay, she’s coming out next, man, pipe down.” He laughs.  “Okay, you guys wanna hear that shit again?”
More roaring.  “Alright then.  Hit it.” We rip back into Fuss, and I’m kind of glad that we got another start to it.  As a perfectionist, I feel like the first attempt wasn’t our best, but this one has more adrenaline after the streaking.  I find my focus again, and tear into the tune just like I did in the recording studio.  My axe is like part of my body as I shred like my life depends on it.  I’m one with my instrument when my solo piece approaches, and it comes out perfect, making me smile all over, as I play to a crowd that is happily cheering me on.  Best.  Feeling.  Ever.
The next song is more of a grooving tune, getting the audience involved, and me and Zane singing backup, while Crush beats the drums perfectly in time.  We have a real feel for the vibe tonight, and it’s such a rush, it’s better than being high, and almost as good as sex.  Slick’s voice is the perfect combination of high pitch yet screamy enough that he can make rocking sounds akin to a bobcat, to give the perfect edge to the lyrics at the right moment.  And with mine and Zane’s voices balancing Slick out in the crux of the tune, it sets the stage for greatness.  
I’m thankful that some of the performances are being recorded, because sometimes our live shows are even better than the tunes on our albums.  We’ve discussed doing a live album before, and after tonight’s show, I’m really feeling it.  Next, we break into our softer ballad, and this is where Slick lays on the charm thick with the ladies.  He goes to the apron of the stage and touches the fingertips of some of the audience.  They scream and some of the ladies climb on top of each other, just to get closer to him, and he reaches further out, making me cringe.  Slick has never been pulled in before, but once a girl grabbed his pants and nearly did the deed, but instead just managed to show most of his ass, which might have been what she was going for.
When I go to the apron, I never go without slick or Zane, and I never go right to the edge, either.  Once, I was bending on one knee, shredding so my axe would scream, using my whammy bar during a solo, and this chick literally reached up and grabbed my balls.  Scared the shit out of me so bad I fucked up my solo.  Never again.  Chicks can be crazy.  The chicks that come backstage are even worse.  But then, I don’t mind it backstage.  Models, actresses, some of the most beautiful women have come to meet us, and it’s thrilling to say the least.
Speaking of which, this really hot blonde chick, in the front row, is checking me out.  I throw her a guitar pick and give her a wink.  She must have paid a fortune to get that seat.  I have no idea how much front row tickets cost for this shindig, but for some of our concerts, it can cost upwards of fifteen hundred dollars, and that’s if you’re on the V.I.P. list.  If you’re not, it can run twice that much.  Hell, I don’t make the prices, the record company and the promoters do.  We’re just told where to show up, rehearse, and our crew does the rest.
I’m watching Slick from the corner of my eye, as I strum the tune out, matching Zane and Crush’s rhythm, and I feel like I’m in a zone.  Slick’s voice is great tonight.  He drinks this honey tea before a performance.  Lubricates the vocal cords and soothes his throat, so he can roar, hit the high notes, and stay in tune for the whole show.  Only a few times has he struggled with his voice, and once was because he was getting a throat infection but he didn’t know it.  The other time was when we performed in Arizona, in the goddamn desert, and the wind was so dry, it knocked his Larynx out for a few days.  We had to cancel a couple of concerts, but we made up for it when he got his voice back.
We’ve only got three more songs left in our set, and it makes me sad.  The crowds at these festivals are fantastic.  Full of energy and here for the long haul.  It makes me tingle with anticipation for tomorrow’s show, and then the next day.  This is our first music festival, and it’s growing on me.  During our last song, the crowd is going nuts, just tearing the roof off, if there were a roof, that is, and I can’t help but feel the positive energy. I want so badly to do an encore song, but that’s not allowed in a festival, especially with Roxy, the woman with the least known patience, is coming on next.
At the end of our last song, we all gather at the apron of the stage, hold each other’s hands in the air, and take a few bows.  It feels great that the audience is just going out of their minds.  We each have the biggest smiles on our faces, and I actually feel like I’m glowing.  Slick speaks into the microphone, saying that we’ll see everyone again tomorrow, with an even more kickass performance, which sets them all up again.  Wails, roars, screams, you name it.  They love us.  We love them.  It feels great.
As we head down the tunnel at the side of the stage, letting our crew do their work, so that Roxy’s crew can show next, we’re directed to the green room, but on our way, I see Cruz.  He’s, of course, dressed now, and we each high five him.  “That was brilliant, man.  Loved it.” Slick says.  
“You like that, huh.  Not feeling intimidated seeing that much meat in your face?” Cruz teases.
“Not at all.” Slick smiles.  “I almost pissed myself that was so funny.”
Zane chimes in.  “Dude, I saw you, man.  Slick almost fell over.  Well played.” He gives Cruz another high five.
“Hey, where’s Roxy?” I ask Cruz.
“Bumping a line out back with Stix.” He says, none-too-pleased.
I shake my head.
“It’s what they do before every performance.” Cruz shrugs.  “Don’t let it bother you.  I don’t anymore.”
“It doesn’t bother me a bit.  Their business, not mine.” I say pointedly.  We hang inside the green room, while our crew and Roxy’s crew ready the stage, and Jim, my roadie, brings a tape back, so we can hear a sample of how we sounded.  “Hey, make sure you get a bit from Roxy’s show, okay?”
“Will do.” He nods, before leaving us.
We relax and start listening to the tape, pulling out little nuances that we detected while we were playing.  There are no fan meet and greets right now, so we’re taking advantage of the down time.  The tape sounds great other than the spot where Cruz bombed when he ran across the stage naked, which we all laugh about again, shaking our heads.  That was fun.  “Hey, we have to do something back, man.” Zane says.
“Totally.” I agree.
“What do you think, man?  Roxy’s going to flip out if we pull a stunt like that.”
“She’ll flip no matter what.” I scoff.  “At least this way her band will get a laugh.”
Slick frowns.  “True.”

***

We sneak a peek at Buying Time’s set list from their road manager, who is on some important call in the office backstage, as he covers the phone while evidently on hold.  “There’s a copy in the green room.” He answers.  I don’t know him from a hole in the ground, but he looks super intense, and I wonder if he always has that expression.  
“Okay, so we know what tune is their last one.” I say.  “So, at least if we make them fuck up, they’ve already done their show.”
“Exactly.  Good plan.” Slick agrees.  After we decide what we’re going to do for a prank, we get set on it.  “And that way if Roxy blows a gasket, it doesn’t blow the show.”
We nod at each other and set out to get the job done.  Crush alerts us when he knows it’s the second last song in their set.  “Shit, you guys!  Time’s up!” 
We’re doing last minute things to pull this prank.  Even our stage and road crew are helping with the finishing touches.  
“Quick! Get in!” I say to Crush, almost hissing.  We’ve never pulled a stunt like this, and we’re almost giddy with anticipation.  When the four of us are inside the makeshift costume, which is four cardboard boxes, with plastic strapping from the cardboard cartons that carried some of our equipment, stapled to the tops.  We’re wearing the cartons like overalls, using the strapping as shoulder straps…oh yeah…and we’re all naked underneath.
The four of us walk on the stage, starting from behind Cruz, being careful to come out after his solo, and he sees us.  The grin on his face is priceless.  We hear the audience laughing, catching on, as we weave in and out of their stage equipment and each band member, including Roxy, who I stay well away from. I can’t see the expression on her face, but Blaze, Roxy’s bassist and backup singer, makes a comment.  “At least they wore cardboard boxes.”
As we weave our way around to the other side of the stage and exit, I’m laughing so hard, I can barely trot quickly off.  “Holy fuck that was wild!” I’m laughing.
“We nailed it!” Slick chuckles.  “Best sixty seconds I ever spent naked without a woman!”
“Did you see Roxy’s face?” Crush asks, snuffling.  “She looked like she was going to slice us in two just with her gaze.”
“Yeah, if looks could kill.” Slick adds.  “But she’ll get over it. At least we waited until the end of their set.”
“I hope the camera dudes caught us, man.” Zane says. “That was epic, and it’ll go great on video with Cruz’s prank, too.”
“Oh yeah, they caught us, I’m sure.” I agree, as we head into the green room and get dressed. We decide to keep the boxes, just in case we ever want to pull another prank. “What do you guys think about asking these guys if they want to tour with us?”
“You mean when our album gets released?” Slick asks.
“Sure, yeah.  I mentioned it to Cruz earlier, as sort of an incentive, so I thought I’d bounce it off you guys.”
“I’m game.” Slick frowns.  “So long as Cruz sticks around.”
“What if he doesn’t and they get some hot chick to take his place?” Zane teases.
“Tour with two chicks?” Slick clarifies.  “That could get real.”
“You wouldn’t fuck them though, man, that’s a bad idea.” Crush suggests. “What if it doesn’t work out, and you end up stuck with the chick for the rest of the tour?”
“Yeah, that’s true.” Slick agrees.  “But chances are Cruz will stick.  And Roxy…hell, I wouldn’t sleep with her if she was the last chick on the planet.”
Crush high fives Slick.  “Here here.”
Zane frowns.  “She’s pretty hot. I’d do her.”
“You’re out of your mind, man.” Slick scoffs.  “You can have any groupie you want.  Stay away from that psycho.”
“She’s not a psycho, man.” I argue, good-naturedly.  “She just needs to lay off the coke and the sauce.  Not unlike anyone else.  She just doesn’t handle it well.”
“I don’t do any of that shit unless it’s a wicked party.” Slick says.  “I can’t sing worth a shit if I’m on any of that.”
“I hear ya, man.  I’m the same.” I say, clapping him on the back.  I don’t look at Crush or Zane, because I know that they’re guilty of dabbling sometimes when we’re performing.  But they keep it on the Q-T and can handle it, so I never say anything.  It is, after all, a way of life for most rockers.  Fact is, Slick and I are exceptions to the rule.
Roxy’s road manager comes out of the office. His face is still set like stone.  “Hey, man.  You need a beer or something?  You look fucking pissed off.” I say, taking a risk, since I don’t know the guy.  But what the fuck…what’s the worst that could happen?
“You got any?” he scoffs.  “Roxy and Stix drank our entire stash before they went on stage.”
Slick goes into the cooler by the table in the green room, where we’re hanging around, and checks.  “Yeah, we’ve got a few in here, man.” He takes one out and tosses it.  “Hey, I don’t even know your fucking name, man.” 
“It’s Ron.” He says, catching the beer.  “Hey, thanks.”
“No problem.” Slick sees Jim and whistles, grabbing his attention as he trots by the green room.  “Yo, Jim!”
Jim’s head appears at the door. “Yo!”
“Hey, man, go grab us some more beers.  Seems we’re out.”
“Sure.  Give me ten.” He says, patting the doorjamb.
I grab a plastic cup from on top of the cooler and fill it with water, downing it in a matter of five gulps.  When I’m done, I put the cup down on the cooler.  “So, what’s the deal, dude?  You looked like your best friend died when you were on that phone call.”
Ron’s gaze lowers.  “Ah, politics and shit.  You know how it is.”
“All too well, my friend.  All too well.” I agree.  “Anything we can help with?”
“Nah, not really.” He admits, looking in the direction of the stage.  “I’ve got my hands full with this bunch.”
We hear a raucous coming in from the back.  “Shit, we better get out of here, before we’re trampled by the next band.” I say.  “This place is about to become a zoo.”
Ron waves.  “Na, these guys show up and leave.  They zipped through their soundcheck like it was a race.  They’ve been around the block a few times.” He chuckles.  The band has been around since before I was born, so they know what they’re doing.  “Hell, I think they were goddamn airlifted here if I’m not mistaken.”
We hear the next band in the dressing room, and it sounds like they’re already warming up.  Ron wasn’t kidding.  “Hey, Roxy and the guys really nailed it tonight, huh.” Zane says, changing the subject.  “We were listening while we were getting ready to go on.”
Ron lifts a brow.
“You disagree?” I ask.
Ron draws in a deep breath.  “It’s not what I agree on or disagree.” Buying Time is with Crass Records, the same recording company as us.  “You know that with Crass, it’s all about sales, man.”
“What, so, they’re not up to snuff?” I ask, and he’s about to answer, when Roxy and the guys come into the green room.  They don’t have any meet and greets, either.  We have some before the second show, but not tonight.  I think the promoters worked it that way to keep a nice flow to the performances.  Cruz high fives Ron while Stix grabs a beer from the cooler, and Blaze takes his soaking wet shirt off, changes it, and grabs a beer.  Roxy takes the beer that Stix tosses her way and downs it.  
“Chas is on his way.” Ron says to Roxy.  “Should be here any minute.”
Roxy lifts a brow but is otherwise nonplussed.  “What’s he want?”
“Who’s Chas?” Slick asks.
“Our manager.” Cruz answers.  “And the guy is always such a fucking ray of sunshine.” He says facetiously.
“What does he want this time?” Roxy asks again, draining her beer.
Ron just lifts his hands in the air and walks away, not saying a word.
Despite the rock concert that awaits, you can hear a pin drop in the green room.

Chapter 4
Roxy
The set went great, except for when those idiots from Wired decided to sabotage our last song.  To make matters worse, our asshole manager is on his way here.  He’s never here. The guy is like the dude from Charlie’s Angels.  He has only ever shown up to one show, and that was because one of the chicks he has a hard-on for was opening for us.  It’s amazing how quickly a dude will show up when he has even a minute chance of getting tail.  I’m not in the mood to deal with his attitude, but Ron says that he’s on his way, so I best paste on my happy face and keep my tongue in my mouth, so I don’t spit on him.
We’re in the office when he makes his appearance.  He smells like a cheap taxi driver with his cologne that probably costs less than a dollar.  You would think that with the money he makes, that he could cough up some dough, so he at least smells decent.  His haircut matches his cologne.  Looks like one of his whores chopped it with dog clippers.  “Hey, Chas.” I say, rising, giving him the half second of manners that he deserves.
“Roxy.” He says perfunctorily, giving me a nod.  The guys shake his hand, looking like chastised schoolboys.  
Ron shakes his hand, too, and invites him to take a seat at the desk.  We’re all sitting in the cheap metal chairs scattered around the room.  Cruz sits back-to-front in one, the way that he always sits.  He leans his chin on the back of the chair.  “So, what’s shaking, Chas?  What brings you here?”
Chas declines the seat being offered, preferring to stand, which makes me nervous.  It’s like he’s about to drop a bomb and run.  He draws in a deep breath and crosses his arms over his chest.  Then he says something that makes me want to puke.  “The boys over at Crass want to drop your deal.”
My eyes widen.  “What?”
He lifts a hand.  “Yeah, I know, it’s a shock.”
Cruz rises.  “But our contract isn’t even up yet.”
“I know.  Look, this was just as much of a shock to me.” Chas says.  
“Can they even do that?” Stix asks.
“Break the contract?” Chas nods.  “Yeah.  They can do anything they want.  You can sue them, if you like, but with the revenue that you guys are earning, good luck with that. You can’t compete with a huge record company when you’re only earning what you are.”
I sigh, feeling tears prick the backs of my eyes, but I swallow them.  “Why…why do they want to dump us?  We’re out here, our records are selling…what’s the problem?”
Another deep breath.  “Your sales have dwindled more and more with each release, Roxy.  You all know that.” He reasons.  “I’m surprised that they haven’t said anything until now to be perfectly honest.”
“But chick rock stars are hot, man.  That’s our edge.” Stix says, and Cruz nods his agreement.
“Not a chick with a huge booze and coke habit.” Chas says honestly.  “It doesn’t look good.  With artists like Cyndi Lauper, Madonna, hell, even Alannah Myles is clean.  You don’t fit the bill anymore, and it shows.”
“What the fuck…Joan Jett’s not clean.” I argue.
“One artist.  And she’s got it under control, and it works for her for some reason.  It doesn’t work for you and your sales prove it.  Joan Jett is racking in shitloads more than you, Roxy.”
“Fine.” I spit.  “So, we’re out.” I scoff.
“Not…necessarily…yet.” Chas stammers.
We all look at him.
“Spit it out, Chas.  What sort of dance have we got to do for these assholes over at Crass.” Stix demands.
Chas looks at me.  “You got to get cleaned up.” He licks his lips, pacing his words.  “And you’ve got to produce a hit record.  If neither of those two things happens, you’re out.  I had to all but give these guys my first born and get on my hands and knees and fucking beg, so that’s it.” He cuts the air with his hand.  “You got to go to rehab. Like…now.  And you guys need to grind out a hit album, better than the first one…or you’re done.”
I laugh without a trace of mirth.  “How the fuck am I supposed to make a hit record if I’m drying out, man?  And we haven’t had a hit record since our first album.”
Chas looks at me pointedly.  “You think I don’t know that.” His tone is direct.  “Look, you’re in rehab for thirty days, Roxy.  Then you have a month to work on your album.  And you haven’t had a release in a year, so by their calculations, you should be ready to go.”
My palm hits my forehead. “A month!  Shit, we worked on that first album for three months!”
“Yeah, but we had a lot of those songs already written, Rox.” Stix says.  The boys exchange a look, like they’re all in agreement of something.  Sure, we’ve been dicking around for a while, not jamming or practicing much.  And fine, we’ve been partying a little too much, but we were never given a fucking deadline, so how were we supposed to know?”
“Go ahead.  Point the fingers at me.” I say, nodding, goading them.  “I’m the problem.” I can see Cruz’s jaw muscles working.  He’s dying to say something, so I spur him on.  “What?” I bark at him.
“Roxy, Crass is right.  We can do a lot better.  Take it or leave it but the problem is you and your fucking lack of focus.  You don’t like that, you don’t accept that, I’ll walk.”
“You’ll walk?” I ask snidely.  “I fucking made you, you asshole.”
Stix lifts a hand.  “Rox, look, we’re all shocked over this.  Let’s not make it worse.”
“Since when do you have an opinion on this?” I sneer.  “You’re the one in there bumping up the fucking lines for me, you asshole!”
“So you’re saying that this is my fault.” He asks, nodding, jaws working like Cruz’s.  “I’m not telling you to snort it, telling you to down the booze, am I?”
“Like you’re so fucking innocent.” I hiss.
“Guys.” Ron lifts a hand.  “We’re just making it worse.  Roxy, we’ll get you into rehab, and these guys will start pounding out tunes.  I’m sure you have some already worked on, don’t you?”
Blaze nods.  “Yeah, we have a few, but nothing solid yet.  We haven’t really jammed them out entirely.  Just some licks from Cruz and I, and a little bit of lyrics peppered here and there.  It’ll take some doing, but we can put something together.”
Chas nods, jaws still working.  “Make sure it’s not just something…make sure it’s something else.”

***

I’m sitting in the dressing room, given the warning from my bandmates to keep my nose out of the snow before the show, and I look at Stix.  “Are you going to bail on me…bump out a line or two?”
He frowns, shaking his head.  “I don’t need to.  I’ll miss doing it with you, but it’s cool.  It was always one of our things.” He smirks.  “Feel like doing another one of our things before the show?”
I scoff, knowing that he’s teasing, trying to lighten things.  “Yeah, sure.  Fuck me up against the wall.”
He tousles my hair.  “I’ll be out at soundcheck.” He lifts a finger.  “Behave.”
“I have to. You have my stash.”
He smiles and kisses my forehead.  “You good to warm up in here?”
“Yeah.” I nod.  It feels weird.  I’m ready to break something I’m so hopped up on…what, I don’t know.  I haven’t had a hit today and the adrenaline is pumping through my veins.  I want a beer to loosen up, but I’ve been warned about that, too.  They emptied the fridge, refilling it with non-alcoholic home brew shit, and just the smell of it makes me want to heave.  The guys like it, so I’ll live with it, as much as I feel like taking a bottle of it and throwing it against the wall.
“Hey,” I hear from the hallway.  It’s Jett, the guitarist from Wired.  They’re on after us this time, and they just finished their soundcheck.  “Aren’t you supposed to be in soundcheck?  We just wrapped up, so you’re good to go.”
“Yeah.” I answer, wanting to punch him. Why, I don’t know.  He’s too fucking nice, and I feel like he’s one of those guys who is nice until he gets you in the sack.  
“You cool?” he asks, leaning on the doorjamb.  His faggot roadie is behind him, and he gestures that he’ll be on stage.
“Yes, I’m fucking cool.” I sneer.
“Man, do you have a temper.” He sighs, exasperated.
“Yeah, well, so do a lot of people.”
“Hey, what did your manager want?  Ron…your road manager seemed pretty unsettled that he showed up.”
“If I told you I’d have to kill you, loser.”
“Anything serious?”
“You just don’t give up, do you?”
“No, not really.” He plays along.  “But that’s why I’m in a successful band.” 
The way he says it, it sounds like he’s poking fun at me, and I lose it.  I get up off the table that I’m sitting on, and I lunge at him.  But I don’t get far.  Jett is a full head taller than me, and he’s got about a hundred pounds on me.  All he does is grab me by my middle and pull me close to him.  “There.” He says.  “That’s more what you need.”
“Fuck you.” I sneer, pushing him away.  “You and your little performance at the end of our show was a dick move.” I say, punching him in the gut.  But he expects it, so he flexes his muscles and grabs my hand.
“Oh, are you still angry about that?” he chuckles, releasing the hand that I pull away.  “I figured you’d be a little upset, but the audience loved it when Cruz bombed through our performance, so I thought maybe we’d return the favor.”
My eyes are slit.  My voice is a hiss.  “You’re such an asshole.”
“I bet you think everyone’s an asshole.”
“Yeah.” I scoff.  “Pretty much.”
“All this anger…you know where it comes from?” he asks, going to the fridge, grabbing one of those disgusting non-alcoholic beers that some idiot made with a cheap kit in his basement.
“What are you, a therapist?”
“No.” he tilts his head, almost playfully, making me want to hit him.  Everything is a goddamn joke to this asshole. “How about a friend?”
“You’re no friend of mine.” I scoff.
“Who is?  Who is Roxy’s friend?” he asks, almost jokingly.
“Nobody.” 
“Is that what you think?  Really?  How about the coke and the booze?  Are they your friends?”
“Fuck you.”
I notice that he hasn’t opened the beer.  He’s holding it in his hands. He takes a step towards me and hands it to me.  “I don’t want that.” I scoff.  “It’s that fucking non-alcoholic shit.”
“What’s that doing in there?” he chuckles.
“None of your fucking business.” I say, anger dripping from my voice.  He picks up on how much that bothers me. He divides his glance between both my eyes.  I look away.
“You’re off the sauce.” He says.  “So that’s what your irises look like.” 
“Fuck you.”
“God, you’re angry with or without it, man.” He observes, handing me the beer.  “Here.  Throw this shit against the wall.  You’ll feel better.”
My chest heaves as I stare at the bottle.  He’s right.  I’m so fucking angry I could skin the sonofabitch alive.  I take one more breath and chuck the bottle against the wall, listening to it smash, watching the brownish shards of glass land on the floor, as the yellowish/brownish froth and liquid oozes down the wall.  It’s satisfying.  Very satisfying.  As I stand there, watching the mess, he’s getting me more bottles from the fridge.  “Here.  Have another go.”  He says, offering me another bottle.
I chuck it against the wall, listening to the smash, and I feel a smile come across my face.  Jett hands me a third bottle, and I heave it against the wall, as my chest heaves up and down.  As I stand there, feeling a weird sense of relief, I look over at Jett, and he gives me a warm smile.  “Feel better?”
I shake my head in disbelief.  I answer breathlessly.  “A hundred times fucking better.”
We’re silent for a beat.  Then he says fairly.  “You want to tell me what happened with your manager?  He tell you to cut the sauce or else?”
I nod. Not sure why, but I do.  “Yeah.” I lick my lips, catching my breath.  “If I don’t, we walk.”
“Jesus.” He says, with as much shock as me and the rest of my band felt.  “Can they even do that?  When is your contract up?”
I shake my head.  “Doesn’t matter.  They’re a huge record company.”
“Bull fucking shit, Roxy.” He argues.  “You have rights, goddammit.”
“Not enough.  Not when we’re not selling enough records.” I explain.  “And if I don’t come out on the other side and give them a hit record, we walk, too.”
“Classic Crass.” Jett says.  “That’s why we didn’t want to sign with them.”
My eyes dart to his.  “You’re with Crass, too?”
“Yeah.” He nods.  “That’s one of the reasons why we didn’t want to sign with them, but they offered us the best deal.  We had an offer from Blue Records, too, but Terry and Roy, our producer and engineer, they’re with Crass, and we just…didn’t want to risk going with someone else.”
“You had two recording companies give you an offer?” 
“It’s a long story.” He says humbly.
“Yeah, I’m sure.” I scoff.
He changes the subject after a beat. “So, what are you going to do?”
“What else can I do?” I pause.  “Go to fucking rehab, dry up, and then make the most kickass album I can, so I don’t let anyone down.”
“And I think with your voice and drive, you can totally do it, Roxy.” He says honestly.
I stare at the floor. 
“You know Storm?  From the band Daniel’s List?”
I look up at him.  “Never met the guy, but yeah, I know who you’re talking about.”
“He was real fucked up with the drugs…like…bad.”
“Really?  I never knew that.”
“How the hell he managed to keep it quiet, I don’t know.” He explains.  “But he and I are really good friends.  He made it.  Got through the rehab.” He pauses for emphasis.  “He’s one of the reasons why I stay away from that shit.  I saw what he went through.  I went to see him almost every day while he was in treatment.”
“How do you two know each other?”
“He was best friends with my older brother in high school.  I knew him from going to see him when he used to do local gigs and stuff.  He used to sneak me in when I was underage.  Used to put me on the V.I.P. list under an alias.” He smiles.  “Good guy.”
“How come you said ‘was’?  Is your brother not best friends with him anymore?”
Jett looks at me.  “No.  No, my brother stopped talking to him when he started hitting the drugs hard.”  He licks his lips.  “It’s right around the time when he stopped talking to me, too.”
“Your brother?”
“Yeah.”
“How come he stopped talking to you?”
“Because he didn’t want to associate with anyone who associated with drugs like that.  And I figured he was being an asshole.  It’s a flaw.  Everyone has at least one flaw.”
“So you don’t talk to your brother still?”
“It’s more like he doesn’t talk to me.  I’d never turn my back on him. If he called me tomorrow and wanted to come see me or come see a show, I’d get him in.”
“How come?”
He looks at me.  “Because I don’t believe in throwing people away like that.  You know.  Humans aren’t built to be perfect, and if you keep treating people like they’re disposable, you’re going to end up alone.  That’s a huge fear of mine.  That’s one of the reasons why I love being in a band, and one of the reasons why I love traveling and doing shows, and meeting people and fans and cats in the industry.  I don’t ever want to be alone.”
I’m silent, digesting what he’s just said.  “Most of the time I just want to be alone.  Most of the time I want to tell people just to fuck the hell off and leave me alone.”
“Between you and me I think that’s just because you’re going through some shit right now.  I don’t think anyone ever truly wants to be alone.  We all need support for different things.  We all need to have people around us, especially in this industry, where you have to basically have a team to crank out hit tunes professionally.”
“No, I just want to be alone.  Like a-fucking-lone, all the time.” I say, feeling irritated again.  “Especially people like you.” 
“How come?”
“You come off all friendly and helpful and shit, but at the end of the day, people like that always want something from you.  They want to fuck you literally or in some other way.”
“Well, I don’t want to fuck you.” He says matter-of-factly.  “And I don’t think any of my band members or yours want to fuck you, either.”
“Stix does.  He always wants to fuck me.”
“And do you let him?”
“That’s none of your fucking business.”
“I’ll take that as a yes.”
I look at him and smile mirthlessly. “See?  Now you’re being an asshole again.”
“I’m not being an asshole, I just read you right, and that pisses you off.”
“You don’t know me.  You don’t know a fucking thing about me, you asshole.”
“I know that your lead guitarist is ready to walk.”
“Fuck you.”
“See?  You knew that, too, didn’t you.”
“No, I didn’t, asshole.”
“But you do, now, and I suggest that you stop being so fucking stubborn and start realizing that your bandmates fucking love you, and they’re your friends.  And the sooner you accept that, the better off you’ll be, sweetheart.”
“Fuck you.”
He lifts his hands, walking away, but he doesn’t leave before adding.  “And whether you like it or not, me and my bandmates are your friends, too, so take that.”
“Fuck you.”
“Have fun in rehab, Roxy.”

Chapter 5
Jett
She’s tough as nails.  She’s got the chops to do what needs to be done here.  She just needs to refocus.  Get back on track.  Get her head back on straight.  And I believe that Roxy can do it, too.  The fact that she’s willing to go to rehab, and the fact that she doesn’t want to let anyone down, is telling.  As much as she comes off like she doesn’t give a shit, she does.  A whole lot.  I can hear her performance as we hang in the green room, doing our warmup, and I know that that woman is a fighter.  
I remember when Storm went on stage right before he went to rehab.  Couldn’t focus to save his life.  He forgot half the lyrics to songs that he wrote, and his tone was completely off the whole time.  Told me he’d never perform again sober.  He’d never known anything else.  And one of his bandmates caught him snorting up halfway through the show, too.  He was a hot mess, and he knew it. But even after all that, he still got through rehab and made it back on stage. 
“Alright!  Are we ready to rumble!” Slick shouts, revving us up to go on stage.  He’s the best at this part.  We do something cool to get pumped up, whether it be singing a song we all know that boosts our adrenaline, doing hand gestures and games, cheers, chants, you name it, Slick comes up with something super energy-inducing, and we do it.  Tonight, we’re in a makeshift ring, playfighting.  It’s great.  When we’re all sufficiently energized, our stage manager calls us up.
I know that Roxy’s band did well because of the energy in the audience.  They always put on a great show, but tonight, we didn’t pull any stunts.  Of course, that doesn’t mean that Cruz won’t disrobe and dance across the stage again, but we’ll see what happens.  It’s nighttime for this round, so we’ve got the added bonus of lighting to accompany our performance, and it’s fantastic.  We include a little bit of fireworks at the back of the show, right before we do our last song and then another huge bang before we gather at the front of the stage to join hands and say goodbye.  
It’s bittersweet.  We won’t be on stage again until our next tour, and that’s kind of up in the air at this point.  But I really do want to tour with Buying Time.  I think that chemistry between bands is important when touring together, and we seem to get along great.  We get backstage to meet some fans, just like before the show, and I look around for Buying Time, but I don’t see them.  “Hey, where did everyone go?” I ask when we finally get to the green room.
“You mean Roxy’s gang?” Jim, my roadie, asks.
“Yeah.”
“They left already.  Just their crew is here for teardown.” He explains.
“Shit.”
“What’s up?”
“I just…I wanted to get in touch with them.”
“Call Crass.  They can hook you up.” He frowns.
“Sure.  Yeah.  I’ll ask Ron to reach out.”

***

“So, you want to tour with her, even though she’s on the chopping block?” Slick asks.
I frown. “She’ll pull through.”
“That’s quite a gamble, man.” Zane says.  “What if she doesn’t?  Do we not want to have a backup plan?”
I shrug.  “Well, sure, we can have a backup.  That would be stupid. We always have a backup.”
We’re at my place, winding down after rehearsing some of our new tunes, while we wait for the record company to give us a date when we can go on tour.  
“But we’ll have to push our date out some.” Slick reminds.  “If Roxy’s going to rehab, we have to wait until she gets out first.”
“Yeah, and then I heard that she’s on a deadline for a new album, so we’ve got to wait for that, too.” Crush adds.
“Where did you hear that from?” I ask.
Crush waves.  “I fucked around with one of her press reps a couple nights ago.”
I chuckle.  “You are something else.”
“What?” Crush shrugs.  “She was fucking hot and she wanted me.”
“And you didn’t want her?” I tease.
“Hell ya, I wanted her.” He admits, growling.  “I’m seeing her again tonight.”
Slick changes the subject.  “We have to tell Crass that we’ll need to push our tour date back.  You think they’ll be cool with that?”
“I think so.  If not, we can always start with a newer band and then ditch them when Roxy and her crew are ready to roll.”
“Won’t that fuck with the promoters?”
“No, not really.  Lots of bands do that.” I shrug.
“Any word on Roxy?” Crush asks.  
“I don’t know.” I say honestly.  “I talked to Ron yesterday. He told me where she’s staying.”
“You going to go pay her a visit?” Slick asks.
“Yeah, I think so.” I nod.  “You guys cool with that?”
“Totally.” Slick says, and the rest of the guys nod.
Zane smirks at me.  “Wear the cardboard box.”

***

As I pull up to the rehab center, I grab the bouquet of flowers from the passenger’s seat. It’s cheesy, I know, but I hate showing up anywhere empty-handed.  My mother instilled in me years ago to always bring something, no matter where I’m going.  Hell, I even bring cigars or little treat items when we go to the recording studio.  Poor Jim is always running around grabbing shit for me if I’m not throwing on my baseball cap and sunglasses, picking up things myself.  Ron told me that Roxy’s only been in rehab for a couple of days, so I know that she’ll be as bitchy as ever, and she may even be sick.  So I know what to expect.
The place looks like a hospital, only a little more institutional, like a library.  There are two floors, and the second floor has windows with bars across them, even though they’re done in such a way that it looks decorative, I know the difference.  There are nurses at the front desk, in smocks, and one of them takes me to the room where Roxy is.  The hallways are lined with industrial grade carpeting, and the walls are painted institutional white.  The doors look like those you would find in a high school, only they’re metal, and they have a tiny window cut out of the upper half.
I knock first before entering, but Roxy sees my face from the other side of the door, and I open it.  She doesn’t get up.  Roxy is wearing a pair of grey jogging pants and a white, v-neck t-shirt, with fluffy white socks, and her long black hair is tied up in a messy bun with tendrils hanging out the sides.  She’s sitting on her bed with her knees up to her chin, and her face is so pale it looks like she’s recently puked or something.  Even her lips look pale and dry.  Her bed is tucked into the left-hand corner, and she has a television hanging on the wall by a metal bracket.  The room is so tiny I think prison cells are bigger.  A small t-shaped table is rolled to the side of her bed, with remnants of whatever breakfast was, still sitting on it.
“Hey.” I say, giving her a tight smile.
“Didn’t expect to see you here.” she comments, and I detect a quiver in her voice, like she really did just puke moments ago. The tiny two-piece bathroom is at the bottom of the room, and sure enough, the toilet lid is up, so unless they were just in to clean, she was sick.
“Ron told me where you were.  Thought I’d pay you a visit.” I say, placing her flowers on the table.  “How are you doing?”
“Fucking wonderful. You?” she asks snidely, smoothing her hair, and I see that her hands are shaking.
“Anything I can do to help?”
She scoffs.  “What the fuck is it with you?  No, there’s not a fucking thing you or anyone can do to fucking help me.”
“I’ve got some shitty beer bottles in the car.” I joke.  “Feel like tossing some against the wall?  Looks like it would be an improvement.”
She just scoffs, playing with a tendril of hair.  Then she sniffs.
“Were you sick?” I ask gently.
“Fucking food here sucks.” She answers.  “I can’t eat it.  Every time I do I puke.”
“You want me to go get you something better?”
She closes her eyes tight and sticks her hand out.  “Please. No.  Please don’t talk about food.” It’s the first time she’s ever spoken to me without that cutting tone in her voice.
“No problem.” I say, giving her knee a rub.
She flinches. “God, and whatever you do, don’t fucking touch me.  My skin is on fire.”
“Okay.  Sorry.” I say gently, noticing the beads of sweat on her forehead.
“Man, you really are burning up.  Did you have your temperature checked recently?  Maybe you are sick.”
She waves.  “It’s just the fucking withdrawal.” She explains.  “It’s doing heavy shit to my body.  Now I know why…oh…fuck, never mind.” She says, irritated. Her hands are shaking so bad she can’t seem to get comfortable.  She’s jittery and…almost nervous.  
I notice a notebook on the table.  “What’s that?” I gesture with my chin.
“Oh, that.” She sniffs and reaches, with effort, to grab the book.  “I’ve been writing some song lyrics. It’s the only thing I can fucking do without going out of my mind.” She explains, and then she looks at me pointedly, with the ghost of a smile on her face.  “Did you know how much television fucking sucks?” 
I smile. “Why do you think I play guitar?”
She opens the book to a spot and shows me the page.  I read through it and look at her.  “This is fucking awesome.  Are you thinking a hard tune or something acoustic maybe?”
“I’m not sure yet.  I’d like to flesh it out on a keyboard first, or maybe a guitar.  Guitar works best for me first.”
“I can relate.” 
She smiles a little.  It’s nice to see.  Roxy’s got these little dimples in her cheeks.  Never noticed them before. Then, this is the first time I think I’ve ever seen her smile.  Then I read through the lyrics again and look at her.  “This thing about ‘his gaze’…it’s not about a lover, is it.”
“No.” she shakes her head.  
It takes me a minute.  “This is about your father.”
“Yeah.” She nods.  
“Is he…?” I trail off.
“Yeah.” Another nod.  “I was sixteen.”
My voice is a whisper.  “Fuck…off.”
She doesn’t respond. Her eyes are on the paper.  “That part about the shadow…you think it’s not subtle enough that it’s him and his little girl?”
I look at the paper again and re-read it.  “No, I think that’s good.”
She scratches her head.  “Too bad you didn’t bring a guitar.”
“Next time.” I nod once.
She looks at me. “Yeah.  Like you’ll come back.  Not after seeing me like this.”
“It’s just you, Roxy.” I say casually.  “You want me to come back, I will.”
“Stix was by yesterday.” She says, then she turns her head, and I’m not sure if she’s stifling a laugh or trying not to cry, or maybe she’s going to puke again.  “I begged the motherfucker to give me a hit.  He wouldn’t.”
“I told you they’re your friends.”
“If he was my fucking friend, he would have given me something.” She blurts, but the tone in her voice says that she knows that I’m right.
“You’ll get through this.” I say, and then I change the subject.  “What else have you been working on?”
That seems to help.  She flips the page, and I notice that the book is old and tattered, and almost out of sheets, so I make a mental note to pick her another one up.  “Read this one.” She says, patting the page.  “This I think will make a heavier song, with serious screeching vocals.” She says animatedly, like she’s picturing it in her head right now.  The passion in her voice is palpable, and I love it.
After reading through it, I shake my head.  “You are so fucking talented I’m almost jealous.”
“Fuckoff.” She says, but with a smile, and the tone is more mellow, like she’s saying, ‘get outta town’.
“I’m serious.  There’s a reason why your first hit went to number one, Roxy.”
“Yeah.” She says, but I sense that she only believes it halfway.  Then she swallows and gets this weird look on her face.  “Fuck.” She says, covering her mouth. She scoots quickly off the bed and heads into the washroom.  When she doesn’t close the door, and I see her going headfirst into the toilet, I go to her.  After a few quick retches, she’s done.  Her chest is heaving from exertion. I grab the facecloth from the sink and wet it under the tap.  Then I place it on her neck and drape the tendrils of hair from the sides of her face, over her ears.
“You okay?”
“No, I’m not fucking okay.” She says, her voice quivers.  Her body is trembling, and then she does something I don’t expect…she starts to sob.  “I feel like shit, I look like shit, I’m alone, I’m dying for a hit, I’m starving but I want to puke, and I want like hell to go home but I can’t. I’m stuck in this fucking hell hole for twenty-seven more days, and I think I’d rather die than be here.”
I’m scared to touch her, based on what she said earlier, so I go for safe and place a hand on her shoulder.  “Hey, you said that you’re alone. Don’t you like being alone?”
Another sob. This time with her eyes tightly shut. “No.”
“But I thought you said that you wished everyone would just leave you alone.”
“I lied, okay?” she shouts.  “I fucking lied!”
“It’s okay.” I say, trying to sound as soothing as I can.  My hand goes to her back, as I give it a gentle rub, and she doesn’t flinch, so I think it’s okay.  I keep rubbing softly, and she seems to calm.  “It’s okay to lie sometimes, Roxy.  Hell, I lie all the time. ‘Yeah, you look good in that pleather pants suit, Slick’, or, ‘no, she doesn’t look like she just broke out of the whore house, Crush’, or better, ‘I wouldn’t touch you with a ten-foot pole, Roxy’.” I add, giving her a wink, rubbing her back with obvious vigor.
She scoffs, but this time, with a smile.  “You’re such an asshole.”

***

I’m home, fucking around with my guitar, working on a few licks, thinking I’ll go see Roxy in about an hour, when I hear the intercom from my front gate buzz.  “Yo!” I say into the intercom.
“Yo, it’s Stix, man.  Lemme in.”
“Sure.  Come on in.”
I push the button to open the electronic gate and walk outside.  Stix drives a truck, relatively new, and very shiny from a recent buff and polish.  He exits the truck and walks over.  We shake hands.  “How’s it going, man?” I say to him.
“Excellent.” He says.  “Been working on some musical shit with the guys while our Roxy convalesces.”
“Sounds great, man. Come on in.” I say, gesturing to the front door.  My house has a triple car garage and is large enough for a small recording studio. We don’t record much here, but it’s nice to have for recording my licks.  It makes the album creating process all that much easier and faster.  I’m always trying new things on my axe, and I try to record as much of the good stuff as I can.  “I’m just going to visit Roxy in an hour or so.”
“Yeah, I was there a couple of days ago.  I’m going to go back tomorrow, I think, but it’s causing me some problems with the old lady.”
I look at him, confused.  “I thought Roxy was your old lady.”
He waves.  “Nah.  We fuck around every now and then, but not since I met this chick I’ve been seeing for about a month.”
“Oh yah?  Cool.  Does Roxy know about her?”
He nods.  “Yeah.  She doesn’t like her, but then, Roxy doesn’t like anybody.” He chuckles.
I smile.  “Hey, did she show you some of the shit she’s writing?”
He nods.  “Yeah.  I just wish like hell that we could jam it out.  Roxy’s always got great ideas.  It’s just getting her sober enough to fucking work on it seriously.”
“I get it.” I nod.  “Hopefully that won’t be a problem anymore.”
He tilts his head slightly.  “Yeah.”
“Hey, that tune she wrote about her dad, what’s the story there?”
Stix rests his chin on his interlaced hands.  “Oh, she’ll never say.  I found out by accident when some fucking reporter asked her about it.  She nearly fucking punched him, but I caught her before it happened.”
“What happened?”
“Roxy’s dad and she were real close.  Best friends.  He was a fucking awful alcoholic.  Used to beat her mom and all.  Then he got arrested for something stupid and was told that he had to go to rehab.” He pauses, and his voice softens.  “He offed himself a week before he was supposed to go.”
“Holy fuck.” I murmur, shaking my head.  “And she was sixteen when this happened, right?”
He nods.  “Yeah.”
“Jesus.”
“What made it worse…her mom remarried a year later.” He shakes his head.  “Roxy and her mom don’t speak.”
“So addiction runs in her family.”
“Yeah.  Roxy moved out when her mom remarried.  Started playing in high school.”
“When did she start using?”
“Oh, she’s been using for a long time, man.  It’s just snowballed.  Got worse when the second album didn’t live up to the first and so on.  I saw this coming if I’m being honest.”
“And were you and Roxy ever serious?”
He cranes his neck.  “What, are you, nuts?  Roxy doesn’t let anyone get that close.  We just fucked around when she had the appetite for it.  But that always came after the coke and the booze.”
“And this chick you’re with now…does she know about you and Roxy?”
“There’s nothing to know, man, but yeah, she knows I used to fuck her.  It’s not a problem.” He shrugs.  Then he changes the subject.  “It’s crazy about this record deal, huh.”
“Yeah.  But you guys will pull through.”
He looks at me.  “You think so?”
“You don’t?”
He shakes his head.  “I don’t know, man.  It’s hard to say.  I want it to.  But the problem is time.  We haven’t got a lot of it.”
I look at him pointedly.  “Then you’ve got to work with what have.”

***

Her hair is in a ponytail today, and her lips don’t look all dry and chapped, but she’s still pale as hell.  “Hey,” I say as soon as she gestures to me to come in.  A smile comes to her face when she sees what I brought with me…a guitar.  “Well, that sure is nice to see.”
“What?”
“A smile.”
She waves.  “Oh, man.  I never thought I’d be so happy to see one of those things again.”
“I figured you’d say that.  I thought we’d flesh out some of these tunes for a while.”
“Let’s do it.” She says, grabbing her notepad.  I have a bag in hand, and inside, is a new notepad, a few pens, a tape recorder, and a box of anti-nauseant ginger chewables that came highly recommended by my pregnant sister-in-law.  My brother might not talk to me, but my sister-in-law does, and always has.  It was because of her that I attended their wedding.
I hand her the new notepad and pens.  “Figured you could use another one.  That other one is almost finished.”
“I’ve had this one forever.  I’m never throwing it out.”
“I wouldn’t suggest it.  Just, you’re going to run out of room, and if you’ve got a creative bug, that’s going to be a problem.”
She opens the notebook, and I notice an inscription on the inside cover.  It was a gift from her dad.
“No, you’re right.” She chuckles, showing me the inside of her palm.  “I thought of some stuff this morning and I had to write it on my hand.”
I chuckle.  “Jesus, Roxy.  Get that down here now, before it gets smeared the next time you take a shit.”
She snorts a laugh. It sounds amazing.  I don’t think I’ve ever heard her laugh before.  I sit on the bed next to her and start with a simple lick, since it is an acoustic guitar, not an electric one, and she tells me how to adjust it, so it fits with the sound of the song that she had in mind. When we’ve got it, I hit record on the machine, and she starts to sing.  The passion in this woman’s voice and face is unreal.  Roxy loves to sing and it’s so evident.  She’s almost glowing.
I love how her voice is rough in the spots where it fits, yet soft, like a child’s, in other spots.  Angelic but with an edge.  It’s beautiful.  When we finish the song, I realize that we’ve both had our eyes closed almost the entire time, and when I stop the recording, a look is exchanged, like we both know that that was it.  It’s perfect.  “Fuck, that was awesome.” She says.  “It was like…so clear…so on the money.”
“It was, Roxy.” I lick my lips.  “When a song hits the spot in me, I get goosebumps.” I explain, and then I show her my arm, which is covered in tiny bumps, with the hair standing on end.  She looks, and then she runs her hand along, as if she wouldn’t believe it unless she felt it.
“That’s fucking wild.” She says, rubbing her hand along my skin.  Her hand is warm, not clammy, the way I imagined it would be. Her fingers are soft, too, like a child’s.  It’s like inside is a tough interior, but outside, she’s just a little girl, with the voice of an angel and a devil at the same time, and with a Jekyll and Hyde temper.  Although, I’m growing more and more convinced that her temper is thanks to the drugs and booze, since she seems much more level-headed today.
“You want me to play it back?” I ask, reaching over to the recorder.
“No, not yet.  I want to do a couple more, and then we can listen back.” She says, and I nod.  We run through two more songs; one a harder tune, and the other, another softer ballad, and I’m convinced that these songs will make it on their next album. 
“What are these?” Roxy asks, taking a break, noticing the ginger pills.
“Oh, these will help your stomach.”
She inspects the box.  “Is your girlfriend pregnant or something?”
I smile, snorting a laugh. “Sure. Yeah.  No, my sister-in-law recommended them.”
“So you have more than one brother?”
“No, just the one.”
“But you said that you don’t talk.”
“Yeah, my brother and I don’t talk, but I talk to my sister-in-law all the time.”
“How does that work?”
“Easy.  I go over to visit or talk to her on the phone.  He pays attention when he wants to, or he walks away.  I’ve known Nancy since elementary school.  We were in the same class since her surname starts with the same letter as mine.”
“And your brother never has a problem with that?”
I frown.  “Nope.  He’s a stubborn asshole, but it’s all in the past.”
“And do you still talk to Storm?”
“Oh yeah.  Not every day, but often enough.”
“And does your brother know that Storm is clean?”
I nod.  “Yeah.”
“So, why does he still have a problem with you?”
I shrug.  “Hell if I know.  A small part of me thinks that he’s a little ashamed of what I do for a living.  Sometimes I think it’s not all about what happened with Storm.  My brother’s a by-the-book, Dudley Do Right kind of guy, and when I started coloring outside of the lines and got into music, instead of going off to college, like he did, he didn’t like that too much.”
“But it’s your life.”
“Yep.  It is.  But I think he’s a bit jealous because I was the one that retired mom and dad, and I’m the one who pays for their retirement trips and stuff like that, when he wanted to do that.”
“What does he do for a living?”
“He’s got a master’s degree in biology.  He teaches at a University.”
“So, he’s a nerd.”
I smile, chuckling.  “Yeah.  Jason wanted to conquer the world.  He wanted to become some big-time doctor, but he couldn’t get past his master’s.  He didn’t realize how difficult post-secondary education would be.  Not that I claim to be better than him, because I barely made it through high school, but he wanted to be the dude that made all the money and had all the success, I think.  I’m sure that his detachment from me isn’t all because of a mutual friend.”
“Sounds like your brother is a little green with envy.  You think maybe this Nancy chick has the hots for her rock star brother-in-law?  Maybe that’s the real reason why your brother hates you.” She says with a chuckle.
I tilt my head, a ‘v’ forming between my brows. “I never thought of it that way.  But I don’t think so.  Nancy adores Jason.  She once used me to get to my older brother.”
“Classic.” She laughs, laying back on the bed.
“Tired?”
“Kind of.  This shit beats the body up.”
“Well, if it’s any consolation, you still look like shit.” I tease, chuckling, gently shoving her leg in jest.
“Fuck you.  What’s your excuse?” she scoffs, laughing.  I could hear her laugh all day.  
…and then I get a brilliant idea.

Chapter 6
Roxy
“So, is Jett your real name?” I ask him, as he sits on my bed, strumming his guitar.
“Yeah, actually.  What about you?”
“It’s Roxanne, but nobody’s called me that since middle school.”
“If I told you all my band member’s real names, I’d have to kill you afterwards.”
“Same here.” I scoff.  “I gave Stix his name, though.  His real name is Bernard.” I laugh out loud.  He looks at me and we both break into laughter, until we’re both almost crying.
“There was no way in hell no dude named Bernard was joining my band.” I say, wiping the tears off my face.
“My parents had a heart.  They gave us all non-nerdy first names.” He explains.  “But I love it when bands have wicked last names and use them for the band name…like Van Halen.  I couldn’t see calling a rock band ‘Hornswaggle’.”
My jaw drops, but my eyes are dancing.  “Your last name is not Hornswaggle!” I shout in disbelief.
He laughs, nodding.  “Yep.”
“It sounds like one of them fucking characters from Fraggle Rock!” I’m laughing, dying.
“Uh huh.” 
“Oh my God!” I’m still dying.  “Well, at least they gave you a cool first name.  It’s not like they could choose your last name.”
“Yeah.  Maybe that’s why my brother never became a doctor.  Can you imagine a proctologist named doctor Hornswaggle?”
I flop my head back on the bed, dying.  My stomach hurts I’m laughing so much.  My face hurts. My head hurts.  But I haven’t felt this good in a long time.  “Your brother wanted to be a proctologist?”
He shakes his head, laughing.  “I don’t fucking know. Maybe a gynecologist, or maybe one of them foot doctors…who knows!” 
“That’s fucking hilarious!” I’m giggling.
“You sure you’re not going to break something over there?  I didn’t think you could laugh.”
I draw in a deep breath and let it out with a little mewl.  “Bet you didn’t think I could cry, either, but I did that the last time you were here.”
“Getting clean is an emotional thing, man.  Let it happen.” He says, patting my leg.  “Hey, I’ve got an idea.  I’ll be right back.  Keep playing.” He puts his guitar next to me and walks out.  I can play just about any instrument, and I learned how to play acoustic guitar in middle school.  Piano I learned when I was seven.  Those are the two I play best.  Stix once let me bash on his drums and it turned him on so bad, we had sex right under the risers.  That was the first time we fucked.  
As I strum through another of the songs that I wrote, this one years ago, I hear Jett re-enter the room, but I don’t stop.  He sits down and presses record, so I take it from the top, and he sings some harmony with me, giving another dimension to the ditty.  It’s a catchier tune to balance out some of the other stuff, and when we get through it, we’re adding another verse and tweaking some from the first verse and a little bit of the chorus, since I’d left out a couple of beats.  “That’s another good tune, Roxy.” He says.
“Hey, where’d you go?” 
“Well, since you’ve been busting your balls on these tunes, and the guys are dying to jam some of the material out with you, I managed to get you a conditional temporary leave.”
“What the fuck are you talking about?” 
“If you want to go to my little recording studio for a couple of hours next week, I’ve been given permission to take you, and bring you right back afterwards.”
I’m impressed.  I mean, the windows have fucking bars on them in this place.  “How the fuck did you manage that?”
“I told them it was better for your mental health.” He shrugs.  “That, and I promised her a V.I.P. seat at my next concert…and a tossed her a douce for keeping her mouth shut, too.”
“But Crass, man.  They’ve got me under lock and key here, Jett.  I’m sunk if they find out I busted out of here.”
“Well, I gave her my first born for that.” He frowns.  “Anyone from Crass calls and she’s to tell them that you’re in therapy and not to be disturbed.  Technically, you will be in therapy…musical therapy.”
“How did you…seriously.”
“Don’t sweat it.” He insists.  “I paid her off to take care of it.”
I can’t help the smile on my face.  “Why…why are you doing this?”
He smiles back.  “Do you know how many fucking hoops some people jumped through to get me to where I am today, man?  We’re all one big motherfucking family here.  The boys have your back, and I’ve got your back, too.  All we need you to do is to get well and make a kickass album, and so far, you’re almost halfway there.”
The thought of letting my band down has been crippling.  That’s part of the reason why I was using, and part of the reason why I failed, because I was so goddamn worried about letting people down, the pressure was too much.  
“Nobody ever gets to where they are on their own, Roxy.  We all need a little help along the way.”
I sniff. “But I look like shit.”
“Yeah, but you sound fucking amazing, man.”
I smile as he smirks, both of us picking up on the fact that he’s agreeing that I look like shit.  “So when do I get to do this?”
“You’ve got to get through your first two weeks, so just another few days.  That way all the withdrawal is done, and it’s just rebuilding and therapy.”
“And they trust you?  With that face?” I poke, getting him back.
He smiles.  “Fuckoff, Roxanne.”

***

Why I’m so nervous, I have no idea, but I am.  Jett is coming to pick me up in an hour, and I can’t seem to focus.  I’ve changed what limited outfits I have like five times, and I can’t get my hair right.  I look…different.  I feel like I’m in someone else’s body. Someone else I like a whole lot better, that is.  I still feel like having a hit really bad, but it’s getting better, and I finally stopped puking a couple of days ago.  Food tastes better.  Even the shit they serve me here.  Sure, if I see a beer, I’m a goner, but at least I don’t want it so bad it feels like I’ll die if I don’t get it.
I’m excited about jamming.  Aside from performing, that’s my favorite part about being a recording artist.  Jamming is like witnessing a new baby being born, without any pain at all.  Not that I can compare, since I don’t have kids, but you get the picture.  It’s like creativity at its best.  It’s the crux of creative energy, and when you get that synergy between your bandmates and yourself, when you’re all experiencing that synergy, it’s magic…pure fucking magic.  I love it.  Nothing else except performing compares to it.
Best part is, Jett has his own recording studio in his house, so we may be able to start some rudimentary tracks, which puts us more behind the eight ball with our deadline for Crass.  That makes me feel a whole lot better.  I don’t want to let any of these guys down.  I never want to let anybody down.  When I see Jett’s face on the other side of the door, I feel my stomach do a flip.  I’m so excited to get the fuck out of this place, even if it’s only for a couple of hours.
“Hey there.” He says, giving me a smile. 
I find myself smiling back.  “What do you think…do I still look like shit?”
“Not with that smile.” 
“I’m so pumped to get out of this place.”
“Yeah, just remember, you have to come back.”
“Shit, I know that.  I’m just excited to finally get back into music for real again.”
“I hear you.” He licks his lips.  “You ready to roll?”
“Ready to rock, too.”

***

“Heeeyyyy!!” Stix calls to me as he walks into Jett’s place.  “Look who’s back from the dead.”
“Fuckoff.” I scoff.  “I’m a figment of your imagination, and if anyone asks, I wasn’t here, or both mine and Jett’s asses are on the line.”
“I got it, man.  My lips are sealed.”
“Where are the rest of the guys?” I ask.  “I never thought I’d say this, but I’ve missed them ugly motherfuckers.”
“Right behind me.  They’re all in Cruz’s car.”
“How come you didn’t carpool with them?” Jett asks, setting up in the living room.
“In case my old lady bitches and I have to split.” Stix shrugs.  “I gave her your number, man. I hope that’s cool.” He says to Jett.
“As long as she doesn’t start calling me up asking me what the fuck to get you for Christmas and shit, I’m fine.”
Stix grins.  “Hey, you haven’t been fucking around with my kit, have you, man?”
Jett shakes his head.  “No, sir.  But I did manage to booby trap it.”
“Fuck you.” He laughs, sitting on the stool, picking up his drumsticks.  
“Yo, it’s too bad we couldn’t get Chuck over here.” Stix comments.  Chuck is our producer.
“Na, it’s too hot with Roxy being out, man.  We can deal without him.” Jett reasons.  “This is my shit, anyway.  I’ve done tracks before.”
“Cool.” Stix nods, satisfied.  “You ever think about producing your own shit?”
“Na, that would piss Crass off, man.  Better to stay out of trouble.  Besides, Terry and Roy are the best, man.  I’d never part with them. They were the reasons why we signed with Crass.”
“Do your boys know about all this shit going on?” I ask, standing by the microphone stand.
“Yeah, and they’re cool.” He nods.
We hear the buzzer on the intercom sound, and Jett goes to answer it.  The boys are shouting into the speaker like idiots, joking around, so you can’t hear what they’re trying to say. Jett just shrugs and pushes the button to let them in.  Two minutes later, they’re in the house, and I feel my adrenaline pumping.  I make no small talk, I make it clear that I just want to get down to business, and they’re right in there, feeling the same vibe as I am.  
Jett’s behind the soundboard as we jam, catching tracks as they come to fruition, and we run through the slower ballad, and decide that it has a better punch with the electric guitar, so Cruz switches from his acoustic.  He nails the solo part, giving it an edge, and I add a screechy yet poignant climax, that Jett grabs, and I can tell by his face that it hit the mark perfectly.  I love it that he shares the same passion for music as we do. I also love it that he’s helping when he doesn’t have to.  I just hope that there isn’t an ulterior motive, as there often is, especially in this industry.
We’ve basically recorded the song as it would be played live, without any of the overdubbing, but I feel like that’s what this song is…raw, from the heart. It’s an emotional piece but at the same time it’s one of those songs that can be viewed in different perspectives.  It can be seen as a love song, but also as an inspirational ballad, depending on how the listener feels.  Never written a song like that before, and I love it.  I just hope that our listeners feel the same way, and at this point, that the guys over at Crass do, too.
It’s painful to leave, but Jett reminds me that I’m only allowed to be out of rehab for three hours, and we’re approaching that.  “Hey, Rox, don’t sweat it.” Blaze says. “Maybe Jett can work them over again and get you another pass.”
“I’ll try, man.  That’s all I can say.” He admits. “I may have to give out a block of tickets, but I’ll do what I can.  You guys did awesome today.”
“You think we can send some of this over to Crass?” Stix says.
“No, Stix, that’ll blow my cover.” I say, shaking my head.  “We can’t release anything to them until I’m out, or they’ll know.”
“Yeah, she’s right.” Jett agrees.  “Besides, this is just rudimentary stuff. You’ll need your producer and engineer’s approval for this first.”
“But I love that first track we did, man, that was great.” I whine.
“Then we can submit it to them after you’re out.  That way it doesn’t look suspicious.” Jett explains.
Cruz is looking at me strangely. “What’s up, man?”
He smiles.  “You just…I don’t know. I can’t explain it.”
A ‘v’ forms between my brows.  “What?  Do I have a bat in the cave or something?”
“No, you’re just…different.  It’s like a new you.”
“Well, if it’s any consolation, you’re the same ugly motherfucker you always were.” I smirk, but my eyes are dancing.
He smiles and takes a step towards me.  I think he’s going to cuff me on the shoulder for the caddy remark, but instead, he pulls me into a bear hug.  For the first time ever, I let him hug me.  There’s a lot of history between me and the boys.  “I’m proud of you, man.”
I pull back, giving him a playful shove.  “Hey, don’t go getting all soft on me, huh. We’re rockers.  I’m not turning into any fluffy pop star here, man, so don’t bail on me.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it.”
I high five my boys and say goodbye.  And when I leave, I feel a lump in my throat, but I swallow it down.
Jett and I don’t say two words on the way back to the center.  When he drops me off, he stands in the doorway, setting his acoustic guitar on the floor, leaving it with me to practice my tunes.  “You’re awfully quiet.  Everything okay?”
“Yeah.” I say, not looking at him. 
“You having one of those moments where you want to be alone?”
“Yeah.” I lie, feeling another lump in my throat.  My eyes start to water, but I turn my head, making it look like I’m perusing through my new songbook.  
“I’m just going to go check and make sure everything is cool at reception.  Be right back.” He says.  I nod but I don’t look at him, or I’ll lose it.  I don’t know what’s wrong with me.  Never have I been an emotional person, and I don’t know how to deal with it.  I miss the guys already and it’s only been like twenty minutes since I saw them.  I know it’s only a couple more weeks until I’m out of here for good, but I already miss that togetherness.  That camaraderie that I don’t even remember I had, not since that first album, when I was last sober.
And it’s like a floodgate opens.  A song flies out of my head, and I write it down voraciously, like I’m possessed.  It’s about best friends and brothers, and good friends, and it comes out like a polished goddamn song.  Like something I’ve been working on for months, but it literally takes minutes to get down on paper.  The tune is even in my head, so I write down some notes, scrawling so fast I get a cramp.  I’m not even aware that Jett is back in the room I’m zoned out so bad, and when I’m done, he’s standing in the doorway, quiet as a mouse.  I look up at him.  “Sorry. I…got another idea for a song.”
He smiles warmly.  “I figured as much.  You want to jam it out?”
“Yeah, sure.” I nod.
He comes, sits down, and I give him a general idea of how I want it to sound.  He presses record on the player and we start.  The song starts like a catchy one, and then turns into a chant in the chorus, something that listeners can sing along to, especially in concert, and then it goes catchier still, but then slows down towards the end, giving it a unique closing, with a touch of emotion, punctuating the importance of the way we treat our friends and brothers, when the chips are down.  And when the song comes to a close, Jett looks at me.  “Fuck, Roxy, you did it again.”
“You think so?” I ask, unsure.  It’s a really unique tune, and I’m not sure if listeners will like it.
“I know so.  I wish I had written this one myself.  It’s one of those songs that everyone can relate to.  Young or old.”
“I think so, too.  I love those songs. Never written one before.”
“Yeah, well, I think the boys are going to love this one, too.”
“How was it?  You know…while I was gone?”
He nods.  “Good.  No calls.  Quiet as a church mouse.”
“You think they have someone staking the place out maybe?”
A ‘v’ forms between his brows.  “I don’t think so.  I paid the other chick out front to keep watch.  Not just for Crass but for reporters and shit like that.  So far so good.”
This guy thinks of everything.  I look at him and there’s that fucking lump again.  For the first time in my life, I don’t want to be alone.  Normally, I can’t wait until people get out of my face, so I can use or get tanked, but now that that’s all behind me, I don’t ever want to be alone again.  Am I afraid to be alone?  Afraid that I’ll use?  Maybe.  But it’s too early to tell.  It’s not like my roadie is waiting on the road to go run and get me something.  He never did that, anyway, it was always Slick calling our dealer.  And all guests here have to be signed in, so sending someone to go get me some hooch is out of the question.  I’m sure they checked Jett’s bags before he came in.
“You want me to stay, or do you want some time alone?  You look a little tired.  It was a busy afternoon.”
“Yeah.” I answer, but I’m not sure what I answered yes to.  All I know is that if I say another word I’m going to bawl.  I have no idea why, but I just am.  Maybe all this therapy stuff coming my way is just what I need. I start tomorrow.  If I make it that far.  My eyes seem to be like storm clouds.
“Okay.” He nods, rising off my bed.  “I’ll see if I can arrange another escape if you’re up for it.”
I just nod, trying to look busy, looking through my songbook.  Jett walks towards the door.  “I’ll see you later.”
I don’t want him to go.  I give in and let the tears flow. “Jett.” I gasp, trotting to him, with my face already scrunched with emotion.  He’s surprised, almost confused, as he turns around, and I come at him, with my arms wrapping around his neck.  It takes him a second, but he buries his face in my neck and tucks his hands into my sides, pulling me close.  His hand grasps the hair at my neck as I feel the tears pour down my face.  Years of pent-up emotion come flooding out of me.
I cry like I’ve never cried before, letting go.  It’s something I’ve needed to do.  It’s something I’ve wanted to do.  It’s something I’ve never allowed myself to do.  But now I’m weak and can’t fight it any longer.  Drugs and alcohol gave me the strength to fight back and not let anyone in.  Now that that shield is gone, I’m vulnerable, and it’s scary.  It’s so fucking scary, but I need it all the same.  Jett holds me close, almost rocking me, saying nothing, just letting me lean into him, letting me have that support that I’ve never allowed myself to have.  My breathing is ragged as my face wets over and over again, and I sob painfully, like I’ve just been told that I have six months to live.  
It isn’t until my nose is too stuffed to breathe that I pull back.  “Fuck, I’ve snotted all over you.” I gasp.
“Like I fucking care.” He scoffs.  “I am your fucking tissue, Rox.”
I laugh/cry at that.  “You’re such an asshole.”
“I get that a lot.”
Another laugh/cry.  “I don’t know why I’m crying, Jett.”
“I don’t know why, either, honey. But sometimes we need to.” He says, cradling my head into his shoulder again.  This time, I turn my head sideways, laying on his shoulder, while he rubs my back.  It feels so good it makes me want to cry some more, but somehow, it soothes me until I just about fall asleep standing up. It’s not until I feel him lift me up into his arms, that I realize I’d fallen asleep upright.  He carries me over to the bed and lays me down, tucking me in.  He pulls a tissue out of the box on the table and dabs my eyes.  I’m too exhausted to open them. I feel him kiss my forehead and tuck a loose hair over my ear.
…and that’s all I remember until morning.

Chapter 7
Jett
Poor kid.  She cried herself to sleep standing up.  Her legs nearly buckled and then I realized what was going on.  Roxy is emotionally and physically exhausted, and now I understand why they dry you out and then keep you for two more weeks.  You’re spent.  It’s a huge undertaking to get off the sauce.  She did great work today, though, and I think the guys are feeling it, too.  This album is going to rock the charts.  When I lifted her to the bed, she didn’t budge.  Not a flinch when I tucked her in.  Nothing.  The drugs had her so fucked up she couldn’t as much as handle human contact. 
I felt bad leaving her.  But she’s so exhausted, she’ll sleep until morning.  No doubt in my mind.  Two weeks are going to fly by, and she’ll be a better person for having made it through the long haul.  I’ll go see her every day if it means she stays clean.  Roxy is a hell of a person sober and now I can attest.  The talent literally drips from her.  And as I pull up to the house, I see Slick’s car waiting for me at the gate.
“Hey, buddy.  I didn’t know you were stopping by.  Sorry, man.  You been waiting long?” I ask, pushing the key into the gate.
“No, man. It’s cool.” He waves.  Slick’s like that.  Nothing offends him.  For all I know he’s been out there all night and he wouldn’t as much as bitch about it.
We get inside the house and he sees all the instruments and equipment set up.  “How’d it go with Roxy and the guys?”
“Good.  Solid.  They should have some good material for Crass when she’s out.”
“Yeah?  I’m so pumped.  I think you’re right about them being ideal to tour with.  Cruz is fucking way cool.”
I smile.  “Yeah, he is.”
“So, how’s Roxy doing in rehab?”
“Good.” I nod.  “The first few days were fucking horrible, but that’s what you would expect.  Now, man, she’s like a changed person.”
“Still a bitch?”
I frown, shaking my head. “No.  Not anymore.”
He smiles, but his eyes are dancing.  
“What’s on your mind?” I ask, a ‘v’ forming between my brows, but I’m smiling.
“Doesn’t take a genius to figure it out, man.  You’re falling for her.”
“Like hell I am.” I bark, incredulous.  “She’s a hot mess, man.  Not even thinking about that.”
“Bullshit.  Why else are you over there all the time?  Why else are you helping her out so much?  You’re in love with her, man.  Admit it.” He says, shoving my leg playfully as we sit on the couch.
“I am so far from not being in love with her, that being in love with her would need its own zip code.  Trust me, I am more in love with you at this point.”
He chuckles. “Okay, I believe you.”  He pauses.  “So, you just want to help out, like you’d want to help a baby duck whose ducklings fell down the sewer kind of thing.”
I laugh out loud.  “God, I love it how you come up with these comparisons, man. It’s golden. It’s why you write kickass lyrics.”
“Thanks, man.  Am I right though?”
“Yeah, I suppose you’re right.  It’s like us, you know, how many times did someone lend us a hand, right?”
“Right.” He nods.  “So, you know that hot blonde that was checking you out at the festival?”
“Uh huh.”
“I got her number.”
I look at him like he just said he has three balls.  “Bullshit.”
“I’m serious.” He insists. “She’s some big exec. for some marketing company or something.”
“And how did you get her number?”
“She gave it to Jim, man.  He gave it to me.”
“Yeah, right.” I guffaw.  “Unless she paid him big time, Jim would screw her himself.”
“I’m telling you I have her number.” He says, chuckling.
“Fine.”
He looks at me, lifting a brow.  “You want it?”
“I thought you said she gave it to you.” 
“She gave it to Jim, but I told him I was seeing you first, so I told him I’d give it to you.”
“Okay.” I snuffle, confused but also amused.  
“So, do you want it?”
I’m looking at him like he’s changing color as we speak.  “No.” I chuckle.
“Why not?”
“Because…I don’t know…I’m not interested.”
“But she was checking you out.  I saw her.  You saw her.”
“So?”
“So, would you have taken her number that night, if she gave it to you?”
I lift my arms.  “What are we talking about here?”
“Answer the question.”
“M…maybe…I don’t know.”
“So, why don’t you want it now?”
“The moment has passed…I don’t know.”
He’s silent, but the smirk on his face is pissing me off.  “What?” I blurt, finally, after a beat.
His voice is a murmur.  “Why don’t you want her number, Jett?  She’s hot, single, she’s got money, and she wants you. I’d take it.”
“Then you take it.” I’m irritated now.
He nods, satisfied.
“Happy now?  Jesus Christ.  If you wanted her so bad, why didn’t you just say so?”
“I didn’t want her.”
I look at him, craning my neck.  “What the fuck…I think you need to go to rehab next.  You’re fucked up.”
He looks at me.  “Did you kiss her forehead?”
“Who?  The blonde chick?”
“No, stupid.  Roxy’s forehead.” He practically squeals.
“N…y…what does this have to do with anything?” I ask, chuckling, without a trace of mirth.
“Because everyone knows that you only kiss a forehead when you love the owner of said forehead.”
“Fuckoff.” I whine.  
“You know I’m right.”
“Fuckoff.”
He chuckles.  
“Fuckoff.”
He chuckles more.  
I punch him in the shoulder.  
More chuckles.
I mess his hair.  And that does it.  He grabs me by the arm and tackles me to the floor, as we playfight, scrapping it out on the floor, by the equipment.  “Cut it out, you Roxy lover!” he teases after I mess his hair up again.
“Shut up or I’ll chop it off in your sleep!” I laugh, punching him in the gut playfully.
He pauses, meaningfully. “Err…just…what are we talking about chopping off here?”
I snort a laugh.  “Your hair, you pervert!”
“Oh…okay, carry on.” He says, cuffing me in the head.  I grab his arm and bite him on the forearm.
“Oh, you piranha!” he snuffles, giving me a noogie.  
I pull his hand away from my hair and force him to mess his hair with his own hand.  “What are you, a fucking ventriloquist, man?” he laughs.
“Maybe.  It’s a good look for you though.” I say, standing back, as if admiring his new do that I’ve just royally fucked up.  
He rises.  “Alright.  No more messing with the hair, man.” He goes to the powder room across the hall and fixes his hair, returning unscathed.  “Still in love with her, or did I fight it out of you?”
“I’m not in love with her, man.” I chuckle.  “I care a lot about her, sure, but I don’t see us getting together or anything like that.”
“But you kissed her forehead.”
“So what.  She was bawling her eyes out.  I felt bad for her.  Doesn’t mean I want to fuck her.”
“I didn’t say you wanted to fuck her.  I said that you’re in love with her.  There’s a difference. If you don’t know that, then maybe I should introduce you to the new kickass lyrics I was writing earlier.”
“Is that why you came over?  Jesus, why torture me then.”
“Because it’s fun.” He lifts a finger, pointing it at me.  “But I don’t care what you say, man, you’re in love with her. You wait and see.”
“Whatever gets you through the night, man.” I sigh.  “You want me to call up the guys and we can jam?”
“Yeah, sure.”

***

“Dude, if we want to tour with Buying Time, don’t you think we should talk to Greg?  I mean, didn’t he say he was going to work on coordinating the tour with promoters?” Zane suggests to me, after I bring up the idea again.
“Yeah, I suppose we should.”
We’ve been jamming for a couple of hours.  Slick looks at the phone on the floor by the drum kit. He walks over to it and gestures to me with his chin.  “You have his number, man?  I forgot it.”
“Yeah, give me a sec.” I walk over to the fridge, where I have Greg’s business card on a magnet.  I call out the number to Slick while he dials.
A brief conversation ensues, and then Slick hangs up.  “He wants us over there. If we can haul ass, he can see us now.  He sounded kind of pissed.”
“We better get over there then.” I say, concerned. “I hope the fucking rehab center didn’t squeal on Roxy and blow her cover.”
“What are you talking about, man?” Crush asks.
Slick fills him in.
Crush’s eyes widen. “You’ve got fucking balls of steel, man.” He scoffs, half impressed, half thinking that I’m a fool.
“You don’t understand, man.  This whole sobering up thing is really striking a chord in Roxy.  The creativity is like a floodgate’s been opened, and they’re on a stupid tight deadline, so I figure it was a risk worth taking.”
Crush tilts his head.  “I hope you know what you’re doing.”
“He paid the chicks at the center to keep quiet, so chill out.” Slick says.
Crush shakes his head, irritated. “Fine.”
We get into my car and head out to see our manager.  He seems none too pleased to see us, and I wonder if touring with Buying Time is off the table.  “Come.  Sit, boys.” Greg says.  He’s like the tallest dude I know, and he’s always dressed in a suit, which makes me nervous.  I feel more at ease with casual attire, personally, and especially since Greg is one of those types who is all business.  He’s never once cracked a smile, and he’s very direct.  But at least he’s clean and straight, and he doesn’t fuck around, so I’ll take all the other shit.
“How’s the record production coming along?” Slick opens with, and I give him a wink for being professional from the start. Sometimes he comes off stupid when he’s more quirky, and I’ve told him that in front of Crass people, he needs to tighten his persona more.
“Very good.  It’s looking like you guys can go out on tour next month.” Greg says, folding his hands on the desk.  The place is dark, with a heavy mahogany desk, mahogany hardwood floors, and milk chocolate colored walls.  The only thing that keeps the room remotely bright is the overhead pot lights. “Have you started rehearsing?”
“We’ve done some jamming, but not so much rehearsing.” Crush says.  “But we did a bunch for the music festival.”
“You should get started immediately.” Greg says.  “Get your set lists prepared, and I’ve alerted your road manager, so we just have to come up with some ideas for who you’re going to tour with.” He slides his hand out, indicating Slick.  “I understand that you want to tour with Buying Time.”
“We hoped to, yes.” I answer, nodding.
“Unfortunately, with Roxy in rehab, that isn’t going to fly.” He says fairly.  “You’re welcome to add them on the list when she’s well again, but I’m sure you’re aware that they have a deadline for a new album.”
“What if we push our tour off for a month while they work on their album?” I venture.
He shakes his head.  “No can do, Jett.  You’ve got too much at stake to wait another month.  It’s best to ride the marketing wave at release time, or your numbers will suffer.  I’ve confirmed this with Crass Recording, and they don’t want you waiting any longer than necessary.  Two of your new singles are getting loads of radio play, and your album is scheduled for release already.  There is no waiting on another band to get their shit together; no disrespect implied.”
Greg’s a decent guy, and he’s right, but I feel so strongly about this, that I want to put my two cents in.  “Come on, man.  Look, I think Buying Time is going to crank out that album in no time.  It’s going to be kickass, and I think that fans will love the combo.  It’ll really help skyrocket both bands into the listenersphere.” I say, and I catch Slick’s face at my use of a new word.  He loves that.  And I know that he’s going to use it in lyrics at some point.
I watch Greg draw in a deep breath and let it go.  Not good.  “Sorry, guys.  No can do.”
I’m feeling really passionate about this, and sometimes I let my mouth run off.  This is one of those times.  “We know that Crass wants to ditch them, man.  I think it’s shitty, and I think that Roxy’s doing the right thing, so she and the band need to be cut some slack.”
Greg looks at me pointedly, steepling his fingers at his lips, nodding slightly.  “I had a feeling they let it leak.” He swallows. 
I interrupt before he says anything more.  “They didn’t let it leak, man.  Their fucking manager flew down special to dump on them at the music festival.  It was a shitty deal and they’re getting an even shittier deal now.  I think it sucks and I want to do something about it.  Our music and your pockets aren’t going to suffer one fucking cent if we put our tour off for a month, and I think it’s shitty if we have to bail on them, when they’re looking forward to touring with us now.”
“You shouldn’t have committed to them, Jett.” He says, chuckling mirthlessly.  “I’m not putting my ass on the line for them.  Do you have any idea what it takes to keep a band that’s slacking on the roster?  Especially with Roxy’s reputation?  Any idea at all?” he scoffs, angry.  “They’re lucky to be given the olive branch that they’ve been given, and I’m not about to stick my neck out for you or for them, and risk having Crass shut you both down.”
“But our sales are rocking, Greg.  I don’t believe it for a second that Crass would give us the boot.  There’s no motive there.”
Greg lifts his brows. “You haven’t had a platinum record yet, Jett.  You’re well overdue.”
“All of our albums have hit gold, and ‘Fuss’ hit number one, dude.” Slick reminds.  “So don’t discount our hard work, just to pit us against the band that we want to spend the next tour with.”
Greg lifts his hands in the air.  “I’m not the bad guy here.”
“Then why don’t you speak to Crass about us touring with Buying Time?” I ask.  Crush and Zane look like they want to crawl into a hole, and I feel like punching them for not sticking up for us.
“Because they already know that’s what you want, and they vetoed it straight away.”
“How the fuck did they know?” Slick asks, suspicious.
Greg lifts his hands again. “I have no idea.”
“That’s bullshit.” I sneer.
“Look, you can pick any other band you want to play with, and then, if Buying Time cuts the mustard, you can finish your tour with them, but not before.” Greg insists.  “Sorry guys, but I’m not budging with this one.  As your manager, I can’t fight with the record company anymore about this, or your butts and my butt are on the line.  It’s not worth it.  It’s the truth.”
“You fucking suck, man.” Slick says. I didn’t realize that he felt so passionate about doing the tour with Buying Time, but I guess that he feels the same cool vibe as I do with them.  “The second their album is released, they’re coming out with us.  Like it or not.”
“Fine.” Greg raises his hands in the air again, and it pisses me off that that seems to be his only gesture today.  “Who are you going to ask to go out with you to start out?”
“I was thinking about ‘Daniel’s List’.” I look at the guys.  I hadn’t mentioned my buddy Storm’s band.  We haven’t toured with him before, but he’s just released a greatest hits album, and it’s perfect timing for him to open for us.  The guys don’t seem to flinch at the idea.
“Daniel’s List is good.  I’ll run it by Crass and see what they think.  I don’t anticipate any problems with that.”
I’d spoken to Storm months ago about touring together, and he was all for it, so was his band.  “Cool.  Well, at least we can agree on something.”
“And those boys will be okay splitting off when Roxy’s out?” Greg asks.
“Yeah.  They’ve got plans to go with another band, anyway.” It’s not unheard of for bands to split up during a tour, planned or not.  Sometimes when extra dates are added, not everyone can accommodate, and adjustments need to be made.  Or else, sometimes it’s more favorable to move around with different bands, to keep the audience and the performance fresh.
“Good.” Greg nods, and I still want to punch him. I hate it that we’re powerless in all things Crass, but it is what it is, and if this album goes platinum, those motherfuckers will be eating crow.  Including Greg.  “Have any of you seen Roxy?  How’s she doing?”
I stare at the boys, hoping like hell that they’ll keep their mouths shut.  This is dangerous territory.  I don’t trust Greg like I trust Frank, our road manager.  Greg has his head so far up Crass’s ass you can smell the shit from a mile away.  “She’s good.” I say, but I don’t elaborate.
“And you’ve discussed this idea with them, I take it?”
“Yeah.” I nod, but I keep tight-lipped.
“When will we know numbers, man?” Slick asks.
“Soon.” Greg answers fairly, coming down off his rant.  “I should have something from Billboard in a couple of days.  Have you guys heard anything on the radio yet?”
“No.” I shake my head.  “But we haven’t really been listening.”
“Your publicist got you set up on any radio spots yet?  I let her know to get that going ASAP.”
“No, nothing yet.”
“I’ll follow up with her.” He nods, and I get the feeling that this meeting is over.  Greg isn’t about small talk.
“Okay, we’ll catch you later.” I say, getting up.  The boys follow suit.  Greg rises slightly to shake our hands perfunctorily, and I walk towards the door, not looking back.  As soon as we’re outside, I say. “Jesus Christ that was close.”
“What, about Roxy?” Slick asks. “Fuck, I thought you were going to blow a gasket when he said that we couldn’t tour with them.”
“I almost did.” I look at the guys as we walk to my car.  “I didn’t have any fucking idea that we were on the chopping block at Crass, did you?”
“No, man.” Zane says, shaking his head. “But if you ask me, he just said that to spook us.”
“Yeah, man, I think you’re right.” Crush agrees.  “Greg comes off all tough and shit, but I think deep down he’s full of shit.”
“If we were really up shit’s creek, I think he would have come to us personally, rather than wait until we came to see him.” Slick adds.
“Yeah.” We all nod.
But only time will tell how true that is.

Chapter 8
Roxy
I wake up and feel my eyes burn from crying last night.  Other than that, I feel different.  It’s the first decent night’s sleep I’ve had in a long time.  Another thing…I’m starving.  After eating, I have my first therapy session, and I once again find myself bawling.  It’s like I’ve never cried my entire life and my eyes have stockpiles of tears from years of holding back.  I cry about everything.  About my dad, my failing career, all the people I’ve let down, and worst of all, I cry about my mom.  
Mom and I haven’t spoken since she remarried.  I moved out and never picked up a phone despite her efforts.  She tried to get in touch when my first album was released, but I had my manager take a message.  I never responded.  I’ve since moved a few times and never got in touch. Never missed her until now.  It’s weird.  I think part of me buried anything painful under the booze and drugs.  And I fought back with attitude, never letting anyone in.  This therapist is goddamn good, because I’m not even there five minutes, and she’s got me figured out.
It’s like I have a soft spot for older women who remind me of my mom. It’s been nothing but men in this industry.  Very few women other than publicists exist out there when you’re a recording artist.  But my publicist and I have never had a relationship, she just calls me when I have an interview and gives me the skinny.  I suppose I should have reached out to her and at least had her out for a drink or something, but that’s not my thing.  This therapist, though, she’s got that voice.  That soothing, empathetic, maternal voice, and I find myself emptying out everything in the short hour that we have together.
We part with a hug and a promise to meet again tomorrow.  Her name’s Emily, and I’m so grateful to be able to share with her in confidence, how I’ve been feeling for a long time.  After meeting with her, I’m emotionally exhausted, so I head back to my room and nap for a couple of hours.  It’s amazing how tired you get in this place.  I’ve never slept so much in all my life.  The only rest I ever got was after a drinking binge, once the coke finally wore off.  It’s like years of exhaustion have caught up to me.
When I wake up, I play around on Jett’s guitar some more, jamming out some lyrics, when I see his face peek in from the top of the window.  It’s like he didn’t want to disturb me, so he waited until the song was over, before knocking.  I see him and smile.  He smiles back before opening the door.  “Hey. Look at you.” He says, still grinning.
“Yeah, look at me.  Puffy eyes, red nose. Hell, if it was hay fever season, at least I’d have an excuse.”
“Everything okay?” he asks, concerned.
“Yeah, I just had my first therapy session earlier.  Then I managed to cry myself to sleep again.  God, I feel like a toddler.”
He snuffles a laugh.  “Nothing wrong with that.  Your body’s just voiding all the nastiness to make room for all the good stuff now.”
“Enough about all this shit, how are my boys doing?  I thought they would be coming by today, but you’re the first person to show up.”
“I haven’t talked to them today, but I can tell you that Crass is sniffing around.” He scratches his nose.  “I’m not sure if they’ve got Greg, my manager, as a watchdog, or if it’s purely coincidental, but he’s up to something.  They won’t let us tour with you to start out.  He was threatening us, saying that we’re up shit’s creek if we give him any trouble over it, and evidently our deal is one foot out the door, too.”
My eyes widen.  “You’re fucking serious?”
“Yeah, but me and the guys think that he’s bluffing.  Just the way it all went down, it seems bogus.  He just doesn’t want us to involve ourselves with you if you’re one foot out the door, but I told him that once you’ve met your commitments to Crass, we’re touring together, and that’s that.  They can fuck me sideways for all I care after that.”
“Jett, don’t do anything stupid, man.” I argue.  “We can find someone else to tour with.  It’s not a big deal.”
“It is a big deal.  This is what we want.  And your boys want to tour with us, too.  It’s happening, Roxy. Like it or not.  And when your album is right up there on the charts with ours, Crass can go fuck themselves.  You wait and see.”
Staring at my hands, I say.  “Look, I don’t want you to get in shit on account of me, Jett.  It’s bad enough that I may be letting my boys down. I don’t need to let you and your boys down, too.  This is a lot of fucking pressure on me, man.”
He slides his arm around my waist.  “You let us worry about that.” He kisses my temple.  “You just get well again, and we’ll take care of the rest.”
“But, Jett, I can tour with anyone.”
“Yeah, and you’ll be exposed to all the booze and drugs and shit again.  I want you to be with us, so you’ll stay clean.”
“So you want to babysit me.” I state flatly.  “Jett, if I’m going to stay clean, I have to do it myself.  I can’t shut myself out of the rock and roll lifestyle.  It is what it is.  There’s always going to be that shit around.  I just have to learn how to stay away from it.”
“I know.  And you will.  But I just want you to have a fighting chance, Roxy.”
“Jett, look, I appreciate what you’re doing.  But if I don’t learn to fight my own battles, I’ll never get through this.  I’ll always have to lean on someone.”
He looks at me pointedly and drapes a lock of hair over my ear.  “Then you lean on the seven of us.”

***

Stix comes to pick me up and take me home from rehab.  The boys from Wired are under the gun with Crass to rehearse and get ready for their upcoming tour, so Jett wasn’t able to come and get me.  It feels weird, being out, I mean.  I thought I hated this place, but somehow, now it feels like home.  A month here has felt more like a year, with all the transitions and changes, and all the time spent thinking, writing music, in therapy, and generally just getting well, it’s almost odd leaving.  It’s a miracle that I wasn’t recognized, but I think that keeping me out of the general population has helped that.
“Jesus, is that all you brought?” Stix asks, lifting my small duffel bag. I only had three or four changes of clothes that were appropriate for this place.  Everything else I own says rock star all over it.  There isn’t a pair of pants I own that aren’t leather or really tight denim. The shirts I own require a second layer to make them fit for appearances off stage.  Don’t let me get started on my shoes.  I own one pair of runners. All the rest are club-grade.  I’m amazed I could walk in them being either stoned or drunk all the time.  It’s almost like I have to re-learn how to walk in them sober.
“Yeah.  And that’s Jett’s guitar, too.”
“I thought I recognized it from somewhere, but I knew it wasn’t yours.”
“How’s your girlfriend doing?”
Stix cranes his neck.  “You mean she’s no longer ‘that slut you fuck’?”
I smile.  “Come on.  Cut me some slack. How’s Farah?”
“She’s good.  She’s been asking about you.”
“Yeah, well, maybe if you’d have come to visit me more often, you might have been able to update her properly, instead of just listening to what Jett and the other guys told you.”
“I didn’t want to intrude.” He shrugs.
“Intrude?  How?”
Another shrug.  “I know that you and Jett are pretty tight.”
“We’re just friends, Stix.” I snuffle seriously.  “Believe me, I’m not up to anything more than friendship, and neither is he.”
“Did he tell you that?”
“There’s nothing to tell, man.  He came to keep me company and keep my head on straight.  He helped me write some songs and made sure I had all the shit I needed.  Same as the other guys.  You were the only one who was practically AWOL the whole time I was here.  It’s almost like you didn’t want to see me.”
He puts his arm around me.  “I’m here now, aren’t I?”
“I figured Farah didn’t want you coming to see me.”
“Nah, she’s cool.  As long as I’m not fucking you anymore, that is.  And I told her that I’m not.”
“Stix, we never had more than that, and you know it.  It was too complicated.”
“I get it. No need to explain.” He hugs me.  “I’m just glad that you’re well again and we don’t have any awkwardness between us.”
“There never was nor will there ever be, man.  There’s too much history between us.”
He gives me a warm smile.  “There is.”
“Hey, did Slick ever get in touch with that blonde he was swooning over?” I ask, changing the subject.
“He offered her to Jett first.”
Something in the pit of my stomach just sinks.  “And?”
“Well, Jett thought Slick wanted her.” He gestures with his hand, playing along, as we gossip like schoolgirls.  “It’s a whole back and forth cat and mouse game.”
“Did Jett call her?”
“I don’t know.” He shrugs.
“Well, did Slick call her?”
Another shrug.  “I don’t know.”
“Have I told you lately how useless you are?”
He smiles and puts his arm around my shoulders.  “Glad to see the old Roxy is still in there somewhere.”

***

“Hey, can we turn up the amplifier on the next take?” I ask Cruz as we run through rehearsal before hitting the recording studio tomorrow.  We’re actually in the recording studio, but just for practice and setup.  “I think the sound’s a little weak.  I’m drowning you out in the background there.  The guitar needs to blend better with my voice.”
“Yeah, I agree.” Cruz says, adjusting his amplifier.  Chuck, our producer, is here, but Phil, the engineer, is coming tomorrow, during our recording session.  
Chuck, overhearing the suggestion, gives a thumbs up from behind the glass in the control room.  We do another take of the song, nailing it.  After all the rest I had while I was in rehab, my voice cooks. Slick gave me the recipe for this kickass tea he drinks before singing, and it works like a charm. Even the guys are smiling at me as we rehearse, and I can’t help but smile back. The vibe is heady.  I love it.  It’s like a new experience doing this, even though we’ve done it half a dozen times by now.  
We run through the song again and it’s perfect.  We’re so ready to record I kind of wish that Phil was here right now. The vibe that we want is here and I’m half afraid that once tomorrow comes it will be gone.  That’s when I look up at Chuck, and he smiles at me.  It’s a strange smile, so I keep eye contact with him, wondering what I’m missing.  The guys see it, too.  “What’s he doing back there?” Cruz asks.
“I dunno. But he looks like he’s having more fun than we are.” Stix says.
Blaze shouts. “Hey!  What are you doing, man?” he’s got a big smile on his face.
Chuck rises and comes out of the control room.  He purses his lips together into a warm smile.  “Tried an old trick.”
“What the fuck are you talking about, man?” Stix asks with a chuckle.
“Sometimes Phil says that the best sounds come out when artists don’t know that they’re being recorded.” He lifts his brows.
We look at each other. “You mean…you caught that whole track?” I ask, impressed.
“Yup.” He pops the ‘p’ for emphasis.  Chuck is a pure genius.  I mean, Phil is great, too, but they both work as a team, knowing each other’s skills combined.  They’re great together but they can also function as one complete unit if the other isn’t around.  Crass pays them dearly for their services and there has never been a question as to why.
Stix high fives him.  “You’re the fucking bomb, man.  We didn’t even know.”
“That’s the idea.” He winks.  “You guys nailed it on the first try.  I figured I should just record, since you have this wicked vibe kicking today.”
“You feel it too?” I say.
“Roxy,” he pulls me into a hug/headlock, and kisses the top of my head.  “You’re my fucking hero, kid.”
“No,” I snuffle.  “You’re mine, man.  Thanks for catching that track.  I’m so…afraid I’m going to lose it, you know?”
“I know.” He kisses the top of my head.  “But, girl, you got it back.”

***

It’s been a week in the recording studio.  We hammered all the new tunes out, and thank God Crass had the sense to book us in there for a whole week, no breaks.  You would think that that would be exhausting, but no, me and the boys have been so pumped to do this.  Phil and Chuck are fucking geniuses, and they’ve pulled shit from us that we never thought we could pull off.  The sounds that they’ve created are awesome and I can’t wait to hear the completed songs once they’re done mixing.
We have a break for a couple of days while they do the mixing, so I find out where Wired is playing, and I try to get in touch with them.  Once I get a number from Ron, our road manager, I call it.  Frank, Wired’s road manager, answers after about ten rings.  The only reason why I recognize it’s him, is because he has a distinctive squeak when he talks.  You always know that it’s him.  I’m just about to give up, when I hear his voice on the other end.  “Yeah.” He answers tersely.
“Frank?  It’s Roxy.  How the hell are you?”
“Roxy?  Jesus Christ, man.  I almost didn’t recognize your voice.”  He also has a lithp.  “How the hell are you?”
“Can’t complain.  We just finished recording our new album.”
“That’s awesome.  So, I hear that you’re back from the dead, are you.”
“I am.  Hey, where the hell are you guys?  I don’t even recognize the fucking area code.”
He tells me, and I’m surprised.  They’re just a short plane trip away.  “How is it going over there?  Who did you guys end up teaming with?”
“Oh, uh, Jett asked for Daniel’s List.  Yeah, he and Storm go way back.”
“How’s it going?”
“Good.  Good.  Hey, the boys are in sound check, did you want me to have one of them give you a dingle back?”
It’s weird…a fifty-something year old man calling a phone call a ‘dingle’.  I have to laugh.  “Sure.  I didn’t want to bother them.”
“It’s no bother.  Jett’s been mentioning that he wants you guys to hijack the second leg of this tour.  You guys manage to twist Crass’s arm on that one?”
“No, not yet.  But we just finished recording, so things look more promising now.”
“You want to come see the boys tonight?  You think you can get a flight out?”
“I’m not sure.  I can try.”
“You should come out, man.  The boys keep mentioning you and the rest of the gang.  They miss you guys.  Maybe see if the others can come, too.”
“I don’t know about that.  Stix is in knee deep with his girlfriend.”
“Tell him to bring her, too.”
I chuckle.  “Remind me to mention a reunion tour in about ten years’ time.  Looks like you’d be the dude up for that idea.”
“Totally.  You coming out or what?  I gotta know so I can get someone to come pick you up.”
“Yeah, sure.  I’ll see if I can get a flight out.  If you hear from me I didn’t get one.”
“Call me when your flight lands. I’ll make sure you get here in one piece.”
“Sounds good.”

***

I manage to get a flight, but I can’t get in touch with anyone else.  Evidently, everyone has scattered on our few days off before meeting with Crass.  I get it.  We’re all nervous and on the edge of our seats, knowing that our musical careers are all on the chopping block.  Hell, I’m shitting my pants, but I also know that if I stay home alone for the next two days, I’m going to slip.  The plane ride is a great opportunity for me to work on more lyrics.  It’s funny how my imagination is so much more vibrant now that I’m straight.  I can sing a tune in my head, envisioning the tone and the sound of it all, and write it all down on paper.
When I arrive at the airport, I call over to Frank, and he arranges to come pick me up himself.  “Dude, the guys are so pumped that you’re coming out, man.” He says, after giving me a hug.  “How long can you stay?”
“I let Crass know that I’m coming out.  Gave them the number. I also let Greg know. They’ll call me when Crass is ready to go over the album.  It might be another day or so, but I don’t know.”
“And the other guys are doing their own thing, eh.”
“Yeah.  They may even be off together, I don’t know.  It’s weird that I couldn’t reach any of them.”
“Yeah, I know.  But they probably feel just as under the gun as you do, Roxy.  I wouldn’t sweat it too much, man.”
“I’m trying not to.”
We get to the venue, and we see people lined up outside, probably having stayed overnight to get tickets.  It’s crazy.  “Man, that’s insane.” I say, looking at the queue.  “They sure love Wired.”
“They do.” Frank agrees.  “And they also love it that Daniel’s List did a greatest hits album.  Those guys have sort of rekindled their fan’s love, man.  You should have seen the show here last night, and the one two nights ago, too.”
Something sinks in my stomach.  I’m really happy that everyone is seeing such a great turnout, but I’m worried that Wired might have a change of heart and decide to stick with Daniel’s List for the rest of the tour.  And I hate to admit it, but I’m really looking forward to touring with Wired.  “You think they might stick with the original lineup for the rest of the tour?”
Frank waves.  “Nah.  Daniel’s List released a greatest hits album.  No new singles on it.  You guys…you’re releasing a brand spanking new album, and the way that Jett’s talking about it, you hit the jackpot with this one, babe. They want you.  One hundred percent.”
I’m still not convinced.  
“Hey, let’s head up to the conference room.  The guys from Daniel’s List are rehearsing in the other big room.”
“Still rehearsing?”
He nods emphatically.  “Oh yeah, these guys came to play.  They rehearse their asses off all the time.  The level of professionalism in that band is unsurpassed.  They even put Wired to shame.”
Wow, now I’m really nervous…until we get to the conference room…  
Frank opens the door and my face lights up like a Christmas tree.  My hands go to my cheeks.  “Oh my god!  You guys are nuts!”  The conference room is set up like a welcome home party, complete with a hand made banner that says, ‘Welcome back, Roxy!’.  The place is decorated with streamers, freaking stage lighting…the whole nine yards.  The best part is…everyone is here.  All my bandmates, all Wired’s bandmates, and everyone from Daniel’s List, too.  The smile on my face is a mile wide.  “What did you guys do?” I chuckle, squeal, like a kid just dropped off at a candy store that offers everything for free.
As I scan the room, I can feel Jett’s gaze on me, and it’s warming.  I haven’t seen him or spoken to him in a couple of weeks, yet it feels like it’s been years in some ways, but it’s like I just saw him yesterday in other ways, too.  His smile is contagious, and as I’m accepting congratulatory and welcoming hugs from everyone, I find myself waiting for him to approach…and he waits.

Chapter 9
Jett
“Hey…dude, guess who I saw at the fucking Ihop about a month ago?” Storm asks me.  We’re in between sound checks for our show tonight. So far it’s been amazing.  The audience has been very responsive to Daniel’s List, and we’re getting one hell of a leg up on our tour.  I’m messing around with Trey, my sound technician, making sure that my guitar is properly oiled and tuned after last night’s show.  It almost overheated during one of my solos and I want to make sure that that doesn’t happen again.
“Who did you see?”
He chuckles, but based on his expression, he’s surprised.  “Your brother, man.”
“No shit.” I snuffle.  “Did he say anything to you?”
“No, but Nancy did.  I didn’t know that she was knocked up.” He says as though he’s happy for her.
“Yeah.  She’s just in her second trimester, but she’s popped a mile in the last few weeks.  I just hope I don’t miss it when junior is born.”
“Your brother’s going to let you come around to see the kid?”
“If he doesn’t, Nancy will.  She doesn’t put up with any of his bullshit. Truth be told, I think that’s half the reason why he married her.  He knew he needed someone to keep him in line.”
“He wasn’t pleased to see me, that I can tell you.” Storm volunteers.
“Yeah, I get the same response from him all the time.” I wave. “I just ignore it.  He’s a stubborn asshole and he’ll never change.  It’s him not you, that’s what I say to myself.  Nancy says the same thing.”
“What’s up his ass, anyway?  The shit that went on between you two happened decades ago.”
I shrug.  “Your guess is as good as mine.” I lie.  I don’t want to get into that right now.  
“That Nancy. Man, she’s got her hands full with him.” He tilts his head, like he can’t believe that such a nice girl can stay with such an asshole.
“She’s forgiving.  That I’ll give her.”
“Hey, what’s going on with Roxy?” he asks, changing the subject.  “She dried out?”
“Yeah.  Stix picked her up from rehab.  Far as I know she’s doing well.  I haven’t had a chance to fucking call her and I feel like shit for it.”
He lifts a brow.  “Why do you feel like shit, man?  Isn’t she like a total bitch to you?”
“She wasn’t preferential.” I scoff, jokingly.  “She was like that with everyone when she was toasted.  Not anymore.”
“You mean she’s not a bitch anymore?  Shit, the media will be all over that, man.”
“If anyone can handle it, it’s Roxy.” I say, matter-of-factly.  “I said she’s not a bitch anymore, but that doesn’t mean that she’s gone soft.”
“Gotcha.” He winks.  “So, you haven’t spoken to her since we’ve been touring…I hope she hasn’t fucking slipped like I did that first week back.”
“Stix has been keeping an eye on her, and the rest of the boys for that matter.”
“I get it.  You’ve got the inside track.”
I look at him.  “Something like that.”
“I suppose you want to make sure she’s good to tour when the album is out.  Unless you want us to change the course of our tour.” He offers.
“Na, man, she’ll be fine.  Besides, I don’t want her touring with anyone else, man. That’s the last thing she needs.”
“How come?”
I half laugh.  “Because we’re the only clean bands out there, man.  Everyone else is doing all the booze and blow like she was.  I don’t want her messing with that shit again.”
Storm folds his arms over his chest.  “Why do you care so much?”
Trey, my guitar technician, wipes a smirk off his face when I look at him.  I can see Crush over in the corner, overhearing, and he looks the other way quickly, but not fast enough, as I catch his smirk, too.
“What the fuck’s with all the looks?”
Crush snorts a laugh, shaking his head.  Trey, too.  Slick walks by and sees the looks on their faces.  “What’s going on, guys?”
Storm plays along.  “Oh, we’re just trying to figure out why Jett is so hung up on making sure that Roxy is well looked after in her convalescence.”
Slick is matter-of-fact.  “That is the million-dollar question, isn’t it.”
“Oh…all of you can just fuck the hell off.” I scoff.  “I just don’t want to see her sink again, just like all of you, right?  She’s a good girl and just got caught up in all the rock star bullshit is all. She deserves better than that.  No reason to think anything else is going on. Besides, she’s not up for anything more than friendship, and neither am I.”
“So, you’ve discussed it with her.” Slick says plainly, lifting his boot up onto the chair that I’m leaning on, as I adjust my guitar.
“No, I haven’t discussed it with her.” I try to sneer, but it comes out as more of a whine.  “I just…I know.”
“Which part?” Slick asks, chewing on a piece of gum, making me feel like I’m being interrogated by Colonel Mustard.
My voice rises an octave. “Which part what?”
Crush interrupts.  “The you knowing it part, or the she’s not up for anything and neither are you part?”
I laugh, exasperated.  “What is this, One Life to Live?  My life isn’t a fucking soap opera.”
“Just answer the question.” Crush prompts.
I sigh. “Fine.  No, I haven’t discussed it with her, but neither of us are up for anything heavy.”
Zane sees us having what looks like a heavy discussion, and he walks over, catching my last sentence.  “What are you talking about, Roxy?”
My head bows, defeated.  “What is the matter with you people?  How do you know that I’m even talking about Roxy?” I ask Zane.
He shrugs.  “Because if you were just talking about some chick you banged, you wouldn’t have used the word ‘heavy’…unless you were talking about heavy breathing, of course.” He winks.  “So, what’s the deal?  I heard from Stix that they’re done recording.  How come they’re not out here yet?”
“Yeah, man.  We should get them out here.” Crush says.
Then I get an idea.  “We should throw a huge fucking shindig for Roxy, you know, for getting sober.”
“Wicked.” Slick nods.  “But we should make it a surprise, you know.  Fucking shock the hell out of her.”
I nod, frowning.  “And that’s why I keep you around, my brother.”

***

The guys from Buying Time arrive on the same flight, and my roadie Jim goes to pick them up.  They’re pumped because evidently the recording sessions for the new album just cooked, and they can’t wait to hear it once it’s mixed, and they’re really nervous about the feedback that they’re expecting from Crass.  
“Hey, man, has anyone contacted Roxy yet?” Stix asks.
“No, man, but she called over to Frank this morning.” I explain.  “She got a flight out and he’s going to pick her up.” I’ve got a bunch of other roadies on the task of decorating one of the conference rooms in this place, so we can put together a little thing for Roxy.  We’re just wrapping up sound checks, so we’re fucking around on the stage.
“Hey, we should do our own little music festival, with just us three bands.” Stix suggests.
“Yeah, sure, we can talk to Ron and Greg and see what they think of that.  But it can’t be until the tour is over.” I remind.  “They’re already up our asses for insisting on you guys touring with us.”
“Yeah.  That’s a load of bullshit if you ask me.” Cruz says.  “Just a bunch of sales execs pushing their weight around.”
“I agree, but it is what it is, and none of us can afford to piss anyone off.” I add.
Slick looks at his watch. “Shit. We ought to get up to that conference room. Frank said he’d be back at three o’clock, and it’s already two fourty-five.”
We head up to the conference room and find all of our roadies and some of our security guys helping put the decorations up. We lend a hand for a few minutes, and then kick them out, so that Roxy isn’t too overwhelmed.  We don’t want it to come off as a party scene, with like a zillion people; just us three bands and that’s it.  When we finally hear Frank and Roxy come in, the expression on her face is priceless.  Roxy is a sweet girl on the inside.  It just doesn’t come out unless she feels really comfortable in her own skin.
“What did you guys do?” she asks, covering her reddened face.  She’s adorable.  We make eye contact, and I can’t stop looking at her after that.  I try to make my way over to give her a hug, but she’s surrounded by the people who love her.  The boys from Buying Time are all over her, giving her hugs.  “I tried getting in touch with you to get you to come out here.” she explains.  “I figured you just jumped ship, scared shitless for what’s going to come of this new album.”
Stix smiles.  “Na, we got the call, and we hopped on a plane, man.  We’ve got a couple of days to kill, so we might as well make the best of them.”
Cruz puts his arm around her.  “We missed the fuck out of you when you were in rehab.  I didn’t want to tell you that while we were recording, man, I was afraid it would ruin the vibe.”
“Wasn’t that the best fucking vibe ever?” she hisses, and I can feel the enthusiasm in her words.  It makes me smile.  
As I finally make my way to her, she looks at me.  “Hey, man, thanks for helping me write all those songs.  I couldn’t have done it without you.”
“Yeah, man.” Cruz says.  “The harmonies you put in there were fucking killer. You made my job so fucking easy.” He chuckles.  “We wouldn’t have made it through recording in a week if it hadn’t been for you, man.  We owe you big time.”
“I love doing it, man. You don’t owe me anything.” I say modestly.  “I’m sure if you were in my shoes, you would have done the same.”
“All the same, we’re going to make sure that Crass gives you some bragging rights on the album.” Roxy says.  “You earned it.”
“No, please.” I say, lifting a hand.  “That just complicates things. You know how it is.”
“I don’t give a shit.” Roxy scoffs.  “You basically planted the seed for me on all the songs.  Your name should be on the album.”
“Look, if that’s what you want to do, then go ahead. But it’s no difference to me.  I was happy to do it.”
“Alright, enough of that shit.” Stix waves.  “We’ve got a present for you.”
“Did that slut you’re sleeping with help with this?” Roxy jokes, smiling.  I almost think that Stix will be offended, but he cracks a smile.  “No, actually, I had my roadie go get this.”
He hands her a bag.  Nothing is gift wrapped.  It’s just a plain shopping bag with the logo from the store that it was purchased at on it.  She looks inside.  “A t-shirt?”  she snuffles a laugh.  “I go through a month of rehab and a week of recording, and all I get is this shitty t-shirt?” 
“Just look at it, you stupid asshole.” Cruz laughs.
She lifts it to look at it.  I stand behind her so I can see.  The shirt says.  ‘I went through twenty-eight days of rehab and recorded an album, and all I got was this shitty shirt’ on the front, and on the back, it says, ‘get a haircut and get a real job’.
We’re all laughing, including Roxy.
“What I want to know is…how the hell did they fit all that fucking text on there?” I chuckle, face reddening, as I look at this shirt.
“I don’t fucking know, and I don’t fucking care.” Stix laughs. “It’s a fucking cool shirt and perfect for the occasion.”
“Oh, wow, this is great.” Roxy chuckles, looking at it.  “I should, like, wear this for my very first press conference.”
Stix’s face turns serious. “Dude, no.  Nobody even knows that you were in rehab.  Let’s keep it that way.  Wear that shit for a nightshirt or something, man.  But don’t wear it in public.”
“No?” she asks, impressed.  “None of the rags picked up on it or anything?”
“Not at all, man.  And nobody followed you to the dry barn, either, so whatever Crass did to keep it on the Q-T worked.” Stix adds.
I put my arm around her.  “Hey, I got security to put you guys next to the stage for tonight’s show, man.  You get to see us play, so you can decide if you want to play with us for sure.”
She has this smirk on her face, and I’m half afraid but half eager to hear what she’s going to say.  “How much is my cut?”
That gets a giggle.
My arm is still around her.  “I don’t fucking know, man.  Let the bean counters figure that shit out.”
She shrugs.  “Fair enough.” Her eyes are on mine.  They have this…sparkle in them that wasn’t there before.  I find myself staring at her face.  She’s staring at mine, until someone clears their throat, and it breaks us of the reverie.  I don’t know what the fuck just happened, but I liked it.  I remove my arm from her shoulders.  Roxy looks around and sees a cake on the table in the back.  “There’s fucking cake, too?” she guffaws.  “Oh, man, I’m fucking starving!”
“Roxy, there’s pizza, too.” Stix says.  “Let’s dig in, man.  This is the last time we get to eat before all the shit goes down.”
The pizza is delicious.  We eat and then invite the roadies and stage crew up to finish it off.  Then we bust out the cake and it’s like a little party in the conference room.  We’re all standing around, shooting the shit, getting caught up with everyone.  The din is so loud in here, you would think it’s a goddamn concert, but we’re enjoying ourselves, despite the fact that it’s all PG.  There is no booze or drugs to be found here. The only coke here is the dark stuff in bottles.  Nobody seems to mind and everyone is having a good time.
Suddenly, Frank comes into the conference room.  His face is grim. I see him as he comes to me.  “Hey, man, we’ve got trouble.”
“What the fuck are you talking about?” I ask, concerned.  First thing I think is that the press found out about Roxy.  
He looks around.  “Come with me, man.  I don’t want to bum anyone out.”
Slick is standing next to me.  “Hey, man, what’s going on?”
Frank cringes.  “Yo, I gotta talk to Jett first, okay?”
Slick nods, but his eyes still register concern.  “Okay, man.”
My gaze shoots over to Roxy.  She’s looking at me with the same concerned look on her face as the rest of the room.  I feel like a shit for bringing the vibe down, but I have no fucking clue what’s going on.  The room is almost silent as we walk out the door.  “Yo, man, what’s going on?” I ask as soon as the door closes.  The hallway is barren save for security guys peppered here and there, looking bored out of their minds.
“Look, we’ve got trouble.” Frank looks at me.  “I got a call from Tom.” Tom is our head security guy.  “Said some guy was picked up stone cold drunk at the airport.  They were going to arrest him, but he says that he’s your brother.”
My eyes widen.  “What the fuck.”  Is Jason really here, or is this some asshole just claiming to be my brother?  “So, what now?”
“Despite Tom’s reluctance, we brought him here.”
I growl.  “Are you fucking out of your mind?”
“He showed me his driver’s licence, man.  Unless it’s a phoney, this dude is your brother in the flesh.”
“My brother fucking hates me.” I state firmly.  “He’s never come to see any of my shows, and he’d die first before hopping on a plane to come and see me.”
“I know, man.  Slick told me all about your brother.”
“And how the fuck did this psycho board a plane if he’s fucking sloshed, man?”
“He wasn’t sloshed when he got on the plane.  He was at the bar at the airport.”
“Fantastic.  Even better.” I chuckle mirthlessly.
“And what the fuck does he want with me?  I have to go on in a couple of hours.”
“Beats me.” He shrugs.  We reach an office inside one of the private corridors.  Tom is standing outside the door.
“Dude, don’t fucking leave, man.  I don’t have a clue if this asshole is my brother, and if he is, he fucking hates me.  I don’t want to go on stage with a shiner, man.” I say to Tom.  He nods but says nothing.
Frank opens the door for me, and there he is….my brother Jason.  In the flesh.  He’s sitting on a chair, looking just like me.  He’s raking a hand through his hair and there is a half-drunk mug of coffee on the desk in front of him.  He hears the door open but doesn’t move.  It’s like he can’t hear us enter.  “You want me to stay?” Frank asks, noting the recognition that comes to my face, indicating that yes, this is, in fact, my brother.
“No, man.” I shake my head, murmuring.  “Just stick around outside in case he needs something.”
Franks nods and closes the door.
I walk over to Jason, and he’s resting his head in his hands, almost in an ashamed stance.  Like he doesn’t want anyone to see his face.  “Hey, man.” I murmur to him gently.  “What’s going on?”
He looks at me for a split second, as if just making sure that it’s me.  
“I hear you tied one over at the airport.  That wouldn’t be my first choice, but whatever.”
He rubs his eyes.  It looks like the fucking guy’s been crying.  Something is wrong. Something is terribly wrong.  Aside from having shorter hair than me, Jason is like my twin.  We have always looked identical.  We sound identical, too.  It’s uncanny.  Luckily, personality-wise, we couldn’t be more dissimilar.  “Why are you here, man?  You’ve never come to see me play before. You should have told me, man. I could have made way better arrangements for you.”
He removes his hand from his face and stares off.  It looks like he’s just been told that he only has six weeks to live.  Something in the pit of my stomach drops.  “Hey.” I whisper, kneeling, so I can see his face.  “Jay…what’s wrong, man?”
His eyes start to wet, and then a tear flows down his cheek.  
What the fuck…
He sniffs before speaking softly.  “Nancy left me.”
“Oh my God.” I say softly after a beat, tucking my leg under the other one, so I’m basically sitting, Indian-style, on the floor in front of him.  My words come slow and measured.  “I’m so fucking sorry, man.”  I rub his leg.  “I…I don’t even know what to say.”
He gasps, as another tear flows down his cheek.  His voice is wet when he speaks.  “We lost the baby…” another gasp, and then a whimper.
I rest my head on his leg, feeling his pain.  “Fuck…Jason…”  I shake my head against his leg.  
We sit there as he whimpers and sobs, and I squeeze and rub his calf, not knowing what else to do.  I mean, this is the first time in fucking years that this guy has said two words to me, and these are the words I get.  What do you…what do you do with that?  I never stopped loving my brother.  Never.  It doesn’t matter how much of an asshole he’s been to me over the years.  He’s let me in his house and as much as you could cut the ice between us with a pick, I still showed up.  I love him, no matter how much he hates me.  And I hate to say it, but I’m glad that he came to me now.  It shows that I matter to him, no matter what state he’s in.
“What happened, man?” I whisper.  “Tell me what happened.” I look up at him and give him a chance to wipe his eyes with his thumbs.  He smells like a fucking brewery, but I don’t care.
Finally, after a couple of minutes, he composes himself.  His voice is shaky as he speaks, still full of emotion.  “We got into this big argument, and she started having cramps.  She said she’d been having them earlier in the day.  So I took her to hospital.  By the time we got there she was bleeding…bad.” He gasps but then takes a breath.  “They did a sonogram…” he shakes his head, and I fill in the blank.  “They took it from her…you know…before it made her sick.” He sighs heavily.  I give his leg another rub, trying to soothe him.  “She was really quiet for like a week…didn’t say much.  I came home last night and…she left me a note.”
“Oh…man…” I utter softly.  “What was the fight about, man?”
This is where he looks at me directly.  “You.”
I crane my neck.  “Me?”
He sighs again and nods, but there is no hostility in his eyes or his words.  “Nancy has always thought it’s a shitty way to treat my little brother.” He licks his lips.  “She has no siblings…and she…just thinks the world of you.  So I know that her parting ways with me was tough.” He blinks hard, licking his lips again.  “There were times when I wondered who she loved more.”
I tilt my head. “That’s fucking crazy, man.  She loves you to death.  And I bet you she’ll come around, man.  Fuck, losing a baby is devastating.  She’s just…all…fucked up, man.”
He shakes his head slowly, trying to think about that.
“How did you even find me, man?”
“I…saw that you were playing out here tonight.” He explains.  “I just bought a plane ticket and showed up.  I knew I’d need a stiff drink before talking to you, and one turned into, like, six.”
“That’s okay, man.  With what you’ve just been through, it’s cool to go on a bender.  You earned it.”
“I see you’re playing with my buddy here, too.” He says, but I can’t tell if he’s irritated or nervous by that.
“Yeah.  We play together until Buying Time’s record is released, then we’re playing with them.”
“I bet this looks really good on me, huh.” He states with a mirthless scoff.  “Coming down on all the drunks and druggies, yet here I am.” He points to himself, and his state of drunkenness.
“Hey, man, at least you have a valid fucking reason for getting hammered.” I get up off the floor, because my fucking legs are going numb.  I grab a chair with a grunt and sit next to him.  “At least you’ll sober up and move on, man.  That’s cool.”
He looks at me.  “You want to know the truth?” 
“What’s that, man.”
“I don’t even remember why I was ever angry at you.” He says, shaking his head.  “I just know that I was.”
“I was a pain in the ass little prick when I was a teenager. I’m sure I did something to piss you off then.  But hey, at least you didn’t stop me from coming around, that I’ll give you.”
“I guess Nancy just doesn’t want our kids to see how their father treats his family.  When it comes down to brass tacks, I think that’s why she left, despite losing the baby.”
I stay silent, wondering if he has more to say. I have no idea if he’s going to see it that way once he sobers up, but I’ll take it.  After a few minutes, I break the silence.  “Did she pack up all her stuff, man?  Or did she just take enough for a little while?”
“She took all her clothes.  Said she was going to stay with her parents.  I’m sure that looks great.  Her dad hates me.”
“Her dad’s cool, man.”
“Yeah, he likes you.”
 “But isn’t that always the way, man?  I mean, isn’t it the in-law’s job to hate the son-in-law?”
“They do a great job of that.” He agrees with a scoff.
I pat his back.  “Hey, man, I’ve been sucking up to my record company for years.  I can teach you how.”
He snuffles a small laugh.
“You know, all you have to do is talk shit through with Nancy.  Tell her how you flew all the way down here to see me, cried your fucking eyes out, and even saw my show.  That’ll fix her.  She’ll be back before you know it.”
“I’m not sure.  She’s pretty wrecked over losing the baby.”
“Yeah, but, you know how many women lose their first, man?  You got her pregnant once. You can do it again. And the way that I look at it, sometimes the old man upstairs gave you a dud on the first try, and he was just correcting a mistake.”
“Kind of like me, huh.” He smirks.
“Yeah.” I nod, playing along.  “Then he gave our parents me and decided he really fucked up and there’s no turning back.”
He chuckles at that.
“Hey, you want to stay to watch the show, man?”
He looks at me again, thinks about it for a second, then nods.  “Yeah.”  

Chapter 10
Roxy
The guys seem all so happy for me.  Happy that I’m back.  Happy that I’m well again.  It feels great.  What feels even better is the camaraderie in this room.  I never noticed how much we mix well together until now.  Somehow, I get the feeling that part of the reason why I never noticed such things is because I was always so wasted.  Also, I probably contributed to some tension, on account of my behavior when I was wasted.  These guys are all the best.  I’m not sure who was behind the idea of throwing this shindig for me, but something tells me that Jett had a lot to do with it.
I can feel him glancing at me every couple of minutes.  When I look over at him, he always either winks or gives me a warm smile.  The genuine love and care in that man’s eyes is almost disarming.  I mean, he looks at everyone in this room with care, but when he looks at me, it’s…different.  I can see something in his eyes that I’ve never seen in anyone else’s before.  What we shared together while I was in rehab I’ll never forget.  I’ll also never be able to repay him for it. That part is difficult to digest.  
I’ve always been an independent person, and now, I feel like I needed him, just like I needed the other guys, to get through what I just did.  It’s difficult being able to accept help, especially in the hands of failure.  Sometimes it feels like I’ll never find my way back up to the top.  But other times, it feels like I was always there, I just couldn’t see it, because I was always high.  In a way, I had success, and while it’s clear that this band is precociously sitting between success and failure as we wait for Crass’s take on the new album, it’s because I’ve been sitting in the seat of success before, and lost it, I feel like it is possible to get it back.  My path just has to be paved a little bit differently.  
As I stand here, chatting with the guys in my band, periodically glancing at Jett, I see Frank, their road manager, walk inside.  His face registers concern, and Jett’s reaction mirrors him.  I know that this isn’t because of me, otherwise I’d be the first to know, I think, but I’m still worried.  Jett’s face is all business as he walks out with Frank.  “Anyone know what’s going on?” I ask the room.
“No.” Slick answers.  “All has been good around here.  It’s obviously something personal, otherwise Frank would have come in and taken us all out.”
“I hope he’s okay.” I say, feeling the positive vibe in the room slowly die.  
“I’m sure he’s fine, chickie.” Slick says, putting his arm around my shoulder.  “If it was anything that bad, I’m sure that we would have known about it.  You know how the fucking media eats that shit up.”
“Yeah.” I nod.  “I’m sure you’re right.”
The vibe is killed in the room, so we part ways, and I head over to the hotel where I’m staying, bringing a security guy, which my boys insisted on.  Consequently, the hotel is the same one that all the boys are staying at tonight.  To keep things on the Q-T, they decided to hold the little shindig for me at the venue, where just fans are outside, waiting for tickets, not scouring local hotels, looking for signs of rock stars.  As I get up to my room, I see Jett sneak out of his room, closing the door quietly.
“Hey, Pete, give me a minute, okay?” I ask my security guy.  Another security guy from Jett’s band is on the other side of the hallway.  They exchange a look.
“Hey,” I say to Jett, who doesn’t see me, as he heads in the opposite direction, towards his security guy.
He turns around.  “Oh, hey.” He walks towards me.  “Sorry to bust out of your party like that.”
“Oh, no, that’s okay. I just hope everything is alright.  We were all kind of worried.”
“Yeah, I’m sure I bummed everyone out.” He licks his lips.  “Did you guys all come to the hotel?”
“No, just me.”
“Yeah, same here.  I’m heading back over to the venue though.  Are you going to catch some shuteye or something?”
“Isn’t that what you should be doing?”
“Yeah, that idea is kyboshed.” He explains.  “My brother’s in there.”
I crane my neck. “Your brother?”
“Yeah.” He explains to me what happened.
“Oh, shit, man.  That’s rough.”
“Yeah.  He’ll sleep it off soon enough.  He’s had a coffee, so it shouldn’t be long.”
“God, and he had six drinks? What an amateur.” I go for cute, waving.
Jett smiles.  “Yeah, I wouldn’t brag about that, honey.”
“I’m not.  I’m just trying to make you smile.  Mission accomplished.”
“So, you like your shirt?” he asks, changing the subject.
“Yeah, sure, I’ll wear it always.” I’m glib.
He chuckles.  “That part wasn’t my idea.”
“But the party was.”
“It was a collective idea.”
“Sure.”
“Hey, I have a confession to make.” He says, putting his arm around my shoulders.  We walk down the hallway, towards the doors that lead downstairs, and I’m guessing that we’re going back to the venue.
“Shoot.” I say, leaning into his hand.  I don’t know why, but it feels good where it is.  Jett seems like he’d be a great cuddler.  He likes proximity.  When he talks, listens, when he sat on the bed, helping me write songs.  He’s always got some connection.  Whether it be physical, emotional, or goddammit, I think even spiritual, he engages with me, unlike anyone else I’ve ever known.  It’s like every word, every thought I have, matters to him.
“I told you just the teensiest white lie.” He explains, pinching his fingers together. His eyes are dancing as he says this, and I know damn well that Jett is too nice to lie for anything other than noble reasons.
“Oh yeah?  Let me guess…I didn’t always look like a bag of shit back in rehab.”
He shakes his head.  “Oh, no, you were looking like bags of shit…no lie there.”
I scoff a laugh.  “Thanks, asshole.”
He laughs with me.
“You never spoke about any particular part of your anatomy, so I know there wasn’t a lie about it being a foot long, when it isn’t.” I say, playing along.
He just laughs, almost shyly, and for some reason, I think I embarrassed him.  He’s cute when he’s embarrassed.  
“So what did you lie about?”
He shakes his head, lowering it, feigning that he’s so ashamed he can’t even look at me.  “I don’t even know how to say it.” He plays like it’s a monumental lie.  A dealbreaker.
“What?” I ask, wondering if this is a game that leads up to a really huge lie, one that will change my life or his.
He stops in his tracks, looks me in the eye, and says. “You’re going to figure it out, so I might as well come clean.  Especially now that my brother’s here, you’re most certainly going to learn the truth.”
“What, Jett.  Seriously.” My voice is flat.
He looks both ways, as if he doesn’t want to be overheard.  He looks me straight in the face, with loads of conviction and speaks carefully, like it takes effort to even get the words out.  “My last name is not really Hornswaggle.”
My voice is flat but my eyes are dancing.  “I’ll never speak to you again, you lying son of a bitch.”
He lowers his head.  I like playing with him.  He’s great.  “I’m sorry.”
“How dare you.” 
“I know.  I’m so ashamed.”
“You know, Jett.  This really is going to impede our friendship.  I may never trust you again.”
“I know it.”
We start walking, but his arm is still around my shoulders.  I like it.  “So, what is your real last name?” I ask, as we approach the door.  
“Rumplestiltskin.”

***

I see my boys off to the other side of the stage. Cruz is sitting with Jett’s brother, they seem to have hit it off, somehow, as evidently Cruz and Jason have a common interest in some sports team.  Jett’s stage crew has managed to give me a seat that is right smack-dab in front of Jett.  And I’m starting to figure out why.  Evidently, they all think that Jett and I have some thing going on.  I heard something about a bet, but I’m not sure if it’s true.  Whatever.  This is a great seat.  I can see everything, and I’m not even with the rest of the audience.  I’m right by the layer of security personnel.  And I’m wearing somewhat of a disguise with my hair tied up in a messy bun, and non-prescription lensed glasses.  I’m still wearing what I normally wear, because, come on, I have to be comfortable in my own skin, right?
First, I watch Daniel’s List, and I can’t help but wonder what Wired is up to backstage.  I know when my band and I are about to go on, I’m AWOL, in the back, with Stix, snorting a line, and now, I can’t wait to go back on stage, figuring out the new things that we’ll do instead of the old tricks.  Part of me wants to go crash Wired’s warmup routine and take notes, but I know that to some bands, that time is sacred, and I don’t want to rob them of that.  They’ve already given me so much.  Instead, I sit and watch the show, in anticipation.  I don’t remember the last time I’ve actually seen a concert. I mean, I’ve been to many when I was younger, but since becoming a recording artist, I haven’t seen any, or if I did, I was too toasted to remember.
Daniel’s List is great. I can see why they’ve been around for a while.  I can also see why Jett values Storm’s skills and background so much.  The man has talent.  It’s clear.  But all the same, I can’t wait to see Wired.  And when the announcer comes over the loudspeaker, he starts naming all the band members.  “Let’s welcome Wired!  Who loves you, baby?  Is it Zane Travers?” We hear roaring from the audience.  “Or Crush Murphy?” More roaring.  It’s like a contest to see which band member the audience loves more.  “How about Slick Connor?”  Holy fucking roaring.  Yeah, they all love the lead singer, that’s for sure.  “Or…last, but not least…Jett Wagner?!”  
…so, that’s his last name.  I smile, thinking that he knew that this is their pre-stage mojo, and he probably did that, so I realized how much I’ve been missing.  And how much better my life is going to get now that I’m sober.  With the announcement of his name, I find myself screaming with the audience, feeling the vibe.  Jett’s a clever guy.  But more important, he’s all heart.  The lights are still off, just a blue light at the center of the stage is illuminating a small portion of the front, for safety.  
As the lights come on, the boys are all in position, and they waste no time.  They bust right into their first tune head on, driving the audience wild.  The light show is spectacular, and it blends perfectly with the song, which is a midline tune, not too hard, not too soft, kind of a warmup tune.  It’s not their fan favorite, but it’s also not from their new album, I don’t think. It’s a good choice.  I find myself grooving to it, waving back and forth with my hands in the air, and I can see Jett plain as day, mere feet from me.  I’ve never seen him play before.  He’s fantastic.
Jett has a unique way of tapping the fretboard; he doesn’t just strum the strings the way that most guitarists do.  He’s somewhat of a virtuoso with the instrument, and I find myself watching his technique, and his attitude with it.  He’s got a sincere, almost innate smile on his face, and his eyes close as he feels the notes.  During his solo, I can’t take my eyes off him.  The way his silky brown, shag-cut hair falls in his face, the way his toned muscles move, glistening under the lights, it’s…sexy as hell.  He’s shirtless, wearing just a pair of faded blue jeans, hugging him in all the right places. As he moves, lifting his guitar from his body to hit a screaming note, I can see it…he’s not wearing underwear…and the outline of his cock is plain as day from where I’m standing.  Holy.  Fuck.  
He slides his palm up the neck of the guitar in one smooth sweep, making the sexiest sound, along with the sexiest movement, and I watch his muscles flex, and his fingers glide.  I bite my lip and as I look at his face, it’s like he senses my gaze.  Our eyes lock for a second.  I’ve never looked at Jett this way before, but it’s also because I’ve never looked at him before.  This man screams sex from the stage.  His body, his body language, his understated skill, and the way that he does it all with this impish, sexy smile, it makes me see Jett in a whole new light.  
He winks at me, and when his solo is over, he walks over, bends down slightly to touch my fingers, and holds on for a second or two, making sure that the spotlight is on Slick, so nobody can see the contact between us.  His fingers send a pulse through my body, instantly warming me from head to toe.  Okay, I’ll admit it.  I have a crush on Jett.  There’s no denying it.  Before the show, I just thought that he was a hell of a guy, and now, the thought of those taught muscles moving on me, his nimble fingers touching me, it makes me shiver.  I get what all the fuss is about with him now.  Why all the women go nuts over him.  Jett Wagner is the whole package.  Talented, sexy as hell, and sweet, all rolled into one.
The problem is, now, how am I ever going to be able to act the same way around him again?  Do I just have rock star fever?  Will I still feel the same attraction to him when he’s off the stage?  And worse, does he feel attraction to me?  I know our friendship has blossomed into something really special, and I get it that everyone thinks that there is something more than friendship between us, but is there?  Right now, as far as I’m concerned, there is, but I’m not so sure about how he feels.  Also, I’ve just come out of rehab.  Am I doing myself a disservice if I even think about getting involved with someone right now?  I’m just starting to put the pieces of my life back together again.  What if Jett and I start something, it doesn’t work out, and then I fall off the wagon?
Okay, breathe.  Just…relax.  You’re at a rock concert, ogling the sexy guitarist.  Enjoy.  Smell the roses.  This is the first real-life experience you’ve had since getting sober.  Drink it in.  Fill your cup up.  Quit worrying about tomorrow and enjoy today.  Where all these words of wisdom are coming from inside my head, I don’t know, but I’m listening.  Loud and clear.  These guys are fucking good, man.  Just…fucking good.  You can tell that they’re not only loving being on stage and performing, but that they take their musical careers seriously.  Not one fuck-up happens during the first song, and that always seems to happen to us, no matter how much we rehearse.
Of course, it’s never anything that the audience would notice, it’s more like a beat is slightly off, or a chord is missed…something like that.  And maybe there are little nuances that I’m missing, but if there are, Wired covers it up well.  They close out their first tune with a bang, setting off a quick, five second fireworks display as the lights go down for a moment, and then they rip right into their second tune, which is a faster one, and a great call, pumping the audience up more.  The adrenaline running through my veins is heady, and the back of my neck is tense from my smile muscles working overtime.  
I’m watching Jett the whole time.  Not taking my eyes off him.  He walks to the microphone and sings backup, and I can hear his voice.  Fuck, it’s good, too.  Is there anything that this guy can’t do?  They sing a harmony together in the middle of the song, and it sounds so fucking cool.  Then I remember the words to the song, and I find myself singing along.  It’s a catchy tune, and Slick pulls the mic away from his face, pointing it to the audience, during the chorus, as they all sing along.  It’s great.  As the guitar solo comes up, Jett comes back over to his side, and does his thing, but this time, he’s starting to sweat.  Beads of it are dripping down his chest, making him glisten even more.  His hair is damp, too, giving me a mental picture of what he might look like in the shower, and I have to slap myself inside my head.
God, could he be any sexier?  And just as I’m thinking that, he whips his head back, tossing his hair up, loosening the small pieces that have fallen on his face, and I just about melt.  As he continues with his solo, he hits a spot where his pace on the fretboard is so fast, the eye can’t keep up, and then he does the ultimate trick…he runs down the side of the stage and slides on his knees to the other side…all while still playing his solo piece.  And that, my friends, is when I fall in love with Jett Wagner.  He’s a fucking god.  How the hell I never noticed it before, I have no idea, but he is.  In the flesh.  Then he does it again, running and sliding down the other side, until he reaches a couple of feet from where I am, and as he rises, when his solo is over, his eyes are on me again.
His sultry stare is disarming as Slick goes into a quick solo, where there are no instruments playing, except for a tiny tick of Crush’s drumsticks on the symbols, and that’s when Jett reaches down to me again, while the lights are on Slick and Crush, and he holds my hand for a second longer this time.  Next, as the song comes to a close, Slick goes into a short monologue, and Jett comes over to me. “Hey, are you having a good time?” he shouts over the din.
“Fantastic.  You’re so fucking talented, man!”
He smiles.  “So are you.” He winks and walks away, back to the center of the stage, where the boys join Slick, as he speaks to the audience.  Jett is fiddling with his guitar, making noises, responding to Slick’s little ditty that he’s making up as he goes along.  It’s cute and funny and catchy, but Slick keeps it simple, so the audience can sing along.  Slick squeals and Jett slides his hand up the fretboard again, leaning backward, and…holy fuck…what an ass he’s got.  It’s tight and firm, and his back muscles jut out, and I can suddenly picture them flexing as he’s on top of me, fucking me hard.  
It’s been a long time since I felt like this.  The sex I had with Stix was good and all, but it was only once in a while, when I felt the need.  He was fucking around with other girls and groupies, and guys would want to fuck me, too, but I was quick to tell them to hit the road.  I’m no slut.  I don’t fuck around with just anybody.  In fact, I think I’ve only ever fucked around in high school, not with any of the drunken losers or stalkers that come backstage.  I never even fucked around with anyone just for his name, either.  Men know that I’m not easy, and I know that some of my listenership has suffered for it, but I don’t fucking care.  I want to be known for my music, not for my ability to give head or fuck.
When they’re finished with their little ditty at the apron of the stage, Jett moves over to the spot where his brother and Cruz are, as Crush goes into a short drum solo.  He speaks for a moment with them, and then he comes back to the mic, as they bust into another song.  The crowd goes fucking insane when they hear the intro, and then I recognize it. This is their number one hit, ‘Fuss’.  I find myself singing along, too, as it’s a wicked tune, and it’s so catchy, it’s no wonder it hit number one.  The feel from the audience is like a vibration, and I find myself in somewhat of a dreamlike state, like a fan.  They’re so good, I feel so lucky that they want us to perform with them.
I’m singing along, clapping to the beat, feeling like a true fan, and Jett keeps looking my way as he sings backup and strums on his guitar, or maybe I’m imagining the eye contact, I don’t know.  I could very well be.  They do an extended outro for ‘Fuss’, making the audience go crazy.  They keep playing the final chorus over and over, making the lyrics and music crescendo, and then when it feels like the fucking roof is going to explode because the fans are shouting the lyrics so loud, they do another bit with fireworks, cut the lights, and all you can hear is the crowd screaming and roaring.  It’s fucking awesome.
About ten seconds pass, as we hear whistling in the crowd, and a spotlight shows only on Jett’s side.  It’s time for his solo.  He starts with a slow ballad, strumming the strings softly, pushing the pedal to give the guitar an acoustic sound with just a hint of harmony, and I start singing made-up lyrics to the beautiful tune.  I feel like he can hear me, and he looks over, seeing me sing, and I know that he would love to pull me up on stage with him, but he isn’t sure.  I’m not sure, either.  
He gives me a look, almost asking if I want to, and I nod.  I miss singing on stage so much it makes me ache.  He keeps playing, but turns around, motioning to the stage crew, and I feel like maybe this was planned, because the security guys that surround me automatically know to bring me up on stage through the side, and there is a microphone waiting.  Jett has one in front of him, too.  
“I want to bring my good friend up here tonight.  Hope you don’t mind.” Jett says into the microphone, and as I get on stage, I pull the phoney glasses off, as I see the camera for the Jumbotron slide over to me.  To my pleasant surprise, I don’t look too ungodly, and the audience starts cheering, recognizing me instantly.  “What do you think, Roxy?  What do you want to sing?”
I speak into the microphone.  “Do you feel like doing a duet?  I heard you singing earlier.” I turn to the audience. “What do you think?  Do you love hearing him sing?”
The audience roars and he smiles, lowering his head shyly.  He’s so fucking adorable and sexy I want to plant a kiss on him right here right now.  
“I think they want to hear a duet, Jett.”
He’s still smiling, but he starts playing, ‘Stop Dragging my Heart Around’ by Tom Petty and Stevie Nicks.  When we start singing, it’s like pure fucking magic.  The chemistry between us is palpable.  Jett has an amazing voice.  Soft yet husky, and he has that little ring when he holds a note, that makes my toes curl.  I could totally see us recording a duet.  His eyes don’t leave mine as he plays, and I wonder if he practiced this song, or if he’s just so goddamn good that he can play just by remembering the notes.  
I can’t stop looking at him, and as the song ends, he pushes his guitar over and gives me a long hug, as the crowd cheers.  Then he surprises me by giving me a sweet kiss on the lips.  I don’t know what it means but I’ll take it.  His lips are soft and warm, and even though it’s just a sweet little kiss, it makes my toes curl again.  
“Alright, let’s give Roxy a big round of applause.” Jett says, taking my hand in his.  The crowd claps loudly, whistling, and I feel like I just won one of them goddamn American Music Awards.  He leads me off the stage, holding my hand, guiding me off, until the security guys lead me the rest of the way, and as he rips into his more rugged solo, I can’t help but feel like I’ll never forget that experience.  I’ve never sung with anyone before.  I’ve never sung with Jett before.  
…and I liked it…a lot.

Chapter 11
Jett
Okay, I’ll admit it.  I set the whole thing up.  I told the guys that I wanted to bring Roxy up on stage if she was into it.  Had I not done that I’m not sure if it would have happened, and I wanted it to. For a couple of reasons.  Not just to make her experience special, but also to show Crass that we make a great team, so they’re more inclined to let us tour together.  If the crowd loves it, which they did, then they’ll buy more tickets to further shows, especially if they know that Buying Time is coming with us.  
Roxy and I did great together.  I’m not much of a vocalist, but with her voice, she brought mine up to another level.  Slick was pumped to have Roxy sing, as I know that he’s itching to do some sort of duet, too, but man, that went really well.  I’m really glad that she’s having such a great time tonight.  I think she needed that badly; to see that it’s possible to have a great time without getting hammered or high first.  She seems to be genuinely enjoying herself. Why did I kiss her?  It was a nice way to say thank you.  Also, I couldn’t resist that look in her eyes.  It might have been a mistake to do it in front of like a zillion people, but it’s not like I slipped her the tongue or anything.  It was a sweet kiss, and it made her smile, so that’s all that matters to me.
For the rest of the show, Roxy and I keep exchanging looks, and I can’t help but see something different in her eyes.  Either she’s having a great time or she’s really great at faking it.  But from what I know of her, Roxy doesn’t hide anything. She’s a take it or leave it kind of girl, and I dig that about her.  No mind-fucking games, no nothing.  What you see is what you get with her, and that suits me just fine.  We have a few meet and greets after the concert, so we don’t end up getting back to the green room for nearly an hour afterwards, and when we do, Frank is sitting in there waiting for us.
“Greg wants us to call him ASAP.” Frank reports.  The look on his face says that we should be scared.
“Shit…is it because of the duet I did with Roxy?” I ask, feeling deflated.
“He didn’t say, man. You know him.  It could go either way and don’t bother trying to read him.”
“Man, I saw the cameras, and I just knew that someone’s eyes would be on us.”
Slick takes a seat, downing a beer from the fridge in the corner of the room.  “So, get him on the phone man, let’s not be a bunch of pussies about it.”
We’ve got the whole crew in here, including Roxy and her gang, and Frank looks around.  “Do we want to do this with the whole fucking entourage in here?”
“Yeah, why the fuck not?” Crush says.  “We’ve got nothing to hide.”
Roxy looks at me from the other side of the room. She’s standing with Stix and Cruz.  My brother is standing next to them, too.  He looks much better than he did earlier.  The look on Roxy’s  face is apprehensive. “It’s okay, Roxy.  I highly doubt they had an issue with us doing the duet.  Don’t sweat it.”
My words don’t seem to put her mind at ease.  “Fuck, just call and get it over with.”
Frank dials the number and sets the fancy phone on speaker.  We go through the usual two voices before we reach Greg’s.  He answers tersely, as always.  “Hey, Frank.  It’s the whole gang here. We just finished up on stage.”
“Oh, hey.” He says.  His voice loosens slightly, making my jaw unclench.
“So, what’s the scoop?  Are we up shit’s creek without a paddle, or what?”
“Not exactly.” He says.  “I feel like a shit for not coming out there to tell you myself.  I just heard from Billboard.  Two of the releases from your new album made it to the top ten.”
I look up at the boys, who are looking at me, too. “No, shit, man?”
“No shit.  Sales are going through the roof.  At this rate, you’ll hit platinum if the momentum keeps up.”
“Fucking awesome, man.  Thanks for giving us the heads up.” I say, as we each start high fiving each other.
“You guys had it coming.  This is a great album.  Nice work.”
“Hey, thanks, man.” I say, and the guys each say thanks in the same regard.  
“No problem.  By the way, I’m flying out to see your show in a couple of nights.”
“We look forward to seeing you here.” I say.
“Talk to you then.”
“See you.”
Frank hangs up the phone and Slick is the first one to hoot and holler.  “Fucking aye, man! Woohoo!”
“Way to go, guys.” Cruz says, walking over to us.  It becomes a room full of guys hugging and high-fiving, until Roxy finally reaches me.
“You done good, kid.” She says to me, giving me a hug.
“Thanks, man.  I’m glad you had fun tonight.”
“I had a blast.  I don’t remember having so much fun at a concert before.  You guys got fucking chops, man.”
“Thanks.  So do you.”
I’m looking at her, dividing my glance between her eyes, and she’s doing the same.  Something inside me wants to kiss her so bad, but I know it’s not right.  It’s not the time nor the place.  And I know that she’s not ready for me to do anything more than hug her, so I do it again.  Except this time, I hold her tighter.  “So, how long can you stay?”
“My ticket’s open.  But I really should head back tomorrow.  Me and the boys have to get rehearsing if we want to hit the ground running with the tour.”
“Yeah, that’s true.” I agree.  “Well, at least we can enjoy tonight, anyway.”
“Not really.” She chuckles. “I don’t even have a fucking room.  My bag is in Frank’s room.  By rights, I should be catching the plane home tonight.”
I can only think of one thing to say.  “Over my dead body.”

***

There are thirteen of us piled in my room, playing strip poker.  No, really.  It’s the most PG thing we can do without booze or drugs, and it’s a hell of a time.  Slick even contributed a deck with pictures of naked chicks on the backs of them, and tits in place of numbers on each of the cards.  My brother Jason is actually kicking some serious ass in this game.  He’s the only one still completely dressed.  I suppose being a math whiz helps in certain situations.  Slick is in his underwear and seems to have no issue disrobing.  In fact, we’ve had to fight with him to keep his clothes on.
Roxy is doing pretty well, too.  She was clever and started with her hair accessories, fake glasses, etc., so we haven’t managed to get her into her bra…yet.  Me, I’m still in my jeans, but I lost my shirt in the last round.  Cruz is also fully clothed, having had some dumb luck in the game.  Crush is buck naked. He sucks at poker. He lost almost everything in the first round.  Stix has no modesty and decided to take his clothes off before we started, opting to bet against Roxy’s attire.  It’s not allowed, but we let it go, because, hey, they’ve seen each other naked.  There’s no surprises here.
“I fold.” Zane says.
“But it’s not even your turn yet.” I chuckle.  “What do you mean you fold!”
“Yeah, but my cards suck.”
“Then you bluff.” I scoff. I catch a glimpse at Roxy looking at me.  “Are you checking me out?”
“No, I was wondering where the smell was coming from. Dude, after all that sweating, you need to fucking shower, man.”
I laugh.  “You were checking me out.”
“We were all checking you out.” Crush whines. “Would you play your card, man?”
“Says the man with nothing but his tiger tooth necklace on.” Slick points out.  “Whatsa matter, buckaroo?  Is it cold in here? Your balls crawling back up into your pelvis again?”
“Fuckoff.” Crush chuckles.  “Your balls are already crawling up there and you’re still in your underwear.”
“Can we please get back to playing.” Roxy says, getting irritated.  
“Easy for you to say.” Slick mutters.  “You’re winning.”
“Of course.  Girls always win at poker.  We wear layers.”
He smirks at her.  “Dude, if I had it my way, you would have never passed hair ties as clothing.  You’d be as buck fucking naked as Crush over there.”
“In your dreams.” She says, tousling his hair.
“You want to get her naked, you should have just dared her to, man.” Stix says.
“Yeah, fuck this shit, man.” Crush says, laying his cards down.  “Let’s play Truth or Dare instead.”
“What is this, a pyjama party?” I say, my voice raising an octave.  “You’re just a sore loser, there, chicken nuggets.”
“Fuck you.” He whines.  “I am fucking cold.  I’ve been sitting against this fucking fan since we started.  If we don’t play something else, can I at least put my shirt and shorts back on, man?”
Roxy sighs. “Fine.  I’m going to bed.” She lays down her cards and walks over to the bed, flopping onto it.  
“So, what, am I supposed to sleep with Jason?” I ask her, since she’s taken my bed.
“Do whatever the fuck you want, man. I’m tired.”
“You can crawl in there with her, man.” Stix suggests. “She’s not into morning sex.”
A palpable, annoyed, moan comes from all of us in the room.  We toss our cards at him.  I throw my empty Solo cup at him.  “Gross!” 
“Yeah, man, we don’t want to hear that shit!” Crush laughs, throwing his shirt at him. But he inadvertently stands up, showing his nakedness to the room.
“Fucking put that shit away, man!” Slick laughs, covering his eyes.  “Nobody wants to see that!”
“Would you losers shut the fuck up, so I can sleep!” Roxy snarls, annoyed.
“Where the fuck am I sleeping?” I ask, standing next to her, with my hands on my waist.
“I don’t fucking care.” She says, draping her arm over her eyes.
“Jason can sleep in my room, man.  Don’t sweat it.” Slick offers.  “I’m obviously not getting laid tonight.”
“Were you hoping to, buddy?” I tease.
“Hell ya.” 
“It’s not too late, man.” Stix says.  “I saw some groupies trying to fight their way past security downstairs.”
“Says the man with the slut he fucks.” Roxy says, lifting her arm in the air.  “So much for monogamy.”
“I never said I was going to fuck any of them.” Stix points out.  “I was just saying that I saw them.”
“So you were looking.” I say.
Stix shrugs.  “I’m not dead.”
“I’m telling that slut you fuck, man, first chance I get.” Roxy sighs, turning on her side, tucking the sheets over her from the other side.
“Hey, where’s your stuff, man?” I ask her.
“In Frank’s room.  But I don’t give a shit. I’m too fucking tired to care.  I’m still…beat from rehab.”
“Yeah.” I say softly.  I’d almost forgotten that she’s spent the last month there minus the week they spent in the recording studio.  “I’ll go grab your stuff.” Then I address the room. “Okay, guys, party’s over.  Nightie night.”
“Grab your bag, man.” Slick says to Jason.  “Come with me.”
Storm claps Jason on the back. “Hey, man, it was nice seeing you.  Take care, man.”
“Yeah, you too.” Jason says to him.  
The guys from Daniel’s List have been a little bit quiet since the show tonight, and I wonder if they feel like they’re old news, seeing as Buying Time all but crashed the show.  They don’t seem resentful, but I can’t help but feel like they might be getting squeezed out, even though we did agree to only tour together until Buying Time could join us.  “Hey, thanks for hanging with us, guys.” I say to them.  They all seem good-spirited, high-fiving me and all, so I start to think that maybe I should finally listen to my mother and stop fucking worrying so much.
I walk over to Frank’s room and grab Roxy’s bag.  He’s in there watching some old black and white western movie. I suppose that’s all that’s on at this hour.  It’s nearly two o’clock in the morning.  “Hey, how’s your brother?” Frank asks.
“He’s good.  He’s bunking in with Slick tonight.  I think he’s going to fight for Nancy from what I understand.”
“That’s the way to go.” Frank says, giving a thumb’s up.  I suspect Jason told Frank all about what happened with him and my sister-in-law.  As I head back to my room, I see that Roxy is passed right out.  I get ready for bed quietly and slide into the other bed, being careful not to wake her.  She doesn’t even budge…until I hear her scream about an hour later.  She must be having a bad dream, because I hear her batting the sheets. I turn on the lamp and jump out of bed in my underwear, going to her.
“What’s wrong…what’s wrong.” I speak quickly yet softly, still half asleep.
“There’s something in my fucking bed!” she’s squealing, tearing out of it like a snake tried to crawl up her ass or something.
I peel the sheets off like they’re on fire, and lo and behold, there’s nothing there.  I look around the floor to see if something scurried away, but there’s nothing.  Roxy is freaking out, jumping up, as though touching the floor with her feet burns.  “What the fuck was it?” she asks, still rattled, still lifting her feet off the floor like something is trying to crawl up her leg.
“There’s nothing there.” I say, pulling her sheets apart layer by layer, to no avail.  “You were just having some fucked up dream or something.”
“I swear to God there was something there, man. I’m not losing it.” She’s adamant.
“Well, if there was something there, it’s gone.”  I look at her.  Her clothes are all wrinkled up and sideways.  “Why don’t you go get into your pyjamas.  You’ll be more comfortable. Maybe it won’t feel so much like something is trying to crawl on you.” I say reasonably, tossing her sheets back on her bed, tucking them in.  She’s still looking around, like she’s completely convinced that there’s something there.  When I’m finished re-making her bed, I hand her her bag.  “Here.  Go get changed.  You’ll feel better.” I gesture with my head towards the bathroom, so she can go in there for privacy.
“I’m not going in there.” She says firmly.  “What if the fucking thing crawled in there already?”
I sigh, raking a hand through my hair.  “Roxy, sweetheart, you’re losing it a bit, honey.”
“I am not.  I’m telling you there was something in my bed, and now it’s…in here.”
I lift my hands up in defeat.  “Okay. You change out here.  I’ll get in bed and turn over, so I don’t see anything.”
She gives me an approving look.  I trot over to my bed and climb in, pulling the sheets over my head.  I can hear her scrambling through her bag, pulling things out, and then I hear her zipper pull down and her getting undressed.  Part of me wants to sneak a peek, but part of me just wants to go back to sleep.  I’m tired, I stink from not taking a shower before bed, and I forgot to brush my teeth. Not at all sexy.  I hear her set her bag on the floor and then she turns out the light.  Surprising me, she climbs in next to me.  “Uh…what the fuck are you doing?” I ask.
“I’m not sleeping in that fucking bed, man. Move over.”
“Jesus Christ. Are you insane?”
“No, I’m not insane, but I also don’t like it when things try to attack me from under the sheets. So don’t try anything funny…not unless you don’t like your balls in their exact location.”
The old Roxy seems to have resurfaced. “God, you’re a fucking thrill.”
“Shut up and go to sleep.”
“Don’t…tell me what to do.  You’re in my room, and now you’re in my bed, firing off demands. God, what a bitch.”  
“I’m sorry.” She seethes.  “I am a bitch when I’m tired.”
“No shit.”
“You’re not exactly high class either, Wagner.  You fucking liar.” 
“Are you going to start now?  Because I can kick you the fuck out the door, man. I don’t have to take this shit.”
“Fine.” She shoves me.  “Shut up and go to sleep.”
“Don’t fucking push me.  I’m in my goddamn underwear.”
“What’s that got to do with anything?” she scoffs.
“Nothing…just…fucking shut up.” I say, pulling the sheets more my way.
“Quit…stealing all the covers. I’m fucking freezing.”
“I’d expect that…from an ice queen.”
She scoffs, trying not to laugh.  “Shut up!”
“That’s probably what that was in your bed, you know.  Fucking ice under the sheets.”
She hits my shoulder, laughing.  “Shut up!”
I chuckle.
“Then you probably got hit with a ton of ice, judging by how small your balls are, Wagner!  I caught a glimpse in your little tidy whities!”
“I knew you were checking me out.” I grunt turning over onto my back.  “Notice how I was a complete gentleman and didn’t even look once at you.”
“That’s because you know I’ll kick your fucking ass if you do.”
She smells fucking amazing.  I have no idea what she’s wearing and I’m afraid to find out.  But shit…you only live once.  “What do you have for pyjamas, anyway?  I pictured you the nightshirt kinda gal, personally.”
“You pictured me?” 
“Well…you know what I mean.”
“No…I don’t know what you mean.” She snuffles.
“Just…just like I picture you the kind of girl that eats cereal instead of yogurt in the morning…like that.  Nothing…perverted, you sicko.”
She rests her head closer to mine.  “Fine.  I’m in exactly what you pictured.  Just a nightshirt.  Nothing special.” She pauses. “I pictured you as the guy who sleeps in his birthday suit.”
“You pictured me?”
That gets an elbow in the ribs.  Her head is almost touching mine.  It’s kind of like we’re having a sleepover, the way that we’re chatting in bed like this.  I chuckle, rubbing the spot, putting her hand back on her side of the bed using my hand.  “I usually do sleep naked.  But since I have a bedroom buddy tonight, I figured I should put something on.”
“Ah ha. I was right.” She’s impressed with herself.
“I was right too.”
“Fine.”
Our eyes have adjusted to the darkness.  She looks over at me.  “You don’t think I’m nuts, do you…for thinking that something was crawling in my bed?”
I stare at her for a moment, and keep my eyes pinned on hers, making an effort not to look at her lips.  “Na, you just had a bad dream.” I clear my throat and slide my hand under my head. “After all the withdrawal and shit you just went through, I think a reaction like that would be considered perfectly normal.”
She turns over to face me, tucking her hand under her pillow.  “You don’t really think I’m a bitch, do you?”
My gaze returns to hers.  “Why do you care so much?”
“Because…you deserve better than me treating you like that.  I just…freaked out a little bit.”
“Well, you don’t really think I’m a liar, do you?”
She shakes her head no.  “I was just…having a meltdown.”
“I get it.” I smile at her with my eyes.  
Surprising me, she wraps her arm over my chest and snuggles into me. “You don’t mind, do you?”
“As long as you don’t mind my smell.”
“You don’t smell.”
“Now, who’s the liar.” I snuffle a laugh.  “I didn’t even shower before bed. I’m covered in layers of sweat from tonight.”
“Maybe my sense of smell is toasted.  I don’t smell anything.”
I’m not sure where to put my hand, so I wrap it around her, and wait to see if she tells me to move it.  “You realize that I’m in my underwear, right?”
“So?”
“Roxy…the cuddler.” I tease, rubbing her back.  “Never pictured it.”
“Well…don’t get used to it.  It’s just because of the bad dream.” She yawns.  “By morning I’ll be an ice queen again.”
Her head rests on my chest.  We both fall asleep like that.  Neither of us wakes up until the morning.  When I wake up first, our bodies are entangled.  Her leg is over mine, her breast is pressed up against my chest, and I’m a hundred percent positive that she’s not wearing underwear, because I swear to God I feel downy hair on my leg…Instant…Fucking…Hard-on.  I inch my way out from under her and trot to the washroom before she wakes up.  Cold, icy water pours over me in the shower as I essentially wash my erection down the drain, while shivering with cold.  
When I’m showered and changed, I exit the washroom, and Roxy is still stone-cold asleep.  I’m fucking starving, so I call downstairs to room service and order breakfast for two.  She doesn’t budge.  I’ve never known a person to sleep that soundly before.  It’s like eight o’clock in the morning, and I can hear people walking around in the hallway.  The sun is beaming inside from the balcony window, so I go outside and light a cigarette, leaving the sliding door open, so I can hear when room service arrives.  
I hear Roxy bolt out of bed and trot into the bathroom, and I stick my head inside the room, noting that she didn’t close the door.  “Hey.  You okay?”
“Yeah.” She says, “Just had to piss like a racehorse.” I listen as she pees like she’s been storing it for a day.
“You don’t…uh…close your bathroom door?”
“Not usually.  Why?  Does that bother you?”
“It’s just…weird.  I thought chicks liked to keep that part private.”
“What?  The fact that I shit and piss just like you?”
I chuckle.  “For privacy.”
“I don’t know.” I can hear the shrug in her voice.  “I never really had a lot of modesty, I guess.  And being the only girl in a guy band, I got used to the boys never bothering to close the door.  We just…don’t look down.”
“Whatever works for you.” I say casually.  “I can dig it.”  I hear a knock at the door.  “Shit, that’s room service.” I trot over, keeping my eyes on the door, and open it, taking our stuff from the server, and giving him a tip.  When I close the door, Roxy is standing next to me.  “You hungry?”
“Famished. What did you order?  Fuck it.  I’ll eat anything.”
“I’m the same.”
We eat breakfast and she goes for a shower, while I chill, watching television, knowing that this is the last chance I’ll get to relax today.  I hear a knock at the door and go answer it.  It’s Cruz.  “Hey.” I say to him.
“Hey.  You have fun with Roxy last night?” he asks coyly.
“Fuckoff, nothing happened.” I grin, knowing that he’s just fucking with me.
“Okay.  She hit the road already?”
“No, she’s just in the shower.”
I hear it as soon as it comes out of my mouth. Cruz smiles like the Cheshire Cat.
“Fuckoff, man.” I chuckle.  “Really, she’s just taking a fucking shower, man.  Not because I just fucked her brains out or anything.”
He gasp/chuckles, knowing that he’s getting under my skin.  “Alright, fine, bro.  Can you let her know that we’re hitting the road? I’ll see her back home for rehearsal.”
“Sure. What time’s your flight?  Hey, I thought you guys were sticking around for a couple of days.”
He shakes his head. “No can do, man.  Greg said that Crass wants us back to start rehearsals.  They want to see us ASAP, too.  I’ll take it.”
“But I thought that he was coming out to see the show tomorrow night.”
“Plans change, man.  Crass says jump, Greg asks how fucking high.  You know how it is.”
“Gotcha.  Okay, I’ll let her know.”
“Thanks, man.  I’ll see you when I see you.”
He claps me on the back and I reciprocate. And then I close the door.  Roxy’s done in the shower, and I hear her fumbling around in there, getting ready.  “You’re not going to, like, walk out naked or anything, are you?” I chuckle at the door.  “Because I’m still here, you know.”
“Hardy har.” 
She emerges a few minutes later, dressed, with a towel on her head.  She smells fucking amazing.  “It’s too fucking hot in there to do my hair.” 
“There’s a mirror over there.” I point towards the door.  “Cruz was just here.  He said to tell you that he and the guys are heading back home.  Greg and Crass put their foot down and want you guys back.”
“Shit.” She says, pulling the towel off her head and hanging it on the doorknob.  Her natural black hair is long and sexy as hell all messed up from the shower.  It’s naturally straight, but it looks fucking amazing all tousled like that.  I try not to look at her.
“Well, don’t sweat it, babe.  He said it’s a good sign.  Apparently Crass wants to see you guys ASAP.  I’d say that’s good.”
She’s brushing her hair all back and then she parts it down the side and brushes her bangs in front.  The woman is fucking gorgeous. Not a stitch of makeup, but her lips and eyes stand out a mile.  The color in her cheeks is very evident after a hot shower.  She’s like, supermodel beautiful, but I don’t say as much.
“Yeah, we’ll see.” she says, unconvinced.  She finished brushing her hair, and she goes to pick the towel up.  I walk over to her.
“Hey.” I say, taking the towel.  “Leave that there.” My voice is soft.  “You’ve got nothing to worry about.”
She doesn’t look at me at first, but then I tip her chin up, so she has to.  “You and the boys have cut one hell of a record.  You wait and see.” I search her eyes.  “I promise you I’d never lie to you about your music, and I think it’s a winner.”
Roxy doesn’t say anything.  She just blinks, digesting, and I don’t know what comes over me, but I kiss her lips softly.  It’s kind of a kiss to seal the deal on what I said. It wasn’t exactly a sexual kiss.  It wasn’t a non-sexual kiss, either.  It was somewhere in between.  While she doesn’t recoil, she also doesn’t look at my lips, like she wants more.  I know this isn’t the time for her.  I know that her mind is in about a thousand different places right now.  But I believe in her and I want her to know that.  And I think that a kiss kind of says that after what I just tried to convey to her.  
“Thanks.” Is all she says, but the conviction is in her eyes.  She knows that I mean what I said, and that’s all that matters to me.  “I should get going and catch a flight.”
“Yeah.” I agree.  I know exactly how she feels.  It’s like you have to hit the ground running when you cut a record.  Just when you think that the hard part is over, it gets even more difficult…until you hit the stage.  Then it shines.  “I’ll let Frank know that you’re ready to go. He’ll give you a lift to the airport while I go round up the boys for our rehearsal.”
“Today’s word of the day is…” she jokes, tossing her stuff into her bag.  I trot over to Frank’s room and knock on the door.
“Hey, buddy.  Roxy’s ready to head to the airport.” I say through the door.  He opens it five seconds later.
“Yeah, okay.  Let me call the airport first.”
“Okay.”
I guess one of the roadies took the other guys from Buying Time over to the airport, as I know they have a flight already, whereas Roxy’s ticket is open.  I walk back to my room and she’s just drying her hair a little with the hair dryer.  She’s so fucking beautiful I have to stop myself from gawking at her.  When she’s done, I say.  “Frank’s calling the airport.”
“Fuck that. I’ll just go.  They’ll get me on a redeye or something.”
“Whatever you like.”
She walks to me and surprises me, giving me a hug, like she’s been hanging on this whole time.  “Thank you.” She says as I hold her tight.
“You’re welcome.” I kiss her head.  “I don’t know what for, but you’re welcome.”
She doesn’t answer verbally. She just holds me tighter.  I reciprocate. We stand there holding each other, until she squeezes me really tight, and then pulls back so I can see her face.  “So, I’ll see you when I see you.”
“Yeah.” I nod.
Her eyes go to my lips and she kisses me quickly, like she’s talked herself into it, and if she doesn’t do it, she’ll lose her nerve.  But then she lets it linger for a second or two.  Her lips are so goddamn soft, but I feel like the kiss is tentative, and I know that she’s leaving, so I don’t allow myself to feel too much.  She pulls back, kisses my cheek, kisses further back on my cheek, and then hugs me quickly again.  It’s like she’s trying to tell me that she’s going to miss me or something.  
“Call me.” She says, and then she kisses my lips again, but this time it’s different.  It’s still sweet, but it’s like a lover’s goodbye kiss.  And I don’t know how to read it.  Before I can say anything else, she picks up her bag, and walks out of the room.
…what the fuck was that…

Chapter 12
Roxy
I don’t know what just came over me, but I wanted to kiss him…so bad.  Could be because he’s the sweetest, most caring man I’ve ever met.  Slept in his bed and he didn’t even try anything, oh, but I see this look in his eyes.  He looks at me differently than any other man.  Strange to say, but, I think Jett truly believes in me.  Sure, the guys in the band do, too, but this is different.  He wants to see me succeed, and not just so I can tour with him, either.  There are no guarantees that Crass will give us the green light to tour with Wired, so Jett’s efforts are strictly out of kindness, I think.  
As I walk down the hall, still tasting him on my lips, it’s weird, but I feel like I miss him already.  Usually, I can’t wait to get miles away from any guy, even Stix.  But not Jett. I…I didn’t want to leave him.  Even with the million things I have to do when I get back home, I still didn’t want to leave.  I think about him all the way home.  The way he jumped out of bed last night and comforted me, even after I was a total bitch to him.  And how he accepts me, warts and all, and believe me, there are plenty of warts.  But he’s not soft about it, either.  I can’t stand wimpy guys that fold at the drop of a hat.  Jett doesn’t put up with my shit, and it’s weird, but I like that. 
The guys and I meet up at my place, where we use the basement as a place to rehearse, and the vibe is great, better than it has ever been.  We’re so excited to play some of these rocking tunes on stage.  We put together a set list, making sure to make it a good mixture of well-known songs from our older albums, and a decent helping of the ones from the new album.  We always adjust later, when we see how much response we’re getting from the Billboard charts, but we’re pretty confident with what we have so far.
After rehearsal, we head over to Crass, for our meeting, and we’re all so goddamn nervous, we don’t say two words to each other on the way over in my car.  Greg, our manager, plus Pete, the head honcho of music acquisitions, and Richard, the CEO of Crass, are all sitting in a room, looking like they want to tag team us and they suspect they’ll win, even though they’re outnumbered slightly.  I’m so nervous I want to puke.  It’s so weird.  I’m always hammered at these things.  This is the first time being sober and I could easily fold and grab a beer to calm my nerves.  
“Roxy.” Pete nods at me.  “You’re looking like you’re back from the dead.”
I think that’s a compliment, but I’m not sure.  “Thanks.” 
Greg sees me and offers me a tight smile.  I’d like to slug him one he’s so smug.  He has his nose so far up Crass’s ass it makes me want to puke even more.  Your manager is supposed to go to bat for you and your band, not corral against you with the record company.  Somehow, I think Greg has it backwards, and has since he took our contract from day one.  I decide to paste on a brave face and blurt.  “So, let’s cut to the chase, man.  What’s the scoop with the tour?  Can we go with Wired?”
Stix widens his eyes at me, shocked.  I look at the other guys and they’re hanging by a thread.  I’m done with this shit, so I add.  “Look, it’s in the bag, man.  We’ve got our set list ready to go, we started rehearsing today.  We’re ready.”
Cruz backs me up with a nod.  “Yeah, we’re more up for this than ever, man.  I say contact the promoters and get this fucking ball rolling.”
Greg and Pete exchange a look, while Richard sits there, steepling his fingers together, like he’s going to refute.  I want to throat punch all three of the motherfuckers.  After gazing at Pete, Greg swallows and looks at us.  He says four words that shock the shit right out of me. “I’ll make a call.” He nods.
My face brightens.  “Are you fucking serious?”
For the first time ever, Greg cracks a smile.  “I am.”
“No fucking around?” Stix asks, serious.
Richard draws in a deep breath and speaks levelly.  “It’s a solid album.  We’ve given three singles to stations for radio play.  The album is being cut as we speak.  It will be released in three weeks.  You guys rehearse until your fucking fingers and voice boxes bleed, so you make sure you’re ready.  It’ll take some doing but I think we can pull it off.” He pauses.  “As long as you’re up for it, Roxy.” He speaks cautiously, like I’m precariously on the edge of falling off the wagon.
“Fuck yeah.” I scoff righteously.  “I’m more ready than I’ve ever been, man.  Let’s do this.”
Then he gut punches me with another statement.  “You make this album sizzle on the charts, and we’ll extend your contract. You don’t, you’re out.”
I look at him with as much conviction as I can muster.  “I’ll give it all I’ve got, man.  I promise.”

***

“You’re fucking kidding, man.” Jett’s so fucking impressed I can hear the smile on his face.  “I can’t believe it, but at the same time, I can.  I knew that album was the shit.  What did I tell you.”
“So, do you think that we can put this shit together, man?”
“You bet we can.  We’ll let the crew figure all that out, but yeah, we can totally do this.”
“Man, I’ve got butterflies in my stomach.” I chuckle.
“Me too.”
I bite my lip, and then I blurt.  “Fuck, it’s weird…but, I miss you.”
He chuckles.  “It’s not weird at all.  I miss you, too.”
“I’m serious.  I can’t fucking wait to see you.”
“Me neither.  This is so fucking exciting.”
He thinks I mean I miss him as an artist, but I miss him.  His smile, his hugs, I just miss being around him.  Hearing his voice helps, but I seriously miss the guy.  What’s the matter with me?  I’ve never missed anyone since my dad died.  “I’m excited, too.” He pauses.  “Maybe you can come out again and see another show in between rehearsing and shit.”
“I don’t know.” I speak tentatively.  “Crass still has us on the chopping block. If we don’t deliver, we’re out.  The three of them basically tag teamed us.”
“Don’t let those assholes get under your skin and take away your shine, man.  You just rehearse your asses off and come on out here.  We’ll blow the motherfuckers out of the water.”
The conviction in his voice makes me feel warm inside.  “God, you’re…so…you.”
“You’re so you, too, Roxy.” He says.  His voice is warm and gooey.  If he were here right now, I would kiss him.  And I want to so bad.  We’re silent on the phone, listening to each other breathe, hearing each other’s smiles…as if that’s possible.  But somehow I can hear his and I know that he can hear mine.  “I really do miss you.” He says finally, and it sounds more like I feel, like I miss him as a person, as a friend, as a potential something else…some day.
“I miss you, too.” My voice is soft.  I hear something in the background.
“I hate to let you go, but I have to go on soon.”
“No, you go.  I just…wanted to let you know what was going on.”
“I’m glad.  I’m so…proud of you, Roxy.”
I bite my lip again. “Thanks.”
“I’ll talk to you soon.”
“Yeah.  Good luck tonight.”
“Thanks.”
“See ya.”
“Yeah, see ya.”

***

“Roxy?” Jett says, shouting over the din.
“Yeah, it’s me.  Why’s it so noisy?”
“Window cleaners outside.  The lift needs a shitload of grease.”
I chuckle.  “Where the hell are you?”
“In my room.  Just chilling out before sound check.  Thought I’d see how things were going.”
“Great.  I’m so excited.” I gush. “We’ve only got another couple of weeks of rehearsing and we’re so there.”
“We’re pretty excited, too.”
“Hey, I meant to ask…how’s your brother?”
“He’s good.  I spoke to him a couple of days ago.  He and my sister-in-law are working things out.”
“Oh, that’s good.  I’m glad to hear that.  Marriage is tough shit, man.”
“No kidding.  Hey, how come you haven’t made it out here to a show yet?  You been jammed with rehearsal?”
Truth is, I really want to go see him, but yeah, we’re rehearsing every day, making damn good and sure that we’re ready.  It usually takes at least a couple of months of rehearsals, rehearsing every other day or so, sometimes more, but since we’re on such a tight schedule, we’ve been doing it daily, and into the night sometimes.  I’ve been too exhausted to even think about hopping on a plane.  “Yeah.  I think I know the words to every song I sing in my sleep almost.”
“Yeah, I know the feeling.”
“And you’re busy rehearsing and doing sound checks and everything, too.  Shit, I’ve barely spoken to you since we came out to see the last show.”
“It’s the life.” He pauses, and the room finally quiets. “The promoters must be really pumping the commercials and shit through for our shows.  You should have seen the queue for tickets the night before last.  It was literally a mile long.”
“Really?  God, that must just get you tingling.” 
“It does.  Our album is kicking ass evidently, and it shows.”
“Ours comes out in a couple of days.  We had two interviews already.”
“God, I’m so excited for you.” I can hear the sincerity in his voice.  I wish I could bottle the feeling it gives me.
“I just…can’t wait for these next two weeks to go by.”
“Me neither.” He sighs.  “I feel like…I don’t know…we’ve got a couple of days off this weekend. Why don’t I ditch these guys and the sightseeing and come see you instead?”
Say yes, say yes, oh, God, say yes.  “Jett, I really don’t think that’s going to work.”  Stupid!  What are you doing?!  You know how much you miss him and how badly you want to see him!  “We’ve got a couple more interviews on the weekend, and in between rehearsals…I’d be squeezing you in.”
I can hear the disappointment in his voice.  “I knew you were going to say that.  I don’t know why I even asked.” He chuckles shyly.  “I just…fuck it…I miss you.”
“I miss you, too. I miss your hugs.” I smile.
“I miss yours, too.” He snuffles. “God, this is weird, isn’t it?”
“What’s weird?”
“Oh…nothing. It’s stupid.” He says, defeated.  “I should go.  I’ve got to get over to sound check.  I’m surprised that the guys haven’t come banging down my door yet.”
“Okay.  I’ll see you in a couple of weeks?”
“Yeah.” He says softly.  “I’ll see you soon.”
“See ya.”
When I hang up the phone, I note how warm I feel, because of what Jett said…or didn’t say.  He wanted to tell me something but stopped himself.  He probably thinks that I’m not on the same page as him, but I am.  
…just…how do I tell him?

***

Our album was released today, and I’m so goddamn excited, I can’t sleep.  I’m laying in bed, listening to my heart go pitter patter with anticipation.  We leave for the tour in two days and I think I’ll die before that.  It’s like two o’clock in the morning.  We rehearsed all day and then went to a release party for one of the most popular music shows on television, which is luckily recorded right here in Los Angeles.  The fans were nuts there.  We performed two of the songs off our new album, and they were insane.  It was great.
As I rewind the day’s events in my head, my phone rings, and I know it can only be one person calling this late.  “Do you ever sleep?” I answer in a soft laugh.
“Um…occasionally.” The female voice says.
I bolt up in bed.  “Who the fuck is this?” I ask, my voice panicked.  The house has Fort Knox security, and I’m tucked away in a mess of thick foliage. Nobody knows where I live except those who need to know.  As a bonus, my neighbor is the chief of police at the local precinct.  Anything goes wrong he’s the first to know.  Once, I had a stalker climb the fucking fence, but he tripped the security wire at the bottom and set it off, sending the cops here within minutes.  Did I mention the rottweiler I have, guarding the place, too?  He actually belongs to my housekeeper, but her husband is allergic.  That worked out well for me.  Satan would eat a fucking tissue if it posed a threat.  My stalker got his balls eaten before the cops arrived, and by then he was so happy to see them, he surrendered without a fight.  Bye bye stalker friend.
Fortunately, Satan loves me, and all I need to do is make any sort of indication that I’m in danger, and that dog will kill.  His sense of hearing is also unsurpassed.  The dog can hear fucking snails crawl.  His head is like a fucking two by four, too. He once knocked his wooden doghouse over by head butting it, because his food dish got stuck in the doorway.  The house weighs over a hundred pounds.  I’m walking towards the bedroom window, and I can see Satan sleeping in his house. All is well outside, which makes the pounding in my heart calm slightly.
“It’s…mom, Roxy.”
I almost drop the phone.  “Fuckoff.  Who is this.” My voice is flat, like the caller is full of shit.  My mom would have no fucking clue where I live, let alone have my phone number.  “Look, my neighbor is a fucking cop, so I suggest you leave me alone.” I threaten.  I’ve had to change my phone number a handful of times over the years. Looks like I’ll be making a call to the phone company to do that honor again tomorrow.
“Roxy, it’s mom.  You want proof?” she starts naming off the hospital that I was born in, my birthdate, and a few other facts that any fan could pull out of a Hardwired magazine.
“Nice try.  I’m hanging up now.  Lose my number.” I say, unable to control the shaking in my hands. I knew this kind of shit would happen right before a tour. This is the last thing I need.  I’ll have to increase security and alert the crew that we have another weirdo on the loose.
“Roxy…wait.” She says, and then she starts singing a lullabye to me.  Just the way my mother sang it to me when I was a kid.  Truthfully, I get my voice honestly. Mom always had a beautiful voice.  This song was something she made up, therefore, nobody would ever know the lyrics.  Something else I picked up from dear old mommy.  
I pause, listening.  As I live and breathe, it’s my mother.  For real.  My voice lowers to almost a whisper.  “How did you find me?”
“I was at the recording tonight, believe it or not.” She explains.  “Regan is quite a fan and she got tickets.  Her friend got sick and couldn’t make it, so she asked me.” Regan is my stepsister.  The only reason I know about her is because I met her a few times while I still lived at my mom’s.  She’s a fucking airhead.
“And somebody just…gave you my phone number?”
“Regan has grown into quite a woman.  She talked one of the roadies into giving it to her. I had to show I.D. of course, and it’s thank God you and I share your father’s surname still.” She never changed her last name when she remarried?  I never knew that.
“How did she even get tickets?”
“She works for WSBW.” That’s the super popular local radio station.  I don’t suppose she got that job by name-dropping.  Or by giving blow jobs.  That’s probably how she got in tonight, also how she scored my phone number.  How the hell one of my roadies even had it is beyond me.  Somebody’s getting fucking fired.  
“Huh.” I cluck my tongue. “So, what do you want?”
She scoffs, as if I’m the one being ridiculous.  My mother, a woman I haven’t spoken to in more than ten years, is calling me in the middle of the night, and she thinks I’m ridiculous?  “Well, Roxy, I just wanted to see how you’re doing.  I’ve tried to contact you, and now that your new album is out, I knew that you’d be making appearances somewhere.”
“You need money or something?”
She laughs.  “No.”
“Really?  You mean, your super-rich husband gives you enough pin money these days?”
Rick, the asshole, is some investment banker on Wall Street.  
“I didn’t call you for money, Roxy.  I never have.  Besides, Rick and I aren’t together anymore.”
“So, you finally ditched the loser, did you?” I ask facetiously.  “How come you and Regan are still tight?”
“Well, we have a lot in common, Roxy.  We both got screwed over by him.”
“What happened?” I ask flatly, not like I care, I’m just curious.
“It’s very cliché.  He cheated.”
“Rick?  Rico Suave?  Cheated?  You don’t say.” Mr. Wall Street didn’t leave the bedroom without a fucking Armani suit on.  He had his hair cut every two weeks, and he was the only straight guy I ever knew that got a fucking mani-pedi.  “So, did he at least give you a good settlement?”
“Roxy, I didn’t call you to talk about money.”
“Why did you call me then?”
“Exactly why I just said. I wanted to see how you were doing.  I am your mother, after all.” Some mother.  My father commits suicide in his bedroom one night, and a year later, she’s walking down the fucking aisle with the richest man in town.  Cha-ching!  Dad left her a great life insurance policy, which she cashed in pretty quick.  Twenty bucks says that ol’ Rico Suave got a good chunk of that change to invest in the stock market.  Asshole.  Meanwhile, I’m waiting tables at the fucking IHOP just to buy myself a guitar and a set of amps.  Then she floors me with another comment.  “I hear you got sober.”
“Where’d you hear that from?”
“So, it’s not true?”
“I didn’t say that.”
“Well, did you?”
“Why do you even fucking care?”
“Roxy, your language.” She chides.
“Oh, don’t give me that fucking bullshit. You haven’t been a mother to me in a decade, and now you want to lecture me?”
“Roxy…I…I’m sorry.  I did try to contact you.”
“Not like I would answer you.”
“That’s why I gave up.”
“So, why the change of heart now?” I ask, skeptical, and smelling a rat like Satan caught one in the brush.
“I always had it in the back of my mind to get in touch.  I saw an opportunity to reach out and I took it.”
“You mean you bribed someone to give you my number so you could manipulate something out of me.  God, you never change.”
Mom changes the subject.  “Roxy…I’m so glad you’re sober.  I saw you in some of those magazines, and you just looked awful.”
“Fuck you.  You never gave a shit about me.  Why do you care now?  You’ve got your precious Regan.  What do you need me for?”
“There’s no need to be jealous of Regan, Roxy.”
“I never said I was jealous of that shit for brains.  I said if you have her, why the fuck do you need me.”
“Roxy, you’re my only child.  I…missed you.”
“Bullshit.  What do you want.  You were more than happy to squeeze me out of that house and replace me with Regan, just to please your deep-pocketed asshole, and now that he’s out of the picture, suddenly you reach out to me?  Just how long ago did he give you the heave-ho, anyway?”
“I gave him the heave-ho, actually.” She brags.
I’m snide.  “Good for you. Was that before or after you took him for all he had.”  Part of me is kind of happy if she did milk him for what he was worth, but the other part of me just doesn’t give a shit.  If he left her dry it looks good on her.
Mom sighs, but it’s a sigh of defeat.  She knows that I’m pushing her against a wall.  “Geez, for someone who is sober, you’re awfully crotchety, Roxy.”
“Why the fuck do you care? And who the fuck told you I was sober?!”
“Same guy who gave me your number.”
“Okay, I want a name.”
I wait for her to say, ‘for how much?’, but she doesn’t.  “I don’t know, Roxy.  He was tall and lank.  He was looking Regan up and down like she was a Porterhouse steak, frankly. She saw an opportunity and took it.  All she did was hand him a one hundred dollar bill. It didn’t take much.  I wondered what information he would have given had she given him both the bills she had.”
“Tall and lank, huh.” I think to myself.  It could be anyone.  There are no short, fat roadies.  “Did he have a moustache?” I ask, and she says no.  We run down a list of other physical features, and this guy sounds nothing like one of my roadies.  It’s driving me nuts.  “Oh…my God.” I sigh.  “I had no idea there were so many crew there tonight.”
“You’re popular, Roxy.” 
“Yeah.  Pretty convenient for you, huh.” I point out.  “You didn’t want any part of me when I was just a garage band.”
“That’s not true, Roxy.  You were a tough teenager.”
“I was only tough because you were a fucking basket case for a mother.  It’s no wonder my dad blew his fucking head off.”
That stifles her, taking her down a notch.  “Look, Roxy, your dad had a lot of…problems.  Inherited problems.”
“Yeah, yeah, the same ones I inherited. Heard it.” I wave, growing bored.  “And your constant needling, manipulating and emotional abuse didn’t push him to do all those things, did they.” I pause for a half a second.  “And let’s not forget you fucking around on him, either.  Now that really pushed him over the edge.  Karma is a real bitch, isn’t it, mother dearest.”
“Roxy, please.” She says weakly.
“You called me, don’t forget that.” I’ve had enough.  I hang up the phone with a bang so harsh it makes the ringer ding.  I put my head in my hands…and the tears start.  I’m sobbing when the phone rings again.  I don’t want to answer it.  I really don’t.  But God help me, something pulls my arm over, answering it, like a total fucking idiot.  I’m sobbing as I pick it up. “Don’t…do this to me…not now…please.” I beg.
“Hey.” His voice is soft, concerned.  “Roxy, it’s me…Jett.  What’s going on, baby?”
He’s never called me baby before, and for some reason, it’s the tiny thread that I need to hang on.  “Oh…God, Jett.  I’m so glad to hear your voice.” I sob.
“Tell me what’s wrong, baby.  What happened?”
“My mom called.  She found me after ten years.  She came to the recording tonight and conned one of the staff into giving her my number.  Something’s up.  My mom spells fucking trouble with a capital ‘T’, Jett. I know it.”
He pauses.  His voice is direct.  “Okay, first, we need to find out who the fuck gave her your number, and fucking fire him…maybe even sue the motherfucker…I’ll look into that, and second, you should not be alone.”
“I’m fine, Jett.  I’ve got top notch security here.”
“I’m not talking about that, Roxy. You’re too upset.  You need someone there to make sure you don’t…fall of the wagon, baby.” He says this so carefully it makes my heart wrench.  
I think it over for a moment. “It’s the middle of the night, Jett.”
“So, call Stix or Cruz. They’re up all hours.”
“Stix is getting laid and Cruz…probably the same.  Blaze is probably asleep. He was beat tonight.”
He pauses for a moment, and then I hear his fingers snap.  “Go over to Crass’s recording studio.  I know for a fact that Terry and Roy are over there all night tonight, because they’re working on sampling for that duet cut that Storm was talking about for Monterey’s new album.”  Monterey is another rock and roll band that Storm is close friends with.  “Go hang out with them.  Don’t you have a rehearsal over at the studio tomorrow?”
“Yeah.  With Chuck and Phil, just to make sure everything sounds right on stage.  That’s probably why Terry and Roy took the studio for the night.”
“I think so.  Go crash there for a while.”
“Can’t I just talk to you until I fall asleep?”
“Baby, I really don’t want you alone.  I’d love to talk to you all night, but I’d feel better if you had someone there with you.  We fall asleep and…I just…I don’t want to think about it.”
“Okay.  I’ll go over there.”  Luckily, I live very close to the studio.
I can hear the pleading in his voice.  “I know it’s weird, Roxy, but let’s play it safe.  We’re…days away from the tour.”
“I get it. And thanks.” 
“Roxy?”
“Yeah.”
“I…”
“I know.  I do, too.”
“Yeah.”
“I’ll see you soon.”
“See ya.”

***

Terry sees my face from behind the glass in the recording studio.  “Hey!” his face lights up.  “Look who’s back from the dead!”
“Hardy har, asshole.” I chuckle, but I’m smiling.  Terry is a mastermind in the studio, and for a guy who’s been up all night, he looks as fresh as a daisy. It makes me sick, but I love him.  
“What are you doing here at this hour, sweetheart?” he asks, inviting me to sit down.  Roy has the headset on, listening to a track, but he waves at me, even though he’s deep in thought.
“Oh, it’s a long story.  Let’s just say that Jett sent me.”
“Jett?  How come?”
I explain what happened, and he shakes his head.  “Well, we have the cot in the back if you need to crash, but otherwise, girl, you know misery loves company, and this track is a nightmare.”
We start talking about the sounds and tones that are giving them trouble, and how the artists are clashing and nobody wants to re-cut anything.  The track is all but on the chopping block because of a dramatic squabble between the artists.  After discussing this for a while, Terry looks at me. “So, how come Jett sent you here?”
“It’s the middle of the night…or, it was…he didn’t want me to be alone.”
He gives me a look. “If I didn’t know him any better, I’d say that boy is head over heels for you.” Terry, aside from Jett, is the sweetest man alive.  He’s like a father figure. He’s never produced any of my songs and I think that’s why we get along so well. There’s a degree of separation there.  He’s always around the studio though, and that’s how come we’ve had the chance to get to know each other so well.  He’s the only man I’ve never been nasty with.  I don’t know how to respond without giving myself away, so I just smile warmly at him.  
Roy removes the headset and we listen to a piece of the song.  It’s choppy but it sounds good.  It needs work.  “It needs a backup voice to layer the back end of the chorus, I think.” I suggest.
They exchange a look. “Then it’s perfect that you’re here. You want to do it?”
I frown. “Sure.”
They set me up with a microphone in one of the glassed-in pods, and I sing backup vocals for the chorus.  I nail it on the first try.  “You’re the best, Roxy.” Roy says, adding my voice to the track.  It’s just a little thing, but the chorus really pops now.  And just as we finish listening to the track, the door opens from the front entrance.  I look up to see who it is, and my heart skips a beat as the tears prick the backs of my eyes.

Chapter 13
Jett
Slick looks at me like I’m nuts.  “What are you doing?  Jumping ship?”
“No.”
We’re off for the next three days, right before we part ways with Daniel’s List and start performing with Buying Time.  Slick came to my room, because I’d been in his room earlier, and I’d forgotten one of my guitars in there.  The fact that it’s the middle of the night is irrelevant. We have little sense of time when we’re on tour, especially with us having a break in our schedule, and just finishing a long lineup.  
“You heading home?”
I look at him. “Yeah.  Do me a favor and don’t tell anyone, okay?”
“And by anyone you mean…?”
“I just...I don’t want anyone to know.”
“That you’re going to go see Roxy.” He finishes my sentence.
“Yeah.  Look, I’m not sure how she feels about me, but I know how I feel about her, and until I know that we’re on the same page, I don’t want anyone to know.”
“Gotcha.” He searches my face. “Something happened.”
“Yeah.”
“This isn’t just a trip for the hell of it.”
“No.”
Slick fucking…gets me.  He helps me pack my bag and claps me on the back.  “You need anything, man.” He lets me fill in the blank.
“Thanks, man.”

***

I take Jim, my roadie, with me, and Ben, one of our security guys, because, hey, we’re in the middle of a tour, there’s already been some weirdness, and I don’t want anything going wrong.  Jim drives us to the airport, and one of our other roadies takes the car back, with the plan on taking a cab back to my place, and then these two can amscray once I get to Roxy.  Thank God there is a flight ready to leave when we arrive.  Funny how that only happens at ungodly hours, but it’s lucky for us.  The flight is quick but not quick enough, as my skin is itching with anticipation.  I don’t want Roxy to slip, but I also miss the shit out of her, and I don’t want to go another minute without her.
We get to Crass’s studio, and I see Roxy’s car there, giving me resolve.  I also see Terry and Roy’s cars there, and I feel a sense of relief.  We get inside, past the vacant reception area, and as I enter the recording studio room, I see her.  We lock eyes and I see her chin quiver.  While Jim and Ben exchange pleasantries, Roxy practically runs to me, with her eyes wetting as her feet move.  I take steps towards her, feeling the same anguish as she’s feeling.  She’s in my arms in seconds.  I hold her tight, lifting her feet off the floor, grabbing her like we’ve just surmounted some life-changing feat, and I hear her sob in my ear.  “Shhh…baby.  It’s okay.” I whisper, kissing her hair, holding her tight.  
“I missed you so much.” She cries, grasping the hair at the back of my neck tight.  
“I missed you, too.” I kiss her neck, through her silky hair.  
The guys are conversing amongst themselves, oblivious to what’s going on over here, or maybe they’re well aware, and they’re just being respectful of our privacy.  Either way, it feels like we’re the only two people in the room.  We stand there, hugging, squeezing, drinking each other in, and then she finally pulls back, so I can see her face.  “I can’t believe you’re here.” she breathes.
I kiss her lips, unable to hold back.  “I couldn’t stay away, knowing how upset you were.  That’s where I draw the line, baby.  I just…hopped on a plane.  Didn’t think twice about it.”
“And Frank didn’t have a coronary?”
“No. We’re off for three days, baby.  It’s fine.”
Her face changes.  “I love it that you call me that.”
I kiss her again, not knowing how else to respond.  “What time’s your rehearsal?”
“Eleven.”
“We’ve got some time.  What do you say we go somewhere for coffee or something?  Get away from these guys for a while.”
A look crosses her face.  Her eyes are on my lips.  “Fuck that.  We’re going to my place.”

***

Her dog is a brick fucking shithouse.  He doesn’t have a fucking neck, and what he does have is covered in metal spikes from his collar.  I’m scared at first, but she assures me that he’s harmless as long as he doesn’t smell fear.  Like that helps.  She holds my hand and the guttural growl in his throat disappears.
“See?” she says.  I nod, half-convinced, still feeling the hairs on my arms stand up.  My fight or flight response is activated, as I feel like I could bolt in place right now.  
We left the entourage at the recording studio. It cheapens things a little that I said to give us a couple of hours and we’d call to check in, but I’m not taking any chances.  Her house is a little cottage tucked in basically a forest.  She must pay her landscaper huge coin to look after the acreage here.  Her house is nothing more than a little bungalow with a double car garage and from what she tells me, a huge basement carved out to twice the length and width of the house, from under the earth.  She uses the basement for rehearsals and rudimentary recording, just like I do.  
But we don’t make it to the basement.
After she closes the front door from behind me, her arms curl around my neck, slide through the hair at the sides of my head, and her lips are on mine.  I deliver a thigh-searing kiss, sliding my tongue inside her mouth instantly, and she responds in kind, only she adds a low moan that makes my cock quiver.  Her leg lifts to my thigh, and I grab it with my hand, lifting her so she straddles me, and I carry her over to the couch at the center of her open-concept living room.  We flop on the couch unceremoniously, me on top of her, kissing like lovers, tongues tangled, sucks, nips, moans, just…starved for each other.  Her legs are wrapped around me, like she’s desperate to pull me as close to her as possible.
Her fingers claw at the hem of my shirt, and I help her out, pulling it over my head, as she drags hers off in one fell swoop.  My lips go to her neck…and there’s that moan again…fuck me.   Her hands skate over my chest and back, giving me shivers, as I suck the skin on her neck, and then move down to her chest, kissing every inch of her.  The fleshy part of her breasts is fucking perfect, and I find myself paying more attention there, while she discovers the button and fly on my jeans.
Lifting, I give her better access, and before I know it, her hand is inside, shooting fucking wicked waves of pleasure through me.  For a lyricist, her fingers are as nimble as mine, as she wraps them around my cock, making me breathe heavily on her skin.  My lips move down her belly, as my mouth takes her all in, right down to the waistband of her pants.  As I undo them and pull them off, she’s unfastening her bra.  I love it that she’s, for one, not shy, and for two, efficient.  
She lays under me in just her panties, and I step off the couch for a moment, to remove my pants, underwear and socks, and she goes to remove her panties, but I lift a finger.  Those are mine.  I climb back on top of her, tilting my head, sliding my tongue into her mouth, revelling in her signature moan, that spurs me on in a way that nothing else has before.  My cock is between her legs, throbbing, so hot for her, and as I move over her panties, she pants quickly.  “I need you so bad, Jett.”
My mouth moves to her fucking perfect breasts, and as I kiss them, suck them and lick them, my hand skates down her chest and belly, and it only stops when it goes inside her panties.  Her downy hair is soft against my fingers, as I cup her wetness, circling my thumb over her clit, while sliding my middle and ring finger inside.  Her back arches as my nimble fingers pleasure her, while my mouth works her breasts.  Her moans grow stronger as I feel her body clench under me.  
As much as she’s clearly enjoying this, I want to give her more. I want to…see what she tastes like.  Removing my mouth from her breasts, I move up to her lips.  In between kisses I murmur.  “I’m gonna make you come fast, okay.”  She doesn’t answer verbally, but her body language tells the tale, as she writhes, while I move down her belly, and remove my hand, only to replace it with my mouth.  Her mouth opens wide as I take her clit and surrounding skin in, sucking it, and then letting go, only to repeat that, as she cries out. Her cries become louder as my fingers find her nipples and squeeze gently.
Within seconds, I feel her body nearly convulse, as I bring her home, making her come fast, just like I promised.  Her practiced vocals are evident as she delivers eardrum-cracking screams while her body releases.  Never in my life have I heard such a theatrical orgasm, and I feel my inner self nodding.  I slow as she begins mewling, coming down, and I let her adjust, as I softly flutter her clit with my tongue, until she’s almost fully relaxed, when I start licking faster, knowing full well that Roxy is ready, and she responds in kind, lifting her back off the couch again, feeling another wave.   When I start sucking again, she cries out, and it’s an upward spiral.  
I bring her to the edge in a matter of minutes, and I watch her white-knuckle the cushions, as she feels her second orgasm rip through her.  My dick is ready to explode as I witness the encore presentation, and I can’t wait to plunge inside her, and make her come again.  Her fingers lace through my hair as she mewls, satiated, and I lift, kissing her, inch by inch, up her body, until I’m at her face.  Her feet are on my ass, guiding me, and then she cups my ass, as a gesture of desperation, while I thrust inside, kissing her hungrily.  
She’s already meeting me thrust for thrust, as her fingers grasp my hair needily, and I feel her insides clench, responding to my girth.  She feels so goddamn good my eyes close instinctively, as I brush my hands through her hair, resting my forehead on hers for a moment, feeling her stretch inside.  “God, I love you so much.” I whisper to her.
“I love you, too.” She breathes, and then she plants a deep kiss on my lips, while I lean up slightly, trying to find her sweet spot.  A moan comes from her when I find it, and I pray like hell that I’m still riding on the coattails of her last orgasm, because I don’t know how long I can hang on.  When she lifts to kiss my neck, I just about lose it.  “I’ve always wanted to give you a hickey.” 
“You have my express permission to do whatever the fuck you like to me.”  I say between ragged breaths.
She answers by sucking my earlobe, making my cock twitch, as I picture what it would feel like if she were doing that to my dick, and then I have to stop that, or I’m going to explode.  “I want you to come like thunder.” She whispers in my ear.
“That is not going to be a challenge.” I say, matter-of-factly, sliding up further, kissing her sweet spot with my ready cock.  Her fingernails dig into my back, as she kisses down my neck, chest, and then she goes in for the kill, sucking my nipples, as I feel her body tighten under me.  I’m breaking into a sweat, hanging on, as I feel her let go, and her insides pulse.  I thrust faster, holding my breath, letting her feel it fully, before I let go, allowing my climax to catch, and hanging on, as it rips through me, sending my seed out in shockwaves, as I penetrate her further, pounding into her, riding the waves.
Jaw clenched, eyes shut tight, grunts aplenty, I let her know that I’m coming like a fucking thunderstorm and loving every second of it.  When I empty completely into her, I slow, listening to our choppy breathing, and I rest my head on her shoulder.  We lay there holding each other, and I feel her skate her hands up and down my back, as we bask in afterglow, satiated.  I lift my head, cupping her face with my hands, searching her eyes.  “I love you, baby.” I say softly.
“I love you, too.” She says, brushing the hair at the sides of my head.  “And now I have even more reasons to love you.”
“Oh yeah?  Why’s that?”
The ghost of a smile appears across her lips.  “Because you’re a fucking god in bed.”
“Hm hm.” I chuckle softly, kissing her lips.  “Well, thank you.” I chuckle again. “And those weren’t even my best moves.” I’m being flippant.
“I’ve never christened this couch before.”
“We didn’t even make it to the bed, baby.”
“No, we didn’t.  I’m surprised we made it to my house, frankly.  I wanted to jump your bones the second I saw you.”
I don’t know how else to respond, so I just snuffle a laugh, resting my chin on her chest.  “You’re fucking sexy as hell, baby.  I’ve never heard anyone come like you do.”
“That’s because I’ve never come like that before.” She scoffs, matter-of-factly.  “You pushed all the right buttons, Jett.”
“I guess the right buttons aren’t hard to find…with the right person.”
She kisses my lips.  “How right you are.  Come on, let’s go upstairs.  I want to be naked with you in my bed.”
A ‘v’ of confused, amused intrigue forms between my brows, as I grunt, rising off her.  “Oh yeah?”
“Oh…yeah.  You know how long I was thinking about what it would be like to have you in bed with me?”
“Really.” My voice is low, and I’m acting all Casanova-like.  “I did shower, too.”
“Damn.” She chuckles painfully, disappointed.  “I love how you smell after you perform.” She says, taking my hand in hers, guiding me to her bedroom down the hall.
“Like a garbage bin?”
“No…like a man who just finished working his guitar on stage, with a glistening sweat, while thousands of horny women ogle him, but he’s all mine.”
I blush. “Jesus, Roxy.” 
She peels the sheets down her bed and we climb in.  “Too bad, dude.  I was drooling watching you on stage that night.  I’ve been dying to get that out of my system for a long time.”
“Are you serious?” I’m flabbergasted.  “I sucked that night.”
She shakes her head, pulling me close, under the covers.  We’re nose to nose.  “No, you didn’t.  You were a fucking god.”
I kiss her lips.  “I’ve been wanting to do things to do for a long time, too.”
She rubs her nose on mine.  “I can’t believe you hopped on a plane for me.  That’s almost too fucking romantic.”
“It wasn’t for romance, Roxy.  I heard the hurt in your voice, man.  It scared the fucking shit out of me.”
“I had no idea you cared that much.”
I glance at her with conviction in my eyes.  “Well, I love you.”
“I love you.”
I change the subject.  “So, am I naked enough for you?”
Her fingers skate through my hair.  “Just naked enough, yeah.” She keeps brushing through my hair, making my eyes close.  I didn’t realize how fucking exhausted I am until now. I haven’t slept yet, and neither has she.  I swallow and wrap my arms around her tighter, snuggling into her.  “I can’t believe I’m in bed with you, man.” She murmurs.  “It’s too fucking real.”
“Well, believe it, baby.  I’m here.  I’m not going anywhere.”
“This tour is going to be fucking insane. Do you think we should keep this a secret?”
I scoff softly.  “I hate to tell you, baby, but we’re the last to know that we love each other.  Evidently, everyone else knew before we did.  It’s no secret.”
“I guess you’re right.  I’m glad you said that.  There’s nothing I hate more than pussy-footing around.”
“Same here.”
“So, you don’t think that this is going to piss off any groupies?”
“I piss off the groupies, anyway, because I won’t fuck any of them.”
“None? Not even one?”
“Hell, no.  Believe it or not, I’m an old-fashioned guy.”
“Oh, I believe it.  But you don’t think that this is going to piss off any fans or anything?”
“So what if it does…we have a right to live our lives, Roxy.  Besides, this will piss off your fans, too.”
“I don’t fucking care.”
“I don’t fucking care, either.”
We both snort a laugh.  Then she mewls.  “Oh…fuck,” a soft laugh.  “Fuck, we should get some sleep.  I’ve got rehearsal later and neither of us have slept.”
“I was thinking the same thing.”
“Weren’t you supposed to let Mutt and Jeff know that we’re alive?”
“Do you honestly think I’m going to call them now?  I’m not fucking moving, man.”
“They’ll come looking for us.”
“That’s okay.  They know where you live.”
“Satan will eat them.”
“That’s your fucking dog’s name?” I ask, amused.
“Yeah.  He was disappointed that you weren’t fresh blood, I got to tell you.”
“I thought he looked hungry.”
She chuckles.  “He smells me on you and he’ll fucking eat you alive.”
My eyes widen.
She blurts a laugh. “I’m kidding.”
“You suck.” I say, lifting a pillow up and hitting her with it.
“Careful. I’ll call Satan.”
I hit her again.
She’s laughing, picking her pillow up and slamming me over the head with it.  I laugh and then tackle her, taking her down, pinning her arms over her head, kissing her neck, subduing her in a much funner way.  
“You think that’s punishment?”
I lift my head and kiss her on the mouth, and then return to her neck.  She tastes like fucking honey.  “I wasn’t trying to punish you.” I admit.
“It doesn’t feel like punishment.” She says, her voice sultry.
“I’d love to fuck you again.”
“Fuck me every minute of every day if you’re this good.” She says, arching her back, guiding me to her nipples.  I do as I’m told.
Her hand moves to my hardened cock, and she plays with the head in just the right spot, using the perfect grip.  I let out a soft moan.
“Mmm…you like that a lot, don’t you.” She murmurs, chuckling softly.
“How could you tell.”
She flattens her palms on my chest, pushing me over onto my back.  “I’ve always wanted to do this to you, man.” She says, inching her way down my body.  “You have a beautiful fucking cock.”
“Why, thank you.  I grew it myself.”
When my cock is in her mouth, I suck in air tightly.  “Fuck…me.”
Her mouth is perfect.  Too perfect.  And something about her grip drives me crazy.  I’m a puddle on the bed as she sucks up and down my shaft, sheathing her teeth with her lips.  I can feel the head at the back of her throat as she pumps me, and it turns me on so bad, I can already feel my seed moving to the head.  “God, you’re good at that.” I murmur. 
I feel her swallow, creating more friction, hardening me further, as her perfect fucking hand slides up and down my cock.  I’m moaning on exhale, feeling my muscles clench, and I’m dying to touch her, to suck her nipples, to make her moan the way that she does, and when I feel her swallow again, I can’t stand it anymore.  Lifting her, I place her on my body in one fell swoop, and it’s like she reads my mind, as she impales herself with me, before her bottom hits my torso.
As I slide into her, I pull her face to mine, so I can kiss her like she’s my only oxygen supply.  We’re a mess of tongue-sucking, lip-nipping, panting, hungry for each other, as though we didn’t just fuck moments ago, and as my pelvis moves up and down with her, I decide I want to fuck her all night and day, and never stop.  Her ass is fucking perfect in my hands, as I guide her up and down, while the bed squeaks happily under us.  My lips leave hers only to go to her nipples, as I suck and lick them, listening to her moan aloud, turning me on so bad, I want to explode in her right now.
I feel her legs start to go rigid, as my pelvis rises and falls quicker, picking up the pace.  This is the fastest I’ve ever fucked anyone before in my life, but it’s happening.  From the quivering around my dick, I can tell that she’s going to come already, so I suck her nipple harder, squeezing the other with my hand, and she cries out loud, while I feel her clench, driving me over the edge with her.  We’re both coming gloriously, in record time, but both of our orgasms are equally intense, like we didn’t just climax moments ago.  
We’re a panting, moaning monster, as we come down together, and she finally rests her head on my shoulder.  “Holy fuck…we’re too good together.” She utters through ragged breaths.
“That was fucking intense.” I agree, equally winded.  “Tomorrow…we have to buy like a carton of fucking condoms, man.  Or we won’t make it through this tour.” 
“Oh, shit, yeah…” she giggles.  “Haven’t had to worry about that in a while.”
“Me neither.” I say, rubbing her back, skating my fingers up and down her spine.  She seems to enjoy it, as she isn’t making any effort to move, which is fine by me.  She’s skating her fingernails around my bicep, giving me little shivers.  I kiss her head, caressing her ass.  “God, you’re so perfect.”
“You’re not so bad yourself.”
The phone starts to ring and she whines.  “I knew that would happen.”
I help her off me so she can go pick it up.  “Yeah.” I slide in behind her, kissing her shoulders.
“Yeah, we’re fine.” She snuffles a laugh.  “Fuck off.”  I can’t hear what the person on the line is saying, but I can only imagine.  “Yeah, I’ll be there soon.” She says goodbye and hangs up.  “That was Cruz.  They’re at the studio waiting for me.  They all know that you’re here, and it’s a big fucking joke.”
“I figured.  We can handle it, baby.” I kiss her shoulder.
She turns to face me.  “I never thought I’d say this, but I don’t want to go.  I’d rather stay here with you.”
“Me too, baby, but we’ve got work to do.”
“You want to stay here and crash?”
“With your dog?” I lift my brows.  “I’m good.”
She laughs.
…I wasn’t kidding.

Chapter 14
Roxy
Jett’s hand hasn’t left mine for a second during this flight.  We go on stage tonight and I’m so pumped I’m practically vibrating.  Every few minutes we look at each other, smile, and kiss on the lips.  I’ve never been one of those couples that makes other people nauseous with the cutesy-wootsy stuff, but I don’t fucking care.  This is great.  I can’t take my eyes off him.  Somehow, he seems sexier, even though that’s impossible.  Jett is the sexiest man alive and he’s all mine.  It’s taking everything in me not to do the mile high club thing with him, but I’m using restraint.  We will fuck like monkeys later in the hotel.
It’s an early flight, so we arrive in time for sound checks, and then we’ll nap later before the show tonight.  No, I mean it.  We have to sleep or we’re both toast on stage. Really.  No, really.  We really need to be on the ball, because Greg and Ron are both going to be there tomorrow night.  And it must be for something big because our managers never come to our shows.  I’m getting a really good vibe, so I’m hanging on to that with everything I’ve got.  Jett keeps assuring me that it’s all good, so I believe him, but something in the back of my mind keeps tugging at my conscience.  I can’t help but feel like I’m waiting for the other shoe to drop.
Jett can feel my nervousness in the grip I have on his hand.  “Are you ready to shit yourself or something, babe?” he asks, half joking, kissing my hand.
“No, I told you, I’m just fucking nervous. Good nervous, though, you know?”
“Yeah, I know.”
The shitty part is that I can’t down a drink to calm my nerves.  
“You’ll be fine.  We’re almost there.  Everything is going smoothly.  Just…try to relax.”
“Jett, I’ve never performed sober.” 
“I figured as much.” He nods.  “But I’ve seen your work at rehearsal.  You’re hotter than when you were high, man, and that’s the truth.  I was there, too, when you were writing all those songs.  Your heart is in it more, Rox.  I mean it.  You’re so ready for this.”
My sound check goes over well enough, but I’m shaking so bad, I can’t hold the microphone.  “It’s okay, Roxy.  I’ll make sure the stand is the right height, so you can use that instead.” My sound technician reassures.  I’m so fucking lucky I have such great support, even though I’m almost pissed off at myself for being such a freak.
Slick and I do a couple of songs together, warming up, and he brings me his famous lemon and honey tea, that we sip in between songs.  Got to admit, having these guys around sure makes me feel a lot better.  Cruz’s guitar techs work great with Jett’s techs, too, and it’s almost like we’re a team, like we’re two bands, but we run so cohesively, that we could be considered one.  Jett’s still doing his sound checks when I head over to the hotel and crash.  I don’t even hear him come in, but we wake up together, as the phone rings at the promised time.
Jett takes my hand as he lays behind me, spooning me.  “We’re going to do great tonight, baby.”
“I think so, too.”
“This is going to be a great tour. I can feel it.”
“Me too.  I’m just so nervous.  I wish I had been sober before all this shit happened, so I was more prepared.”
“I know.  But, Roxy, you’ve got it, babe.  You are going to be so fantastic, you’ll surprise yourself.  And your fans love your new album.  I know that Crass wouldn’t send the managers down for bad news.  They’d just make a phone call.  They wouldn’t waste a flight to ditch either of us.”
“I know you’re right, but Jett, I still…I don’t know. It must be just because I don’t have booze or drugs to numb the trepidation anymore, because I feel like I’m so unsure, like something is going to go wrong.”
“It’s natural to feel that way, Roxy. I promise you that after you perform tonight and nail it, you’re golden.”
“Maybe that’s why Crass wants the guys to come out tomorrow night.  So I don’t fall on my face with them here.”
“I think they just want to see final numbers from ticket sales tonight is all. It makes sense.”
“I hope you’re right, Jett.”
He kisses my head.  “I am right.  You’ll see.”

***

We go on first, which adds insult to injury.  But as soon as I hit the stage, it’s like I’m home free.  The audience cheers so loud it makes my face brighten as I stand there, watching the lights go on.  Someone in the front row has a banner that has a huge image of me painted on it, and the words ‘Roxy is number 1’ painted next to it.  It’s simple and rudimentary, but I love it.  I walk over during my first song and high five that fan, which draws a fresh batch of cheering on.  I’m singing one of my older songs, a fan favorite, and Jett’s right; my voice sounds fresher, and I’ve got more of a handle on this than I’m giving myself credit for.
The second song is off our new album, and I’m so nervous as I start singing, thinking that they’re not going to recognize it, or worse, that they recognize it, and they hate it.  It’s a catchy tune, but not the slower, deeper one I wrote about my dad.  Surprising me, they’re actually singing along, and it makes me smile.  “If you know it, sing it, man.” I say into the mic.  They listen, and I signal to the guys that I want to add an encore chorus to it, which we discussed, since I had it in my mind that if we get a great response that I want to have them sing along with me at the end.
It goes over really well.  I even get the guys each to take a turn singing along, and the audience loves it.  They always love it when Cruz or Stix sing along with me, since their voices are more of a mystery.  It’s like a little Easter egg to them.  When the song is over, I speak into the microphone.  “How are we all doing out there tonight?” Roaring from the audience.  “I’m happy to be here tonight with Wired, man.  This if fucking cool, isn’t it?” More roaring.  I smile and chuckle a little.  Then I surprise myself, putting my foot in my mouth.  “I did something crazy…just…crazy.  I got sober, man.” Whistling, roaring. “Yeah.” I chuckle.  “Believe it if you read it in one of them fucking rags, man.  I did it.  I’m clean as a fucking whistle and it feels fucking great.” I nod.  “Highly fucking recommended, man.”  More cheers.  I chuckle again, softly, still nodding.  “Yeah, that didn’t include cleaning up my mouth, man, in case you’re wondering.” 
The crowd starts hooting.  “Yeah, I still fucking swear a lot.” Another smile.  “You guys like the new album?”  Holy fucking hooting and hollering.  “Yeah?  You like it?”  They practically blow the fucking roof off.  “Good. Tell your friends and even your non-friends to go out and buy it, or me and the boys are fucking toast, man.” I chuckle, but only I know that I’m not joking.  “Talk about shameless self-promotion, huh.” I take the banner in the front row and lift it up.  “You see this shit, man?” I look down at the banner and then back up at the audience.  “Isn’t this fucking sweet?” I hand the banner back and shake hands with the fan.
“Alright, what do you say we play another song from the new album.” Screams, hoots, hollers.  We start the deeper tune about my dad, and I sing my heart out, feeling it in the pit of my stomach.  The lights are dim, but the song is edgy, not girly or anything, and it adds to the inner meaning, without being sweet or gooey shit.  The lights flash at an even pace during the chorus, making a nice effect, and suddenly I realize how fucking alive I am.  I’m not just…existing.  I’m so fucking alive.  I’m singing in front of thousands of people, sober as a judge, and they fucking love me.  That’s when it hits me.  That this is a way better high than I’ve ever experienced.  And what’s more, being in love is such a high.  
The realization makes me glow inside, and I want to go hug Jett.  Squeeze him so hard.  Let him know how much he was right.  This is the best.  I’m in love not only with him, but I’m in love with being sober and being on stage.  And after this song, I have my opportunity, as Cruz has his guitar solo.  I catch Jett backstage, working on some final touches, and I grab him and hug him tight.  He doesn’t need an explanation.  His arms wrap around me, pulling me close, knowing exactly why I’m hugging him.  He buries his head in my neck and we have a moment together.  
When I finally pull back, he kisses my lips once, twice, six times, and that look in his eyes matches mine.  I’ve only got another minute before Cruz is done, but this is all I wanted to do in those few moments in between.  Stix is still out there, providing a beat for Cruz in the practiced parts, but Blaze is backstage with me.  He says. “That was super fucking cool what you did out there, Roxy.  Anyone suffering with addiction is going to really feel what you said.”
Jett is looking at me.  Smiling warmly.
“I just hope I didn’t shoot myself in the foot. Coming out like that.”
“I’m sure you didn’t, Rox.” Blaze assures. “Not many artists would do that.  Good on you.”
Jett kisses me on the mouth again.  One of the stage crew shouts that it’s time to head back on, and I kiss Jett one last time, before following Blaze back onto the stage.  The crowd is hot for Cruz’s solo, and I grab the coattails of that, by heading into an eardrum-crushing hard rock tune, that has the desired effect right after the solo.  Blaze’s backup vocals are hot as we rip through the happening song, and the audience loves it.  I hit a high note at the end, and hold it, and the audience roars as the spotlight is on me.  Not a flinch or a waver, nothing, my voice hangs on like it’s brand new.  The light turns off in time with my vocals finishing, and I give a nod to the lighting crew for their perfection.  I pay them well, and there’s a good reason for that.
In the dark, the crowd is going wild, high off the energy from that song.  We start up again with a bit of a light show to introduce the next, catchier tune from our first album. It’s the one that put us on the map, and I’m reminded of that, as they go insane.  I’m high. I’m actually fucking high from my fans.  It’s…wicked as shit, man. It’s like an out of body experience.  Seriously.  We’ve got one tune left, but I don’t want it to end, even though I know that we play again tomorrow night.  This is just such a great feeling.  Cruz and Blaze keep exchanging looks with me, with that warm look in their eyes, that I’m thinking matches mine.  They’re loving it as much as I am.
And when we finally come to center stage at the end, slapping hands with some of our fans, I think to myself that I’m there.  Jett was right.  This is it.  Life doesn’t get much better than this.  And then I wonder if maybe it feels so good because it’s the end.  We still have the managers coming tomorrow night, and there’s still that unknown there.  As much as this feels so right and so certain, it’s still up in the air if Crass is going to extend our contract, and continue to let us play with Wired.  But I push that out of my head as I drink in the crowd, hungry for more of us, even though our time is up for tonight.
We head off stage and Wired is finishing their warmup.  Jett has his guitar strapped to him, so I can’t give him a proper hug, and I don’t want to interrupt their vibe, as those last few moments before hitting the stage are sacred.  They do some morale-boosting hand gestures and a chant, and then Jett walks over to me, kisses me on the lips and tells me he loves me, before running to the side of the stage, waiting for the announcer to do his job.  I sit at the side of the stage for a while, wondering if Jett did the same when I was up there.  I didn’t see him, but he could have been staying back, so I wouldn’t be so nervous.
As I watch him, I’m reminded of how fucking hot he is.  I can’t believe he’s mine.  His sexy, glistening, muscular body, up there strumming that guitar like it’s an appendage, it makes me hot just looking at him for one song.  And he’s mine.  All mine.  It takes everything in me not to go up to him and take him right there on stage.  The man is so fucking talented it makes my head shake.  He can make that guitar do things that I’ve never heard before.  And he does it effortlessly and with this sexy, impish grin that makes my thighs melt.  I find myself watching like a fan.  Then again, I am a fan.  Jett’s biggest fan.  
I’m not exhausted. Not even a little bit.  It’s like I have renewed energy because my baby is on stage.  I watch him, and finally, for a few moments, he looks over at me and smiles, and gives me a wink that makes my toes curl.  God, he couldn’t be any sexier if he tried.  Then, at the end of a smoking hot tune, he comes to the side, where me and his guitar technician are, to switch guitars, and he plants a thigh-searing kiss on me, while his technician outfits him with another axe.  Jett is sex from head to toe as he kisses me, all sweaty, all pumped up with adrenaline, and I want him so bad it hurts.
I groove along while they do their thing on stage, counting the minutes until he’s off stage.  Startling me, one of the roadies comes to grab me, saying that Slick wants to do an encore with me, and I can’t help but smile.  I come out on stage and Slick takes my hand in his, with Jett, Zane and Crush joining us.  We do a cover tune, a really well-known ditty, that’s catchy, and that the audience can join in on, and it goes over really well, with Jett, Zane and Crush all joining in, and then Stix, Cruz and Blaze come on for the last chorus, and at the end, we all join hands at center stage, do our bows, and bid the audience adieu.  What a fucking wicked concert.  It went over so well…almost too well.
We do our meet and greets and a short interview with a local radio station, parting ways with Wired for a while, and I’m just aching to be with Jett.  It’s nearly an hour before we’re back in the green room, regrouping, while the crew starts tearing down.  We’re off to another city tomorrow, staying in the hotel here tonight.  We take the tour bus over to the hotel, since we’re driving in the bus to the next venue tomorrow night.  We stay with our respective bands while in the bus, just so our road managers don’t go apeshit.  
The second my security guy brings me up to our room, and Jett isn’t with me, I start itching.  I’m literally pacing in the room, waiting for him to come upstairs, unable to imagine what’s taking him so long.  Then I hear his voice in the hallway, and see his face, as he opens the door.  He’s got that same look in his eyes that I do.  No words are exchanged.  I take a step towards him, and he meets me halfway.  He pins me against the wall, raising my arms over my head, tilting his head, sliding his tongue inside my mouth, making me wet on contact.
In between thigh-searing kisses, I murmur.  “I have wanted to fuck you all night.”
“Me too.” He whispers, almost panting, as he delivers open-mouthed kisses, sweeping his tongue inside with each pass.  My skin is practically sizzling each time he touches me.  I’m on fire for him.  With my arms over my head, I can’t touch him, and it’s driving me nuts, but it’s good.  So good.  His lips move to my neck, and I let out a moan on exhale, turning my head, so he can access my skin fully.  He smells of sweat and sex and I’m so turned on I want to rip his clothes off him so bad.  
“Fuck me…fuck me now.” I pant, dying.
With my arms over my head, Jett pulls my shirt up and off.  He has no shirt on, so his skin touches mine instantly, and it’s so fucking electric, it blows my mind.  I’m still pinned to the wall as he bends down and peels my pants off me, kissing my chest and belly on his way.  The sweat on his forehead and in his hair brushes against me, making me throb, making all the blood in my body go to my wetness.  When my panties are off, his mouth goes right to where it counts, and he French kisses it, making me moan out loud.  He keeps doing that, I’m going to come in about thirty seconds, I’m so hot for him.
I feel his tongue slide over my clit and I lose it.  He lifts my leg over his shoulder, opening me, sucking my needy nub, that’s sitting right up, waiting for him, and I scream so loud, I think the whole floor can hear me.  He keeps sucking and licking as my back stays against the wall, and I come like a fucking freight train, crying out on each exhale.  I come so hard I feel faint, and Jett keeps sucking and licking, making me climb again, knowing that I’m so fucking horny, I could come six times tonight if he puts the effort in.  
His tongue slides over my clit at just the right moment, and I come again, grasping a handful of Jett’s fucking soaked hair in my hands, begging him not to stop.  And he doesn’t.  He keeps licking and sucking, bringing me back up again, a third time, sucking me so hard, bringing me to the edge easily, making me come hard again in moments.  Did I mention that he’s a fucking god in bed?  His technique in the sack is almost as good as it is on stage.  Or it may be better?  After the third orgasm, he lowers my leg off his shoulder carefully, and kisses his way up my belly, tickling me with his nose and hair, as my skin is overly sensitive from his touch.
When he reaches my lips, he kisses me hungrily, and presses his cock up against me from under his zipper, letting me know that he’s as hot for me as I am for him.  And I pull his jeans open, pushing them down his waist with my foot, as he steps out of them, and I grasp his cock in my hand.  Raising my hand to my mouth, I pull my lips from his, and lick my hand vigorously, as he watches, and then I clasp the head of his cock in my wet hand, and begin kneading him, while he moves his pelvis in time.
“I don’t know what it is about your hand, but I fucking love it.” He murmurs through ragged breaths.  He sounds so fucking sexy when he’s horny, and his cock is ample and throbbing in my hand, making me hot again…or more.  His pelvis moves as we kiss like lovers, and his breathing is ragged on my cheek. It’s so hot I can practically feel the wetness running down my leg.  My folds are swollen and desperate for him.
So I say it again.  “Fuck me.”
Jett pulls my arms onto his shoulders and then lifts me onto him with his hands, entering me as he has me pinned against the wall.  My eyes close instinctively as he thrusts into me to the hilt.  His thrusts are deep and slow, making me melt, making a combination moan/cry/whisper come from my throat it feels so fucking good.  He pulls me away from the wall, still fucking me, as he walks to the bed, and we flop down on it, not missing a beat.  Jett lifts my legs up, thrusting deeper, harder, bringing me so close so fast, I’m glad that I’m laying down now.
Our skin slaps together as I come a fourth time, and he thrusts faster and harder, riding on the coattails of my orgasm, bringing himself to the edge, and as he hits my sweet spot inside, finding it effortlessly like he does, we come together, as he grasps my hands over my head, interlacing our fingers together as we climax.  His sexy grunts almost drown out my needy cries, until cries become mewls, and then simmer down to pants and heavy breathing, and then finally he rests his head on my shoulder, releasing my hands as our hearts beat together rapidly over the sheets.
After a beat, Jett says, breathily.  “Fuck, are we in trouble.”
“No shit.” I chuckle softly.  “I’ve never come so fast and so hard in my life.”
“I don’t mean that, well, yeah, kind of, but I mean…we didn’t use a condom…again.” He licks his lips.  “Neither one of us has any self control.” He chuckles softly, but with a nervous edge.
“Fuck it, I’ll go on the pill, man.  This clearly isn’t going to work.” I say as he lifts his head, looking at me.  “We can’t have a baby on the road, man, and we haven’t even discussed any of that shit, either.”
“You’re right.” He agrees, pulling out of me, laying next to me, resting his head on his hand.  “I’ve never wanted anyone so bad.”
I blurt.  “You?” I laugh out loud.  “Fuck, Jett, I came five times!”
He laughs.  It sounds so sexy.  “Okay, you win.”
I smile, kissing him.  He kisses me back, but holds me to him, letting it linger.  “God, it’s like, you make this animal come out of me after I play.” He says.
“And you...when I watch you on stage, that’s all I can think about. I wanted to fuck you the second I saw you.” I kiss him again.  “You’re right.  We’re in trouble.”
…but that’s not the only way that we’re in trouble.

Chapter 15
Jett
I’ve had beautiful women, groupies, supermodels, and really hot fans around me, since becoming a recording artist.  Sure, I’ve fucked around a little.  I’m no saint.  But with Roxy, it’s like…I just…I have to have her.  I can’t go another minute the moment I see her after I’ve been on stage.  After I’ve seen her on stage, too.  I watched from a distance, so she wouldn’t be too nervous, and man, that girl has this in her back pocket.  Roxy is hotter and more in her element than she’s ever been before.  
I love her so much it hurts, you know?  I want to see her succeed. I want to be there for her as much as I can.  I’m also a little bit scared because we’ve been fucking around, not using protection.  That’s the last thing we need right now, with both our careers.  I’m not even sure that I want kids.  I’m not sure how Roxy feels about having a family, either.  All I know is that we have to be more careful.  Until she’s on the pill, I have to put the love glove on, so we don’t ruin our careers when they’re just about to take off.
We make it a habit to focus on our careers, and then we have our time together when it’s down time, like the time between shows, and on our days off.  But when we’re travelling and doing sound checks and stuff like that, we focus on our music.  Sure, some of it is a collective effort, because let’s face it, we all make a great team, but we draw that line in the sand, so we don’t slip and fuck it all up.  I think that’s part of the reason why Roxy and I mix so well together, because we’re both in the business, and therefore, we both realize how important our music is, that our relationship becomes a close second.  I love her more because of that…you know?  Because with anyone else it would be a constant battle.
I’m in the green room, noodling on my guitar, while she’s rehearsing, and we’re both nervous as hell, because Crass’s suits are coming tonight.  They should be here any time, in fact, and I can feel my stomach knotting up just thinking about it.  I’m adjusting my amp when Frank comes in.  “Hey, Jett.  You’ve got a call.”
“Who is it?”
“I don’t know.  Some chick.”
I purse my lips.  “Thanks.” I feel like adding, ‘asshole’, but think better of it.  I wish the guy would learn to screen my calls.  I almost don’t want to take it, but I grab it, just in case it’s my mom or someone, calling to say that someone died or something.  I follow Frank into the small office next to the green room, and I pick the unhooked phone up off the desk.  “Jett here.”
“Hey, Jett.  It’s Nancy.”
“Heeeyyy…my favorite sister-in-law.  How the fuck are you?”
“I’m…great.  How are you?”
“Can’t complain.  My manager and all the suits are coming tonight, so I’m shitting in my pants, but other than that I’m in fucking hog heaven here.”
“How come the suits are coming?  Is everything okay?”
“Ah, they threatened to give us the heave-ho, us and the band that we’re touring with, but we’re kicking ass with our new albums, so I think maybe this is a trip that they’re making with their tails between their legs.”
“I saw.  Wow.  Yeah, yours and Buying Time’s records are hitting the charts.  Both record stores I went into yesterday posted them on the Billboard top five.”
“You’re fucking kidding me.” My voice is flat.  “Top five?”
“Yep.  I couldn’t believe it myself.  I think you’re right.  I think your managers are coming to congratulate you both, if anything.”
“You see, that’s what I love about you, man.  You pay attention.”
“How could I not?” she chuckles.  “I’m a big fan of both your groups, Jett.  You know that.”
“Why don’t you come out tonight?  Come to the show.  Tear my brother away from his figures for one night.” I pause.  “How are you guys doing, anyway?”
“We’re doing great, Jett.  I think it’s made such a difference with you two talking again after all these years.”
I smile.  “And how are you doing…you know…after the miscarriage and all.”
“I’m good.” She pauses, as if trying to convince herself.  “The doctor says everything is fine. It’s just….one of those things, I guess.”
“You guys going to give it another go?”
“Once the doctor says it’s okay.” She changes the subject. “The rumor mill says that you and Roxy are an item…do you care to corroborate?”
I chuckle.  “Yeah.  She’s…great.”
“As I live and breathe, Jett.  I never thought I’d see the day.”
“I can say the same thing about my brother.”
“True.”
“Hey, come on out.  Bring Jason.”
“Are you sure?  I mean, didn’t you just say that all your managers are coming there tonight?”
“Yeah, so?”
She chuckles.  “So…isn’t that a little bit awkward?”
“Fine.  Come to the next show three days from now. Or better yet, come anyway, and we’ll hang out in between shows.”
“Okay, Jett.  You’re forgetting one very important detail here.”
“Yeah?  What’s that?”
Another chuckle. “Unlike you, we have day jobs.”
I wave.  “Details.”
“Easy for you to say.  When we’re all independently wealthy, we can come out and follow you all over, okay?  But until then, Jason and I have to work, okay?” she’s laughing, good-naturedly.
“The next weekend show, you’re coming.  My treat.  All expenses paid, and I’m not taking no for an answer.”
“I’ll talk it over with Jason.  We don’t want to cramp your style.  Especially now that you’ve got yourself a woman.”
“Fine.  Hey, say hi to mom and dad for me, okay?  I can’t get them to come to a show to save my life.”
“So come visit in those few days off.”
“I’ll see.”
“Okay.  I’ve got to go.  My break is over.”
“Okay. Hey, thanks for calling.”
“My pleasure.  If it weren’t for you, me and your brother would still be in splitsville.”
“Not a chance.  You two love each other too much.”
“I do love him.”
“Go tell him.  I’ll talk to you later.”
“I love you, too, Jett.”
“Love you, Nancy. Take care.”

***

My best guitar is giving me some issues during sound checks, so I’m at the side of the stage with Trey, my guitar technician, when Frank comes down, winded.  “Hey, heads up, Crass is here.  You’ve got about five minutes before they corral us all up.”
“Fuck.” I mutter.  “Okay, thanks.”
“Hey, man, don’t sweat it, Jett.” Frank says.  “You guys are kicking ass on the charts.”
“Yeah, somehow I think it’s still not good enough.” 
“Roxy’s kicking ass, too, man.  Did you hear?”
“Kind of.  But then again, it’s probably still not enough.” I say, hoping like hell that Roxy isn’t nearby to overhear.  I’ve been playing everything on the up-and-up around her, just to keep her positive, but to be truthful, on the inside, I can’t help but feel like something is about to go terribly wrong.  It’s a gut instinct, and I’m usually right about it.
“Ah, fuck them.” Trey says. “I bet you if they ditch you, there are other recording companies dying to put you on their roster.  You guys kick ass. That’s why I’m still here.”
“Thanks, man.” I clap him on the shoulder.  “Are you good here for a bit?  I best be showing up, before they start looking for me, if I want to make a good impression.”
“Sure, man.” Trey nods, frowning.
I follow Frank to the back office, where, sure enough, the Crass entourage is all there.  Slick is in there, too, and I see Roxy off to the side, looking as nervous as I feel. I walk over to her, being careful not to kiss her, even though I want to so badly. I’m not sure how well it’ll go over with Crass if they know that we’re together.  She gives me a look like she wants to puke and I offer her a tight smile.  Chas, Roxy’s manager, and Greg, our manager, look like they’re here for a fucking funeral, not a rock concert.  Both of them have three-piece suits on and their shoes are shined to such a high polish, I can see my reflection in them.
Good old Slick is the first to speak.  “So, how many chicks do you want me to round up for you tonight, boys?” he says, clucking his tongue. “I hear the chicks out here are hot to trot, man.”
I glance at the wedding band on Greg’s left ring finger and glare at Slick.  Fuck.  Greg lifts his hand and points the ring out.  Slick looks at him as if to say, ‘so what?’, and says.  “Is she here with you, man?”
My face goes in my palm.  Slick, shut the fuck up! I’m screaming in my head, but I don’t say it aloud. Roxy, sensing my anxiety, is the next one to speak.  “Look, man, I hear we’re kicking ass on the charts.  Are you guys here to boot us off the tour, or what the fuck is going on?”
Chas looks up at Roxy, and I can see that his eyes are shaped like dinner plates, something I’ve never seen in any Crass dude before.  “Not at all, Roxy.”
“Well, you guys made it perfectly clear that if we didn’t produce a record-breaking album, that we were toast, so what’s the deal?” she scoffs nervously.
“Well,” Greg says. “You guys and your little plan to tour together…it seems to be working out well. It’s placed you both in the Billboard top five for two of your singles already.”
Roxy looks up at Greg, removing her gaze from her cuticles.  I want to comfort her so badly.  She looks like she’s ready to cry and it tears my fucking heart out.  These guys are bullies. Pure bullies. They get off on intimidation, and it makes me want to go over there and punch them both in the throat.  “You’re fucking serious?”
“Yes, they’re serious.” I say.  “My sister-in-law saw both of our records in a record store the other day.  Both were listed in the top five.”
She looks at me. Her eyes are dancing.  “Why the fuck didn’t you tell me?”
“I…I didn’t want to get you too excited…in case…” I look at the Crass boys.  “In case it still didn’t cut it with Crass.”
Slick tilts his head.  “So, does this cut it, man?  Can we all fucking breathe again, or what?”
Chas, the asshole, pipes up.  “We did specify that we wanted Buying Time’s record to be number one.”
“So, we’re fucking sunk, anyway.” Roxy says, looking at her cuticle again.
The room is silent.  You can hear a pin drop.  And we’re in a fucking concert venue.  Roxy draws in a deep breath and she’s about to say something, when Chas cuts her off.  “But those were last week’s numbers.”
“Yeah.” Roxy scoffs, but she doesn’t say anything further.
Chas, who is leaning on the desk, his ass touching the wood, gets up.  He walks over to Roxy, and I want to punch him so bad, but I restrain myself.  Chas places his hands on her shoulders, but she makes no effort to look at him.  She’s trying everything in her power not to cry, and I want to push him away from her, but I know that if I do, it’ll take five of them to tear me off him, because I’ll beat the snot out of the prick.  He swallows and sets his forehead closer to hers.  “This week you’re number one.”
“What?” I bark.  “You’re fucking kidding me.”
Stix walks over to Chas.  “How is that fucking possible?  The numbers aren’t even registered yet.”
Roxy looks up at Chas, stunned.  Chas explains.  “Yeah, well, they’re not posted in record stores yet, but we’ve got them.”
“Oh my God.” Roxy murmurs, eyes wide.
“You guys did it.” Chas says. “And from the look of it, you’re already gold, at this rate, you’ll hit platinum if the numbers stay up.”
Slick high fives Cruz, and they clap each other on the back.  “Fuckin’ aye!” Slick says.
Roxy’s still in shock.  Surprising me, Chas wraps his arms around Roxy, and she’s as unsuspecting as I am.  “I saw what you did on stage.  About coming clean.  You’re a class act for doing that.” He hugs her tighter.  “I’m sure that your publicist will be in touch. You reached a lot of people with your message, Roxy.  I’m proud of you.”
She hugs him, completely shocked.  “And I thought you’d be pissed for me coming out.”
“If you did it during rehab and then fell off the wagon, tarnishing your reputation, yes, that would upset me.  But no, you took the high road, Roxy. A lot of people saw and…well…you did good.” He pats her on the back, letting her go.  When she sees Chas’s smile, she smiles back, giving herself permission to relax.
She looks over at me and I smile.  “You did it.” I leave out the ‘baby’, just in case she’s still in ‘walk on eggshells’ mode.  Suddenly she snakes her arms around my neck, holding me close, and she kisses me on the mouth once, twice, half a dozen times.
“Oh, and we’re together now…deal with it.” She says to Chas.
He waves.  “Please.  Like the whole world doesn’t already know that.”

***

Buying Time played an amazing set tonight.  The crowd is on such a high, and we’re playing on it, feeling it too.  Slick is so fucking happy the guy is glowing.  The vibe in here tonight is amazing.  After our first few songs, Slick takes a moment to address the audience.  “Are you feeling the love out here tonight?” the crowd roars.  “Oh, I thought you would.  Tonight’s kind of a special night, see.  Our friends, I think you’re familiar with them…you know Buying Time?” Holy screams and shouts.  “Well, their new album just hit number one, man.” He nods. More hoots and whistling.
“And, you know, it’s a special thing, because it feels like it’s our celebration, too, you know.  We’re great friends. Buying Time is the best band ever, and we’re lucky enough to be touring with them.  What do you guys think of that?”  Louder hollers and whistling.  “Let’s give a big shout out to Buying Time, man!” They nearly blow the fucking roof off the place.  I’m smiling, watching from the side of the stage, waiting for us to cut into our next tune.  My heart is pounding so fucking hard, and I don’t know why.  Everything is working out exactly as it should be.  Exactly how we would want it to.  
It’s freaking me out, this unsettling feeling that’s coming over me.  I’m checking my guitar over, thinking that maybe it’s cut out or something.  Or maybe a string is fucked up, but nothing.  I look over at Trey, who’s off to the side, in case of a guitar emergency, and he’s fine, too. If there’s something wrong, he’s got my back. He signals to me to switch guitars or go to him, and the lighting crew know to take the spotlight off me for a second, to conceal what’s going on behind the scenes.
But nothing.  I see Roxy off to the far side, and she’s fine, too. It’s like I’m running a mental tally in my head of what could go wrong, and everything is fine. But my heart is just fucking pounding.  Am I going to have a fucking anxiety attack or something?  It’s freaking me out.  
“Alright, alright.” Slick chuckles. “You guys feel like hearing one of our new tunes, man?  We got one that’s in the top five, thanks to you guys.  Mwah!” he blows a kiss to the audience.  A woman in the front row seems to catch it.  When I zero in on her, recognition comes.  It’s the blonde from several nights ago.  The one that Slick tried to hook me up with.  How the hell these fans manage to get front row tickets to more than one show at a time is beyond me.  This woman must be following us all over the states.  I wonder if Slick ended up hooking up with her, and now she’s here as his guest or something.  He would have bragged about that, though, so it doesn’t add up.
This blonde is at the front of the stage, and as we cut into the next song, Slick goes to the apron of the stage, and as brave as he is, he starts touching the fan’s hands, while he sings.  There is a part that we rehearsed at the intro of the song, where I’m to stand next to him, and sing a little bit of backup with him, and then Zane joins in, too, so we’re all at the apron of the stage.  It’s a great time, and the fans are behaving themselves, not trying any funny business, like pulling us in or anything.  
We go back to our respective places on stage, leaving the apron, and as I do my guitar solo after the first chorus, I can see Slick through my peripheral vision, picking up a bra that someone has tossed on the stage.  He places it on his arm, like a bracelet, and walks over to me, as I do my solo.  He’s dancing around me, playing along, and then he puts the bra over my head, so I have to wear it like a necklace.  But as he slides it over, he’s looking at the inside cup, the rather large inside cup.  There’s writing in it, but I can’t look, because I have to switch from using the guitar pick to strumming with my fingers for a lick.  
Slick’s face falls.  I’ve never seen such an expression on him before.  Crush rips into his short, ten-second drum solo, right before the second chorus, and Slick takes that moment to point out what the inside of the bra says.  And there it is.  My eyes widen as I read nine words…“We have two hours to live.  Make them count.”



She dots her ‘I’s wearing Prada.  He squeals to fans shirtless.  When a deadly meeting changes everything, will she heed the threat, or take the plunge? 
 
Everyone calls him Slick, but I was raised in a home where everything was proper.  Sean and I meet in an odd place, under dire circumstances, so nobody would ever expect what happened…to happen…but it did.  A rock star and a psychologist seem like an impossible match.  And it is.  That’s why I have to leave, before everything is ruined.  I can’t be with him for so many reasons, as much as every cell in my body says that it’s right.  Evidently, he agrees that we should be together, since he leaves breadcrumbs for me…but will they lead me back to him? 

She can’t even say my name.  With a name like Slick, one expects some surfer-type, with nothing between his ears and a stake where his heart should be.  Listen to my music and you’ll see.  I’m somewhere between not much and kinda something, you know?  But Doc, she’s…something else.  The way she handled things on the roof that night…If it weren’t for one thing, she’d be mine.  That one night.  I should have done it differently.  Then she’d still be here.  But I can’t take it back…or…can I? 

…and just when we think we’re past danger, just when I think that the band has it all, and that I’ve got Doc, too, an unexpected person walks in, and I know that we’re back to square one again. 
​ 
Rock star romance 
Medical romance 
Suicide 
Medium heat 
Smoking 
Swearing 
Cliffhanger ending 

Smashwords

Keep in Touch!

Join my free newsletter and be the first to know when I have a new release out!

It’s absolutely free, there are no strings attached, your information is completely confidential, and you can unsubscribe any time.  

All you need is an email address.

To subscribe to my newsletter, just click here and enter your email address. 

Did you enjoy this book?  You can make a big difference.

Do you know what the difference between an author that sells a few copies of their book a month and a New York Times bestselling author is?

The answer is clear and simple:  REVIEWS

Don't believe me?

Take a look at any NYT bestselling author and a regular author (like me) and see the difference in the number of reviews.

The fact is clear:  reviews lead to sales.  Sales lead to bestseller charts.

One other simple fact is that many advertisers won't look at a book unless it has a minimum of 50 book reviews.

That's where you come in.  I need your help.

Honest reviews of my books help bring them to the attention of other readers.  

If you’ve enjoyed this book, I would be very grateful if you could spend just five minutes leaving a review (it can be as short as a like).

Thanks very much,

Sandra

Here is a link to leave your review on Smashwords


Author’s Note

Thanks so much for reading Dreams.  A little background on this series.  Since the death of Eddie Van Halen on October 6, 2020, I have suddenly found myself fully immersed in the life and loves of this artist.  After growing up with the band’s music (my first .45 album was ‘Jump’ when I was just nine years old) and seeing them perform live at the Air Canada Centre in 2007, this loss has truly hit home for me.  

Like my own father, who passed away in 1992, Eddie suffered from addictions, and so his death was relatable to me, even though ultimately Eddie died from cancer, he battled addictions all his life from the tender age of just 12 years old.  Being a writer, I felt truly compelled to illustrate the heartache, triumphs, lessons learned and the loves of artists, so this series was born.  I wrote this book after reading several books about Eddie Van Halen and the band after learning about his death. 

His life was truly remarkable, as was his irreplaceable talent, and so a part of me felt like I needed to explore that.  If you’re a fan of Van Halen, I truly apologize if I’ve bastardized anything to do with Eddie, but I did try to learn as much as I could about the background and goings-on of rock bands before giving this genre a whirl.  May Eddie rest in peace.

Want to know when I have a new release?  Sign up here for new release updates.  

Link to my website.

See me on Twitter
See me on Facebook
See me on BookBub

…or drop me a line via email.

Thanks so much for your support!

~Sandra 
