
Dream Kisses

Romance on the Ranch Series


Verna Clay


This book is dedicated to everyone who loves the journey to a happy ending.


Dream Kisses
Romance on the Ranch Series

Copyright © 2012 by Verna Clay

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever.

For information contact:
VernaClay@VernaClay.com
Website: www.VernaClay.com

Published by:
Verna Clay

Cover Designer: Elaina Lee (For the Muse)
Boots Picture: Ccaetano (Dreamstime)

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Table of Contents

Preface
Chapter 1: Male Model
Chapter 2: Java Break
Chapter 3: Expect the Unexpected
Chapter 4: Stuck in Dodge
Chapter 5: Busted
Chapter 6: Food Server
Chapter 7: Orientation
Chapter 8: Lasso Lessons
Chapter 9: Family Photos
Chapter 10: Cowboy Up
Chapter 11: Morning Regrets
Chapter 12: Role Playing
Chapter 13: "WESTWARD HO!"
Chapter 14: Lost and Alone
Chapter 15: Moonlight and Stars
Chapter 16: Calm before the Storm
Chapter 17: Sharing
Chapter 18: High Fashion Greenhorns
Chapter 19: Storm
Chapter 20: Gossip Girls
Chapter 21: Clean up Girl
Chapter 22: Fling
Chapter 23: Declaration Six Months Later
Epilogue
Author's Note
Novels and Novellas by Verna Clay
Honey Kisses
Baby Kisses
Stranded in Oasis
Preface

I'm always amazed at how one or two words can spark an entire world of characters. I liked the feelings evoked by the words "Dream Kisses" and decided to expand on them. After I started writing the story Dream Kisses, I had an overwhelming desire to give some of the secondary characters their own happily-ever-after, and thus, the Romance on the Ranch Series was born, with Honey Kisses, Baby Kisses, Candy Kisses, Christmas Kisses, Rock Star Kisses, and Forever Kisses  joining the lineup.
In Dream Kisses, Sarah Carter a.k.a. Mims Murphy, meets Sage Tanner at Imaginings Publishing while he's posing for the cover of her soon-to-be-released western romance novel. After being bulldozed into a coffee break with him by her publisher, an embarrassing incident causes Sarah to walk out. Of course, fate has a wonderful way of intervening in matters of the heart. Sarah decides her book needs realism and signs up for "dude" lessons at Lazy M Dude Ranch. Imagine her chagrin when she discovers the owner of the ranch is none other than Mr. Tanner himself! Yep.
Chapter 1: Male Model

Mims Murphy followed Sissy Johansen, chief editor and co-owner of Imaginings Publishing, through an ornate door and into a large photo studio on the fiftieth floor of a high-rise in New York. Sissy had insisted that Mims meet the cover models for her upcoming book, Dream Kisses. After writing five novels with Imaginings with moderate returns, she had finally scored big on her sixth, a chick-lit romance. Because of that success, Sissy had contracted with her for three books in a "Kisses Series": Dream Kisses, Honey Kisses, and Baby Kisses. Based on readers' exuberance, the books were expected to be hits.
The shoot had already begun when they slipped into the studio. Sissy motioned her to a spot near a side wall. Mims leaned against the wall, her eyes riveted on the models. Lights flashed and the photographer, a short skinny man with a balding pate, called instructions. "Move in, Sage. Yeah, give her that sexy, hot hot HOT look. Make her sizzle. Chastity, let him know who's in charge."
Sissy smothered a giggle and whispered, "Can you believe her name is Chastity?"
Mims bit her bottom lip to keep from laughing out loud.
The photographer called another instruction. "Okay, models, let's try a kiss. The title of the book is Dream Kisses, so how about some dream kisses. Make my toes curl."
With a rather bored expression, the male model glanced in Mims direction. Her heart tripped when their eyes met, something that only happened to characters in her books.
Sissy whispered, "He's absolutely the most gorgeous man I've ever seen, and I've seen my share. If I were twenty years younger, I'd throw myself at him unabashedly." She sighed.
"Sissy, you're kidding, right? You're married," Mims shot back.
"I think I'm kidding; not really sure."
Mims shook her head and looked back at the models now sharing a passionate embrace and kiss. The female had hit the genetics jackpot: curvaceous body, flowing blonde hair, sexy sky blue eyes, and full pouty mouth. Of course, maybe it wasn't genetics; maybe it was implants, hair salon, contacts, and Botox. Whatever, she's still gorgeous.
A fan billowed the female's lavender silk drape gently around her luscious body and lifted her golden hair off her shoulders. The male model bent her slightly backwards, all evidence of his boredom gone when he laid a whopper on her. His hair, the color of rich mahogany laced with sunlight, also moved in the breeze of the fan. His linen shirt, falling off his shoulder and open to the waist, revealed tanned skin and washboard abs.
Sissy said, "My God, I think I can scrub clothes on his abs."
Mims choked and shook her head at Sissy's forthrightness.
For the next hour they watched the photographer command the models, and the models perform magic. The experience transported Mims into the pages of her book. It was as if the characters had found life—a special world of romance, adventure, and a happily ever after that she wanted to step into.
"Okay, boys and girls, I think we can call it a wrap," said the height-challenged photographer.
The male model stretched and the female model ran her hands through her hair. For obvious reasons, Mims had expected the models to gravitate toward each other, but with the shoot finished, they appeared oblivious to one another. Then, to Mims astonishment, the female rushed to the photographer and bent to kiss him on the lips. He responded and whispered in her ear. She blushed and giggled, pushing at his chest. "Hon, gotta run and pick up the kids. I'm making lasagna for dinner."
Mims mouth fell open. Sissy saw the look and chuckled. "Oh, yeah, you've never met Chastity and Chuckie Chambers. They're the best in their fields and been married since their teens. Got two kids, but always act like they're on their honeymoon. It's a shock when people find out they're married. We never give it a second thought around here 'cause we see them so much. Come on, I'll introduce you to everyone. Now, the male model, Sage Tanner, he's new, so I don't know much about him; only that he's in demand." Sissy elbowed Mims, "Wonder why?" She grabbed Mims' arm and pulled her forward.
"Hey Chastity and Chuckie, I'd like you to meet the author of the book for the cover you were just shooting."
The Chambers greeted her with warm handshakes. Chastity gushed, "OMG, I just love your books. When Chuckie told me I was going to be the model for your next one, I got so excited I couldn't stop telling everyone about it. It's such a pleasure meeting you!"
"Chastity, I should be thanking you for creating such a beautiful cover," Mims said warmly.
Sissy turned to Sage who'd slipped off his linen shirt to reveal the body of a god. He reached for an old T-shirt and when his head popped through the neck, she said, "Sage, Imaginings is extremely pleased you're doing this book cover. When our artistic designer saw your portfolio, she refused to look further. The shoot was awesome."
"Thank you, ma'am," he politely replied with a slight drawl. He glanced toward Mims and her heart thumped again. You write about this stuff, girl, you don't live it.
Sissy introduced them. "Sage Tanner, I'd like you to meet Mims Murphy, our best selling author."
"I'm pleased to meet you, Ms. Murphy."
"Likewise, Mr. Tanner. But please, call me Mims."
"Okay, only if you call me Sage."
Mims felt utterly tongue-tied. A woman could drown in the man's Caribbean blue eyes and never want to be saved.
She found her voice. "Thank you for the lovely photo shoot. The cover of a book is so important." Lovely photo shoot? What a lame thing to say. How about unbelievably incredible, undeniably sensuous, mesmerizing, and sexy photo shoot?
"I'm glad you liked it."
For a second, there was an uncomfortable silence. Sissy said, "Why don't we all walk across the street for a java fix. I understand there's another shoot tomorrow for publicity photos that are going on our website. We can all throw out ideas."
Chuckie said, "I could use a break, sounds great, Sissy."
Chastity declined, "Sorry, I've got to pick my kids up from school."
Sage agreed, "Sure, that sounds nice," but he didn't sound very enthused.
Sissy grabbed Mims arm. "I'll let the powers-that-be, namely, my husband, know where we're going. Mims and I will meet you in the lobby in five minutes. She pulled Mims from the room.
"Sissy, I really need to go."
"And do what? Hack away on your computer? Give it a break, girl. I just got the most gorgeous man on the planet to join us for coffee. If you say you're not interested, I'm calling the paramedics. Better yet, I'll call the white-coats to have you committed."
"Sissy, what are you talking about? I'm not even in that guy's league. Besides, I'm older than him."
"Not more than five or six years. Cougars are out there dating men decades—yes, that's plural—younger than themselves."
"Sissy, guys like that do not go for gals like me. It only happens in books."
"Mims, I saw the guy give you that look."
"No way, Sissy."
"If you try to get out of this coffee break, I'll…I'll…refuse to publish your next book."
Chapter 2: Java Break

Sage followed the group across the busy intersection to an upscale coffee house. He had the beginnings of a headache. He'd wanted to decline the "java fix" and return to his hotel room, but he needed the modeling job. He couldn't afford to offend his bread-and-butter provider. God, I wish I could quit modeling.
They entered Jet Setters Java Junction and he watched Sissy Johansen take charge. No surprise there. She was a bulldozer, which was probably the reason she and her husband had such a successful company. Although Sage didn't read romance novels, he knew the genre outsold all others.
Someone behind the counter approached Sissy and gave her preferential treatment, motioning them to another room. They followed Sissy and their Jet Setter hostess to a room glassed off from the main one. A few high class business types sat in comfortable booths. Sage knew he looked out of place in his old T-shirt, but he didn't give a rat's ass. A beautiful woman wearing a classy business suit looked him up and down as he approached. She gave him that slow, I-like-what-I-see smile. He'd encountered that same smile thousands of times since the age of fourteen. His headache felt worse. He ignored her.
At their booth, he stepped aside so Sissy and Mims could slide in. The little photographer slid next to Sissy, so he sat next to Mims. She was a little on the well-endowed side of the fork. She seemed self-conscious, something else he'd encountered thousands of times with women.
The hostess handed them menus. Menus to order a damn cup of coffee. He laid his on the table and didn't even glance at it. Mims looked her menu over, front and back, and so did the others. The hostess returned and he listened to Chuck, because he couldn't bring himself to call him Chuckie, order a Muddy Mocha Miracle. Sissy ordered a double shot Hammerhead Bottom Feeder and he was curious about what the author would order. Very politely, she said, "I'd like a Latin Lover Latte, with lite whipped cream, please." He had to bite the inside of his cheek to keep from laughing.
The hostess turned to him. "And for you, sir?" She batted her false eyelashes.
"Black coffee."
"Whatever you want," she said suggestively, and slid the tip of her tongue across her Botox lips.
Sage wanted to ask for aspirin.
* * *
Mims watched the interaction between Sage and the waitress who was trying her damnedest to get his attention. Maybe she could use the little scene in her next book. The poor girl wasn't getting anywhere with him. He looked utterly bored. Actually, he looked gorgeous and bored.
Mims rubbed behind her neck, wishing she'd left right after the photo shoot. Sissy was speaking to her. "I'm sorry, Sissy, what did you say?"
"I said, 'Earth to Mims'," she laughed. "Actually, I was just telling Chuckie and Sage what a great writer you've become. How you've improved with each book. Now you're one of our top authors. Although…" she sent a sly look around the table and leaned in, "…you'd probably be number one if you'd use your talent to write some erotic scenes instead of dancing around them."
Mims felt color flood her face and rubbed the back of her neck again, a habit she'd carried from childhood whenever she felt flustered or nervous. She didn't know how to reply. "I…I…"
Chuckie added his two cents. "Don't worry about it Mims, practice makes perfect." He winked at her.
Mims wanted to crawl under the table.
The flirty waitress saved the day when she brought their orders. Serving Sage his coffee last, she said seductively, "Can I get you anything else?"
Sissy had obviously had enough because she said, "Honey, he's taken by the lady next to him. Show your wares elsewhere."
The young woman glanced from Sage to Mims and her eyes widened, as if to say, No way!
Mims rubbed her neck harder and shot an apologetic glance at Sage. He chuckled and picked up her free hand resting on the table. Bringing it to his lips and kissing her palm, he said, "Yep, I'm taken."
The waitress's jaw dropped, she stammered something, and then hurried away.
Mims jerked her hand back. Her previous embarrassment turned to anger; first at Sissy and then at Sage. She didn't like being the butt of their jokes.
"You know, I really have to get back to my hotel and pack. I don't have time for this. Would you please let me out of the booth, Mr. Tanner?" She started scooting over, even though he hadn't moved. He gave her a quizzical look and then stood.
"Mims, you can't leave!" Sissy cried. "I just wanted to put the little tart in her place." 
Mims slid from the booth and turned to say a cool goodbye. With her head held high and her back straight, she walked out of Jet Setters Java Junction.
* * *
Sage watched Mims stiffed-back retreat. Hell, he hadn't meant to offend; he'd just been playing along with the game her publisher had started. Any other woman would have played along, too. How could a romance novelist be such a prude? He placed his fingers on his temple. Now he had a migraine.
Chapter 3: Expect the Unexpected

Willing her creative juices to flow, Sarah Carter looked at the blank computer screen. Nothing. The final chapters of Dream Kisses refused to breathe life and her publisher wanted the "whole enchilada" in rough draft in two months!
Visions from the horrible coffee break a week before danced across her mind. She still got angry when she remembered how she'd become the object of first Sissy's, and then Sage Tanner's, strange sense of humor. 
After lambasting Mr. Tanner for the thousandth time in her mind, she turned her thoughts to Sissy's voicemails. Her publisher had left several messages apologizing for whatever she'd done, but not really owning up to anything. As usual, Sissy had addressed her by her author's name, Mims. I don't think she even knows my real name.
Sarah minimized her word processing page and clicked on the internet. Maybe her book needed field work. It was a cowboy romance, and being born and raised in Los Angeles, she knew nothing about cowboys, cows, horses, or ranching. She could do some rewrites and finish the last chapters based on firsthand experience. She scrolled her bookmarks and clicked on Lazy M Dude Ranch. Viewing the website with pictures of men, women, and children laughing and riding horses, sitting around a cozy camp fire, and eating together at long tables in a ranch style dining room, she made a sudden decision. Heck, you've got the advance money from Dream Kisses, do some investigative research. Find out what it's like to be a cowgirl. Sarah clicked on the reservation page and signed up for six weeks.
* * *
"Here're the signups for the next go-round." Newt handed Sage a computer print out.
"Thanks, Newt." Sage scanned the list of names.
Newt said, "Ya got one signed up fer six weeks."
"That's unusual. Most folks only come for a week or two. Says her name is Sarah Carter. Ring any bells with you?"
"Nope. My guess—it's one of those gals that found out you're that hoity-toity model and she's hopin' fer a roll in the hay with ya."
"God, Newt, please don't say that."
"Yeah, well so much fer puttin' this place in yer middle name, Michael Tanner. It still don't stop 'em from findin' out who ya are. I 'bout went crazy when that last lass showed up hopin' ta become the Missus."
Remembering her hasty retreat, Sage grinned. "It didn't take us long to get rid of her. A few long horse rides, lots of beans, and a policy of no makeup, sent her packing fast. If need be, we'll employ the same tactics with Sarah Carter."
"Ya got that right, boss!"

* * *
Following the sign, Lazy M Ranch, Sarah turned her rented Escalade onto a gravel road. She pushed a sweaty lock from her cheek and pulled on the neckline of her silk shell to allow air down her drenched bosom. An hour after leaving Denver International the Escalade's air conditioning had sputtered and died. I didn't think Colorado got this hot. Thank goodness, I'm almost there. Surely, they have air conditioning.
The vehicle hit a rut that slammed her shoulder into the door. "Ouch!" A few bends in the road later, with still no ranch in sight, Sarah started to worry. Braking to a stop, she scanned the countryside for signs of life. Oh yeah, there was life, but the cows scattered across rolling pastures wasn't what she had in mind. I'll just go a little farther. You'd think they'd post more signs.
Sarah started to put the car in gear, but it stalled. She turned the key in the ignition; dead as a doornail. Sucking a deep breath so as not to panic, she muttered a prayer to the car gods and turned the key again. Click…silence. Click…silence. After a dozen attempts, she laid her head on the steering wheel. No, no, no. What about your cell phone! Overjoyed, she grabbed her high-tech phone out of her purse and looked at the face. What? No Service? Crap. She rubbed the back of her neck. Okay, what would Tarah in Dream Kisses do? Sarah raised her head, grabbed her purse, exited the Escalade, and slammed the door. After that she wavered; should she walk back to the road, or continue on. How would Tarah choose which way to go? Reaching back into her purse, she pulled out a coin and flipped it; heads, she'd return to the main road; tails, she'd continue on. The coin landed on tails. Sarah grabbed a tissue from her purse, wiped perspiration off her neck, and started forward.
* * *
Sage finished repairs on the north fence and mounted Jackal. He needed to get back to the ranch to prepare for the arrival of the latest greenhorns. He adjusted his Stetson against the blazing sun—just the kind of day he liked—and nudged his horse. Damn, this dude ranch crap gets old after awhile. Flicking the reins and urging his horse into a gallop, he headed home.
When he crested a rise, a glint in the distance caught his attention and he turned toward it. Soon he realized it was a vehicle. Reaching the expensive Escalade, he dismounted and peeked through the windows. Whoever it belonged to had locked it up tight. He noticed a disturbance in the gravel and, from the small tracks, surmised the car belonged to a woman. She was walking toward the ranch. Great, now I'm gonna have to take care of some rich dame's car. I wonder if this is Sarah Carter.
Sage mounted Jackal and nudged him into a gallop. Before long, he saw a lone figure hobbling in the distance. Shit! He pushed his horse into a faster gallop. The woman turned and watched his approach.
* * *
Sarah's ankle hurt like hell. She'd twisted it in the loose gravel shortly after leaving her car. She heard a sound and looked around. Headed straight toward her on a black horse was a cowboy. She was so happy she wanted to do a happy dance, but her ankle hurt too much. Besides, it would only make her perspire more.
The horse slowed at about thirty feet out. She grinned and waved. A Stetson shadowed the cowboy's face. She raised her hand to shade her eyes against the brilliant sun.
At twenty feet, the cowboy dismounted and walked forward holding the reins of his gigantic horse. Sarah took a step backward, stumbled, and fell on her ass. The cowboy dropped the reins and rushed toward her.
"You okay, ma'am?"
I know that voice. Sarah's mouth gaped as she stared up into the sky blue eyes of Sage Tanner.
* * *
Sage stared down at Mims Murphy, the author; the one he'd pissed off in New York. From the look in her eyes, she was still pissed.
He squatted beside her. She moved her leg and winced. "Don't move, Mims, until I can check your leg out." She tried to scoot backward. He glared at her. "Damn it, don't move." Whether it was pain, or his tone of voice that kept her still, he didn't know. He gently touched her ankle, watching her face. She winced again. Slowly running his hands up the leg of her designer jeans, he studied her expression. Other than her eyes rounding, she didn't flinch. He did the same with her other ankle and leg. "I think you've sprained your ankle."
"What are you doing here?" she demanded.
"I live here."
"What? Since when?"
"Since I was born."
"Is this the Lazy M Dude Ranch?"
"It is."
"And you live here?"
"I think I already established that." He grinned. "Actually, this is a cattle ranch that offers dude ranch accommodations. Is there a problem?"
"Yes, there's a problem. I came for the dude ranch, but I didn't know you owned it."
"I didn't see your name on the list."
"I used my real name, Sarah Carter."
Sage pushed his Stetson back. "So you're six-weeks Sarah." His grin widened.
"I want an immediate refund!"
Sage ignored her demand. "Now, why would the famous author, Mims Murphy, book six weeks at a dude ranch?"
"It's none of your business. Just refund my money and I'm out of here."
"Well, Mims, if you haven't noticed, apparently your car isn't running and you've got a sprained ankle. How do you propose to leave?"
Sage stood and watched Mims, or rather, Sarah, sputter her indignation. "Okay, Mims, we're not far from the ranch. It's just around that bend."
"Yeah, right. I've been around a dozen bends."
"I'm gonna lift you onto Jackal. It'll only take about fifteen minutes to get there."
"Just get a car."
"Unfortunately, my van is in the shop and my ranch hands drove our trucks to the other side of the ranch." Sage bent to lift her. "Put your arms around my neck, Mims."
"My name is Sarah."
"I like the name Mims. Put your arms around my neck. We need to get ice on that ankle as soon as possible."
Gingerly, as if he were a swamp creature, she placed her arms around his neck. When he lifted, regrettably, a grunt escaped his throat. She wasn't skinny like the models he posed with.
When he glanced at her, she'd turned scarlet and was glaring daggers at him. "Put your good ankle in the stirrup."
She fumbled, and he grunted again. Finally, she had her foot in the stirrup. "Grab the pommel and pull."
"Grab the what?"
"Grab the big hump thing on the saddle and pull yourself up." She pulled and he hoisted her onto the back of Jackal.
She gave a tiny shriek and held the pommel for dear life. He mounted the horse behind her, placing his arms around her body and flicking the reins. His stallion started forward. She gave another shriek and hooked her arms around his.
"Mims, you really are a greenhorn, aren't you. What I'm wondering is why you want to spend six weeks at a dude ranch? Could it be because you missed me?"
"Don't flatter yourself."
Sage had a sudden flash of insight. "You're doing research for a book, aren't you?"
Still clutching his arms, she said, "Well done, Sherlock. However, my research won't be here, that's for sure."
"You hurt my feelings. What's wrong with my ranch?"
"It's not your ranch. It's you."
Sage thought back to the photo shoot. Mims had been cute and nice; even a little flustered. Then he thought about the incident at the coffee shop when the waitress had gotten her come-uppins' from the scary publisher, Sissy. He'd play acted her game by pretending he and Mims were an item. What the hell was wrong with that?
"God, Mims, I didn't mean to piss you off in New York. I didn't think playing the game was such a bad thing. I'm sorry."
"My name is Sarah. And you're right about one thing. You didn't think. That makes it even worse."
The ranch house and outbuildings came into view and she shifted in the saddle, trying to lean as far forward as possible. She'd released her grip on his forearms and now gripped the pommel. However, no matter how much she tried to distance herself, the sway of the horse kept pushing her back against him. Her prudish attitude was starting to irritate him. He hadn't met a woman yet that didn’t want his attention. He pulled the circle of his arms tighter and heard her gasp.
He led Jackal to the front porch and because she'd pissed him off, he leaned in, put his mouth against her ear, and said low and sexy, "We're home." She bristled and he grinned.
Dismounting, he reached to circle his hands around her waist. She gave him a venomous look but cooperated. When she was off the horse, he kept his hands on her waist when she swayed and yelped after trying to take a step forward. Reaching an arm under her legs, he lifted and carried her up the stairs of the wide porch. "Mims, you're gonna have to open the screen and front door."
She obeyed without argument, probably because she was in so much pain. He set her on the couch and went to the kitchen, grabbing the ice pack he always kept in the freezer. By the time he got back, she had pulled off her loafer and stocking to reveal an excessively swollen ankle. He knelt in front of her and when he saw the pain in her eyes, he didn't feel pissed anymore.
"Honey, I'm gonna roll your pant leg up and put this ice pack on your ankle. I want you to lie back." He grabbed some throw pillows for her head. She twisted and lay back and he gently lifted her leg onto the couch. Placing a pillow under her ankle, he folded back her pant leg and placed the ice pack on the swelling. She jumped when he did so. "This will help bring the swelling down."
Leaving the room, he returned to the kitchen and lifted the receiver from the wall phone to call Doc Jones.
Chapter 4: Stuck in Dodge

Lying on the couch with her forearm over her eyes, Sarah kept wishing she would wake from this nightmare. Of the hundreds of dude ranches in the United States, fate had conspired to send her to Sage Tanner's. Now all she wanted was to get her damn car running and escape Dodge. 
"Here's a wet cloth so you can wipe your face," said Sage.
She lifted her forearm to see him squatting beside her. She wanted to squeeze her eyes shut and wipe his gorgeous baby blues from her memory. She took the cloth. "Thank you," she said stiffly.
He stood and looked down at her. "I called my doctor friend and he said I need to bring you to his office for an x-ray. My ranch hand will be here soon. Then I'll drive you to Doc's."
"No…no, just get my car running or call the rental company to send another one. I'll be on my way…" And away from you.
"Mims, that's not gonna happen. Looks like you're gonna be laid up for awhile."
"Mr. Tanner, I do not intend to be laid up for any length of time, and especially not here."
"Lady…Sarah…" There was a knock on the front door. Sage walked to open it. Sarah listened to a woman's high pitched voice.
"OMG, you're Sage Tanner! We're Mindy and Mandy. We're at the dude ranch for three weeks." There was a pause and then a very seductive, "What would you like us to do?" spoken by another woman.
Sarah groaned and covered her face with the wet cloth.
Sage said, "Welcome ladies. One of the ranch hands should be here soon to check you in. Do you see that building on the other side of the corral?"
"Yes, Sage," they voiced in unison.
"That's the dorm. Your room has a sticker with your names on it. Make yourselves comfortable and feel free to explore the facility. Just don't go into the barn with the horses, okay?"
"Okay, Sage," they said in unison again. The one who had first spoken said, "We can't wait to get to know you."
"Uh, nice to meet you, uh, Mindy and Mandy." He closed the door.
Sarah pulled the cloth down over one eye and watched Sage press his forehead against the door.
"Looks like you've got some groupies," she said, and then winced when a sharp pain traveled up her leg.
"God, why me?" he mumbled.
"Oh, the perils of being a gorgeous model," she retorted.
She watched him straighten. He turned and looked at her with narrowed eyes and opened his mouth to make what looked to be a nasty reply, but instead, smiled slow and devastatingly. "So, you think I'm gorgeous?"
Sarah sputtered and pulled the cloth back over her eye. "M and M obviously think so, but sorry, you don't do it for me. I like more than a pretty package."
There was another knock on the door. "Damn!" Sage exclaimed and opened the door.
"Hey boss, I just saw two bimbos drive toward the dorm."
Sarah pulled the cloth down again and watched Sage usher a weathered old cowboy into the room. The cowboy saw her and turned scarlet beneath his leathery skin. He removed his hat and held it against his stomach. "Ah, sorry, ma'am, I didn't know there was a lady in the room."
Sage said, "Newt, this is Mims…er Sarah Carter. Her vehicle stalled on the way in. She twisted her ankle walking to the ranch and Doc wants to see her. I've got to take her to his office–"
Sarah interrupted, "No, you don't have to take me anywhere. You just have to get my car running or call the rental company to deliver another one so I can leave and–"
Sage interrupted, "Newt, pull the truck as close to the front door as you can so we can get Miss Carter into the cab–"
"What part of, 'I'm not going to see Doc', don't you understand, Mr. Tanner?"
Silently, Newt glanced between Sage and Sarah, a puzzled expression on his face.
"Pull the truck up, Newt," Sage said, staring her down.
"Yes, boss." Newt rushed out the door.
"Mr. Tanner…" Sarah began in her iciest voice.
"I don’t give a shit what you say. I'm taking you to a doctor." He stalked out the door after Newt.
Sarah pulled herself into a seated position and threw the wet cloth across the room. Who the hell does he think he is? Gingerly, she put weight on her foot and stifled a scream.
The screen door opened again and Sage stepped back inside. "You are one stubborn woman, Mims." He walked to the couch and unexpectedly lifted and carried her to his truck. The sharp pain in Sarah's ankle almost made her faint. It took all of her concentration not to cry.
Newt had the passenger door open and Sage gently sat her on the seat. She bit her cheek, but a moan escaped anyway.
When Sage shut the door, she glanced out the window to see the M and M girls watching from a short distance away. One girl bent to the other and whispered in her ear. Her identical twin slowly shook her head back and forth.
Sarah wanted to yell out the window, "Don't worry girls, he's all yours." She rubbed behind her neck. As if they're worried. Jeez, look at them and then look at you. Sarah laid her head against the door frame and squeezed her eyes tight against the Twilight Zone playing out in her life.
* * *
Doc Jones said, "Nothin's broke. But you got a doosey of a sprain. You're gonna have to be on crutches for at least ten days."
Sarah looked at him in disbelief. Even though her mind screamed, No, her mouth wouldn't move. The shot Doc had given her relieved the pain, but it rendered her woozy and sleepy. Finally, she croaked, "I don't wanna stay with Gorgeous George," and closed her eyes.
As if in an alternate world, Sarah felt herself being wheeled outside and then lifted back into the rusty old truck. She just wanted to sleep. She snuggled against someone speaking in her ear. She heard words from far away, "Sarah, let go of my neck so I can close the door and take you home."
"Home? Yes, I want to go home." Thank God, her ankle didn't hurt anymore.
* * *
Sarah stretched and her eyes flickered open. A dim illumination lit the room. Slowly, she glanced around and then groaned. She was back in the male model's living room lying on his couch. She tried to sit up and her head went fuzzy at the same time her stomach roiled. Grabbing her mouth, she swallowed to keep from throwing up.
A young girl's voice said, "Are you okay? Should I get a trash bag so you can puke?"
Sarah gained control of her stomach and shook her head. Finally, after several deep breaths, she looked for the owner of the voice. Now standing above her, a teenage girl of around fourteen or fifteen looked concerned.
"You've been sleeping ever since my dad brought you home about two hours ago. Right now, he's with the newbie dudes, getting them situated. He said I should keep an eye on you. When he gets back, we're gonna move you to the guest bedroom. It's next to my room. My dad said you've got a bad sprain and Doc's orders are for you to stay off it for awhile."
Sarah glanced at her ankle, wrapped and propped on a pillow. She groaned.
"Are you hurting? Doc sent pain pills. Should I get you one?"
"No," she croaked. She looked back at the girl and asked, "Who's your dad?"
The girl looked confused. "Sage Tanner."
The guy's got a wife and daughter? Never would have crossed my mind. I wonder where the wife is. Actually, she's probably the ex-wife.
"What's your name?" Sarah asked.
"Julie."
"Thanks for your help, Julie."
"No problem, ma'am."
The front door opened and Sage entered. Backlit by the porch light, his sun streaked mahogany hair and incredible bone structure made Sarah blink twice. He looked like an erotic angel.
"Hey, Dad, she's awake," said Julie.
"Good, turn a light on, sweetie."
Julie went to a lamp and switched it on.
"Did you get the guest room ready?"
"Sure did. Fresh sheets and dusted."
Sage patted his daughter on the head and then walked to gaze down at Sarah. "Looks like you're our guest for awhile. Newt's bringing crutches from the barn. Doc says the only time you can get up is to go to the bathroom. He wants you off the foot completely for at least three days, and then using crutches after that."
From her current prone position, Sarah looked up into Sage's azure eyes and wanted to curse the universe for putting her there.
"Doc said to ice your foot every two hours for at least fifteen minutes. Julie's gonna help with that." He squatted beside her and his ocean eyes threatened to drown her. "Are you hungry? I think you should eat. Whatever Doc shot you with for pain sure knocked you out. He sent some pain pills. If you need one, it's probably best not to take it on an empty stomach."
Sarah hated the feeling of being overwhelmed and out of control. She wanted to cry and quickly blinked back tears.
Sage said gently, "Are you hurting, Sarah?"
She shook her head, her eyes glued to his. He stayed crouched a moment longer, then stood. "I'll have Newt deliver supper here from the dorm."
Chapter 5: Busted

Sarah heard a timid knock and rolled over to face the door. Sharp pain shot up her leg and reminded her of the previous day's nightmare. First, cows and winding roads, followed by azure eyes, airhead sisters, a grizzled old cowboy, a white-haired doctor, a sweet teenage girl, and that horrible feeling of helplessness. Oh, God, why me? She turned her head into her pillow when she heard the door creak open. The thought of Sage seeing her at her worst made her push her face deeper into it. She heard Julie's voice.
"Um, good morning Miss Sarah. My ride to school will be here in a few minutes. Is there anything I can get for you?"
Sarah shook her head still crammed into her pillow. She heard the door close and peeked toward the sound of shuffling feet.
Julie slowly approached, biting her lower lip. Sarah lifted her head from the pillow to look at her. The girl was biting so hard Sarah thought her lip might bleed.
Timidly, Julie said, "Can I ask you something?"
Sarah nodded.
In a rush, she asked, "Are you Mims Murphy?"
Crap! Sarah slowly nodded again and Julie hastened to the side of the bed. She started to say something else, and then ran across the room to grab the stool in front of the vanity. She carried it back to the bed and sat down.
"O…M…G! I can't believe it. I love your books and I can't wait for Dream Kisses to be released. When my dad said he posed for the cover, I couldn't believe it. He won't let me read grown-up romance books 'cause he still thinks of me as a little girl. I get your books from my friend Tooty. I've read all of them. You're my favorite author. This is so cool—Mims Murphy is staying at my house! I can't wait to tell Tooty!" The one-sided conversation spewed from Julie like a volcano.
"No," Sarah croaked. "Please don't tell anyone I'm here. I…I…don't feel up to meeting anyone."
Julie scrunched her forehead, "Not even Tooty? She won't tell. I'll make her swear."
Sarah reached and placed her hand on top of Julie's. "Let's keep it our secret for now."
Julie looked at Sarah's hand on top of hers and then smiled. "Okay. I won't tell anyone. It'll be kinda mysterious with only you, me, and Dad knowing. He said I shouldn't tell anyone either. I don't always listen to what he says 'cause…well…'cause he's my dad and too old-fashioned."
Sarah almost choked. Sage Tanner, the gorgeous model of women's fantasies is too old fashioned? Give me a break. When Sarah thought about Sage, a fresh wave of anger washed over her. Even though he'd been nice throughout her ordeal, he was still a patronizing jerk.
"My dad said I needed to help you go to the bathroom." At the mention of bathroom, Sarah's bladder felt like it was going to burst. Slowly she attempted to sit up with Julie eagerly assisting. When she sat on the side of the bed with her feet barely touching the floor, Julie placed a crutch on either side of her. Sarah put all of her weight on her good leg and pulled herself up with the crutches. The pain in her sprained ankle shot to the top of her head. A little yelp escaped.
"Do you want me to get my dad?" Julie's anxious voice penetrated her pain fog.
"No! No! I can do this with your help."
With Julie hovering, Sarah crutched her way to the bathroom. Once they were there, Julie said, "I really need to help you sit. I promise I won't look. I'll look at the wall."
Sarah wanted to shriek with laughter; the way her bladder felt, Newt could join Julie and she wouldn't care.
While Sarah accomplished her business, Julie asked if she wanted anything from her suitcases. Sarah described her small carry case and Julie rushed to retrieve it.
A car horn beeped. "That's Tooty and her mom." Julie set the travel case on the edge of the tub.
"You run along. I'm fine."
"You sure?"
"Of course. Have a great day at school and thanks for your help."
Julie smiled. "I can't wait to talk some more! When I get home, I'll help you unpack your things. See ya later." Before closing the bathroom door, she gave Sarah a brilliant smile.
Sarah smiled back. She liked Julie. Too bad she couldn't stand her father.
Sighing, she reached for her crutches and got off the pot.
Chapter 6: Food Server

Sarah did the best she could washing herself with a washcloth. There was no way she could manage a shower or bath with her ankle wrapped tight. Pulling a brush through tangled hair and then dabbing on some blush, eyebrow pencil, and pale lipstick, she looked at her sorry reflection and sighed.
Crutching back to the bedroom, she went to her suitcase on the cedar chest at the end of the bed and grabbed an ankle length Levi skirt and a white button-down blouse. Sitting on the edge of the chest, she laboriously changed into fresh underwear and the skirt and blouse. She had just buttoned the last button when she heard another knock on her door. She couldn't decide whether to say "come in" or crutch to the door and open it. A jab of pain made the decision for her. "Come in," she croaked.
The door opened slightly and Sage poked his head around it. Looking irritated, he said, "You're not supposed to be on that foot for a few days."
Sarah pursed her lips.
He opened the door all the way and walked in. "Look Sarah, do you think we can call a truce? I'm sorry about your sprain and I'm doing my best to make you comfortable."
A sudden blast of pain made her wince.
Sage studied her expression. "Would you like to rest on the bed or the couch? There's a selection of movies in the living room. I'll have breakfast here shortly." He waited for her response.
Sucking in her pride, she said, "I'll rest on the couch," and then pushed herself up with her crutches.
* * *
Sage watched Mims slowly move toward the bedroom door. From her expression, he could see she'd taken a hit to her pride. He wanted to cover the distance between them, scoop her into his arms, and carry her to the couch, but gut instinct told him that would be the worst thing he could do. She already resented him for his heavy-handedness the day before and the Java Junction debacle. As difficult as it was, he turned and walked away, allowing her to make a painful exit to the living room.
Hovering just inside the kitchen doorway, he waited until she was seated before letting himself out the back door and heading to the dorm. Curley would be cooking a country breakfast for the greenhorns. Three more had arrived the previous night, a married couple and their teenage son—Jerry and Ann Hackstetter and Jacob. Because Sage always met with the "dudes" and "dudettes" their first night to show himself friendly, he'd learned that Mr. Hackstetter, a husky man with thick black hair, designed game software for a popular company, and Mrs. Hackstetter, a short, slim woman with muddy blond hair, was a stay-at-home mom. Mr. Hackstetter had grumbled about not having cell phone service and his wife had given Sage an apologetic look. Their son, a handsome kid with a sullen attitude who looked to be about sixteen, had almost tripped over his backpack when Mindy and Mandy had walked into the room. All Sage needed was for someone else to get hurt.
He reached the dorm and instead of entering through the front door, he slipped to the back and entered through the kitchen. Curley had a Hank William's, Sr. tune blaring through the Bose speakers he'd insisted on installing, and a stack of flapjacks already piled high. Using one hand, the old cook cracked eggs into an iron skillet and flipped flapjacks with the other on the commercial stove's center griddle. Sage turned the volume down on the CD player.
Curley reached for another egg. "Yo boss, how many more greenhorns we got comin' today?"
"Just two—an elderly couple—Mr. and Mrs. Tully."
"Okay, so we got…uh…eight for next week?"
"Yep. Actually, the next two weeks."
"Newt said there's a dudette laid up at the house with a broken leg."
"Not broken, just a bad sprain. Dish me up some breakfast so I can take it to her. Then I'll come back to greet everyone and get the day's activities rolling."
"Right-o, boss."
Curley loaded a tray with scrambled eggs, hash browns, flapjacks, and homemade biscuits. On the side he added syrup, salsa, butter, strawberry jam, and honey. "Do you want me to add coffee?"
"No, I've got some brewed at the house." Sage picked up the tray and started back outside. "Thanks, Curley. I'll need you to make up a tray at lunch and supper, too."
Curley nodded and turned the music back up to croon along with Hank about a woman's cheatin' ways.
Back at the house, Sage set the tray on the kitchen counter and went to check on Mims. She was lying stretched out with a pillow under her head and another one propped under her ankle. She obviously hadn't heard him enter because her eyes were closed. He studied her features, guessing her age to be somewhere around forty. She actually looked much younger when she wasn't scowling at him. Some wisps of shoulder length light brown hair had escaped the band at the back of her neck and now framed her face. She had a nice average face, with a cute little nose sprinkled with freckles. He remembered how her chocolate eyes had flashed when she'd argued with him. Something made her smile and the change in her countenance almost made her pretty. He wondered what she was thinking.
Instead of startling her, he tiptoed back to the kitchen and made some noise. Pouring a cup of coffee and setting it on the tray Curley had prepared, he remembered her fancy order at Java Junction. He poured cream into a glass in case she wanted it in her coffee. He also found some packets of sugar and tossed them next to the cup.
Balancing the tray on his palm, he returned to the living room and grabbed a TV table with his free hand. Mims was sitting up and smoothing her hair back. Placing the table in front of her, he set the tray on it. When he lifted the cover from the plate, she gasped. "I can't eat all that food!"
Sage chuckled, "I won't tell Curley you said that." At her questioning gaze, he explained, "Curley's the cook for the Lazy M. He's from West Texas and has no idea what small portions are."
"Well, Mr. Tanner, why don't you grab a plate and dish out about three-fourths for yourself?"
Sage started to decline, but changed his mind. Maybe he could have an intelligent conversation with the woman and appease her anger. "Okay. I'll be right back." Before going to the kitchen, he opened another TV table and set it in front of his recliner. When he returned with his plate and utensils and a steaming cup of black coffee, Mims was pouring cream into hers. He watched her sip the brew with closed eyes and a look of bliss.
"So, you're a coffee lover? I remember you ordered a fancy drink at Java Junction." The minute he said the words, he wished he could take them back. Her eyes narrowed and she started to look angry all over again. He walked to stand in front of her and dish food from her plate onto his.
When he started to step back, she said tightly. "Please take all the pancakes. I'm not much of a pancake eater."
Rather than act the nice guy and refuse, he shrugged and relieved her plate of all the flapjacks, most of the butter, and all of the syrup. He walked back to his recliner and settled into it, adjusting the TV table.
After eating for several minutes in silence, with Mims picking at her eggs and hash browns, he decided to clear the air. "Look Mims–"
She narrowed her eyes.
"Look Sarah, I think we should start fresh. I want you to enjoy your stay here and anything I can do to help with your research, just let me know. As for what happened at Java Junction, I'm truly sorry. I was just playing the game your boss started. If I'd known it would upset you, I would have kept my foot out of my mouth. So, like I said earlier, can we call a truce?"
Sage watched Sarah sip her coffee and then cradle the cup in her hands. "I'd like to ask you something, Mr. Tanner."
Sage held her gaze. "Shoot."
"Did you actually think I would be flattered by your attention?"
"I didn't think about it one way or the other. Like I said, I was playing along with the charade."
"Perhaps it was a game to you, but I saw it as demeaning and cruel."
Sage bit down on his back teeth. The woman was impossible. What did she want him to do, grovel on the floor? Inhaling to keep himself from saying something that would only antagonize the situation, he said, "What's done is done. Will you accept my apology, or at least call a truce so you can enjoy your stay here?"
She sipped her coffee again, looked down into the cup as if seeking an answer there, and then back at him. "Okay, I'll call a truce and think about accepting your apology."
Sage just about lost it. Holding his temper at bay, he inclined his head and sipped his own coffee, staring at her over the edge of the cup.
* * *
The blue fire in Sage's eyes had Sarah's heart thumping double time. She'd made him mad with her refusal to out-and-out accept his apology and she could see his jaw clench. Unable to hold his gaze any longer because of the blush suffusing her face, she looked away first. To cover her embarrassment, she straightened the throw pillow and lay back down, positioning her foot on the other pillow again. She closed her eyes and willed her erratic response to Sage Tanner to go away. She heard movement and opened her eyes again. He was lifting her tray.
"Would you like me to put a movie on? We don't get good television reception and I'm not interested in cable. Julie and I buy movies we like. We have a pretty good library."
"No, I think I'll skip the movies for now. I'll just rest."
He shrugged. "If that's what you want. I have to leave now." He pointed to a table with a landline telephone. "If you need anything, just dial 'five' and press send. It'll speed dial Curley in the dorm kitchen. He can track me down. I'll be back at lunchtime. I'll see if I can get him to go easier on the food."
Sarah smiled in spite of herself and then watched Sage leave the room. She heard a door shut at the back of the house. After fifteen minutes of trying to relax, she only felt increasingly restless and wished she'd let him put a movie on. Sitting up, she reached for her crutches and slowly hobbled to the bedroom. Grabbing her laptop sitting atop the vanity, she clumsily hauled it and herself back to the couch. Reclining again with more pillows behind her back, she positioned her laptop on one raised knee and turned it on. Calling up the file for Dream Kisses, she wondered if she would feel inspired to write. As soon as her fingers hit the keyboard, the words flowed and she lost herself in her romance.
Chapter 7: Orientation

Jacob only half listened to the rancher guy describe the day's events. Surreptitiously he glanced at the twins. Which was Mindy and which was Mandy? Except for one of them wearing a skin-tight pink tank top and the other a purple one, they looked exactly alike.
He looked back at his empty breakfast plate. He hadn't intended to eat much. He was rebelling against being forced to come on this stupid vacation, but the pancakes had been so fluffy they'd melted in his mouth. There'd even been real syrup, not the fake stuff. The cook, a bald-headed old fart named Curley, cooked better than his Mom. The twin sitting across from him caught his eye and winked, then looked back at the owner of the ranch. She kind of leaned forward, which made her boobs spill out even more over the low cut tank. Jacob reconsidered the vacation, maybe watching the twins would distract him for the two weeks he was stuck in Cowshit, U.S.A. He glanced at his father's glower expression. He doubted even a nice set of boobs could distract his father from business obligations.
The owner spoke. "Okay, now that everyone's finished breakfast, Newt's takin' ya'll on a tour of the ranch. Remember, safety first. After visiting the outbuildings and corrals, we'll introduce you to the horses and begin riding lessons. Later today, my daughter, Julie, will demonstrate trick riding for you."
Jacob watched his mother touch his dad's sleeve and smile. His dad gave her one of his sour looks before sending another one in Jacob's direction. The man could be a real asshole—like last night when he'd found out there was no cell phone reception. Jacob secretly hid a smile—his dad without a cell phone. He might have to pay attention to his wife and son. Yeah, right.

* * *
Sarah grinned at her laptop. She'd moved it to the TV table for ease of writing. She'd written over three thousand words and they just kept coming. She'd even done a search and replace and changed the name of her hero. She reread her love scene.

Gage's heart exploded in a blast of passion. Unable to extinguish his desire, he jerked Tarah against his naked chest. Her soft breasts, crushed against his wildly beating heart, only made it roar like a runaway train. When her lips parted in shock, he covered them with his. She moaned into his mouth and pushed against his chest half-heartedly. In a gesture of defeat, she lightly touched her tongue to his. He reached for her…

"From the smile on your face, that must be some damn good reading."
Sarah jerked her head up. Sage stood directly in front of her holding a tray of food. She slammed her laptop shut.
"Are you working on your new book, Dream Kisses? Is that the book you're doing research on? It's a western, right?"
Sarah felt her face burn. Sage's questions embarrassed her but she wasn't about to let him know that. "Uh, yes. It's a contemporary western."
He motioned toward the TV table and her blush deepened when she realized he was waiting for her to remove the laptop. Quickly she lifted the computer and set it next to her. Sage placed her tray on the table. "How's the ankle feeling?"
She had been so into her story it wasn't until he asked that she felt the dull ache. "The sharp pain has lessened."
"Good. I'm glad to hear that." He pulled the other TV table in front of his chair. Sarah lifted the plastic plate cover and her eyes rounded. Sage chuckled. "That's for both of us. There's an extra bowl under yours."
"This is more food than I can eat in a week." She handed her bowl of stew to him. "I'll just eat the salad and put some in the extra bowl for you."
He shook his head, "The stew's fine for me. But are you sure you don't want some? Curley's gonna want to know if you liked it and the cornbread."
Sarah eyed the food. It smelled delicious. "Well, how about you give me a small portion. I don't want to offend...er…Curley."
Sage spooned some stew into the extra bowl and slid one of the butter-dripping cornbreads on top of it. Inwardly, she groaned and calculated calories. She waited until he'd settled into his chair before taking her first bite—heaven in a spoon. He watched her and smiled. "Curley's a great cook."
"How long has he worked for you?" she asked with her mouth full.
"Over five years. The cook before him burned just about everything and lasted two weeks. Before that was Maude. My father hired her and she worked here for twenty years." A smile curved his lips and Sarah's heart tripped.
"What happened to her?"
His smile turned into an out-and-out grin. "She robbed the cradle." At Sarah's questioning look, he said, "She married a cowboy twenty years younger and they headed to Alaska to pan gold."
At Sarah's expression, Sage laughed heartily; a deep laugh that gave her goose bumps.
"I'm not kidding. Occasionally, we get a letter or postcard from her. She's pushing eighty now and still head-over-heels for her cowboy. They struck a vein and got rich, but live in a tiny cabin in the wilds."
Sarah was impressed. "That's a great story."
Sage winked. "You have my permission to use it in one of your books; just change her name."
She felt her face burn again. The wink Sage had given her turned her to mush. Enough! This guy is being nice because you're a paying guest. Remember he's a jerk!
 Sage nodded toward her laptop. "So, you wanna read what you were grinning about when I walked in?"
Sarah choked on the iced tea she'd just swallowed.
"You okay?"
She grabbed her napkin. "Yes, yes. Swallowed down the wrong pipe."
"It's that good, huh. I'd like to hear it."
Sarah regained her composure. "It's in rough draft and I don't allow anyone to read what I've written until it goes through my editor." She lied and hoped he believed her.
He looked disappointed. "Okay, guess I'll have to wait to see what I'm up to until the book comes out."
She looked at him questioningly.
"Since I'm the guy on the cover, I figure it's me doing the stuff in the book," he joked.
Mortified, Sarah speared a lettuce leaf and popped it in her mouth. Searching for anything to get her mind off Gage being Sage, she asked, "What time does Julie get home from school?"
"Changing the subject, huh?" Sage questioned low. When she didn't respond he went with the flow. "Tooty's mom drops her off about two-thirty since this is summer school. At four, she'll be demonstrating trick riding for the guests. She's really good. Her horse, Precious Pudding, is a real show off and they've won quite a few rodeo ribbons."
In spite of herself, Sarah laughed. "How did the horse get the name Precious Pudding?"
Sage grinned. "When Julie was four, she asked me what the word 'precious' meant and I explained that it was something you loved and enjoyed. That night, her mother served pudding for desert and Julie looked at me and said, 'precious pudding.' We thought it was so cute we named our new foal after it. Julie and the foal bonded, so we gave the horse to her."
"You certainly have great stories, Sage." Sarah wanted to kick herself for calling him by his first name.
He looked at her for a long moment and then smiled and stood. "Guess I better get back to ranching. Just so you know, supper's around six." He gathered her tray and his dishes and left the room. Sarah groaned. She wouldn't make that mistake again. He was Mr. Tanner, to her. Placing her laptop back on the TV table, she sighed and wished he'd elaborated more on Julie's mother.
Chapter 8: Lasso Lessons

Sage strode toward the corral where Newt was demonstrating the art of roping. He'd stayed longer with Sarah than he'd intended. He quirked a half smile remembering her blushes. Whatever she'd written, she sure didn't want him to know. It had to be all that romance stuff chick-lit novels were famous for—give him an action suspense or traditional western any day. When he remembered her delight over Precious Pudding's story, his smile turned into a big grin. She'd called him by his first name and then tried to cover her mistake. Since meeting Sarah, he'd been wondering if he'd lost his touch with women. All his life he'd had an easy way with them, and most times had to fight them off. Sarah had been the exception.
Sage rounded the corner of the barn and almost bumped into the twins. He did a quick sidestep. "Uh, excuse me ladies."
They giggled in unison and the one in the pink-T pouted, "We were wondering where you were. Are you going to watch the man swing the rope?"
"That I am. Have you had your turns?"
The pink-T twin looked him up and down. "Now what turn might that be, Sage." The purple-T sister stepped close enough for her boobs to graze his chest.
Shit. He'd stepped right into that innuendo.
Quickly sidestepping again, he pretended stupidity. "Newt's waiting for me. He's the best roper in the county and he won't rest until everyone's had a turn ropin'." Puffing air, he hurried away from the bimbos.
At the corral he rested his boot on the lowest crossbar and leaned against the railing. As expected, Newt's skill impressed the greenhorns. The old cowboy twirled the rope in a circle above his head and then lassoed the fence post next to Sage. Sage read his expression. Where the hell have you been? He responded with an innocent grin.
While Newt continued with another rope trick, the twins flanked him on either side. Now he was the center of their sandwich. Their shoulders rested against his. He glanced across the corral at the teenage kid and recognized the boy's look—envy. Sage sighed. Mindy and Mandy had no effect on him. He must be getting old.
Stepping away from the girls, he hopped over the fence and into the corral. While he walked toward Newt, the old curmudgeon whipped the rope in the air and perfectly captured him. All the dudes laughed, even sour-faced Mr. Hackstetter.
Sage stepped out of the rope. "How about we let our guests try their hands at lassoing? Jacob, would you like to be first?" The kid didn't think twice and vaulted over the railing. He shot his father a look that conveyed their love-hate relationship. Obviously, the kid was starving for his father's attention. "Mr. Hackstetter, why don't you join us?"
After a slight hesitation and a little nudge from his wife, he shrugged and clumsily climbed over the railing, even though Sage had walked to the gate and opened it. Father and son faced each other like an Old West shoot-out. Newt tossed the rope to Sage, who did some fancy twirling and then proceeded to instruct Jacob in lassoing an object—the object being Mr. Hackstetter. Surprisingly, after a few tries, the kid actually roped his dad. Everyone clapped, even Mr. Hackstetter. Jacob's chest visibly puffed out.
"Hey, Jacob, I think you're a natural," Newt called from the sidelines.
"I think you're right," agreed Sage. "Jacob, you can keep that rope and practice with it."
"Really? That's great!"
Mr. Hackstetter wasn't much of a roper and had no luck lassoing his son. However, he was a good sport about it, and ruffled his son's hair when they walked out the gate. Seeing the comradery between father and son made Sage happy, but also sad when he thought about his own son.
Next it was the twins turn and they shrieked with delight when Sage lassoed both of them together. Pink-T said with a giggle and wiggle, "Now that you've got us, Sage, what are you gonna do with us?" He smiled and tossed the rope to Newt, "I'm handing you over to Newt."
Undaunted, the girls turned their attention to the old cowpoke. Purple-T winked, and said, "We're all yours, Newt." Newt almost swallowed his false teeth.
Sage bid goodbye to the dudes and mounted Jackal. He had a ranch to run and needed to check the pastures and meet up with his other hands.
* * *
Julie bid a hasty goodbye to Tooty and her mom and rushed into the house. All day she'd wanted to blurt the fact that Mims Murphy was staying with them, but she'd given her word to keep it a secret. She knew Tooty would be mad when she found out she hadn't told her, but she just couldn't break her promise. Her dad had drilled into her the importance of keeping one's word.
Mims…er…Sarah, was sitting on the couch with her laptop in front of her. She was so absorbed she didn't even look up when Julie walked in. Julie cleared her throat, which got Sarah's attention.
"Hi, Julie. How was school?"
"Okay. Are you working on your new book?"
"Yes, I felt inspired. When that happens, I just go with the flow." She closed the laptop. "I think I'm winding down now, though."
Julie saw a strained look cross her face.
"Are you hurting?"
"Just a little. Writing takes my mind off of it." She leaned back against the couch cushions.
"Hey, you just rest. I have to go take care of my horse and then do some trick riding for the dudes, then I'll come back and help you with anything you need. Do you have to go to the bathroom or anything now?"
Sarah smiled. "Thanks, Julie. I'm fine. Your dad says you're a great rider with lots of ribbons."
Julie blushed. "I probably wouldn't have ribbons with any other horse."
Sarah chuckled, "I love the name of your horse, Precious Pudding."
"Really? You can use the name in one of your books if you want."
"Thanks. That's sweet of you. If I do, I'll be sure to let you know."
"Oh, don't worry about that. I'd know because I read all your books."
"Speaking of books, you're still carrying your backpack."
"Oh yeah, guess I better take it to my room and change clothes." Not wanting to leave, but knowing she should go over early and meet the dudes, she said goodbye to Sarah.
From four until five, Julie and Precious Pudding demonstrated trick riding. The teenage boy, Jacob, was kind of cute. He made butterflies flutter in her stomach.
While she was leading Precious Pudding back to the barn, Jacob trailed along with her. "You're really good," he said.
"Thanks. Is this the first time you've been on a ranch?"
"Uh, yeah. But your dad said I'm a natural roper. He said he'd teach me some more stuff tomorrow. Are you gonna ride for us again? I'm here for two weeks."
"Yeah, I usually do trick riding a couple times a week. Too bad you're leaving in two weeks instead of three."
"Why?"
"You'll miss our Annual Covered Wagon Three-Day Trail Blaze. We get together with another dude ranch, the Triple T, and travel in—you guessed it—covered wagons! The route is about ten miles and we keep it as authentic as possible; act like real pioneers."
"Wow, that sounds…rustic."
"Yeah, we usually lose a couple of pioneers."
Jacob gave her a strange look.
She laughed. "I don't mean 'lose them' like leaving them behind or anything. Newt radios one of the hands to pick them up."
"Oh, you had me goin' for a minute." He hesitated, "So, what grade are you in, Julie?"
Julie's stomach flip-flopped when he said her name. "I'm in eighth, going into ninth. My dad's making me take some summer school classes. What about you?"
"I'll be a freshman when school starts again."
When Julie began unsaddling her horse, Jacob asked what he could do to help. He even helped her brush Precious Pudding. "So…Jacob…" She liked the sound of his name. "Are your mom and dad enjoying ranch life?"
He frowned. "My mom is. Dad—probably not. It was my mom's idea that we come. She sorta roped my dad into it." He grinned.
Julie grinned back.
"They don't get along too well. My dad's a workaholic—can't live without his cell phone. He was really pissed when he got here and there was no service." He snickered. "I'm surprised he's stayed this long. What about your mom? I haven't met her."
"My mom died in a car accident when I was five."
"Oh, I didn't mean to pry. I'm sorry."
"No, really, you didn't. My dad's done a great job of raising me, although I wish he'd fall in love again and get married. I'm not one of those daughters who wants her dad all to herself. I'll be gone to college before you know it and I want my dad to have someone special."
Jacob tapped his jaw. "You know, those twin sisters, Mindy and Mandy, seem to have a thing for him. Maybe one of them–"
Julie stopped brushing her horse's flank and busted out laughing. "Those are the least likely ones my dad would go for. We always get women signing up for the dude ranch just so they can meet him."
Jacob looked puzzled.
Julie leaned toward him and whispered, "He's a pretty famous model…in lots of magazines and on book covers. When the ladies track him down, he hates it. I just wish he'd find someone like Mims…" She clamped her mouth shut. "I mean someone normal."
"Wow. Your family is full of surprises."
Chapter 9: Family Photos

For three days, Sarah took advantage of her convalescence and typed nonstop. She got over twelve thousand words written and several rewrites of previous chapters. Sage continued personally delivering her meals and joining her with his. He asked questions about the writing process and genuinely seemed interested in what she had to say.
By the fourth day of her recovery, her ankle was feeling much better and she had mastered the art of maneuvering with crutches. Boredom led her to the living room early. She tried to write but couldn't get into the flow. Grabbing her crutches, she decided to get a little exercise by hobbling around the living and dining rooms. In the dining room, she paused before a buffet displaying several pictures.
There was a wedding photo of a young Sage and his bride. They didn't look more than eighteen or nineteen. She still didn't know anything about the mystery wife, and hadn't felt at liberty to ask Julie. There was a picture of a middle-aged couple with an even younger Sage and his wife, probably his girlfriend at the time. She glanced at another photo that gave her pause. Picking it up, she puzzled over it. It was Sage and his wife and they each held a toddler. His wife had a girl on her lap and Sage had a boy on his. The little girl looked like Julie.
"That's my twin brother, Michael." Julie said from behind her.
Sarah gasped and placed her free hand over her heart.
Julie walked beside her. "Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you."
"It's okay. Maybe I shouldn't be in here anyway."
"No, no. The pictures are there to enjoy."
Sarah set the photo back in its place and bit her lip. She wanted to ask about the twin brother, but wasn't sure if she should.
Julie seemed to read her mind and picked the picture up. "My mom, Marylou, and my brother died in a car accident when I was five."
"Oh, God, I'm so sorry."
"Hey, it was a long time ago. Me and Dad choose to remember the good times. That's why we've got the pictures displayed."
Sarah heard movement and turned to see Sage leaning against the curved archway opening into the living room. Mortification flooded her body and crimson color crept all the way to her face. She didn't know what to say.
Sage pushed upright and directed his gaze at Julie. "Sweetie, are you ready for school?"
Julie nodded, "Almost, I just have to gather a couple things." She looked at Sarah, "I'll see you later." Giving her dad a quick hug, she rushed from the room.
Sarah avoided looking at Sage and concentrated on her crutches. Willing her voice not to shake, she looked at his boots. "I'm really sorry. I wasn't being nosy. I just saw some pictures and…" Her voice trailed.
"You know, Mims, you're really fetching when you blush," he chuckled and walked away.
Fetching when you blush. Sarah's mortification intensified. Who talked like that, and was he making fun of her again. She didn't know whether to be flattered or angry. What she did know, however, was that the phrase would sound great in her book. Hastening back to her laptop, her fingers tapped the keys.

Tarah smoothed her skirt and fiddled with her hair. Loosing a few tendrils from its bun, she arranged them to showcase her pale complexion.
Since the day she'd responded to Gage's kiss before pulling away and rushing from him, she had avoided him. Tonight, however, there would be no further avoidance. His father had arrived and expected the entire household to dine in style, which meant dressing for the occasion. Tarah gazed in the mirror at her pink, calf length, polished-cotton skirt and embroidered peasant top. It was the nicest outfit she owned. Still, she knew it would pale in comparison to Daisy and Dolly, the Dempsy twins', elegant attire.
Sighing, she left her room and stepped down the grand staircase. Unexpectedly, Gage exited the drawing room and glanced up. She stumbled and blushed profusely at her clumsiness. He waited at the bottom of the stairs. When she reached the last step and still refused to meet his eyes, he said, "You're fetching when you blush, Miss Casey."

Sarah sighed and closed her laptop.

Chapter 10: Cowboy Up

Two days later, Sarah felt really good. She was even walking short distances without the crutches, although she didn't let Sage see her progress because of ensuing lectures.
During lunch, he told her he was treating his guests to steaks at a popular restaurant and then showing them a good time at the local hot spot. Sarah knew it was part of the package deal the dude ranch advertised.
He glanced at her wrapped foot. "So, do you feel up to going? You won't have to crutch much; just to and from the restaurant and club. Seeing the locals in action would be great research."
Sarah didn't have to think twice. "I'd love to go."
"Great. We leave at five. The teenagers will join us for supper and then Newt's taking them to a local video arcade. After supper, the adults can kick back with a few beers, do some line dancing, and enjoy the cowboy way." He winked and added, "Since Beaner and I are the designated drivers, we don't get to drink."
After Sage gathered their trays and left, Sarah opened her laptop and typed a note for revising one of her chapters—Gage Introduces Tarah to the Wild Side.
* * *
By four o'clock, Sarah had tried on several outfits. She had no idea which one to choose. Should she wear her denim skirt, her Levi jeans, a fancy shirtdress, or something else? There was a knock on her door. Maybe it was Julie and she could help her decide.
"Who is it?" she called.
"It's me, Julie. Can I come in?"
"Oh yes, please."
Julie opened the door and glanced at the mound of clothing on the bed.
Sarah motioned her forward. "Julie, I'm so glad you're here. I need help in deciding what to wear. I bought cowboy boots in Los Angeles, but what should I wear with them? "
Without hesitation, Julie picked up the denim skirt, a pretty peasant top, and a denim vest. "This would look really nice."
Sarah accepted the clothes and heaved a sigh. "Thank you, honey. I don't want to stand out like a sore thumb."
"Mims…I mean Sarah, you're gonna look like a regular cowgirl."
Sarah ignored Julie's slip up because she really didn't care at this point.
Julie continued, "Dad said you're riding with us in his truck."
"Okay. Should I wear dangling earrings, too?"
Julie grinned. "Yeah, they'll add a great touch."
In a spontaneous gesture Sarah hugged Julie. "Thank you."
Several minutes before five, Sarah sat nervously on the couch with her hands tucked under her knees. She hadn't felt this anxious in a long time. You'd think I was going on a date.
She glanced from her wrapped foot to the other one in her fancy cowboy boot, wishing she could have worn both of them. Hearing a door close at the back of the house, she waited for Sage to enter from the kitchen. When he walked into the room, she couldn't breathe. He looked like he'd just stepped off the cover of Cowboy Vogue with his longish mahogany hair brushed back and golden highlights visible even inside the house. He wore an off-white Chambray shirt tucked into faded low-riding Levis. An intricately tooled deep-chocolate leather vest complimented his tan. The inevitable leather belt and silver buckle encrusted with semiprecious stones completed the look.
Sarah realized she was staring and quickly looked down at his brown and beige ostrich boots.
"Ready to go, Sarah?" If he'd noticed her gaping, at least he was polite enough to act like he hadn't.
"Ah, yes." She reached for her crutches while he opened the front door. On the porch, she asked, "Where's Julie?"
He pointed toward the dorm where Julie was talking to a teenage boy in front of Newt's truck. The rest of the guests were loading into the van. Sage helped Sarah down the porch steps and then opened the truck's door. Julie rushed over and Sarah waited for her to enter first.
Sage said, "No, Sarah, you first. You'll be able to stretch your leg out better." To her chagrin, he took her crutches and put them in the truck bed, then bent to catch her under the knees and lift her into the cab. Julie waited for her to scoot to the center of the seat and Sage hopped in on the driver's side. Although she tried to keep from rubbing shoulders with him, there was no help for it. Every time the truck hit a bump, she was forced against him. He smelled like pine trees and fresh air.
* * *
Sage held the door open to Big Bertha's Steak House for all the dudes, Newt, and Beaner to enter. The hostess knew the routine and led them to a reserved area at the back of the restaurant. Three tables had been pushed together end-to-end and two servers descended to take drink orders as soon as everyone was seated. More servers distributed menus. Sage sat at one end of the table and Newt at the other. Jacob and Julie sat next to each other about halfway down, with Sarah beside Julie and Beaner beside Jacob. Mr. and Mrs. Tully were on either side of Newt and the Hackstetters were next to them. Mr. Hackstetter pulled out his cell phone and started texting. Obviously, he now had cell phone service. He ignored his wife's glare. Sage watched him glance at her and mouth the words, "What! What!" She blinked rapidly and looked down, surreptitiously swiping at her eyes. Sage looked back at her husband. Asshole.
The M and M twins had maneuvered themselves to either side of Sage and he frequently felt the brush of a slender leg. He sighed. Newt was recounting one of his stories about the Wild West that Sage had heard at least a hundred times. He turned his attention to Sarah.
If ever there was a greenhorn trying to look country, she was it. She stood out like a sore thumb. He lifted his napkin to his mouth to hide a smile. She looked cute as hell! At the moment, he couldn't remember why he'd ever considered her plain. He had to stifle a laugh. Somehow, Sarah—alias Mims—was the only woman he knew who personified the words prudish but feisty. She glanced at him and he held her gaze. She looked away first and turned pink. She was looking cuter by the second.
He turned his attention to his guests and talked the same old bullshit he did at every dudes' dinner, except this one was more fun.
After a dinner of juicy steaks, country fries, homemade rolls, corn-on-the-cob, green salad, and peach pie for dessert, Newt took the teenagers to Archie's Video Depot so the adults could enjoy a rip-roarin' time at Boot Bustin' Barn. Sarah rode with Sage while Beaner drove everyone else in the van. At the club, he came around to open her door and laughed at her wide-eyed expression. The "Barn" did have certain flair with its gigantic bull statue in a parking lot lit by neon lights. Every few minutes, the monster made itself known.
Sage helped Sarah out of the truck and when he reached for her crutches, the bull mooed and bucked and lights flashed. Sarah shrieked and grabbed his shoulder. Immediately, she jerked back. "Oh, jeez, I'm so sorry. That thing caught me by surprise. I didn't expect it to talk and move."
Sage almost couldn't stop laughing. "Hey, you're not the first person taken by surprise." He handed her crutches to her. "Tonight will be great research for your book. Did you bring a tablet?" He was only joking, but when she patted her purse and nodded, he choked and pretended to cough so she wouldn't think he was making fun of her.
Inside, he was greeted by the Barn crew, who knew him well because of all the dudes he brought. Sally, a leggy waitress in skin tight Levis and a push up bra under a black tank top, the uniform of all the waitresses, led them to their reserved tables draped with red and white checkered plastic tablecloths. Their spot was in the farthest corner from the stage because it afforded a good view of the band, the bar, the pool table, the dance floor, but also allowed for a semblance of conversation. Sage pulled out a chair for Sarah. Of course, the twins flanked him again. In their skin fitting black jeans, red stiletto boots and red satin cowboy shirts unbuttoned far enough to allow an excellent show of cleavage, every cowboy in close proximity was moseying over to check out the view.
"What'll ya'll have?" Sally drawled and winked at Sage. They had gone to high school together and Sally had been one of Marylou's bridesmaids. Although he knew the town speculated as to whether he and Sally had ever had a "thing" after Marylou's death, they never had. Sally was a good friend. Besides, she'd always had a "thing" for Howard, another high school friend. Long ago, Howard had left their small town, but Sally still carried a torch for him and practically swooned whenever he stopped by the Barn on one of his rare visits.
"The beers on me," Sage announced. "Anything else and it's your dime. Beaner and I are the designated drivers, so we don't drink. Have a great night!"
"I'll have a Bud," Mr. Hackstetter said absently to his wife while text messaging. Even Boot Bustin' Barn couldn't get him to pocket the damn phone. His wife gave him a hurt look. Sage suddenly had an inspiration and motioned to Sally. When she leaned down, he put his mouth close to her ear and gave instructions. She stood and didn't even bat an eyelash, but the twinkle in her eyes said she understood and agreed.
The band walked onto the raised platform of what was jokingly called a stage. Next to the dance floor, someone climbed onto the coin-operated mechanical bull, and Sage watched Sarah's delighted expression as the thing went wild while the cowboy held the bull rope with one hand and his Stetson above his head with the other.
In the midst of the mayhem, the band called, 1-2-3-4 and struck the chords to a shit-kickin' tune. Sally expertly wielded a large round tray with pitchers of beer through cowboys and cowgirls dashing to the dance floor. She reached their table and set a Bud in front of Mr. Hackstetter and a pitcher in the center along with iced mugs. She unloaded her other pitcher and mugs at the next table before heading back to the bar for more. Mindy and Mandy were already sloshing beer into their glasses and Sarah's too.
Both girls were chugging ale when two lanky cowboys approached, hats in hand, asking for a dance. Mindy grabbed the arm of one cowboy and Mandy grabbed the arm of the other. Sage grinned when they wiggled their curvy butts away from him. Freedom.
He glanced at Sarah and dropped his jaw. She actually had a notepad out and was scribbling as fast as she could. He decided to have a little fun. "Sarah, have you tried your beer yet?"
"I don't drink."
"Come on, Sarah; cowboy up. Don't tell me you've come this far with your research not to follow through. You can't have a shit-kickin' time without drinkin' a little beer."
She studied his face, seemingly pondering his words. "I guess you're right." Delicately, she picked up her mug and sipped. "It doesn't taste very good, does it?"
He laughed, "I suppose that depends on who's doing the tasting." Surprised, he watched her try another sip.
"Maybe it will grow on me."
Sage turned his attention to the cowboy approaching Mrs. Hackstetter. Jackson Martinez, the blond foreman of Triple T Ranch, was known to have a way with the women. Politely, he grinned and asked her to dance. After a quick glance at her husband, she shook her head no. Jackson looked disappointed and started to turn away when she changed her mind. She accepted his hand and followed him to the dance floor where he proceeded to teach her the current moves. Sage glanced at Mr. Hackstetter. He looked like he'd just swallowed a hot coal. Jackson got real close to Mrs. Hackstetter and she giggled like a school girl.
Sage glanced back at Sarah and did a double-take; a third of her beer was gone and she was still sipping. The song ended and a new one began. Jackson walked Mrs. Hackstetter back to her chair and gave her a sexy, bedroom look. She'd barely sat down when another cowboy asked her to dance. She didn't even hesitate to show off her new moves.
Unfortunately, the M and M gals returned and pulled Sage from his chair, determined to dance with him. Because refusing would only cause a scene and probably make the sisters all the more determined, he allowed himself to be dragged to the floor. Oh boy, he was once again an M and M sandwich, only this time it was on the dance floor of Boot Bustin' Barn. Sally dodged dancers while carrying her tray and he sent her a pleading look. She only shook her head. He could read her mind. I'm too busy; you're on your own. Mindy and Mandy snaked their bodies up against his and he looked over to see Sarah had emptied her mug.
* * *
Sarah's head felt fuzzy. She kind of liked the feeling. At least it numbed the bad feelings she was having toward Mindy and Mandy as she watched them put the moves on Sage. She didn't want to feel jealous, but she did. When she tried to write on her notepad, her fingers wouldn't grip the pencil. Finally, she gave up and looked at Mr. Hackstetter. What was his first name, Jerry, Jerrod, Jerk; something that started with a "J". But since everyone called him Mr. Hackstetter, she decided she would too. He had that "Mister" look about him. Actually, he looked kind of nerdy—nerdy and mad. She followed his gaze. Mrs. Hackstetter looked happy in the arms of a cute cowboy. Sarah wished her fingers worked so she could write down all this great research.
The song ended and a slow one started. Even though Mindy and Mandy tried to get Sage to slow dance with both of them at the same time, he shook his head and came back to their table. Another cowboy quickly stepped up to the girls and seemed delighted with their version of slow dancing.
Sage sat beside her. "So, Sarah, have you changed your mind about the taste of beer?"
"Maybe yes, maybe no, Cowboy." She couldn't believe she'd just said that.
Sage chuckled. "I think you're tending toward the 'yes' side."
* * *
Sage pulled his truck in front of his house. "Sarah, we're home." He gently nudged her shoulder. She'd slumped against the passenger door shortly after leaving the Barn and occasionally filled the cab with unladylike snores. He came around to her side of the truck and opened the door, catching her as she tumbled out.
"Eeek!" she squealed and grabbed his vest front. "Is it time for another beer?"
Sage chuckled, "No Sarah, I think your beer drinking days are over. You turn into a lush after a few sips."
"Yes, I know my blush is quite fetching."
It took a second for Sage to understand what she was talking about and then he busted out laughing. "Sarah, you are the most entertaining woman I've met in years. Come on, let's get you to bed." He reached under her knees and lifted her into his arms. She was heavier than the skinny models he posed with and the occasional one-night stand he allowed himself to keep his frustration level manageable. She felt good. Her busty bosom rubbed his chest. She'd loosened the strings of her peasant blouse earlier when the Barn had become stiflingly hot. The M and M girls had nothing on her in the "stacked" department.
On the porch, he stood her upright and leaned her against the wall next to the door. She swayed and he reached to catch her.
"Whoops," she giggled, and tightened her grip on his vest, pulling him close.
"Mims, I'm trying to open the door. You're going to have to let go." She let go and started to topple again. He grabbed her shoulders and pressed her against the wall. "Now what are we going to do. I can't open the door if I'm holding you up."
"I guess you're in a pickle," she slurred.
Sage laughed low and glanced down at her breasts straining over the top of her blouse. She'd already made him hard, but now he became painfully so. "I've got to get you to bed." Bad choice of words. "I need a little help here," he whispered in her ear. Another bad choice of words.
Mims moved her head until her lips hovered above his. "Okay, gorgeous model man."
Sage couldn't catch his breath. Her lips, barely grazing his, shifted the clutch in his heart and knocked it into high gear. Slowly, she put more pressure against his mouth. He didn't move. For a long time, they just stood lips to lips. Finally, she opened her palms against his chest and rubbed from his pecs to his abs and back again, sending his body into arousal heaven. He touched his tongue to her lips. She moaned and opened her mouth. Reaching for her arms and pulling them around his neck, he kissed and licked his way from her mouth to the tops of her straining breasts.
"Oh God," she whispered, pressing against him and entwining her fingers in his hair. He lifted his head and captured her mouth again, holding nothing back. When he broke away, she said, "You smell like sunshine." Her unexpected remark jostled him and he lifted away from her, guilt flooding him. He'd taken advantage of her imbibed state. He groaned and looked into her up-tilted face.
"Princess, I think we just crossed the bounds of ranch owner and ranch guest…not something I'm proud of. Let's get you inside."
Chapter 11: Morning Regrets

Sarah jammed the pillow over her head, but she could still hear noise. Her cotton brain finally recognized the sound as knocking. "Go away," she mumbled. The knocking stopped and she sighed with relief. She heard the door squeak and squinted to look at it. Julie peeked around the edge.
"Are you feeling okay, Sarah?" the girl timidly asked.
Sarah's mind tried to get a grasp on reality. "What day is it?"
"Sunday."
"What time?"
"Almost noon."
Sarah jolted upright. She never slept late. The movement sent her head whipping like a roller coaster. "Ouch." She pressed her palms to her temples and fell back against her pillow. "Am I sick," she asked.
Julie laughed, "Not unless you consider a hangover sick."
A hangover! Suddenly, the previous night tumbled into remembrance—steak dinner, bucking bull, sawdust covered dance floor, live country band, beer… She groaned and turned her face into her pillow again. What kind of example was she setting for this impressionable girl? Another memory surfaced and her eyes popped wide open. Please, God, let it be a dream. In her mind's eye, she envisioned passionate kisses on the porch, hands and mouths in erotic zones, and Sage's face. She covered her face with her hands.
"My dad said you'd probably be a little upset when you woke up. He didn't tell me why. Can I get you anything?"
Sarah shook her head, not lifting her hands from her face. "I'm fine, Julie," she lied and mumbled behind her palms.
"Dad said I should give you some orange juice."
Sarah peeked through her fingers and noticed the glass in Julie's hand. She croaked, "Please, set it on the nightstand. Thank you. I need some time…to get dressed." She'd been about to say "alone," but didn't want to hurt Julie's feelings.
Julie seemed to understand. "Okay. I'll check on you later."
Sarah heard the door close and blinked rapidly to cap a gush of tears threatening to erupt like a geyser. I will not cry. I will not cry. I will not cry. A loner slipped through her resolve and she swiped at it. Sniffing, she gingerly moved her legs over the side of the bed and grasped her spinning head. I will never drink beer again. Holding onto furniture, she grappled her way to the bathroom and sat on the side of the tub, removing the wrapping from her foot. Thank God she was still wearing last night's outfit—minus her vest and boot, however. The hot shower seemed to help her massive headache.
At issue now was how to leave the ranch without facing Sage. She didn't want to hurt Julie by abruptly flying the coop, but her desire to avoid Sage outweighed even that resolve. Her stay at Lazy M Dude Ranch had forever cured her of hands-on research. From now on, research would take her only as far as her laptop and the internet.
She returned to the bedroom and tentatively sipped her orange juice. It stayed down. Feeling strong enough to get dressed, she pulled on a pair of turquoise slacks and matching shell. While she was sitting on the bed attempting to rewrap her foot, she heard another knock. Thinking it was Julie, she called, "Come in."
Sage opened the door. Sarah glanced up from fastening the hook on the wrap and almost fell on the floor. He started toward her and she jerked a staying hand at him. He stopped.
Her mouth moved, but no words came out.
He said, "How are you feeling?"
She still couldn't find her voice.
He glanced at the glass of orange juice she'd set back on the nightstand. "The juice will help."
Sarah knew he was saying anything to fill the awkwardness. "I'm leaving," she finally voiced.
Sage leaned against the door frame. "You mean running, don't you?"
She gaped at him and then resorted to a teenage response, "Whatever."
"You know, Sarah, nothing happened. It was only a little kiss."
She remembered the expertise of his mouth. Yeah, right.
He continued, "Look, I'll make a deal with you because I'd hate for you to miss the wagon train next week and all that great research…I'll move you to the dorm today. That way you won't have to be around me as much." Again, he paused. "Sarah, I'm really sorry. I never get involved with my guests. I take full responsibility. You were a little…imbibed…and appealing. I lost my head."
Sarah honed in on one word—appealing. He thought she was appealing. What a crock. Now she was even more determined to leave and her face must have mirrored her resolve.
Sage stepped into the room, angry. "You don't believe me, do you? You think I'm full of horseshit…just flattering you so you'll stay and not ask for a refund. Lady, you are a piece of work. I've bent over backwards to make up for my screw up in New York, and now I'm doing the same thing for my screw up last night. You know, I think you just don't like men. Sure, you write your novels about dashing heroes, but real-life men have no place in your world. You need to see a shrink, Mims."
Sarah couldn't move. She either wanted to lash a retort or run from the room, but neither her legs, nor her mouth worked, so she just stared wide-eyed at him. He didn't budge. Finally, the only body part that worked, were her tear ducts. Big fat drops welled and rolled down her cheeks.
"Aw shit. I can't do anything right." He strode across the room and knelt in front of her. Placing his hands over hers, he said gently, "Look, I don't want you to leave. I want you to finish your research. At least stay for the wagon train. It'll be fun and you'll learn a lot about the Old West. I promise I'll behave and try not to have foot-in-mouth disease again. If you leave now, we'll both feel like shit." He reached a hand toward her face, but it only hovered a second before he dropped it. Standing, he walked to the bathroom and grabbed a wad of Kleenex. Pressing the tissues into her palm, he said low, "Will you give me another chance, please Sarah?"
Sarah inhaled a shuddering breath. He may be a jerk, but he was a nice one, and he was right about one thing, she'd feel like shit. She knew he was exaggerating about himself, but for her, it was not an exaggeration. She needed to leave this ranch on good terms. If she didn’t, it would haunt her. Slowly she nodded.
He whooshed, "That's my girl."
Sarah wanted to glare at him for the endearment, but she didn't have the courage.
"Do you think you'll be ready to move to the dorm by late afternoon?"
She nodded again.
* * *
Julie helped Sarah pack the last of her belongings. Closing the small carry case she'd placed toiletries in, she carried it from the bathroom to the bedroom. "Hey, Sarah, looks like you almost don't need crutches anymore."
Sarah glanced up from fastening a large suitcase on her bed. "Uh, what did you say?"
Julie repeated herself. All day Sarah had seemed preoccupied. Maybe she didn't want to leave the house. Whatever was wrong, it had put a sad expression on her face. She looked like she'd been crying.
Sarah finally responded, "Oh yeah, another day or so and–"
There was a knock on the door halting their stilted conversation. Julie saw Sarah get an almost panicked look. What the heck is going on? When Sarah didn't say anything, Julie asked, "Do you want me to get the door? It's probably Dad or someone to help carry your things."
"Umm…yes, please." Sarah turned her back to the door and fiddled with the suitcase latch again.
Julie opened the door to her dad and Newt. She saw her dad glance quickly at Sarah's back. Even he looked weird. He looked at Julie. "Are you ready?" he asked cheerfully.
Julie knew it was forced cheerfulness. She scratched her head. "Yep, looks like everything's packed."
"Great. Newt, why don't you grab that suitcase?" He pointed to the one on the floor. "Julie, carry what you've got, and I'll grab the other one." He looked at the one Sarah was fiddling with.
When he walked toward the bed, Sarah stepped aside, seemingly entranced with the carpet. Julie glanced at Newt. He only gave a slight shrug, reading the question in her eyes. What's going on? She waited for the room to clear and then followed behind Sarah who was carrying her crutches and not using them. A sudden thought popped into her head. Do my dad and Sarah have a thing for each other? Her dad opened the front door and she studied his expression. She saw him cast a quick glance at Sarah. Dang, he does have a thing for her! I can't believe it. Wow, cool! By the way she's acting, she must like him too. Cool…cool…cool!
After the suitcases were loaded in the back of the pickup, it was decided Newt would drive the truck and Sarah would ride in the cab. Sage and Julie would sit on the tailgate for the short drive.
"Julie, help Sarah into the truck," Sage ordered.
If Julie had any doubts about how her dad felt, they evaporated with those words. If he didn't have feelings for Sarah, he wouldn't think twice about helping her. Julie hid her grin. "Sure, Dad."
At the dorm, she helped Sarah out of the cab and then grabbed the carry case while her dad and Newt transported her suitcases. Jacob rushed to help, but there was nothing left to carry. He shifted the small case from Julie's hand.
"You know, I think I can manage carrying that," said Julie.
"I know," Jacob replied, and smiled at her.
Julie's heart tripped. He's super cute.
Jacob held the door for everyone. Inside, Mindy and Mandy, wearing leggings and sports bras that seemed a size too small, were following high energy instructions blaring from an aerobics dance video. "Pump it up!" the instructor yelled as a song kicked into high gear. Not missing a beat, the twins said in unison, "Hi, Sage."
"Hello, Mindy and Mandy."
Julie knew he was just being polite. She looked at Jacob and rolled her eyes. He coughed and covered his mouth, but she could see he was grinning.
Mr. and Mrs. Hackstetter walked in from the hallway and Mr. and Mrs. Tully entered from the kitchen. Sage cleared his throat. "Can I have everyone's attention for a sec?"
"Anything you want," said one of the M girls. The other one turned the volume down on the video.
"I know ya'll met Sarah Carter last night. In a day or so, she won't need crutches, so she's decided to experience dude life by hanging out with ya'll."
"Welcome, Sarah, it's good to see you again. You let us know if you need anything," said kind Mrs. Tully.
While Sarah got reacquainted with her fellow greenhorns, Julie watched her dad, Jacob, and Newt deliver Sarah's suitcases to the largest bedroom at the end of the hall. When they returned, Newt mumbled something about checking on the horses and Jacob walked back to her. Mindy and Mandy cornered her dad and Julie heard Jacob snicker. He quickly did another "cough" act and turned around. She had to bite the inside of her cheek to keep from laughing herself. She could see from the grinding of her dad's jaw that he was really irritated with the twins. She watched him force a smile and then politely extricate himself from their clutches. Before he left the room, he said, "Julie, when Sarah's ready, show her to her room and help her unpack."
"Sure, Dad."
After he left, Jacob asked, "Is your dad okay?"
"Yeah. He's just got a lot on his mind," she hedged. "Hey, since it's free time, do you want to go for a horseback ride before supper?"
"That sounds great! Do you think we could ride to the river?"
"Oh, yeah. Why don't you bring your rope and we'll practice some tosses?"
"That's a great idea. Your dad was watching me earlier today and said I'm learning fast." Jacob looked kind of embarrassed and started to say something else, but stopped.
"What?"
"I was just going to tell you how much I like the cowboy life—never thought I'd say that."
Julie grinned. "Sure wish you were staying for the wagon train next week."
"Me, too. I asked my mom and dad if we could stay, but Dad said no 'cause he's got too many obligations, although I think my mom wants to stay. She's been acting weird all day. She always caters to my dad and now she's practically ignoring him. She even looks younger and keeps getting this grin on her face. I can tell it's driving my dad crazy. He hasn't pulled his laptop out all day."
"Yeah, my dad is acting strange, too," Julie admitted. "Well, let's see if Mims…er…Sarah, is ready to be shown to her room."
"Why do you keep calling her Mims?"
"Ah, I know someone who looks like her and that's her name."
"Oh, okay."
Julie and Jacob walked to stand beside Sarah who politely excused herself from talking with Mr. and Mrs. Tully. After showing Sarah to her room and helping her unpack, Julie returned to the great room where Jacob was waiting. The twins had disappeared. They were probably trailing her dad around the ranch, which would no doubt put him in a worse mood. Jacob's mom was now exercising with the aerobics video and doing a pretty good job of keeping up. His dad sat in one of the recliners watching her with a sullen expression.
A knock on the door interrupted everyone. Julie opened it. "Hey, Jackson, good to see ya. You just missed my dad. You might catch him at the barn. Want me to call him on the walkie-talkie?"
"Uh, yeah. Can I come in a minute?"
Julie stepped aside. "Sure. Hey, were you at Boot Bustin' Barn last night? Did you meet our guests?"
Jackson removed his Stetson. "Yes, I met everyone last night." He glanced toward Mrs. Hackstetter who had stopped exercising. Julie couldn't tell if she was red-faced from exertion or blushing. Mr. Hackstetter's face was red as a tomato.
Jackson said, "I'm…ah…delivering the last of the fence posts Sage bought from the Triple T. I thought he might be here."
Duh, since when do you look for dad when delivering fence posts?
Mrs. Hackstetter said softly, "Hello Jackson. It's nice to see you again. Last night was fun."
"Thank you, ma'am. I enjoyed myself."
Curley walked in from the kitchen with a fresh pot of coffee that he always kept brewed. "Hey, Jackson, haven't seen you for awhile."
"Howdy, Curley." He held his hat in front of him and nervously played with the brim.
There was an awkward silence and then Julie said, "Curley, will you call Dad on the walkie-talkie and let him know Jackson's looking for him?"
"Sure thing." Curley got to the kitchen door then turned back around. "Hey, Jackson, why don’t you join us for supper? I'm servin' stew and cornbread."
Jackson smiled. "I'd like that."
Julie glanced at Mrs. Hackstetter. She looked delighted. Mr. Hackstetter looked mad. Jacob looked confused. Jeez, have I stepped into an alternate reality?
Chapter 12: Role Playing

Sarah unpacked her suitcases, grateful to be alone. The atmosphere had gotten tight when Jackson arrived. She remembered him from the previous night. He'd danced several times with Mrs. Hackstetter, who'd obviously enjoyed his attention. She couldn't blame her. Jackson was handsome and Mr. Hackstetter didn't appear to be a very attentive husband, although the look he'd given the cowboy had jealousy written all over it. Perhaps Jackson was just the kick-in-the-ass Mr. Hackstetter needed to kindle something with his wife. Sarah stuck the scene in the back of her mind; maybe she'd use it in one of her stories.
After unpacking, she stretched across the homemade quilt on the four-poster bed in her temporary home. Unwanted emotions, buried for a long, long time, surfaced with Sage's haunting words. You need to see a shrink, Mims.
She covered her eyes with her forearm, remembering things she wanted to forget—a failed marriage at the age of twenty-four, a miscarriage at five months gestation, and then depression so deep she hadn't wanted to live. Maybe she was having a relapse and Sage was right about her needing to seek help. What did they call it—Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome?
She sighed and rolled onto her side. Her thoughts retaliated against Sage. He didn't have dibs on the heartache market. Although losing his wife and child certainly outweighed her tragedy; watching her baby's twenty-four hour struggle for life while caressing his tiny hand was enough to send anyone to the loony bin. Closing her eyes, she drifted and relived bits and pieces of her life—meeting John Carter, a man eighteen years her senior and being swept off her feet; planning her beautiful wedding; believing the lies John told her about out-of-town business trips and late night meetings; accepting the reality of his infidelity after being confronted by a jilted lover; listening to his harangues about her weight problem; being overjoyed to discover she was pregnant; losing the baby; blaming herself for the miscarriage; garnering the courage to leave John; working low paying jobs to keep a roof over her head; and the list went on. She opened her eyes and swiped away tears.
* * *
Sage and Jackson unloaded the last of the fence posts and Sage reached into his pocket. Pulling out his money clip, he slipped out two twenties and handed them to Jackson. He'd already paid the other two guys in his scheme. "Thanks for playing along last night. Mrs. Hackstetter had a great time; better than anything that old fart of a husband would have shown her."
"I don't want your money. I had fun dancing with Annie; taking it doesn't seem right." Jackson pushed Sage's hand back.
Sage blinked. "Annie, huh? Do I detect a note of fondness in your voice?"
Jackson turned red. "Give it a rest, Sage."
"Shit, Jackson, she's married. I only asked you to dance with her to make her husband jealous. Thought it might make him pay attention to her."
"Whatever. Curley asked me to stay for supper and I accepted."
"I don't need this bullshit. You stay away from her. Besides, they're leaving at the end of the week."
Jackson merely shrugged and climbed into his truck. Sage watched him drive the short distance back to the dorm. Sarah already had her panties in a wad. He didn't need Mr. Hackstetter getting pissed, too. Rubbing the ache in his forehead, he stalked toward the house to change and wash up for supper.
Curley set a crock of beef stew on the sideboard along with cornbread floating in butter, green beans simmered in bacon drippings, coleslaw, and fried potatoes. Sage loaded his plate and sat at the head of the table. Thankfully, Mr. and Mrs. Tully had saved him from the twins tonight by sitting on either side of him. Next to them, Julie and Jacob sat across from each other. Mr. and Mrs. Hackstetter sat side-by-side next to Jacob, and Jackson sat across from Mrs. Hackstetter. Sarah was next to Jackson and the twins flanked Newt at the opposite end of the table. Curley said a quick prayer and conversation buzzed. Sage politely made small talk with his guests. He glanced at Sarah. Her face looked puffy, like she'd been crying again, and she was rubbing the back of her neck. Hell, he felt like crap. She glanced up and met his gaze and quickly looked back down.
After supper, while Curley passed around plates of hot apple pie topped with homemade vanilla ice cream, Sage asked for everyone's attention.
"I thought this would be a good time to discuss and answer questions about our Annual Covered Wagon Three-Day Trail Blaze sponsored by the Lazy M Ranch and Triple T Ranch. Some of you will be leaving at the end of the week, but we had some last minute cancellations if you change your mind. The wagon train consists of six replicas of covered wagons, otherwise known as prairie schooners, three buckboards, and one chuck wagon. So far, we have a total of twenty 'dudes' and 'dudettes' registered." He made quote marks with his fingers and everyone chuckled. "The wagon train will have a wagon master, which is yours truly; a cook, Curley; and about twelve cowboys either driving the wagons or riding alongside. Newt, Beaner, Ned, and Skipper from the Lazy M are working the train. The rest of the cowboys are from the Triple T, including Jackson." He paused, but before he could continue his spiel, Mrs. Hackstetter said, "I'd like to sign up. Who should I see?"
Sage glanced at Mr. Hackstetter. The man looked like he'd swallowed his tongue. The shit-eatin' grin on Jackson's face confirmed the fact that he was attracted to Mrs. Hackstetter. He heard Jacob exclaim, "Right on, Mom!"
Inwardly, Sage sighed, but outwardly he said enthusiastically, "You can sign up with Newt after supper." He wondered if Mr. Hackstetter would be staying too.
Continuing his discourse, he glanced around the group. "I hope y'all realize this trek is as authentic as we can make it. You'll even be wearing period costumes."
Mindy and Mandy squealed and one of them said, "We want to be saloon girls!" The other one vigorously nodded. Sage rubbed his temples. The more the night wore on, the less he felt like smiling. He forced a smile at the girls. "I think that can be arranged, ladies. Costumes will be delivered the day before we leave. At that time, role playing will also be assigned. Are there any questions?"
"How many days will we be traveling?" asked Mrs. Hackstetter.
"Three days; the wagons leave Triple T around eight on Thursday morning and arrive at my ranch Saturday night. Just so everyone's clear, you will definitely get a taste of pioneer life. So, having said that, if you're not ready to leave modern conveniences, including a bathroom, this may not be the adventure for you."
The group chuckled and glanced nervously at each other.
* * *
After getting her ankle wrap off the day after moving to the dorm, Sarah had been anxious to experience ranch life. She'd been given a tour of the Lazy M by Beaner with an overview of its operations. Cows were more complicated than she'd imagined. Later, she'd watched Jacob practice roping, and that same afternoon, Julie had demonstrated trick riding. In the evening, Curley had revealed secrets to preparing savory beans, fluffy cornbread, mouth watering bread pudding, and perfect lemonade. After supper, while the guests lay sprawled on couches and recliners in the great room, Newt had regaled them with stories of the Old West. Copious notes filled Sarah's journal. She had some good stuff.
Now, two days after her emancipation from convalescence, Sarah looked into the eyes of the horse in front of her and told herself, You can do this. 
"Miz Carter, this is our oldest and most gentle gelding. He wouldn't hurt a fly. He's used to inexperienced riders, so you don't need to be scared," Newt tried to reassure her.
Sarah followed his instructions and put her foot in the stirrup while he hoisted her atop Safety Blanket. She sure hoped the horse's name was an accurate depiction of his personality. She squealed and grabbed the pommel.
"Now you don't need to be so stiff. Try to relax and hold the reins."
Inhaling a calming breath, Sarah forced her muscles to relax. After a minute she felt better…and proud of her accomplishment. This was a real experience for her book.
Newt made a clicking sound and Safety Blanket started forward. Sarah's muscles tensed again and she bit her bottom lip. The horse followed Newt around the corral while he gave Sarah instructions about handling the beast. On her third circle she was getting the hang of it. She glanced toward the barn to see Sage leaning against the siding. His lips twitched and he tipped his hat. She inadvertently pulled back on the reins and the horse stopped. Okay how do I make him go again? Her brain wouldn't function clearly. Oh, yeah, nudge him with my feet. She looked up again to see Sage was gone. Thank goodness. For the next hour, Newt taught her the basics of horseback riding.
The day after her riding lesson a van that had Triple T Ranch written on the side, arrived with costumes. Mindy and Mandy spotted some saloon girl outfits and snagged them out of the hands of Jackson who was hauling them into the great room to hang on racks.
Sage called for everyone's attention, "Listen up, cowboys and cowgirls, Newt and I put together some role playing assignments and here's what we've come up with. Mindy and Mandy, you'll be saloon gals headed for San Francisco."
The girls giggled and one of them said, "Sage, you can be our first customer."
Mrs. Tully coughed and Mr. Tully patted her back.
Sage sort of looked like he smiled, but Sarah wasn't sure. He continued, "Mr. and Mrs. Hackstetter, you're farmers traveling west with your son to stake a claim on some of that free land in California."
Mrs. Hackstetter grinned and nudged her husband. Mr. Hackstetter didn't so much as crack a smile. Obviously, he didn't want to participate. Sarah watched him snarl at Jackson across the room.
The next role was given to Mr. and Mrs. Tully. "You two are hoping to strike it rich in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada Mountains. The wild mining town of Placerville is your final destination."
The elderly couple grinned at each other with such love that Sarah felt a pang of jealousy for their adoration.
Sage turned his attention to Sarah. "And Sarah, you're a wealthy widow hoping to start a new life in the new territory and you haven't decided on your final destination."
Sarah politely smiled and nodded.
"Okay, is everyone happy with their role? If not, speak up now." Sage waited a few seconds. "I guess that's it then. Have fun choosing your costumes. You can select two so you'll have a change of clothing. One outfit you'll wear the day we leave, the other will be packed in a trunk in your wagon." He grinned. "Oh, yeah, I forgot to tell you about my role and some of the other cowboys. As I said the other night, I'm the wagon master. It's my job to get ya'll to Cali in one piece and not scalped or robbed."
Mindy and Mandy gasped and feigned shock. Everyone laughed.
Sage pointed to Jackson. "And Jackson is the hired gunslinger sworn to protect us. He's slick-as-snot with his six-shooter."
Everyone's attention shifted to Jackson as he straightened away from the wall and tipped his Stetson. Unexpectedly, he pulled his hand from an imaginary holster, shaped his index finger and thumb into a gun, and then shot with his thumb toward Mrs. Hackstetter. He mouthed the word "bang" and blew on the top of his finger as if cooling it.
The guests loved it and clapped. Sage frowned. The M girls pretended swooning. 
Jackson bowed slightly. "Ladies, gents, my pleasure."
Sarah jotted notes and looked up to see Sage watching her. She quickly looked back at her notebook.
Sage said, "As for the rest of the hands, they're seasoned cowboys used to making the trek from Colorado to California. The pay is low but the company better." His grin widened. "Your costumes will help you get into character. Oh, and by the way, don't be afraid to go for the Emmy." He nodded toward the racks. "Help yourselves."
Mindy and Mandy had no trepidation about scavenging through the clothing; even Mrs. Hackstetter beelined it to the costumes. Before venturing to the racks, Sarah waited until the twins had removed brightly colored satin dresses, a red one and an orange one, and several other frilly ones, and hurried to their bedroom to try them on. Mrs. Hackstetter stood next to her. "Since I'm a farmer's wife, I don't think my outfit will be quite as eye-popping as the twins." She removed a brown muslin farmer's dress.
Sarah spotted a calico with a fitted bodice that would look nice on Mrs. Hackstetter's slim figure. "But even a farmer's wife has a Sunday-go-to-Meetin' outfit." She handed the pretty pink dress to her. "This color looks lovely with your olive complexion."
"Thank you, Sarah. We haven't had much chance to talk. Please call me Ann," she responded shyly.
Sarah liked her immediately. She had a quiet way and wasn't at all standoffish, just bashful. Mr. Hackstetter walked up behind his wife and grumbled something about the nonsense of dressing the part. Sarah didn't like him at all.
Since she was a wealthy widow, Sarah reached for a lovely jade green, brocade outing jacket with puffed sleeves and matching walking skirt. A smooth front and pretty pleated back gave the skirt a fashionable look. She also selected a simple white Victorian blouse to wear under the jacket. She could remove the jacket if she got too warm. For her second outfit, she chose an empire waist lavender day dress with three quarter sleeves and high neckline. There were even pantaloons and camisoles. She grinned and selected a couple of those, but decided to forgo the corset. Gathering her choices, she smiled at Ann. "Guess I'll try these on." Ann smiled back and then turned her attention to her husband, trying to get him into the spirit of the adventure. Sarah figured it had taken all of her courage just to defy him by staying for the wagon train.
Chapter 13: "WESTWARD HO!"

The next day, Sarah smoothed the skirt of her brocade suit and preened in the mirror. She certainly wasn't making a fashion statement, but the outfit made her feel giddy with excitement—a real covered wagon adventure! She heard a knock and Newt called, "Wagon train's a-waitin'!"
Hurrying outside, Sarah climbed into the Lazy M van being driven by Bobby Joe. She carried her tote bag full of toiletries, underwear, and a notebook. Ann Hackstetter patted the seat beside her and Sarah joined her new friend. Ann whispered, "I'm so excited! I've never done anything like this!" Sarah nodded in agreement.
Since the Triple T was only ten miles away, it didn't take long to arrive. Sage parked his truck beside the van. While he unloaded Jackal from the horse trailer, Julie and Jacob, who had ridden with him, joined the group from the van. Sarah glanced at Sage, but quickly averted her eyes when she met his gaze. She wanted to avoid him at all costs. The only reason she hadn't made haste after their fiasco was because of her research, and the fact that she wanted to leave with no regrets—or so she'd convinced herself.
Two more trucks from the Lazy M arrived towing horse trailers. Newt and Curley got out of one, and Beaner, Ned, and Skipper got out of the other. Sarah heard Mr. Hackstetter curse and she followed his gaze. Jackson was leaning against the side of the barn. She glanced at Ann who was looking at the ground.
Sarah's attention was redirected to Sage when he called for the pioneers to follow him and his horse to the backside of the barn. Her excitement grew when she saw the covered wagons hitched to mules. Ann giggled and nudged her. Sarah giggled and nudged Ann back.
Sage motioned the pioneers forward and then climbed onto the buckboard of what looked to be a supply wagon. "Listen up, pioneers, as your wagon master, I have a few instructions before we leave. First up, however, I'd like to introduce Tommy Travis Tritt, owner of Triple T Ranch…I wonder why it's called Triple T?" The group laughed.
Tommy said a few words, and then Sage asked everyone to introduce themselves by stating their first and last names and where they were from. The introductions helped create a spirit of camaraderie among the Triple T guests and the Lazy M guests. 
After introductions, Sage gave another safety spiel and then said, "Okay, next on the agenda, Newt has wagon train assignments. As you can see, each canvas is painted with a name so you can always find your home-away-from-home for the next three days."
Sarah read the names: Cali or Bust, Gold Fever, New Beginnings, Desert Dust, Six Shooter, and Wild West. The chuck wagon had the words "Chow Down" painted on it. 
Sage jumped down from the buckboard and Newt climbed up, calling out assignments. The Hackstetters got Six Shooter. Mr. and Mrs. Tully ended up with Gold Fever, along with another couple about their age from the Triple T. The M twins got Wild West and their wagon mates were two young women, Holly and Lia, also from the Triple T. Sarah's wagon was New Beginnings that she shared with Julie, and a mother and her adult daughter who'd recently arrived at the Lazy M, Flo and Jill. The wagon, Desert Dust, got assigned to a family of five who'd come in the night before, Don, Robin, and their three grade school children. The last wagon, Cali or Bust, had three guys from the Triple T. Julie confided that they were stockbrokers from New York and friends of Jackson. She said they'd been participating for the past three years.
After Newt gave assignments he told the group that each wagon contained a trunk with necessities, including toilet paper and water bottles, along with their extra costumes. He stepped down and Sage jumped back on the buckboard. "Are there any questions before this train heads west?"
One of the M twins lifted her hand. Sage nodded and she said, "Just one question, Sage—where are you sleeping."
"Not to worry. I'm bedding down in the great outdoors with the rest of the cowboys. Now, before I send everyone to their wagons, I'd like to introduce our hired gunslinger, Jackson Martinez, fastest gun in the West."
The twins tittered and moved closer to the buckboard. Jackson hoisted himself up when Sage jumped down. Pushing his Stetson back and effectuating a lazy cowboy stance, he placed a hand over the butt of what looked to be a real six-shooter slung low on his hip. Lightening fast, he slipped the gun from its holster and twirled it. The crowd gasped. Using the tip of the gun to push his hat back even farther, he glanced pointedly at everyone.
"God, he's good," Ann whispered to Sarah. Sarah had to agree. He was completely in character.
He drawled, "Listen up, pioneers, this train to Cali departs in fifteen minutes. Travel is long and danger is high. My job is to see that ya'll make it to the new frontier in one piece. Along the way, we might have to fend off banditos or Indians. Just keep in mind you're headed for adventure and new beginnings. I'll do my damndest to keep ya'll safe." He twirled his gun again and holstered it in one smooth movement.
Sarah looked at the M girls holding their cheeks and feigning vapors. Her gaze was drawn past them to Sage. He was looking at her. For a second she couldn't draw her eyes away and her heart slammed her ribs. She forced herself to turn toward Ann. Ann was looking at Jackson with such longing that Sarah blinked. When she blinked again, the expression was gone and she wondered if she'd imagined it. Then she heard grumpy Mr. Hackstetter mumble something about "getting the show on the road." Sarah felt sorry for Ann.
After Jackson hopped off the buckboard, Sage instructed the pioneers to familiarize themselves with their wagons. Sarah told Ann, "We'll get together later and compare notes." Ann grinned and nodded.
Sarah had to walk past Sage to get to her wagon.
"Hello Sarah, did you bring your notepad?" His smile made butterflies go wild in her stomach.
"I did." She rushed past him and reached her wagon before her traveling companions.
Ned already stood beside the two mules harnessed to her wagon. "Howdy, Miz Carter. I'll be drivin' you west. Let me help you up."
"Thank you, Ned." Lifting her skirt, she grabbed hold of a side handle and placed her foot on the buckboard."
She heard Sage's voice behind her and felt hands on her waist. "I've got her, Ned." Clumsily, she plopped onto the wooden seat and looked down at Sage. His turquoise eyes and devastating grin tripped her heart rhythm again, which made her mad. Primly, she said, "Thank you," and turned to look inside the wagon, hoping he would just go away.
"Anytime, Mims," he said low.
Sarah turned an icy stare on him.
He only laughed and walked to the next wagon to help its occupants.
Thirty minutes later, all the pioneers were in place and anxious to move out. Cowboys sat in the wagon seats ready to drive the mules.
Sage rode Jackal around the ring of wagons, glancing over each one before stopping beside the chuck wagon. In a loud voice, he yelled, "WESTWARD HO!" Curley slapped the reins of the mules pulling Chow Down and the wagon lunged forward. In turn, the other cowboys followed suit. Sarah's wagon was fifth in line and she jerked backward when the mules clopped forward. Julie, sitting on the trunk behind her, giggled, and held her upright. Flo and Jill were perched at the back of the wagon with their legs dangling outside. Sarah heard Jill say, "Mom, I'm so glad you talked me into coming!"
Sarah asked Julie, "Do you ever get tired of doing this?"
"No, never. It's my favorite time of summer."
Following a well maintained dirt road, Sarah enjoyed the change in countryside from rolling pastures to hills of dense trees.
Around eleven, Sage halted the wagons in a clearing and waved the drivers into a circle. Ned helped her down while Julie, Jill, and Flo jumped from the back of the wagon. The pioneers stretched and gravitated toward each other in groups, grinning and sharing their adventure. With notebook in hand, Sarah listened and scribbled. She was getting first hand accounts of not only physical complaints, but emotional exhilarations. Good stuff.
Curley and some of the hands started a fire in the center of camp and hung a huge cast iron pot over it. Giant cans of beans were opened and dumped into the pot. Curley whipped up cornbread and baked it over the fire. By noon, the pioneers were feasting on beans, cornbread, and corn on the cob. By two o'clock they were back in their wagons waiting for Sage's shout. 
"WESTWARD HO!" he yelled, and the drivers slapped their mules again. About an hour later, Jackson came galloping toward the wagons waving his hat and shouting, "Circle the wagons! Circle the wagons! Take cover! Take cover!"
Sitting atop Jackal, Sage whipped off his Stetson and frantically waved the wagons into a circle. Everyone got into the spirit of the adventure. Sarah's heart raced with excitement. Obviously, this was a continuation of the act Sage and Jackson had put on during lunch in which Sage had loudly ordered his hired gun to ride ahead and scout out Indian Territory. The scene had included Jackson making a show of tipping his hat to all the ladies before mounting his horse and galloping away.
Sage yelled, "Women and children take cover behind Desert Dust. Men, grab your weapons from Newt at the back of Chow Down."
Newt had opened a chest from which he pulled out plastic rifles. Barely suppressing grins, the pioneers followed orders. Sarah saw Mr. Hackstetter rushing for a rifle with Jacob right behind him. Maybe there was hope for him.
Within minutes, the men had positioned themselves behind their wagons while the women and children huddled together. Sarah heard the pounding of hooves surrounding the circle of wagons. She also heard Indians whooping and cowboys hollering, mixed with small popping sounds from toy guns. Sage yelled, "We need all the help we can get! Women, children, grab a rifle from Newt and take aim!"
Sarah ran to Newt and he winked when he handed her a plastic rifle. Flo, Jill, and Ann were right behind her. The M and M beauties feigned having the vapors again and the three stockbrokers rushed to assist them.
Sara positioned herself at the wheel of her wagon. Several Indian braves ran toward the wagons on foot. She took aim, but couldn't bring herself to pull the trigger—not even playacting. From the sound of gun pops, the other pioneers had no such trepidation.
Suddenly, a magnificent Indian wearing buckskin breeches, buckskin vest, war paint on his face and chest, and a large headdress of white and red feathers, charged into view. Sage yelled, "Cease fire!" and the toy guns stopped popping. She watched him step from the protection of Gold Fever and out into the open. Her heart pounded. What was happening?
He approached the Indian on foot. The lean man jumped from his horse and ran to embrace Sage. Sarah heard one of the pioneers say, "What the hell is…" before his wife interrupted. "Don, the children are present! Watch your language!"
"Sorry," he replied sheepishly.
By this time, all the pioneers were crowded against the wagon closest to Sage and the Indian. Sage turned and yelled, "We've been spared our lives. This is my half brother, Chief Talking Bull. We have the same father. We were separated at the age of fifteen. Fate has intervened to save us." He motioned Chief Talking Bull and his braves inside the camp. More playacting ensued.
Later, the pioneers, cowboys, and Indians moved to the shade of nearby trees and sat on quilts. Curley perked coffee and also made fresh lemonade. Chief Talking Bull introduced himself as Bobby Dramas, museum curator, and descendent of one of the local tribes. He proceeded to tell the history of Native Americans in the area and regale everyone with true stories.
Sarah couldn't take notes fast enough.
Around five, the wagons pulled out again. They traveled another hour and then circled to prepare supper and set up camp for the night.
Chapter 14: Lost and Alone

Sarah stretched and opened her eyes to morning light filtering through the heavy canvas above her head. What a great adventure! At the other end of the wagon, she felt Jill and Flo stir. Next to her, Julie sat up. Surprisingly, four females sleeping in the wagon had not been as uncomfortable as she would have thought.
Julie slipped from her sleeping bag.
"Morning," said Flo and Jill.
"Morning," replied Julie.
Sarah said cheerfully, "Looks like a beautiful day, everyone."
Julie lifted the canvas flap and climbed out of the wagon in her jeans and T-shirt. Pulling her sleeping bag outside, she said, "I'll roll the sleeping bags up out here. Just hand them to me when you're ready." A couple of minutes later she peeked back under the flap. "Ned just delivered a bucket of water. Do you want me to lift it into the back of the wagon?"
Sarah glanced at Jill and Flo and they nodded. "Yes, please." She raised and secured the flap on a hook and then leaned outside the wagon to grab the handle of the bucket Julie was lifting.
* * *
Sage finished his morning round of checking over the wagons and greeting early risers. So far, so good. Everyone's happy and no accidents. He was a stickler for safety. He glanced up just in time to see Sarah leaning out of the back of her wagon reaching for a bucket Julie was handing her. Her appearance shot hot desire straight to his groin. She was wearing a camisole tucked into pantaloons. The thin cotton top had slipped off one shoulder and in her bent over position her breasts had almost fallen free of the garment. God, the woman was built! He couldn't draw his eyes away. She looked up and met his gaze and almost dropped the bucket. He rushed forward to assist.
"Here, let me help." He grabbed the pail and his daughter stepped aside. Now he had a close up of a scantily clad Sarah. It was difficult, but he moved his eyes to her face. She jumped back and pulled her camisole almost to her chin. Her coloring turned pink and then red. She reached overhead and the canvas dropped in his face.
Shortly after eight, Sage called, "WESTWARD HO!" and the pioneers moved on. The day was clear with puffy clouds floating in an azure sky; perfect for wagon train travel.
Around eleven, the same as the day before, they circled the wagons and Curley and his crew prepared lunch.
Sage followed his protocol of checking each wagon for mechanical issues. Not finding any, he decided to take a breather and walked to an outcropping of boulders about a hundred feet away. Circling the boulders he leaned against the far side and closed his eyes. Unbidden images of Sarah leaning out of the wagon teased his mind and for a few seconds he allowed free rein to his imagination, remembering the kisses they'd shared. He heard a noise and opened his eyes. Uh oh.
"Hello Sage," said one of the M twins.
"Uh, hello. Where's your sister? What are you doing away from camp?"
She smiled seductively, "I snuck away and followed you here."
"Why?"
"I think you know why."
"Uh, Mindy…Mandy, this isn't a good idea. You need to return–"
Before he could finish his sentence, the M girl had her body pressed against him and her mouth covering his. He was so stunned he froze. When his brain caught up with what was happening, he grasped her shoulders to push her away at the same time he heard humming and then a shocked, "Oh, my God!"
Sage jerked backward from the M girl and saw Sarah standing a few feet away staring wide-eyed. The girl giggled, "Hi, Sarah."
All Sage could think to say was, "It's not what you think."
Sarah blinked a couple of times, said nothing, and then rushed back around the boulder.
"Shit!" He looked at Mindy/Mandy and shouted, "Get your ass back to camp!"
* * *
Stupid tears! Sarah swiped at her cheeks. After surprising Sage and one of the twins getting it on, she'd walked swiftly away. Then she'd started running. Now she was lost.
Her beautiful adventure had turned into a nightmare. She sniffed. The man was a player; no doubt about it. She hated players. She'd been married to one for five miserable years. She hated Sage. Of course, she knew that wasn't true. She only wanted to hate him. Being honest with herself, she was hopelessly attracted to him. She rubbed the back of her neck, forcing herself to face her present predicament—lost in the woods of Colorado. She glanced at the sun, determining which direction was west. She knew that was the direction of the Lazy M. Should she walk that way or remain where she was and hope someone found her? What would Tarah do? She decided to walk. 
An hour later, Sarah was tired, thirsty, scared, and overheated. She had unbuttoned her blouse to the tops of her breasts and removed her jacket to tie the sleeves around her waist. What if she had to spend the night lost and alone? There had to be wild animals looking for their next snack. She raised a shaking hand to the pulse pounding in her throat. Was she going to hyperventilate and pass out?
A sound jerked her around. Fear froze her to the spot. Movement made her gasp and she was about to scream when Sage rode into view on Jackal. Releasing her breath, she leaned forward and placed her hands on her knees, inhaling deeply. She looked up at him from that position. Anger etched his features.
"Of all the stupid, hair-brained stunts, running off into the woods tops the list. What the hell were you thinking? I've been searching for you for over an hour."
Sarah blinked. After what she'd witnessed, the man had the audacity to call her stupid, as if getting involved with one of the twins wasn't stupid. Heck, maybe he was involved with both of them. She rose to her full height, "You arrogant jerk! To think I was giving you the benefit of the doubt for your behavior at Java Junction."
"What the hell does Java Junction have to do with being lost in the woods?"
Sarah ignored his question and lifted her chin. "Point the way to camp."
Sage frowned and pointed left of her.
Raising her long skirt, she started walking in that direction.
"Do you intend to walk while I follow on horseback?"
"Now that I know the way, you can leave," she called without looking around. She heard the clop of hooves behind her.
After a few minutes of silence, Sage said, "Sarah, I wasn't kissing whichever twin that was."
Sarah stumbled, righted herself, and continued as if she hadn't heard him. Finally she said, "Whomever you kiss is no concern of mine."
"Is that why you ran off?"
She stumbled again. "I…I didn't run off. I was heading back to camp and took a wrong turn."
"You're lying. And you're also walking in the wrong direction again."
Sarah stopped and turned around. Sage pointed to her right. She glared at him and started in that direction.
After several more minutes, he said, "Are you ready to get on the horse so I can take you back to camp?"
"And ride with you. Never!"
"Okay, I'll walk and you can ride."
"No."
The brisk walk was making Sarah's side hurt and she paused to catch her breath. She heard Sage urge Jackal forward. When he was beside her, he reached his hand down to pull her up.
She looked at his hand, then up into his face, shadowed by his Stetson. "No!" She started walking again.
"You are one stubborn woman, Mims Murphy."
Before she knew it, he was off his horse and grabbing her shoulders, walking her backwards until a tree stopped her. She squealed and pushed against his chest.
"I swear to God, I wasn't kissing that girl. She cornered me," he said low.
Sarah looked into the blue flame behind his irises and stopped pushing.
Sage softened his tone, "The only woman I want to kiss is you."
Sarah's eyes widened and her mouth gaped. In slow motion she watched his face descend toward hers. Neither of them closed their eyes. Even when he was so close she was seeing four flames she couldn't draw her eyes away.
His lips gently touched hers and she finally lowered her lashes, hanging on to his shirt. He pressed harder against her lips. She moaned. He groaned. She released his shirt and lifted her hands to the back of his head, pulling his mouth tighter. His expertise ignited a forest fire and she kissed him with years of stored passion.
The harder he pressed his body against hers already backed up to the tree, the more passionate she became. His hands roamed up and down her sides and she wanted to scream at him to touch her where she wanted to be touched. He must have been psychic, because after that his hands and fingers performed magic, followed by his mouth.
Sarah couldn't think a rational thought if her life depended on it. All she wanted to do was touch Sage. And she did. She heard ragged breathing in her ear. "Sarah, Sarah, don't. I want our first time to be special. You're driving me insane." He stilled her hands and leaned back to look down at her. She blinked. She blinked again, and put a hand to her mouth.
Sage pulled away. "Not like this," he repeated, and reached for the hand covering her mouth, lifting it to his lips and kissing her palm. Before pulling her away from the tree and toward Jackal, he buttoned her blouse that was now unbuttoned to her waist, and fastened his Levis after tucking his shirt back into them. Silently, he helped her onto the stallion and then mounted behind her. Flicking the reins, he walked the horse forward.
Sarah purposely kept her mind blank. She couldn't face the depth of her passion for this man. Numbly, she closed her eyes and willed her erratic pulse to even out.
"The wagons are beyond those trees." He pointed.
Before reaching the trees, she felt wet warmth on her neck below her ear where Sage was kissing her. Unable to stop herself, she leaned backwards against him. He said, "We'll finish this later."
Dismounting, he grabbed the reins of Jackal and led the horse and Sarah back to camp.
Chapter 15: Moonlight and Stars

Sarah's body swayed with the motion of the wagon. She sat on a blanket in the back, not wanting to show her face ever again. Being led into camp on Jackal was probably the most humiliating experience of her life. Most of the pioneers had rushed forward with genuine concern for her safety. Sage had tried to defend her stupidity by saying she'd taken a wrong turn and gotten lost and it could have happened to anyone. While he'd helped her off the horse, she'd glimpsed the twins behind him. One of them had looked concerned, the other livid.
The wagon stopped and Julie, who was now riding next to Ned, turned around. "Looks like we're breaking for camp." Jill and Flo jumped off the back of the wagon and waited for Sarah.
"I…I think I'll rest some more."
Flo gave her a concerned look. "If you need anything, just let me or Jill know."
"Thanks, Flo." Sarah leaned her spine against the wooden support of the canvas. As soon as they reached the Lazy M, she was out of there. She'd pay a car company whatever the cost to have them deliver a rental. The fact that she'd feel bad about leaving abruptly, no longer held sway. She could feel bad for eternity and it wouldn't change her mind. Remembering her behavior with Sage mortified her. He had to think she was starved for affection—which she was. Admitting that sad state of affairs made her eyes sting. A face popped through the opening at the back of the wagon. Ann said, "Sarah, are you okay? I was so worried about you."
"Thanks, Ann. That's sweet. Yes, I'm fine. Just tired."
"Can I come up and sit with you a minute?"
"Of course."
Ann climbed into the wagon and sat on a folded blanket in front of Sarah. "Um, Sarah, maybe this is none of my business, but I think I should tell you something."
Sarah looked at her, feeling concern for her new friend.
Ann played with a fold on her calico skirt.
"What's wrong, Ann? Is everything okay with your family?"
"Ah, not really. But that's not what I want to talk about. I…ah…want to talk about Sage."
Sarah gave her a quizzed look.
"I know we haven't known each other very long, but I feel like I should say something."
Sarah wondered if Ann was going to warn her that he was a "player" and to watch her heart. Too late for that.
Ann said, "Sage is crazy about you."
Sarah's jaw dropped.
Ann continued. "The way he looks at you is…is…so romantic. But…but…I think you…"
Sarah squinted, willing Ann to continue.
Ann said in a rush, "But I think you think like I think and can't believe someone so…so…sexy, can have feelings for you. What I want to say is—if I were in your shoes, because I know the way I think, I wouldn't believe it, but because we think alike, I'm able to give you this advice—I'm making a mess of this—but I'd go for it and give him a chance. He really cares for you!"
Sarah covered her friend's hand that was still tracing the calico pattern of her skirt. Ann looked up and Sarah couldn't help the fat tears leaking from her eyes.
Ann said, "Aw, honey, I didn't mean to make you cry."
Sarah sniffed, "It's just that I'm such an emotional mess. I don't know why anyone would want me. I'm still carrying baggage from a failed marriage."
Ann hugged her. "I think Sage is seeing the real you beneath all that."
"Do you really think he likes me—like that?" Sarah whispered.
"Yes, he likes you like that. I don't know what happened, but when he found out you were missing, he went ballistic. I saw him pull Mandy aside and he had her in tears."
Sarah choked, "You can tell the twins apart?"
"Yep, I figured it out the first day. Mandy's got shifty eyes."
Sarah laughed in spite of her misery, then whispered, "Ann, he kissed me and I…I…sort of went crazy all over him."
Ann squeezed her hand. "Now I understand why he's wearing a shit-eating grin. I was hoping something like that happened."
"What should I do now?"
"Sarah, you're a woman. You'll figure it out."
"Ann…"
"Yes?"
"Thank you."
Ann gave Sarah's hand a final squeeze. "Gotta go find my cranky husband." She sounded sad.
After Ann left, Sarah found a water bottle and dampened a cloth to freshen up as best she could. Pioneer life was becoming a drag. She opened the chest with the pioneer clothing and removed her second costume, the pretty lavender day dress with an empire waist, crisp white collar, and white pearl buttons down the front. She rifled through her toiletries bag until she found her compact and, using the small mirror, applied blusher, eye shadow, eyebrow pencil, and lipstick. Her eyes still looked puffy, but there was nothing she could do about it. Rinsing her mouth with mouthwash, she climbed out of the wagon and walked to the backside to spit it out. She felt better.
Returning to the interior of the camp, she chewed her bottom lip. Several pioneers were visiting in the center and others were relaxing beside their wagons. Even though she didn't see Sage, the butterflies in her stomach started multiplying exponentially.
Mrs. Tully, sitting on a makeshift bench outside her own wagon, waved and motioned her over.
Inhaling deeply, Sarah cut across the camp to the opposite side. Several people asked about her welfare or expressed how glad they were that she was okay. She nodded and thanked them. She avoided looking at the twins. Mrs. Tully patted the spot next to her and Sarah sat down.
For the next half hour, she listened to Mrs. Tully and watched camp life. Curley lit a fire and started preparing supper with his helpers. Sarah didn't have to wonder for long about what they would be eating. He hung a pot over the flame while ranch hands opened cans of stew. What she wouldn't give for a crisp garden salad.
Suddenly, Sage circled one of the wagons and walked into camp. She could literally feel his presence. She remembered his words: I want our first time to be special. Sarah's heart beat so fast she felt dizzy and the world looked fuzzy. Was she going to faint? Sage must have also sensed her presence because he looked directly at her. Even from a distance, his eyes smoldered.
Oh God, I am going to faint. She dug her nails into the rough wood of the bench to keep from falling.
Mrs. Tully leaned toward her. "Sarah, I think our wagon master has feelings for you."
Sarah looked at the elderly woman. "Really?" Her heart sang. Even Mrs. Tully had noticed something.
"Oh, yes, dear." She grinned. "Now my Mr. Tully, he was just like that when he was that age." She giggled, "Still is."
Sarah couldn't help but giggle with her.
During supper, Sage excused himself from the pioneers while he communicated ranch business via walkie-talkie. She heard him say, "Move the herd to the south pasture. Send Bobby Joe to repair the north fence and then move the herd back." She remembered him once saying that running a cattle ranch was a lot of work.
After sundown, while everyone sat around the campfire, Newt told ghost stories. He was an excellent storyteller and Sarah sat riveted, letting out a shriek with the other women and children when he got to the surprise scary part. She looked at Sage leaning against the chow wagon watching her. She shyly smiled at him. The way he was always watching her, maybe he did have feelings for her. Later, she climbed into her wagon and settled into her sleeping bag feeling exhausted, but lighthearted.
* * *
Sarah's heart raced and her eyes popped open. She clutched her throat, willing herself to calm down. No, no, not a panic attack! I haven't had one in years! Even though she recognized the symptoms, she was helpless to stop them. Terror and overwhelming anxiety seized her physically and emotionally. As quietly as she could, she pushed out of her sleeping bag and tried to muffle her erratic breathing. Easing past Julie, she lifted the canvas flap and lowered her legs over the edge of the wagon, jumping to the ground and running full out toward the looming shapes of tall trees. Ignoring the pain of rocks and rough ground under her feet, she held her throat and just ran. When is it going to stop?
She heard movement behind her and ran faster. Panic attack…panic attack…breathe Sarah…breathe Sarah. She ran past the tree line just as arms encircled her. She opened her mouth to scream, but a hand clamped over it. Struggling against an immovable force, terror seized her and she fought like a wild cat.
* * *
Sage held Sarah in an iron grip. Something was wrong. She struggled like her life depended on it. He tried to gain her attention by speaking her name low, but she was either ignoring him or wasn't hearing him. He didn't dare take his hand off her mouth. If she screamed, the whole camp would be on them. She'd already suffered enough embarrassment. He held her against him with one hand over her mouth and the other immobilizing her. He tried talking in her ear again.
"Sarah…Sarah…it's Sage. Honey, what's wrong. Mims…Sarah…stop fighting me." She suddenly went still and he continued speaking. "Sarah, can you hear me?"
She nodded.
"Are you going to scream if I take my hand off your mouth?"
She shook her head.
Slowly, he lifted his hand and she slumped against him as if her legs could no longer hold her. He lowered her to a seated position. Her head hung forward. He laid her backwards on the ground and knelt over her. She was as limp as a rag doll.
Smoothing one hand down her cheek he gently lifted her head with his other. Her eyes were closed.
"Look at me, Sarah." She did not open her eyes.
More forcefully, he said, "Sarah, look at me!"
As if with great effort, she lifted her eyelids. Moonlight captured tears leaking from them.
"Baby, what's wrong?"
She spoke so low he had to lean closer to hear. "…panic attack." More tears streamed.
"Oh, sweetheart." He lay down beside her and turned her into his arms. Her body shook with quiet sobs while he held her close and whispered comforting words.
Finally, her shudders ceased and she reached to place her palms on his chest. He lifted his upper body and looked down at her. She said, "I'm so sorry. I…I haven't had an attack in years and I…I couldn't help…I'm sorry."
"You have nothing to be sorry for. I know a couple of people who suffer from panic attacks. They've told me how horrible they are."
"How did you know I was out here?"
"Julie woke me. She said she saw you running from the wagon."
"I'm so embarrassed. I've made a mess of everything today."
Sage traced her lips with his fingertip. "I don't like the way it happened, but I'm happy to be alone with you."
* * *
Sarah watched a shaft of moonlight touch Sage's hair and travel to his chiseled features when he tilted his head. She had never wanted anything more than she wanted Sage Tanner. A fire in her stomach burned away any lingering feeling of the panic attack. "Kiss me," she whispered. Sage lifted his eyes to the moon and she saw passion.
"If I kiss you, I won't stop there."
"I know."
"Sarah, you're on the ground. It can't be comfortable."
"I don't care."
"Sarah, don't do this."
"You said you wanted our first time to be special. How much more special is a beautiful night lit by a full moon?"
She watched a smile crease the corners of his mouth. He looked back at her. For a long time he studied her face in the moonlight and Sarah forgot to breathe. Slowly, he lowered his lips until they hovered above hers. His breath touched her face and she breathed again, mingling her breath with his. He said, "I want you, Sarah." His lips closed over hers.
Sarah tangled her fingers in his hair and pulled him tight, allowing herself to just be. Her night of terror became a night of magic.
Chapter 16: Calm before the Storm

Sarah sat on the buckboard beside Ned while he guided their mules on the last leg of the wagon train adventure. "There's the Lazy M." He pointed.
She laughed. "I am so happy to be back. I can't wait to get out of pioneer clothes and soak in a tub. Never thought I'd be excited to wash my hair." Behind her, she heard Jill and Flo agree.
A rider on horseback pulled up beside them. Sarah looked at Sage and he tipped his hat.
Ned said, "Howdy, boss. Got any instructions?"
"Nope, you know the routine."
Sage grinned at Sarah. "And how are you today, Miss Sarah?"
Sarah turned scarlet. You're fetching when you blush. "Right as rain, Mr. Tanner."
Sage's grin turned wicked, "Sure was a beautiful moon last night. Beautiful moons make for special nights. Don't you agree, Miss Sarah?"
Sarah noticed Ned glancing back and forth between her and Sage. "I think every night should be special, Mr. Tanner."
Sage laughed so hard he almost fell off his horse. Julie, Jill, and Flo were now peeking around Sarah and watching the banter.
Ned shook his head. "I think I missed something in the conversation, but it's got me laughing anyway."
Sage winked at Sarah and tipped his hat at the ladies before urging Jackal to the next wagon. Flo whispered in Sarah's ear, "That man's got a thing for you." Sarah almost squealed with delight.
* * *
Sage rubbed Jackal and patted his flank. The last of the Triple T pioneers had been bused back to Tommy's ranch and his own pioneers were back at the dorm. They were a tired looking bunch and he knew from experience that tomorrow would be geared toward rest and recuperation for the dudes staying on. The M twins, the Tullys, and the Hackstetters were leaving. He knew Julie was sad about saying goodbye to Jacob. Unknown to his daughter, he had spied them kissing during the wagon train. He sighed. His little girl was growing up.
With a last pat on Jackal's hind quarter, he closed the stall and left the barn. He wanted to see Sarah, but he wasn't sure how to go about it without raising eyebrows. After showering, he knocked on Julie's door. "Hey, sweetie, you in there?"
"Yeah, Dad." She opened her door.
He handed her an envelope. "I want you to do something for me."
"Sure."
"Run over to the dorm and give this to Sarah, but don't let anyone see you give it to her."
"What is it?"
While Sage tried to think of something convincing, she laughed, "Just kidding, Dad. I don't want to know. I know you like her a lot."
"It's that obvious?"
"Well…yeah."
* * *
Julie ran across the yard toward the dorm. She was glad her father had asked her to deliver a note to Sarah. It would give her a chance to see Jacob again. When she thought about him leaving the next day, she wanted to cry.
She opened the door to the dorm. The great room was empty except for Jacob watching a sci-fi flick. He jumped up when she came in. "Hi Julie. I'm glad you're here. I almost walked over to ask if you wanted to watch a movie. But I figured you were probably too tired."
"I'd love to watch a movie. Give me a minute and I'll call my dad and let him know." She walked to the end of the hallway and knocked on Sarah's door. When Sarah opened it she looked really happy to see her, and when Julie handed her the envelope saying it was from her dad, she looked ecstatic. Yep, they definitely have the hots for each other.
After performing her errand, she returned to the great room and then entered the kitchen to call her dad and let him know she was watching movies with Jacob. Jacob came in and they made microwave popcorn. He asked what movie she wanted to watch and she said the one playing was fine. He started the movie over and when the opening credits rolled, he reached for her hand and entwined his fingers with hers.
* * *
Sarah read the note again.

Sarah,
I'd love for you to come to the house after you receive this. However, if you feel uncomfortable doing so, I certainly understand. Just so you know, tomorrow night I intend to take you to dinner, come hell or high water.
—Sage

Sarah's stomach did a somersault. He wanted her to come to the house. Quickly, she applied a little makeup, fluffed her hair, and changed into a calf length pink cotton skirt and pretty pink peasant blouse. She'd figured out that Sage was fond of her peasant tops.
After a last glance in the mirror, she opened the door and ran smack into one of the twins. Uh oh.
The woman didn't move.
"Excuse me," said Sarah.
The twin bent her knees until she was Sarah's height. "Don't think you're gonna keep him. You're just a distraction. Yeah, you're just a mercy fu…"
"Mandy!"
Sarah looked at the other twin down the hall and then back at Mandy. Ann was right about the girl having shifty eyes.
Mindy walked to stand next to Mandy. "I'm sorry for my sister's lack of manners, Sarah. She's just a sore loser."
"Loser to her!—chubby girl! No way!" Mandy stormed down the hall. Mindy gave Sarah an apologetic look and shook her head before following her sister.
Sarah waited until the twins had closed the door to their room before she walked to the great room. Julie and Jacob were absorbed in a movie and didn't notice her slip into the kitchen. The room was empty and she opened the back door, thankful for the cool night. She just started walking while her mind punched auto replay on the evil twin's hurtful words. Chubby girl…chubby girl…chubby girl. How many times had she heard those words, or close approximations, from her parents, her skinny sister, her ex-husband? She hated those words.
Mandy's meanness had put her in a funk and she couldn't decide whether to knock on Sage's door or go back to her room. She wanted to cry; something she'd been doing a lot of lately.
"Sarah," Sage called her name.
She jerked around. She'd walked almost to his house. He was leaning against the siding, but straightened and strode toward her. Her heart tried to jackhammer through her ribs.
When he was in front of her, he said, "I was hoping you'd come."
She felt tongue-tied.
"Cat got your tongue?"
She nodded.
He reached for her hand. "Will you come to the house with me?"
She found her voice. "Okay." No power on earth could have made her say no.
She walked with him up the back porch steps and into the kitchen. "Can I get you some iced tea?" he asked.
"Yes, please."
"I like your top."
Sarah's heart did a triple somersault.
Sage moved away. 
"Wait!"
He turned around.
"I don't want tea."
"What do you want, Sarah?"
"You."
His smile was slow and meaningful. "Just what I wanted to hear."
For the next two hours, if Sage had any misgivings about her weight, he didn't show it. When he urged her into the shower with him, any trepidation was soon dissolved in the steam coming from the water and from them.
He asked her to stay the night, but she refused. He guessed the reason for her refusal and told her Julie was a big girl and could handle him being with a woman, but he respected her wishes. When he walked her back to the dorm shortly before midnight, Jacob and Julie approached.
"Hello Mr. Tanner," said Jacob. He sounded nervous.
"Hello Jacob. I guess you're leaving tomorrow."
"Yes, sir."
"Have you enjoyed your stay?"
"Yes, sir."
"You seem a little nervous. Is there something you want to say?"
"Yes, sir."
"Okay. You can say it."
"Well, sir."
Sage waited and finally said, "Jacob, just spit it out."
"Sir, I like Julie…a lot. And I want to call her on the phone and come to see her when I can. Maybe I could get a job here during the summer. You could teach me to be a ranch hand."
Julie added, "Yeah, Dad. Jacob would work really hard for you."
Sage asked, "Son, have you mentioned this to your parents?"
"Ah, not yet. I wanted to talk to you first."
"I'll tell you what, I don't have any openings this summer, but if you're still interested next summer, and your parents say okay, I'll hire you for a few weeks."
Jacob looked at Julie and grinned. "That'd be great!"
Julie hugged her father. "Thanks, Dad."
"You're welcome. Now you two should call it a night. We've had a long three days."
Sage and Sarah watched Jacob walk Julie toward the house. Sage chuckled. "We'll see if their long-distance budding romance lasts until next summer; if so, he's got a job."
At the door to the dorm, Sage lifted Sarah's hand and kissed it. "Remember, dinner tomorrow night." Sarah saw the promise of passion in his eyes. She wouldn't mind skipping dinner so she could spend more time in his arms.
"Should I dress fancy or casual?"
"Fancy."
Chapter 17: Sharing

Sarah felt Sage's hand on her elbow as he guided her to a table in a romantic, dimly lit corner of the upscale Italian restaurant, Sizzling Sicily. "Sizzling" described exactly how she felt. A smile tilted the corners of her mouth and when Sage pulled out her chair and bent and whispered, "Sarah, you keep smiling like that and we're not going to be here long," she glanced down and tried to keep a straight face. She couldn't.
Sage chuckled and sat across from her. "Bet you didn't think this town had such a fancy restaurant."
"That's true. After experiencing Boot Bustin' Barn, I am a little surprised."
Their waiter handed them menus and took drink orders. Sage said, tongue-in-cheek, "Would you like an imported beer?"
Sarah blushed. "I think I'll keep all my faculties intact tonight."
The special look and quirky smile Sage flashed made her blood rush to her head.
"How about a glass of wine," he suggested.
"Okay."
He asked the waiter for recommendations and then selected a red wine grown in the Temecula Valley in California. The waiter left and they perused their menus. "I've had the Tortellini Ricotta with Spinach and it's very good," he said.
I wonder how many women he's brought here.
He looked at her over the top of the tall menu. "Julie's favorite is Spaghetti Marinara."
So maybe he hasn't brought any dates here—yeah, right.
As an appetizer they decided on Portabella Mushrooms Smothered with Mozzarella. For her main dish, Sarah ordered Julie's favorite and Sage ordered Grilled Shrimp Caprese.
For the next hour, Sage captured her attention with funny stories of situations involving "dudes" and "dudettes." He laughed, "So, here's this greenhorn wanting to show off for his girlfriend and he's only been on a horse twice, and he thinks he's ready to ride Demon."
Sarah laughed. "Demon?"
"Yeah. A horse spawned by the devil himself. His eyes turn red when anyone comes near. We were boarding him for another rancher for a few weeks. Anyway, the dude actually climbs bareback on Demon and the horse doesn't do anything."
"What!"
"The poor man couldn't get the horse to move."
Sarah was hooked. "Why not?"
Sage leaned in. "What the man didn't know was that Demon had just been tranquilized so the vet could get close. Needless to say, the girlfriend wasn't impressed. The man actually asked for a refund."
"No kidding?"
Sage sipped his wine. "No kidding. Hey, I've been talking for an hour about the ranch. I want to talk about you. Tell me about your writing. How did you get started? Have you always wanted to be a writer?"
Sarah sipped her wine, stalling for time. Setting her glass down, she twirled her finger around the lip. She looked up to see Sage watching her finger. His look sent goose flesh up her spine and she lost her train of thought.
Sage spoke over the top of his glass again. "Sarah, I swear everything you do sends me over the edge."
Her eyes rounded. "Um, er, I started writing about fifteen years ago. I'd never thought about it before then."
"What made you think of it then?"
She gave him a sad smile. "The need to do something after divorcing a cheating husband."
"I'm sorry. I wasn't trying to pry. You don't have to talk about it."
"Oh, it's okay. I was over him before our second anniversary. I just kept thinking he'd change if we had children. Stupid thinking on my part. But I was young and wanted a family." She lowered her eyes and stared at a drop of wine on the white tablecloth. Taking a deep breath, she said, "I also had a son. He was born premature and only lived a day. My panic attacks started after he died." She glanced up.
Sage was frowning. He reached across the table and covered her hand with his. "I'm so sorry, honey."
She gave him a sad smile and looked back at the wine spot.
"Sarah..."
She lifted her eyes again and stared into sympathetic blue ones, waiting for him to finish his sentence.
"You fascinate me."
She hadn't expected that and wrinkled her brow. "I'm very ordinary."
"There's nothing ordinary about you. When I first saw you at Imaginings Publishing, I felt a draw. Of course, I figured you were some uppity author and wouldn't waste your time with me."
"You've got to be kidding?"
"I kid you not."
"That's crazy."
"Well, when you got mad and left the coffee shop, that solidified it in my mind."
Sarah grinned and shyly looked away. "If it's any consolation, I find you just as fascinating."
Sage squeezed her hand. "Stay with me tonight."
Sarah blinked rapidly at the sweetness in his voice. She nodded.
The waiter brought dessert menus and interrupted the intense moment. "What are your suggestions for dessert?" she asked. "Or maybe I should ask, what is Julie's favorite dessert?"
"That's easy, anything with chocolate." They both ordered Chocolate Ricotta Pie with Hazelnuts. The waiter served their desserts with cinnamon coffees.
"You've done a wonderful job of raising Julie," Sarah said, while lifting her fork to savor her first bite. She closed her eyes.
Sage said, "Do that again."
She opened her eyes. "What?"
"Enjoy another bite."
Sarah's heart fluttered and she turned crimson.
"I love it when you blush."
She turned even redder.
Sage laughed and leaned back. "Thanks for the compliment about Julie. She got a great start in life from her mother. Marylou doted on her children. She started teaching them to read and write long before they went to kindergarten and the house was always strewn with art projects." He smiled at fond memories and then looked sad.
Sarah changed the subject. "When did you start modeling? Or how did you get into the profession?"
"We were talking about you."
"We can talk about me later."
Sage must have sensed her reticence. He rubbed his jaw. "I actually got approached by an agent on my honeymoon. Marylou and I met in third grade, fell in love in junior high, and she got pregnant the end of our senior year. I had no qualms about marrying her. We'd always planned to marry and the twins just hurried things up a bit. It helped that our parents were supportive. Of course, they'd always lectured us about not having sex before marriage, but secretly, I think they were just as excited as we were. When we found out we were having twins, both sets of grandparents were over the moon. But getting back to your question, we were honeymooning in the Florida Keys and sitting on the beach when this guy, not much older than ourselves, came up and introduced himself. He said he was an agent looking for modeling clients. I gave him the brush off but he handed me his card and Marylou stuck it in her beach bag. After the babies were born, money was tight. My Dad's health had started to decline and he couldn't keep the ranch going without my help. I'd been attending college and working part time with him. Marylou and I decided I needed to work fulltime at the ranch; especially after my mom died suddenly of a heart attack. She had a congenital heart defect that was never diagnosed."
He paused and tapped his fingers on the table. Sarah reached and placed her hand over his. He looked up with such sadness that her heart melted. He continued. "Even though I started working at the ranch fulltime, things were still tough, but none of us wanted to sell off any of our property to make ends meet. Dad died just before the twins turned three. A few months later, Marylou accidently came across the business card in her beach bag. She handed it to me and said, 'I think you should call him and just listen to what he has to say.' So, I called Pinky Marsh, and yes, that's his real name. He remembered me and set up a test shoot. After that, he put a portfolio together, and voila."
"Well, from what I've seen, you're wonderful at modeling."
Sage lifted his wine glass and twirled it. "You think so?"
Sarah's heart stopped. "Yes."
"I'd actually like to quit modeling. I'm getting a bit old for it."
"No way. You're only what, thirty-four?"
"Almost. But modeling is a short-lived career. Besides, I don't really enjoy it. At first, it was exciting when Marylou and the kids traveled with me. I liked that we could sightsee and visit places we'd never have had the opportunity to otherwise. After she and Michael died, I only continued for the money. I love this ranch; modeling and the dude ranch allow me to keep it going in style. I've been saving and investing so I can retire from modeling and still have enough to tide us over during lean years."
Sarah rubbed the back of her neck and looked across the room.
"What's that look, Sarah?"
She bit her bottom lip and looked back at him. "I'm almost forty."
"And…"
"It doesn't bother you that I'm older than you?"
"Do I look like I'm bothered?"
She shook her head.
Sage reached across the table and trailed the tip of his finger down her cheek. "Let's go home, honey."
Chapter 18: High Fashion Greenhorns

Sage wrapped his arms around Sarah's middle and pulled her back against his body, spoon style. He'd called Newt and Beaner the night before and given them responsibility for the dudes so he and Sarah could spend time together. Julie had stayed the night at Tooty's and wouldn't be home until late afternoon. Weak sunlight filtered through cracks in the curtains and he lifted his head to watch Sarah sleep. She looked sweet, peaceful, and…inviting. He smiled remembering the previous night. After a delicious dinner and heartfelt conversation, he'd wanted nothing more than to end the perfect night with her in his arms. She was an itch he didn't want to go away. She made a sighing sound and he almost traced the dusting of freckles across her nose with his lips, but he didn't want to wake her…not yet. He'd let her sleep a little longer.
Lying back down he decided her feisty attitude appealed to him more than any woman he'd met since his wife. He admired her victory in overcoming life's hurdles. When he thought about her low-life ex-husband, he wanted to pulverize the man. Of course, if her ex-husband hadn't been such a bottom feeder, she wouldn't be in his bed right now. He remembered her sadness in talking about the child she'd lost. Oh, how he could relate to that. After losing Marylou and Michael he hadn't wanted to live. The only thing that had kept him going was raising Julie. Realizing that Sarah hadn't had anyone to keep her going, his heart ached for her. She was a keeper. Before he could contemplate the ramifications of that, she turned over and smiled at him.
He smiled back. "Good morning, Sunshine. Did you sleep well?"
Her smile widened. "I had the most wonderful dream."
"Was I in it?" He lifted a hand to trace the freckles that kept teasing him.
"You were the star attraction."
"Yeah? What was I doing?"
"Touching me."
Sage moaned and moved his lips to hers. That was the most erotic thing he'd heard in years. The words, "She's a keeper," popped into his mind again.
After a day of relaxation which included cooking breakfast together and then exploring his land on horseback, they were now relaxing in the living room. While Sarah typed on her laptop, Sage read the local newspaper. He loved small town life. The phone rang and he reached for it on the table next to his recliner.
"Hello, Sage here."
"When are you going to join the real world and get a cell phone?" asked Pinky, his agent.
"Wouldn't do me any good out here, no service. How ya doin', Pinky?"
Sarah looked up from her laptop and he mouthed, "Speak of the devil." She smiled and returned to tapping on her keyboard.
"I'm doin' super fantastic 'cause I just landed you an awesome gig."
"Yeah?" Sage couldn't drum up much enthusiasm.
"Don't sound so enthused," Pinky said dryly. "If I looked like you and got to cuddle up with all those gorgeous babes, I'd be swingin' from the chandeliers with excitement. Hell, I'd even work for free." He paused. "Well, maybe not for free…but cheap."
Sage laughed. "So, tell me about this gig. You know this is the season my dudes show up, so I can't take off for long."
"That's the beauty of it. They're coming to you and paying a butt load of money, to boot."
Sage didn't like the sound of that. "What do you mean they're coming to me?"
"I got a call from Harvey Livingston. You know, of Livingston Fashions. Seems he's got a new line that has 'cowboy elements,' that's how he described it, and he wants you to showpiece the clothing. He remembered you from the Vogue shoot last year—likes your style and rugged look."
Sage wanted to stick his finger down his throat. Harvey Livingston was a pompous ass. The only good thing Sage could think to say about him was that he did design great clothes. Without agreeing, he said, "Tell me more, Pinky."
Pinky chuckled and named a dollar figure that shot past the moon.
"You're kidding."
"Nope. All you have to do is let them take the photos at your place because they think it'll be cool to capture the real deal—you in your element, so to speak. The shoot will last four days and then you're in the money, buddy. Of course, I am too. God, I love me!"
Sarah looked up and Sage rolled his eyes. She smiled and his heart tripped. All he could think about were her kisses. They were the stuff of dreams. He couldn't wait to get Pinky off the phone. Then he remembered Julie would be home any time. Forcing his thoughts back to Pinky, he asked, "Am I posing alone?"
"No, they're bringing in three females."
"And where are all these people staying?"
"I told them you have a dorm. Come on, Sage. The more accommodating we are, the more likely we'll land another gig with them in the future. These people are not small time. Of course, I told them there're nice motels in town, but the idea of staying at a real ranch got 'em all excited. I thought Harvey was gonna piss his pants."
Sage groaned. "If I agree, they have to understand they can't reveal the location of the ranch. If not, it's a no go."
"Sage, I may be greedy, but I'm not stupid. You think I want to ruin our relationship. You make us lots of money. I think I can keep you modeling until you're as old as my grandpa."
"Please don't say that. You'll give me hives. A few more years and I'm retired. You haven't answered my question."
"I got it in the contract. Mums the word. No one will know the photos were taken at the Lazy M."
"Are you coming for the shoot?"
"Naw. You know that's not how it goes. You got the body, I got the brains. I'm working on our next project."
Sage puffed air and then covered a few more points with his agent. He got up to check his calendar in the kitchen. Pinky threw out a few dates to see what worked.
"Shit, Pinky, why are they in such a hurry. The only date that works for both of us is week after next."
"For that kind of money, I'd let 'em come tomorrow if they wanted."
Sage knew Pinky was right. The money would pay his huge tax bill and still leave a bundle in the bank. He huffed, "Okay. But I want the contract overnighted so I can read it first."
"You got it."
After they hung up, Sage realized he hadn't asked Pinky about the female models. He wondered if he'd worked with any of them before. Except for Chrissie Cabot, it didn't matter much, and Pinky wouldn't be stupid enough to send Chrissie to his ranch.
Sage heard Julie talking to Sarah when he returned to the living room. The girls looked at him.
"We've got more greenhorns showing up in two weeks." He laughed. "High fashion greenhorns. Should be interesting."
Chapter 19: Storm

Sarah lay curled in Sage's bed listening to cows lowing in the distance and watching a morning breeze billow the curtains. She had one week left at the ranch and she hadn't allowed herself to think beyond that. Now it was time to return to reality. Sage hadn't mentioned staying in touch with her beyond the week. Her eyes pricked with unshed tears. It was a good thing he'd already left the bed; she didn't want him seeing her like this. His pity was the last thing she wanted. She'd willingly dived into a relationship with him. Of course, she'd privately hoped there'd be a happily-ever-after, but now the real world was beckoning.
With a heavy heart, she slipped from the sheets and headed for the shower. It was early and she wondered if Julie was up. From the beginning, Sage had tried to convince her that Julie didn't have a problem with them being together. When Sarah had protested he'd flat out asked his daughter in front of her if it was an issue. As it turned out, Julie had been thrilled with her dad and Sarah's relationship. In fact, Sarah and Julie spent a lot of time together. Just like a real family. Sarah stifled a sob.
After showering, she pulled on fashionably faded Levis that she and Julie had found at a second hand store. They had discovered a common passion in combing junk shops. While Julie searched for clothing, Sarah searched for old books. Sage had even accompanied them once and bought an antique saddle. We have so much fun together. She stifled another sob.
After dressing in one of her pretty peasant tops, she brushed her hair into a pony tail and applied a little makeup. Then she remembered the crew and models for the photo shoot were arriving today and wondered if she should dress nicer. But, quite frankly, she didn't have the energy to care.
She entered the kitchen to find Julie and Sage already making breakfast. Sage said, "Hey, we were going to surprise you." He leaned over and kissed her cheek and said low, "I love your blouse."
Julie glanced at them and grinned before opening the fridge. "So, Dad, what time are the photographers and crew showing up?"
Sage groaned, "Did you have to remind me?"
"Come on Dad, you're a famous model. Your public anxiously awaits your next full cover glossy."
"Julie, you're grounded."
Sarah listened to the father/daughter banter and couldn't help but smile. The thought of leaving and never hearing their teasing again was heartrending.
After breakfast, Sage headed for the dorm to get the dudes lined out for the day before turning his attention to running his ranch. Sarah admired him for his dedication and work ethic.
Julie called a quick goodbye and left with Newt, who was dropping her off at Tooty's. Since summer school had ended the girls were having a blast enjoying the remainder of summer vacation.
Sarah sighed and pulled out her laptop. She was writing the last chapter of Dream Kisses.

Tarah exited the library, her heavy heart weighing on her spirit like an anchor. The smell of rose perfume, thick as a blanket, made her want to wretch. Daisy's words echoed. "You're nothing but a distraction to Gage. Do you really think he could fall for you? Look at you. You look like the proverbial old maid." She'd tittered before making a sweeping exit in her bosom revealing silk and satin gown.
Inhaling deeply with her resolve solidified, Tarah returned to the small bedroom she'd made so homey and retrieved her old valise from under the four poster bed. Tears leaked as she packed her meager belongings. She needed to leave before Gage returned.

 Setting her laptop aside, Sarah went in search of a distraction. Writing about Tarah's sadness only intensified her own. Julie had put a load of clothes in the dryer earlier and Sarah decided to fold them for her. Retrieving the clothing, she absentmindedly folded and considered the ending of her book. Of course, it was going to be happy, but she wasn't exactly sure if she wanted Tarah to leave and make Gage search for her, or have him stop her before she left. Decisions. Decisions.
Sarah placed the folded clothing back in the basket and walked to Julie's room to set it on her bed. She turned to leave but an open magazine on the nightstand captured her attention. It was Sage and he was with a beautiful woman. Sarah picked up the magazine. The heading read, "Beauty and the Hunk." Sarah read the caption: Reclusive hunky model, Sage Tanner, and curvy, bathing suit model, Chrissie Cabot, were caught sneaking into Chrissie's Malibu beachfront house. Rumor has it they've been privately seeing each other.
Sarah scanned for the date on the magazine. It was a year old. She looked closer at the picture. Sage was smiling and had his arm wrapped around Chrissie's waist. The woman was wearing a teeny bikini and eyeing him with sexy adoration. Sarah wanted to throw up. She set the magazine back on the nightstand and started to turn away. Her foot bumped something and she glanced down to see another magazine on the floor and bent to retrieve it. When she did, she noticed several more spilling out from beneath Julie's bed skirt. One by one, as if mesmerized, she pulled them out. Each magazine had either a picture of Sage on the cover or a bookmark to a page about him. Obviously, Julie was proud of her dad. In at least a half dozen photos, he was with Chrissie Cabot and there was more speculation about them having a romance. Other photos showed him in ads. There was one with his agent, a short, skinny man, with long hippy hair, and another of him at a charity function for the Big Bro and Big Sis Organization.
Sarah pushed the magazines back under the bed and left Julie's room. Numbly, she sat on the couch. God, what a fool she'd been to think maybe Sage would stay in touch and something lasting could develop.
A knock on the door distracted her. She walked to open it.
A woman said, "Oh, I'm looking for Sage Tanner. Are you the housekeeper?"
Sarah looked at the woman dumbfounded. It was Chrissie Cabot.
A truck drove up and Chrissie spun around. She turned back to Sarah and grinned. "Speak of the devil." She shoved her overnight case at Sarah. "Could you put this in the guest room?" Then she turned and ran toward Sage, throwing her arms around his neck.
Sarah stared at the case in her hand, and then obediently walked to the guest room because she couldn't bear to watch their reunion. Returning to the living room, she closed her laptop just as Sage and Chrissie entered the house.
"Oh, I already met your housekeeper, Sage."
Sarah turned scarlet and couldn't bring herself to look at him.
"My what!" he exclaimed.
Chrissie looked from Sage to Sarah, clearly confused.
"Sarah isn't my housekeeper!" he practically shouted.
Sarah fumbled while placing her laptop in its case and Sage walked over, stilled her hands, and kissed her cheek.
Chrissie stuttered, "Oh, I…I'm really sorry. I didn't realize you two…"
Sarah glanced at her to see the incredulous expression in her eyes. Her look made Sarah want to give in to a childish urge to push her. Instead, she turned toward Sage and kissed him full on the mouth. "Later, hon." She grabbed her laptop carrier and rushed out the door.
* * *
Sage watched Sarah leave. God, the woman was hot! He sighed and turned back to Chrissie. "Pinky didn't tell me you were on this shoot."
"Sage, is she really your latest flame?"
"What's your point, Chrissie?"
"Nothing. She's just…different."
"You mean intelligent, sweet, interesting, funny, and sexy?"
"Whatever you say. Too bad you got cold feet about us."
"There never was an 'us' and you know it. It was all about the sex."
"Maybe for you. I wanted things to work out."
"That's a crock, Chrissie. You wouldn't know monogamous if it bit you in the butt."
"You haven't changed a bit." Chrissie grinned. "Still a cowboy from the top of your gorgeous head to the tip of your…" She looked him up and down, "…scruffy boots."
Sage heard vehicles and walked to the window. A couple of vans, a Toyota SUV, and a Lexus LS had pulled in front of the ranch house. Two tall, skinny women, obviously models, stepped out of the Lexus, as did Harvey Livingston. Four men, two in each van, got out and stretched, and a man and woman exited the SUV.
Sage groaned. It was going to be a long week.
After he'd greeted Harvey and his crew, he grabbed his walkie-talkie and called Newt and Beaner to meet the arrivals at the dorm. When Chrissie started walking back to the house with him, he said, "Where are you going?"
"To the guest room, of course."
"Chrissie, you're staying at the dorm with everyone else."
"Come on Sage, I promise to behave around your girlfriend."
"What part of 'you're staying at the dorm' don't you understand?"
Chrissie squinted. "You're really serious, aren't you? Boy, you've got it bad."
Sage placed his hands on his hips and stared her down.
"Okay, okay. Just let me get my travel case."
After Chrissie drove away, he picked up his phone and dialed Pinky.
"Hey Sage," Pinky answered. "Did the crew arrive?"
"Yeah, they arrived all right. Don't you think you neglected to tell me something?"
"Honestly, Sage, I didn't know she was coming until the last minute."
"It would have been nice if you'd clued me in, even at the last minute."
"I know. I started to call and then chickened out. I knew you'd be pissed. But man, she's a hot ticket right now. Why don't you give her another trial run?"
"I will not even dignify that remark with an explanation. If you think she's so great, you give her a trial run. Personally, I prefer a woman with substance." He envisioned Sarah.
"You are one sick puppy. I'd take advantage of Chrissie as long as I could. She's in demand. She'd boost your career."
"I'm not interested in boosting my career. I was stupid to get involved with her. You're gonna owe me for this, Pinky."
"Okay, okay. I'll throw in an extra five hundred for mental anguish. I should be so lucky."
After Sage hung up he decided to go find Sarah.
Chapter 20: Gossip Girls

In her dorm bedroom, Sarah sat on the side of her bed. She felt like hell and a glance in the mirror only made her feel worse. You're almost forty years old, you have no family of your own, and losing weight is about as easy as writing a Pulitzer Prize novel.
She heard commotion outside her room and peeked out her door. Men and women, other than the current dudes, were hauling suitcases and equipment. Two leggy gals walked down the hallway, one with mahogany hair and the other a platinum blond. They both saw her peeking out her door and the blonde made a small waving motion. Sarah shut her door. They probably thought she was speechless because of the presence of high fashion models. Maybe she should ask for their autographs, she thought sarcastically.
She plopped across her bed. Should she try to get one of the ranch hands to drive her to the closest car rental agency and head out into the sunset? The thought of leaving Sage made her blink rapidly. She'd wanted to treasure her last week with him and create memories to last a lifetime. Maybe they'd never see each other again. She heard a knock on her door and then, "Honey, it's me, Sage."
She rushed to open the door. Girl, you're hopeless.
Sage stepped inside the room and closed the door. Leaning against it, he shut his eyes for a few seconds. "I'm really sorry, Sarah. I had no idea Chrissie Cabot was one of the models. If I'd known, I would have refused to work with her. She's spoiled and impossible."
"You don't owe me any explanations. It's none of my business."
He gave her a strange look. "Maybe I want it to be your business."
She turned and walked to her window. "So, what's your schedule like the rest of the week?"
"For the next four days, we'll be doing the shoots early morning until mid afternoon and again at sunset. Tomorrow the takes will be at the river." He stopped talking. "Sarah, look at me."
She turned and acted indifferent, although her heart pounded
He said, "Nothing's changed." There was a loud knock on her door. "Do you want me to open it?"
"Might as well."
He opened the door to a skinny jovial guy who looked past Sage to Sarah. "Oh, sorry, I got turned around and thought this was Harvey's room."
Sage pointed down the hall. "There's his room."
"Thanks."
He started to close the door when another crew member called his name. "Hey Sage, you got time to go over the logistics of tomorrow's shoot?"
Sarah wasn't ready to continue their conversation so she said, "You take care of business. I'm kind of tired anyway."
He looked like he didn't believe her, but he must have seen something in her expression that kept him from saying so. "Okay. We'll talk later." He stepped into the hall and closed the door.
* * *
It was just before midnight when Sage finally got off the walkie-talkie with Newt. Plopping onto his recliner, he squeezed his eyes shut. Hopefully, everyone was lined out for tomorrow. Ned was overseeing work in the north pasture, Newt was overseeing the dudes, the photo crew had been shown the location of the next day's shoot, and Curley had worked out the menu for onsite lunches. He rubbed his eyes. He needed to sleep because he'd be up at the crack of dawn, but he didn't want to go to bed without Sarah.
Exhausted, he walked to his bedroom and sat on the side of his bed. Unbuttoning and removing his shirt and sliding off his belt, he fell backwards across the quilt his mother had sewn when he was a boy. He wished he'd never agreed to this modeling job. He wanted to go back in time and tell Pinky to shove it up his ass. The time he'd spent with Sarah had made him happier than he'd been in a long time. Their outings, with Julie in tow, had made him want so much more than just a physical relationship. He longed for a complete family, but he may have just screwed things up.
Since the Chrissie debacle that afternoon, Sarah had become reserved and standoffish. Chrissie was a wart that wouldn't go away. They'd had a short affair that he intensely regretted. Hell, he'd only slept with her a couple of times; the first because he was stupid and the second because he was stupider. He tried to console himself by remembering how bad he'd been feeling at the time. It was around the anniversary of Marylou's and Michael's deaths and he'd just wanted a warm body to comfort him.
He rolled onto his side and placed a hand on Sarah's pillow. She hadn't shown for supper and when he'd knocked on her door, she'd called out that she wasn't feeling well and was going to bed early. After supper he'd been presented with one crisis after another. If tomorrow followed the same pattern, he'd probably go ballistic on someone. He closed his eyes and fell asleep still in his jeans.
* * *
Hunger pains gnawed at Sarah when she woke. She'd skipped supper the night before because the thought of trying to make small talk with the models and crew wasn't something she could pull off. She also didn't want to watch Chrissie and the other women put the moves on Sage.
The sun was barely up when she slinked to the kitchen, hoping to find some leftovers and sneak them back to her room. She'd just walked into the pantry in search of Curley's homemade bread when the kitchen door opened and she heard two women talking. Oh, fudge, just my luck. She started to step out of the pantry to make her presence known when one of the women said, "You know Sage and Chrissie had a thing going, don't you?"
"Yeah, but from the way he's ignoring her, I think its dead and buried."
"I hope so—gives us a chance."
"Hey, you don't think he's hot for chubby girl, do you? I saw him coming out of her room. He didn't look happy."
"Are you serious, Rosie? Do you think he'd go for her?"
There was a pause, and then, "Naw."
Sarah heard the refrigerator open and the girl named Rosie ask, "You want some orange juice?"
"No, I'm good. We better hurry. That old guy, Newt, said the van leaves at seven."
The other girl groaned. "Yeah, and with my luck, I'll have to sit next to Chrissie and listen to her bullshit about how famous she is."
Sarah heard the door close and released her breath. She didn't feel hungry anymore.
Chapter 21: Clean up Girl

By noon, after skipping supper the night before and losing her appetite that morning, Sarah was ravenous. She decided to see if Curley would let her make a sandwich that she could take back to her room. She only had a few revisions to make to the ending of Dream Kisses, and then the manuscript was off to Sissy.
The great room was empty. She figured the dudes were probably horseback riding. When she entered the kitchen, Curley and Newt were rushing around like crazy people. Newt was complaining, "Hell, since when did I become an errand boy. I gots ta take all them hoity-toity greenhorns lunch. What was the boss thinkin' ta ask 'em here?" Newt answered his own question. "He was thinkin' with his pocketbook, that's what."
Curley mumbled something in response and fastened lids on plastic containers of potato salad. The door squeaked and the men looked up. Sarah's stomach growled. Curley said, "Hey, Sarah, you feelin' better? I was gonna knock on your door and ask if you wanted some soup or somethin' after I got this modelin' bunch taken care of."
"That's sweet, Curley. Would it be okay if I just snagged one of those sandwiches? I'm feeling better now."
"Sure, little lady. Help yerself. Whatever you want. There's tuna salad or turkey club."
Sarah picked up a tuna sandwich and Curley handed her a plate. "You want some potato salad or chips to go with it?"
"No, this is plenty. Thank you." She turned to leave, before she could rationalize what she was about to ask, she turned back around. "Newt, can I help you deliver lunch?"
Newt glanced up from slopping tuna on a piece of bread. "Sure. Need all the help I can get. I'm leavin' in fifteen minutes."
"Okay, I'll change and be right back." Chastising herself for her hair-brained request, she rushed to her room and put on Levis and a cowboy shirt Julie had found during one of their second-hand store excursions. She pulled on the boots she'd bought in L.A. and worn to Boot Bustin' Barn. When she returned, Newt's rusty pickup was already loaded. She climbed in and he put the truck in gear, mumbling, "Thanks fer yer help, Missy."
"No problem."
They drove several minutes until they reached a gate. Newt jumped out of the truck to open it, jumped back in to drive through, and back out again to close it. They followed a dirt road across a pasture. When they crested a hill, she asked, "So, exactly where is the shoot taking place? I heard something about the river."
"Yep, they're up near the fork where it splits and makes a run toward the Triple T. It's a right pretty place. Just wish them greenhorns would get their business done and move on. Them bein' here puts a wrench in the gears. Now we got everbody tryin' ta be in two places at once. Soon's I'm done here, I gots ta hurry back and meet up with Beaner so's we can give the dudes lasso lessons."
Sarah didn't know how to respond, so she just nodded in sympathy. Twenty minutes later they reached the river and turned west. Newt was right about it being pretty. Tall pines sloped down an incline to the banks of the river. He pulled into a clearing with an SUV, Sage's pickup, and a couple of vans. He jerked his head sideways. "Past those trees and rocks is where we're goin'." When they got out of the cab, Sarah could hear voices coming from below. Newt reached into the pickup bed to hoist an ice chest onto his shoulder. Sarah reached for the big box of paper goods, but he said, "No, Missy, you jes leave that be. Some of them high-falutin' city folk can carry this stuff."
"I really don't mind."
"Nope, you jes follow me." He headed across the clearing to a trail that sloped to the river, but before starting down they paused to watch the scene along its banks. Three tent canvases had been erected near the tree line. The two smaller ones had their flaps down on three sides. Inside, folding tables were loaded with jars, small boxes, and mirrors. Tall chairs were placed next to the tables. In one of them a man was kicked back reading a magazine.
The larger tent was open to the outdoors with all its flaps up. Equipment and cords crammed the entire space and the guy who'd knocked on Sarah's door the day before was pulling out a heavy cord. Everyone else was gathered near the river where Sage and Chrissie posed on a ledge jutting above the water. The other two models stood off to the side watching. A camera man moved like a dancer around Sage and Chrissie. Nearby, a big man with thick white hair sat in a director's chair. Even though he was in profile, Sarah could see he was smiling.
Newt started down the trail and Sarah followed. When they got within hearing range she listened to the photographer calling instructions. "Hot and sexy! Move in, Chrissie. Touch his chest. Great!" The camera repeatedly clicked. "Put a hand on his abs, but let the buttons peek through your fingers." Click. Click. "Rosie, Diane, join them." The Photographer clicked a few more shots and then yelled, "Makeup!" A female crew member rushed to blot the models faces. More instructions were given. "Let's flank him girls. Chrissie, you kneel in front of him and look up possessively. Sage, pull Rosie and Diane against your body and give Rosie a bedroom look." Sarah knew that look, and to her chagrin, the green-eyed monster reared its head again.
When she and Newt had almost reached the bottom of the trail, Sage glanced up and saw her. His countenance changed to one of delight and the photographer called, "Perfect, Sage. Turn that look on Chrissie."
Sage frowned. "I need a break." He dropped his arms from around the models and walked away. The photographer looked disappointed, but yelled, "Break everyone!" After he turned and saw Newt and Sarah he yelled again, "Looks like lunch has arrived!"
Sage stalked toward them, and Newt said under his breath, "Don't look like the boss is too happy."
Sarah silently agreed.
Sage reached them and took the ice chest from Newt. Newt said. "Yo, boss. Wanna send some greenhorns up to help unload?"
"Sure." He stared at Sarah. "What are you doing here?"
Newt piped up. "She was real nice and offered to help."
Sage turned and called to no one in particular, "Could a couple of you unload Newt's pickup?"
"Sure," returned one of the crew. He tagged another man and they started up the trail.
"Sarah, come with me. Newt, show the guys what you want done."
Sarah followed Sage to a long folding table under a tree close to the river and he set the ice chest on it. He said, "I'll be right back," and walked to the trail.
The heavy set white-haired man who had been sitting in the director's chair approached her. "Hello. My name is Harvey Livingston. We haven't met."
"I'm Sarah Carter."
The big man asked, "So, are you one of the ranch employees?"
"Um, no. I actually came for the dude ranch."
"Sounds like fun. I'm considering signing up myself."
Sarah said, "You'll enjoy it," and smiled.
Harvey said, "What do you think of the clothing?" Without waiting for her response, he forged on, "I think my new line is stupendous; already got great responses from major buyers. I'm thinking of expanding into a children's line. You know, I started in this business thirty years ago and have made quite a name for myself. I…"
Sarah spotted Sage returning with the other men. The clothing designer kept talking about his accomplishments and she tried to look interested. Even when the men arrived and set their bundles on the table, the man kept yammering. "Then, in the early nineties, I set the standard by…" She reached into the supply box and pulled out a plastic tablecloth, still trying to look interested. As she set out plates, utensils, and other supplies, Harvey kept up his one-sided conversation. "Now, the year 2001 was major in my career and that's also the year I started working with Sage. He did some Vogue work for me. Great year! Great year!"
When Harvey paused for breath, Sage called, "Lunch is served." The crew members dropped what they were doing and headed for the table. The models stayed in the tall chairs in one of the small tents and continued a private conversation.
Sage bent to Sarah's ear. "Grab your lunch and follow me."
Sarah didn't like the tone of his voice. He sounded short-tempered and frustrated. She frowned, but placed a tuna sandwich on her plate and walked downstream with him. He sat on a boulder and she sat on another one a few feet away. He took a bite of his sandwich. Finally, he asked, "How are you feeling?"
"Better."
He took another bite. "Why did you really come out here with Newt?"
"I wanted to help. He seemed a little overwhelmed."
"Is that the only reason?"
"Yes. Why else would I come?"
"So, you weren't a little jealous of me being surrounded by all these women?" He only sort of sounded like he was teasing.
"Of course not; it's your job."
"You're lying."
Sarah paused with her sandwich halfway to her mouth and felt her face burn. She lied and said, "I'm not lying."
Sage studied her face. "There's nothing between Chrissie and me, but at one time we had a brief…very brief…affair. Thank God it's over."
Sarah couldn’t help her response. "She doesn't seem to think its over."
"I don't give a rat's ass what she thinks."
Sarah shifted her eyes from the intensity of his gaze and stared across the river.
Sage asked low, "Will you come to the house tonight?"
She bit her lip. "I…I don't know."
"Okay. I won't press you."
"Can I stay and watch the rest of the shoot?"
"Why do you want to?"
She looked at him. "I don't exactly know."
He glanced across the river. "If that's what you want. Sure." They finished eating in silence and then he stood. "We better get back."
They returned to camp and he excused himself when the photographer called his name. Sarah started cleaning up the table. While she was packing supplies back in the box, Chrissie and the other two models walked over. Rosie and Diane each selected a sandwich to nibble on. Chrissie said, "That Curley guy should have sent a green salad. I told him that's what I wanted for lunch."
"The turkey is really good, you should try it," said Rosie.
Chrissie gave her a disdainful look and directed her attention to Sarah who was tossing discarded plates in a trash bag. "So, Sarah, how much of the shoot did you see?"
"Just a couple of minutes."
"Sage and I look good together, don't we?"
"Yes, you pose well together." Sarah looked at the other models. "All of you."
Chrissie said slyly, "We do other things well together, too…better than well."
Rosie and Diane snickered.
"Yes, he told me about that." Sarah tried to sound catty but it came off as sounding lame.
Chrissie had cornered the market on catty and shot back with, "We just do it for each other."
Sarah and the other models looked at her dumbfounded.
The photographer called to Chrissie. Before she left, she turned to Sarah and winked. "I guess we've had a common experience." Then she twirled and pranced away like she was on a Paris runway.
"What a bitch," Rosie said.
"You got that right," Diane agreed.
"What do you say we give her a run for her money—cozy up to Sage the rest of the day? Who knows, maybe one of us might get lucky."
The girls started walking away, ignoring Sarah who was once again tossing trash in a bag. Rosie stopped and turned around, "Hey Sarah, thanks for cleaning up."
Before Sarah could think of a witty retort, the leggy beauties were out of earshot. Slinging uneaten sandwiches back in the ice chest, she didn’t hear Newt until he was behind her.
"Hey Sarah, you mad at them sandwiches?"
"Oh, sorry, Newt. Guess my mind is elsewhere."
Newt looked from her to the retreating figures of the models. "Don't let 'em get ta ya. Sage can't stand the lot of 'em."
Sarah shrugged as if she didn't care.
Newt helped her finish cleaning and packing. He waved to a nearby crewmember. "Can I get some help hauling this stuff back to my truck?"
"Sure thing, Newt."
Sarah grabbed the box of supplies and started toward the trail. When Newt started to object, she gave him a steely look. He closed his mouth to whatever he'd been about to say. After the truck was loaded, he opened the passenger door for her.
"I've decided to stay and watch. Sage said it's okay."
"You actu'ly want ta stick around?" Newt sounded incredulous.
Sarah grinned, "Guess I'm a glutton for punishment."
The old cowboy shook his head and climbed into his truck. Sarah waved when he backed out. She returned to the top of the crest and, instead of following the trail to the bank of the river, sat on a boulder near the trailhead and watched the scene below. Newt was right to think her crazy, and she was right when she'd said she was a glutton for punishment. Sage and the models were back in rare form. The poses were sexy, provocative, sensual, and heartbreaking for Sarah to watch. Surrounded by beautiful women, a successful designer, and an attentive crew, Sage was in his element. She felt like the ugly stepsister. Even though he complained about modeling, it was an exciting world he fit into. Her world consisted of lonely days tapping on a computer while attempting to create, in words, scenes like the one unfolding in real life below. If, by some miracle, Sage had lasting feelings for her and wanted to stay in contact, could she handle his world? And if they continued their relationship, how long until he realized just how boring Sarah Carter was? Her heart was already suffering; did she want to prolong the inevitable?
For the next two hours Sarah sat on her perch pondering her dilemma. When the photographer called a wrap, Sage spoke briefly with the designer and the photographer. Then he walked to the large tent and said something that made the crew laugh. Chrissie approached him, smiled, and placed a hand on his chest. While she was talking, the other models joined them, and she stepped possessively closer. Rosie, almost as tall as Sage, leaned to whisper in his ear. 
Sarah sighed and looked away. When she glanced back he was walking toward the trail. He'd almost reached the top when she stood. He stopped a few feet from her. "Come on. Let's get the hell out of here."
The drive back was quiet as Sarah stared out the window. When they reached the gate at the edge of the pasture, Sage got out and opened it and then got back in the cab. Instead of putting the truck in gear, however, he just sat there. Sarah chewed her lip. He turned to face her. "I don't know what's going through your head, honey, but if you think I have anything going with those women, you're wrong. I don't fool around with multiple women. I'm monogamous. But I guess that's something you'll just have to take my word on."
Sarah was saved from having to respond when the walkie-talkie sounded. "Sage, this is Beaner. You there?"
He sighed and reached for the device. "Yo Beaner, this is Sage. What's up?"
"Sorry to bother you boss, but Ned went to town for supplies and Newt's not answering. Me and some of the guys are at the boundary of the north pasture and there's another break in the fence. We got cows crossing the main road and cars stopped."
"Shit! I'm on my way. I'll stop and get Curley. You keep radioing everyone. Tell them to get their asses over there pronto."
"Righto boss. Over and out."
Sage switched the channel on the walkie-talkie. "Curley, this is Sage, pick up quick!"
Curley's voice crackled back. "What's up?"
"I'll be at the dorm in ten minutes. Meet me out front. We got escaped cows. I need you to go with me."
"I'll be waitin'."
Driving past the gate, Sage jumped out and closed it, and then jammed the truck toward the ranch. On the way, the walkie-talkie sounded again and he spent the rest of the drive giving instructions.
When he stopped in front of the dorm and Sarah opened her door, Newt's voice came over the walkie-talkie. "Boss, pick up."
 Sage said, "Hold on, Newt." Reaching across the seat, he circled her wrist. "We'll finish our conversation later."
Sarah nodded. "Don't think about that right now, you just go take care of business."
He reached to caress her cheek. "Maybe I'll see you later tonight?"
She looked down and didn't respond, and he dropped his hand. She stepped out of the truck and Curley jumped in. Newt's voice sounded again. "Ya still there, boss? I hope yer finished bein' pretty boy, 'cause we got cows thinkin' they're cars."
Sarah didn't hear Sage's response because the truck peeled out in a cloud of dust.
Inside the dorm, the dudes were gathered around the big screen TV watching John Wayne shoot-it-out with a gang of angry desperadoes. They didn't even notice her. Back in her room, she picked up her laptop and wrote the ending to Dream Kisses. At least her characters would have a happily-ever-after. For herself, she knew what she must do.

Tarah walked along the river's edge, her heart heavy and broken. After spending one last glorious night with Gage, she'd left Liberty Ranch in the middle of the night to return to her parents' humble home. Gage lived a life of wealth and prestige that she could never fit into. She would always be plain Tarah Casey, daughter of poor potato farmers barely eking a living. Gage deserved a wife of beauty and polish—someone who could make him proud.
Staring across the river, she picked up a stone and tossed it into the calm water. Suddenly, another stone skipped behind the one she'd just tossed. Tarah jerked around. Leaning against a tree, Gage watched her with such intensity she couldn't breathe. Slowly, he stepped away from the tree and walked toward her. He said…

A tear dripped onto her keyboard when she typed the last words to Dream Kisses. She closed the laptop, put it in her briefcase, and lay back on her bed, allowing her tears to freely flow.
Chapter 22: Fling

Later that night, when Sarah saw Sage's truck parked at the side of his house, she walked over and knocked on the door. She hoped Julie was still up.
Julie opened the door. "Hi, Sarah, come on in. You know you don't have to knock. Dad just got back from chasing cows," she snickered. "He asked if you'd come over. When I told him no, he was really disappointed. He'll be glad you're here."
"Did they round up all the cows?"
"Yeah, he wouldn't have come back if they hadn't. Can I get you some tea or lemonade?"
"No, but thanks for asking." Sarah felt awkward.
"You wanna sit down 'til Dad gets out of the shower?"
"Yes. Um, Julie?"
Julie looked questioningly at her.
"I just want you to know…well, I think the world of you. You're a sweet girl and you have enriched my life."
Julie studied Sarah's face. "Thank you. I feel the same way about you."
Sarah stepped toward Julie and hugged her. Julie hugged her back. Not wanting to get emotional, Sarah released her and sat on the couch, trying to make small talk. "What did you do today? Did you do some trick riding for the dudes?"
"Yeah. I even tried some new moves I've been practicing with Precious Pudding."
"Really, what kind of moves?"
For the next half hour Julie happily described her latest achievements. Neither of them realized Sage was watching from the hallway until he said, "Hello Sarah."
Sarah's heart jumped into her throat. "Hello. I heard you were able to round up all the cows."
"Finally."
Julie looked from Sarah to her father. "I think I'll turn in. Dad, just as a reminder, Tooty and I are going to the movies tomorrow. Her mom's picking me up early."
"Okay, honey. Have fun." He didn't remove his eyes from Sarah's.
After Julie left, Sarah walked to stand in front of him. Silently, she lifted a hand to caress his cheek. Standing on tiptoe, she followed with her mouth skimming his five o-clock shadow.
"Do you want me to shave?" he whispered in her ear.
"No." She moved her mouth to his, teasing it with tiny nips.
Pulling her into a tight embrace, he cupped her bottom and pulled her up against him. "Let's go to bed, Sarah, my love."
For hours, Sarah loved Sage with every atom of her body and emotion of her soul. When they lay spent in each other's arms, he smoothed his hand over her hair and kissed her forehead. Softly, he said, "Thank you, Sarah."
After Sarah was sure Sage was asleep, she quickly dressed and reached into the pocket of her jeans for the note she'd written earlier. Going to his dresser, she set the envelope on top of his Stetson and turned for a last look at him. Her gaze lovingly caressed his face before she tiptoed to the kitchen to grab his truck keys off the peg. Running back to the dorm, she quietly slipped into her room and grabbed a suitcase. After hauling it to the bed of the truck, she returned for the other one. Finally, with her heart hammering, she made her last trek to the dorm to retrieve her travel case, laptop, and purse. She glanced around her dorm room and silently bid goodbye to Lazy M Ranch. Slinking through the hall and great room, she went back to the truck and prayed no one would hear the engine turn over. She slipped the truck into gear and backed away from the house, turning down the long drive. When she was out of sight of the house, she punched the gas pedal. At the Shop 'Til You Drop Truck Stop, she parked in the back and walked to the payphone to call a cab.
* * *
Sage stretched and yawned and then grinned when he remembered his night of passion. He was in love with Sarah Carter a.k.a. Mims Murphy and as soon as he was free of the disaster he'd created for himself, he was going to take her somewhere special and tell her.
He rolled over intending to suggest they shower together. Her side of the bed was empty. Maybe she was already in the shower and he'd surprise her. He sat up and scratched his chest. When he started toward the bathroom, he noticed something on top of his hat. Walking naked to his dresser he felt a tingling of foreboding. He reached for an envelope and ripped it open. Reading Sarah's words made him want to pound his fist in the wall.


Sage,
We've had a fun fling, but now it's time to move on. Our worlds are as different as night and day. For me, the thrill of your world would soon wear thin. For you, the sameness of mine would drive you stir crazy. Reality has reared its head and it's time to accept who we are. I borrowed your truck. You'll find it at Shop 'Til You Drop Truck Stop. The key is on top of the passenger tire. Thanks for all the great research and I wish you a happy life. I'll never forget you or Julie.
—Mims

Sage crumpled the note and threw it across the room. Their relationship had only been a "fling" for her?
Chapter 23: Declaration
Six Months Later

Sprawled across her bed, Julie devoured the pages of the book Tooty had secreted to her the previous day. She read the last word and closed it. Smoothing her hand over the cover, she reached and set it on the bedside table before rolling onto her back and placing her hands behind her head. After a few minutes of staring at the ceiling, she grabbed the book back up. She was on a mission. Checking the barn first, she found her dad brushing Jackal.
He paused and said, "Hey, Julie, what have you been doing all day? You usually spend Saturdays riding or hanging out with Tooty."
She stopped a few feet from him with her hand behind her back. "Dad, I'm going to ask you to do something and you have to promise you'll say yes."
"How can I say yes to a request like that?"
"You can say yes because you trust me."
Her father studied her face. "Okay, since you put it like that. What do I have to do?"
She pulled her hand from behind her back and shoved the book Dream Kisses at him. "You have to read this."
He took one look at his picture on the cover and went back to brushing Jackal. "I don't want to read it. It wasn't right the way she just up and left."
"Dad, you promised. And I promise you won't be disappointed. You probably don't know this, but Sarah named her characters Tarah and Gage." She let that tidbit of information sink in. "And besides, the way you've been moping around since she left, maybe reading the story will give you closure." Julie thought about how brilliantly she'd worded her request. Now he'd have to read it. She grinned inwardly when he reluctantly accepted the paperback.
* * *
Sage watched Julie walk away and grimaced when he looked at the book. Crap. Now he was curious. Giving Jackal a final pat, he tucked the novel in the waistband of his jeans, grabbed his hat, and headed toward the house.
Dawn's light peeked through his curtains when he read the last page. He finally understood Sarah. At precisely nine o'clock, he was in town and waiting for the library to open. Heading to the bank of computers, he called up the internet and found Mims Murphy's website. He searched her site until he found her schedule.
Two weeks later, he entered the Annual Romance Writers' Convention in San Francisco. According to Mim's website she and several other authors were speaking at the gathering. He located the intricately carved double doors of the auditorium and, inhaling deeply, stepped inside. He was about to turn heads, and he knew it.
The woman at the podium stopped speaking. Behind her, another woman sitting beside Sarah, pointed, and heads in the audience turned. Sage stepped forward until he was in the aisle. A middle aged redhead in an aisle seat shouted, "Oh, my God!" The young blonde beside her gasped and covered her mouth. An elderly lady on the opposite aisle stood and squealed, "It's Gage Garrett from Dream Kisses!" By then, the entire audience had turned to look at him.
Dressed as he had been for the cover of Dream Kisses, he slowly stepped forward, purpose accentuating every footfall. Several women began fanning themselves with their program sheets. He reached the first row and stopped again. Glancing down, he winked at a lady rapidly fanning her pink face with her purple program, and she fell backward against her neighbor.
Returning his gaze to a stunned Mims Murphy alias Sarah Carter alias Tarah Casey, his silence charged the atmosphere. The only sound was the squeak of a chair. Finally, he started to speak and someone shoved a microphone in his hand. He looked at it and shrugged. Lifting it, he said in a deep timbre, 

"Tarah Casey what were you thinking to leave me? I can't sleep, I can't eat, I can't live without you. I'm wasting away, day by day. I no longer possess my heart; it has been stolen by you. I, Gage Garrett, am but a shell of a man without you. I am begging you to return to Liberty Ranch…Lazy M Ranch…and make me whole."

Silence reigned when he finished his memorization of Gage's words from the last chapter of Dream Kisses, with the words, "Lazy M Ranch," added. He now said, "Sarah Carter, because I'm on the cover of your book, I once jokingly asked what I was doing in those pages. I read Dream Kisses and now I know. I was falling in love with you. Will you marry me and have my babies?"
At his words, several women swooned and the convention turned into pandemonium. Sage vaulted onto the stage and Sarah jumped from her chair, running and launching herself into his arms. Sissy Johansen grabbed a microphone and said, "Sarah, I told you he gave you that look."
The audience went wild.
Epilogue

Sage entered the kitchen with a four year old twin under each arm. "I think the two of you need to tell Mommy what you've done."
Sarah glanced at her husband who was trying, but failing, to maintain a stern look. A grin threatened to expose his disciplinary action as being totally faked. She looked from Preston's apprehensive expression to Toby's wide smile.
Sage continued, "Seems our boys were watching Ann decorate the dorm for Julie and Jacob's wedding reception tomorrow and wanted to recreate the crepe paper look in our bedroom…with toilet paper."
"Yeah, Mommy, it's beautiful. We covered everything," Toby said proudly.
"We'll clean it up," Preston offered.
Sarah's mouth gaped.
"What should we do with them, Sarah?"
 Sarah glanced at their sons and then back at Sage. "Um, I think Daddy should demonstrate the art of cleaning up toilet paper." Unable to keep a straight face, she covered her smile with her hand.
Sage set the boys on the floor and pointed in the direction of the bedroom. "You boys start cleaning up the mess while Daddy discusses something important with Mommy."
Grateful for their reprieve the boys ran off. Sarah heard Toby say, "I told you she wouldn't be mad." Preston pushed Toby and Toby pushed back. She looked at Sage and waited to hear what was so important.
He leaned in, "I was thinking that after the wedding we could steal away for a few days and pretend we're on our honeymoon again."
Sarah leaned back. "Oh, so you have to pretend you're on a honeymoon with me? What happened to the real thing?"
Sage didn't miss a beat. "How about we pretend first, and then follow through with the real deal? That way we get to do it twice." He grinned and walked to the door, but turned to look back. "In fact, as soon as our bedroom is free of toilet paper, I'm putting the boys down for a nap. I think it would be a good time to test the waters of pretending versus reality. See which one we like best."
Sarah's heart hammered. "I'll help with the clean up."
Author's Note

Thank you for reading Book One in the Romance on the Ranch Series. After introducing Ann Hackstetter in Dream Kisses, I knew she and Jackson Martinez had to have their own book, Honey Kisses. I adore Jackson, and come to find out, he adores Mrs. Hackstetter. How they come to their happily-ever-after is fraught with heartache, mystery, deception, misunderstandings, and a secret thrown into the mix.
In Baby Kisses, Tooty Townsend is grown up and has her hands full as a single mom trying to make a living and raise her four year old son, Harris. Reclusive author, Miles Brightman, pen name Maxwell Henry, is looking to hire a personal assistant while in Colorado finishing up his latest suspense thriller. Tooty's friend, Sarah Tanner, recommended Tooty for the job and she's swallowing her pride to apply. Her mischievous little boy met Mr. Brightman at her best friend's wedding and asked him if he would become his daddy.
For readers who enjoy the Romance on the Ranch series, I have another series titled Oasis that is also contemporary romance in a western setting. The location for this series is a tiny town in Arizona named Oasis that is inhabited by charming and quirky characters, a little short of "normal."
I have included an excerpt from the first book, Stranded in Oasis. The romantic stars are Maximilian Rutherford III and Pilar Armstrong—utterly mismatched—but destined to fall in love. Stripped of his CEO position and banished to the desert by his grandfather, Max is about to meet his match in feisty Pilar.
The second book, Branded in Oasis, is the romance between Skylar Rutherford (Max's sister) and motorcycle mechanic, Kade Blackwell. If Skylar has her way, she'll turn Kade into the next supermodel. He only goes along with her craziness because he needs money for something very important.

Website: http://www.vernaclay.com/
Email: vernaclay@vernaclay.com

Novels and Novellas by Verna Clay

CONTEMPORARY ROMANCE

Western

Romance on the Ranch Series
Dream Kisses
Honey Kisses
Baby Kisses
Candy Kisses
Christmas Kisses
Rock Star Kisses
Forever Kisses
Forgotten Kisses
Angel Kisses
The Last Kiss

Oasis, Arizona Series
Stranded in Oasis
Branded in Oasis
Crashed in Oasis

Paranormal

Finding SOMEWHERE Series
SOMEWHERE by the Sea
SOMEWHERE to Spend Christmas
SOMEWHERE for a Hero to Hide
SOMEWHERE to Begin Again
SOMEWHERE to Fall in Love

HISTORICAL ROMANCE

Unconventional Series
*Abby: Mail Order Bride
Broken Angel
Ryder's Salvation
Joy's Return
*2014 Gold Medal Winner Readers' Favorite Int'l Book Contest
Historical Romance

Finding Home Series
Cry of the West: Hallie
Rescue on the Rio: Lilah
Missouri Challenge: Daisy

Red Rocks Trilogy: Past Present Future
Healing Woman of the Red Rocks (Past)
Song of the Red Rocks (Present)
Spirit Tree of the Red Rocks (Future)

Journeys of the Heart Novellas
Violet's Vindication
Priscilla's Pride
Samuel's Sacrifice

FANTASY ROMANCE

Shapeling Trilogy
Roth: Protector (Book 1)
Fawn: Master (Book 2)
Davide: Prince (Book 3)

Jazmine

YOUNG ADULT ROMANCE
(Verna Clay writing as Colleen Clay)

Fragile Hearts

AUDIO BOOKS

Abby: Mail Order Bride
Broken Angel
Cry of the West: Hallie
Dream Kisses
Honey Kisses
Baby Kisses
SOMEWHERE by the Sea
SOMEWHERE to Spend Christmas
SOMEWHERE for a Hero to Hide

LARGE PRINT PAPERBACKS

SOMEWHERE by the Sea
SOMEWHERE to Spend Christmas
SOMEWHERE for a Hero to Hide
SOMEWHERE to Begin Again
SOMEWHERE to Fall in Love

Honey Kisses
Romance on the Ranch Series

One: Wedding Day

Pastor Porter boomed, "I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss your bride."
Ann lifted a tissue to blot tears as she watched her only child, Jacob, kiss Julie Tanner, now Julie Hackstetter. Across the aisle, Julie's father and stepmother, Sage and Sarah, lovingly held hands. Sage lifted Sarah's hand to his lips and kissed it.
Pastor Porter asked the newlyweds to face the congregation. To everyone's delight, Jacob sneaked another kiss as the portly pastor loudly announced, "I now present Mr. and Mrs. Hackstetter. Please congratulate our newlyweds in the foyer and then head on over to Lazy M Ranch for the reception. Everyone's invited!"
There was a little crackle over the speaker system and then Shania Twain sang, From this Moment. The happy couple descended the few steps of the chancel platform, followed by Julie's maid of honor, Tooty Townsend, and Jacob's best man, Bobby Joe Banyon. Julie's gown, a simple strapless A-line with lace overlay, matched her easy going personality, and Jacob, in a gray cowboy tux with black vest, looked striking. The pair had insisted on a small wedding, so there were no bridesmaids or groomsmen.
Beaner, a ranch hand from the Lazy M, and now an usher in the wedding, stepped to the first aisle and offered his arm to Ann. She placed her hand in the crook of his elbow. Sarah and Sage stepped into the aisle behind Tooty and Bobby, and Beaner led Ann behind them. The bride and groom waited just outside the entrance to the sanctuary, ready to greet their guests. Ann took a position beside her son, and Sage and Sarah stood next to her.
Mr. and Mrs. Mercer, the parents of Julie's dead mother, and Mr. and Mrs. Carter, Sarah's parents, exited the sanctuary followed by Sarah's sister, Libby, on the arm of another ranch hand, Ned Waldo. Next, Ann's parents, Abby and Bert Baxter, and her grandmother, Molly Baxter, entered the foyer. The old cowpoke, Newt Tucker, escorted Molly, who was talking a mile-a-minute and gesturing with her hands to emphasize her words. He'd craned his bony neck downward so he could hear. Ann grinned at the sight of her granny talking Newt's ear off. Of course, Newt could hold his own in spinning a tale. Between the two of them, they could probably talk nonstop for days.
Ann returned her attention to accepting congratulations from guests and tried to keep her emotions at bay—her son was married. She blinked rapidly, wishing Jerry had lived long enough to see their son wed, and dabbed at her eyes again. Jacob bent and whispered, "You okay, Mom?"
"Oh, yes, Jacob."
He looked into her eyes and read her unspoken thoughts. "I know. I wish he was here, too."
Julie stepped around Jacob and hugged her. "I love you, Mom," she said to her new mother-in-law.
"I love you, too, Julie."
For the next half hour the bride and groom and family members greeted guests. Ann was exchanging pleasantries with Sally Higginbotham, a vocalist in the wedding, when she heard a familiar voice that shifted her heartbeat into triple rhythm. She wanted to look in the direction of the voice, but kept her gaze riveted on Mrs. Higginbotham's red lipstick teeth. She smoothed a hand down her pale green chiffon-over-satin, form fitting dress, with satin bolero jacket, and hoped it didn't make her look too matronly. Sarah and Julie had assured her the color contrasted beautifully with her olive complexion and set off her hazel eyes. She hoped so.
Jackson Martinez continued speaking, "Julie and Jacob, you're a fine looking couple. After you're back from your honeymoon and settled in, I'd sure enjoy your company at the Triple T for dinner."
Jacob responded, "We'd like that, Jackson. By the way, congratulations are in order for you, too, now that you own the Triple T."
"Thanks. Tommy always said he'd give me first dibs if he ever put it up for sale, and when he did, I didn't have to think twice."
Mrs. Higginbotham moved on and Ann chanced a glance upward at Jackson. He was looking at her with a little smile creasing the corners of his mouth. Her face flooded with color. He continued talking to Jacob while still looking at her. "I'll check back in about a month. Give you time to get settled. I'd like you to come too, Annie, if you're still in town."
Ann smiled and nodded; afraid her voice would sound breathless if she spoke.
"Sounds good," said Jacob.
"It's a date," Julie agreed.
Jackson leaned over and kissed Julie's cheek. "You done good, baby girl."
"Thanks, Jackson."
The tall cowboy stepped in front of Ann. "Hello, Annie," he said, low and deep.
"Hello, Jackson. Thank you for coming to the wedding." Stupid thing to say, and damn, you do sound breathless.
His little smile turned into a grin. "I wouldn't have missed it." For a second he just looked at her. "Hey, I like your hair that darker color."
Self consciously, Ann lifted a hand to a soft curl on her shoulder. "Thank you."
"Hello, my name is Pritzy Purvis." A beautiful young blond stepped up beside Jackson and possessively snuggled her hand under his elbow, interrupting the moment. She stuck her other hand out toward Ann."
Ann accepted the woman's gesture. "I'm happy to meet you, Pritzy."
Pritzy said, "How does it feel being the mother of a grown man who has just gotten married?"
"It feels wonderful. And now I have a grown daughter, too."
There was an uneasy silence and then Jackson said, "Well, I guess we'll see you at the reception."
Pritzy gave Ann a sugar-coated smile and then looked up at Jackson, turning it into a sexy one. They moved on and the pastor's plus-sized wife stepped into their position, squeezing Ann in a bear hug that swallowed her in folds of taffeta.
Baby Kisses
Romance on the Ranch Series

One: Not an Airhead

Tooty drove her old Ford Ranger, gray in color under all the oxidation, to the front of Jacob and Julie Hackstetter's cottage. Parking in a cloud of dust, she sat for a minute and tried to calm her nerves. She was about to meet Maxwell Henry—the famous author. Sarah Tanner, Julie's stepmother, had explained his real name was Miles Brightman, and he was staying at the cottage while Julie and Jacob visited Maude and Clyde Hix in Alaska. Tooty had often heard stories about the former employees of the Lazy M Ranch and how they had struck it rich as gold prospectors. Now in their eighties and sixties, with Maude being the older, they still lived in the same cabin they'd built after moving to the wilds years earlier. Tooty understood her friends' desire to spend as much time as possible with the old-timers. They were going to have a blast.
Okay, you've stalled long enough. It's time to get the embarrassing part over.
Tooty bit her thumbnail and still didn't move to open her door. She remembered Miles from Julie and Jacob's wedding reception. He was the guy in the wheelchair. Actually, he was the hot older guy in the wheelchair. Even now, she cringed remembering their encounter. She'd gone in search of her mischievous four-year old and seen him checking out the man's wheelchair. When she'd approached, she'd heard Harris say, "Hi, my name is Harris and, hey, that's a really cool chair. Ya wanna take me for a ride?"
Rushing forward, she hadn't reached Harris in time to stop him from climbing onto the man's lap. The startled expression on the guy's face had said everything. He wasn't used to kids. Besides that, she didn't know how severe his physical challenge was and whether Harris could injure him. When she'd reached to grab her son off his lap, he'd said, "No, leave him." After that, he'd told Harris about his wheelchair and shown him how to operate it, both manually and with battery assistance. Of course, Harris had been fascinated and oblivious to his faux pas of just climbing on the guy's lap. With a mixture of mortification and gratitude, she'd stepped to the sidelines to watch.
The man had finally said, "Well, Harris, looks like your mother is waiting for you, you better hop off now."
That's when Tooty had stepped forward. As she'd bent to help her son down, he'd glanced from her to the man and said, "Hey, I need a daddy. You wanna marry my mommy? Don't you think she's pretty?"
Tooty had looked from her son's innocent brown eyes into the man's Mediterranean blue ones and literally froze. She'd seen his shocked expression and then a slight quirk of his lips, like he was trying not to laugh. Before he could say anything, she'd jerked Harris off his lap. "I'm really sorry. My son just says whatever pops into his mind."
Harris defended himself. "But Mommy, Grammy says it too. She says I need a daddy and you need a man. What's wrong with him?"
"Ah…ah…I'm really sorry." Knowing there was no way to salvage their fiasco, she'd simply walked away carrying Harris. She'd never been so embarrassed in her life. Every cell in her body had felt on fire—even her scalp.
Shaking away the memory and inhaling a calming breath, Tooty forced her hand to the door handle. She was turning scarlet just thinking about meeting Mr. Brightman again, and she had half a mind to flip the ignition key and peel out of the driveway, never looking back. Of course, she wouldn't do that. She needed to earn money, but, more importantly, she'd never forgive herself if she turned down an opportunity to work with a famous author—an author whose every book she'd read at least twice.
* * *
Miles shifted his wheelchair so he could see out the living room window. He watched a young woman step from her battered pickup. So this was the girl with the strange first name Sarah had referred to him. Her dark, strawberry blonde hair looked familiar. When she'd almost reached the porch, recognition slammed him and he groaned. It was the girl from the wedding; the one with the cute, but rascally little boy—the boy who'd ask him to marry his mommy and become his daddy.
Stranded in Oasis
Romance in the Grand Canyon State

One: Reassignment

Veering off the U.S. 93 onto the off-ramp, Maximilian Rutherford III, ground his teeth and slammed his three quarters-of-a-million dollar RV to a halt at a stop sign with graffiti declaring, "hot as hell," and then turned onto a narrow, two lane road with dips that even an outrageously expensive RV couldn't disguise.
The next sign he passed said, "Oasis 12 miles." Staring at distant bluffs encasing flat desert of scrub brush, a scattering of mesquite and juniper trees, and plenty of cacti, he once again spewed a string of profanities at his grandfather.
Up until a week ago he'd considered his relationship with his paternal grandfather, Maximilian Rutherford I—someone he mostly saw only during management meetings because of their busy lifestyles—to be satisfactory.
He'd always called his grandfather by his shortened first name—Max. The old gentleman had never been "Grandpa" or "Gramps" to any of his grandchildren, but that was to be expected from one who ran the multi-faceted, multi-billion dollar Rutherford Acquisitions empire. There simply was no time for family get-togethers when you were globetrotting and looking for your next company to buy, overhaul, and sell to the highest bidder.
Max III, who was supposed to be a chip off the old "grandfather block," scanned the terrain before him. Being the second of June, the weather wasn't outrageously hot…yet. He hated hot weather. Grinding his jaw again, he replayed the unfortunate circumstances that had landed him in the pits of hell in the Arizona desert. Oasis, my ass.
Ten days ago he had been happily—well, maybe not happily, but studiously—performing his job as the interim CEO of their latest acquisition, a company that developed and manufactured computer chips. His job duties with Rutherford Acquisitions involved taking charge and reorganizing the acquired company for the purpose of making it attractive to buyers. It usually took one to two years before the failing corporation made enough of a turnaround to sell for a profit, and that was one reason his grandfather's latest order was so confusing.
He slammed his hand on the steering wheel. Damn the old man! Max had flown all night from the West Coast to the East Coast and the headquarters of his grandfather's vast empire in Manhattan after he'd been summoned. His grandfather's call had come during the first meeting of a week of meetings that had been scheduled with IT moguls—men who were key to launching this latest acquisition back into the marketplace. It had taken Max weeks to set the meetings up and when he'd tried to explain that to his grandfather, the old man had just blown it off and insisted he reschedule because his presence was mandatory in New York.
The minute Max had entered the office of Maximilian Rutherford I, he'd known his grandfather was up to something. Respectfully, he'd greeted his elder, accepted a shot of bourbon, and declined a cigar. While the old guy puffed away and talked about his latest success in the stock market, Max waited to hear what his gut feeling told him he wasn't going to like.
He didn’t have to wait long.
Max, Sr. set his cigar in his crystal ashtray, sipped his bourbon, casually leaned backward, and said, "I'm reassigning you."
Frowning, Max had leaned forward. "But sir, I'm about to close a deal that will skyrocket the value of the company in California."
The old man made a dismissive motion with his hand. "Your stepbrother can handle it. I've already reassigned him to the project."
Max shot halfway out of his seat. "What! Without even consulting me!"
Unfazed by his grandson's shout, Max, Sr. said in his most commanding voice, "Sit down, Max."
Max could feel his blood pressure rising as he sat back in his chair.
Max, Sr. stood and walked to the bank of windows overlooking Manhattan sixty-three stories below. Without explanation, he said, "As tough and mean as I am, I'll not live forever. I've been reviewing my will with my attorney and before I make final decisions as to the disposition of my company and assets after my demise, I need to know the tenacity of my heirs."
Those words gave Max pause. Was the old man dying of some disease?
Max, Sr. turned from the windows and answered his grandson's unspoken question. "No. I don't have any dreaded ailment as far as I know. But I do have a driving ambition to know what my heirs are made of. My only child, God rest his soul, wasn't cut from the same cloth as you or I. He was a tree hugger who would have driven this company into bankruptcy had he lived and inherited my estate. He wanted to support every whiney cause that crossed his desk."
Max, Sr. seemed lost in his memories and Max's wrath softened. The old man continued, "It was one of those causes that took his life. He drowned fording a river in the Amazon while heading up an expedition to save some rare bird." He shook his head.
Max had heard the story a million times, but he didn't interrupt his grandfather. As much as the old man bitched about his son's "do-gooder" ways, it was obvious he'd loved his boy. Max waited for his own fate to be revealed. He wasn't like his father. He was tough as nails, so the reason for being pulled from his latest assignment, when he was so close to success, irked and puzzled him.
Max, Sr. turned back to the bank of windows. After a moment of silence, he said, "Don't take your next assignment lightly. It will determine whether I hand the reins of my company over to you after I'm gone, or give it to your step-brother, Bertram."
At the mention of Bertram, Max's anger renewed itself. Two years older than Max, the man was an ass-and-a-half. Bertie could play the part of a loving grandson when in the presence of Max, Sr., but he was a thorn to Max. Max rued the day his mother had remarried to an oil magnate four years after Max II died. Bertie's father had later lost his wealth due to wrong decisions and died of a heart attack when Max was twenty.
Max, Sr. spoke again and his words sent an arrow of foreboding down Max's spine. "I'm sending you to Arizona for six months."
"What the hell is in Arizona?"
Max, Sr. turned from the window and studied his grandson. Quietly, he said, "The keys to your fate, boy."
Max squinted and waited. He supposed he could deal with six months in Phoenix. He wondered what acquisition his grandfather had purchased there.
His grandfather's next words shattered his vision of working from a high rise in the capital city.
Max, Sr. walked back to his desk, opened a drawer, and pulled out a paper. He handed it across the desk and Max reached for it. His grandfather said, "This is where you'll be staying in the town of Oasis, about fifty miles northwest of Phoenix."
Max's frown increased as he accepted the page that had been printed off a website with the internet address of desertprincess.com. He furrowed his brow and read the page. Was this some kind of a joke? It was an advertisement for a trailer park.

Spend your winters at Desert Princess Trailer and RV Park in beautiful Oasis, Arizona.

Max lifted confused eyes to his grandfather's. "What are you telling me?" he asked.
"I'm telling you that you're going to manage that trailer park for six months and it will decide your future with my company."
Max, who oversaw billion dollar investments and hobnobbed with the most influential personalities in the world, couldn't wrap his mind around his grandfather's instructions. He simply looked from the printout with a picture of an assortment of trailers and RVs parked in rows amidst desert sand dotted with cacti, a few scraggly trees and scrub brush, back to his grandfather. The old man reached to push a button on his intercom. "Peggy, when's my next appointment and who is it with?"
Peggy, Max's secretary since the creation of man, who looked to be that old, said in her no-nonsense voice, "You have a three-thirty with the governor of South Carolina."
Max, Sr. stood. "Son, it's nice seeing you, but I've got some research to catch up on before meeting with the governor. He's looking for assistance with their transportation issues and I may have just the company to fit the bill."
Max, Jr. couldn't make his legs move. Softly, he said, "Sir, you're joking, right? You're not really sending me to oversee a trailer park?" He even managed a chuckle.
His grandfather, looking completely serious, replied, "What part of 'head off to Arizona' don't you understand?"


