
Driscoll's Lady
by Paula Freda
Story and Bookcover © 2005
cover illustration - author's personal photos (1981)
by Dorothy Paula Freda
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved
This is a work of fiction, names, characters, places and incidents are a product of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental.

DEDICATION

      With thanks to the Mother of my Lord Jesus Christ, whose strength, guidance, and her Holy Rosary are my anchor in this troubled world, I dedicate this novella to my dear writing soul mate and friend, Ruth Ann Nordin, for reawakening in me through her wonderful books the urge to write again.  Paula Freda  

CHAPTER ONE

Vast pastures shading to soft fawn
Snowcapped mountains shrouded
in pale blue mist
Lush grassland, buttes and
rising hills
Blue skies and candy mountains
Driscoll’s Lady cow punching?

"Impossible. It will never work! Would he — ?" Leatrice whispered as she gazed down upon the confluence of rock, land and water that was Three Forks. Her waist-length quilted jacket was buttoned to the collar against the wintry November morning. Heavy denims hugged her hips. Her feet encased in leather boots were set slightly apart and firmly on the ground. She tapped a dry twig absently against her denimed leg. She was determined to accomplish the impossible. Over-head, wisps of white clouds dotted the expanse of pale blue sky. Below, the cold waters of the Gallatin, Madison and Jefferson Rivers, frosted with snowy white sunlight, wove and interwove, converging to give birth to the Missouri River in Montana. Leatrice flung the dry twig aside. A dozen paces behind her, her horse waited, tethered to a young conifer. As he saw her approaching, the red-gold stallion tugged at the reins and when they held, he snorted.
“Come on, Jasper,” Leatrice said, untying her horse, “I have a mountain to scale.” Bringing the freed reins about his neck and grasping the saddle horn, she mounted the quarter stallion. She rode quickly back to her ranch, the Bar LB, and headed straight for her study.
Heels thudding resolutely, she crossed the wood floor to her desk set luxuriously in front of a pair of French doors. She removed her jacket and loosened the black ribbon tied into a bow below the collar of her white silk shirt. Riding roughshod over a momentary hesitation, she dialed the Triple R.
An elderly man’s voice answered.
Leatrice spoke, “Binney, get Driscoll, and tell him he’d better talk to me, unless he’d rather I send the sheriff over with an eviction notice.”
A moment of silence, then retreating footsteps. Leatrice’s hand holding the receiver was sweating. The muscles in her stomach contracted when a voice, gritty as powdered pumice, cut through the earpiece. “What do you want this time, Lee?” Leatrice told her pride to go to Hades. “Didn’t Binney tell you what I said?” She tried to imagine the expression on the rough-hewn features of the tall, broad-shouldered rancher, square-jawed and sandy-haired.
“No. Just that you’d made some horn-bustin’ threat and I’d better get my tail on in here.”
Feeling her courage threatening to wane, she squared her shoulders. “Seth Driscoll, you don’t legally own the Triple R. On the strength of a rumor, I had my lawyer investigate the courthouse records. Seth, your land belongs to me.” The silence on the other end was deafening.
“What in tarnation are you talking about?”
“Bessenger from whom you purchased the Triple R forged his ownership papers. The land comprising the Triple R was originally part of the Bar LB, my ranch. Kenneth Halstrom, the previous owner of the Bar LB, never sold Bessenger the five thousand acres that comprise the Triple R today. Whatever his reasons, he allowed Bessenger to occupy the land. When you bought the spread fifteen years ago from Bessenger, Halstrom kept quiet about the forged deed. But the fact remains that there never was a legal transfer of property between the two, and the Triple R is still a division of the Bar LB, my cattle ranch.”
“Lee, if this is another one of your tricks — “
“My lawyer has obtained all the written proof I need and the Sheriff will be advised within the hour if you don’t agree to meet with me and talk terms. Believe me, Seth, I don’t want to take your land away. I know how hard you’ve struggled to keep it. Come up to the ranch. I have a solution.”
“In a day or two,” Seth replied dryly. “I’ve got some investi-gating of my own to do. If what you say is true, we’ll talk. In the meantime, stay clear of the Triple R.” The phone at the other end slammed shut.
Slowly Leatrice replaced the receiver. Am I insane, she wondered? Yet I know that he loves me, by his own admission. She felt weary and in need of time to think. She left the study and went upstairs to her bedroom.
She had purchased the ranch a year ago and upon moving into the main house had lavished a small fortune redecorating, adorning it with elegant, thickset dark furniture. The product of conservative, loving and very rich parents, Leatrice had spent most of her years in their restored Federal mansion in the Hudson River Valley. Educated in the best schools, the best clothes and everything she could want at her beck and call, she was despite all this, bored.
Traveling somewhat relieved the boredom. It was while exploring the stupendous country of Montana surrounding the dude ranch at which she was staying, that she and her horse became lost. Tired and thirsty, they wandered upon the Triple R. The owner of the Triple R, Seth Driscoll, offered her his hospitality. She liked what she saw and asked if she might stay on as a paying guest.
Leatrice was a realist. She had never believed in love at first sight. But the moment she came face to face with her tall rugged host, she learned that it was possible. Call it a case of opposites attract, or finding a real man, earthy and basic, basic to the untamed country about him, Leatrice was at a loss to halt the yearning that overwhelmed her. Never before denied, she used every one of her feminine wiles to lure the tough Montanan under her spell. Used to men fawning over her — her looks, her grace, her wealth, and the added prospect of her eventual inheritance, she expected no less. But Seth appeared oblivious to her charms and her riches.
Then one afternoon as they strolled along a path cloaked in Engelman spruce, simply talking  —  it was so easy to talk to Seth, to tell him of the wealth and the accompanying boredom, of the suitors and the identical boredom they evoked — Seth, without preamble, suddenly took her in his arms. He studied her face. For a moment she read such ardor        in his expression that her heart hammered and she closed her eyes and offered her lips for a kiss. He pushed her away. She gazed at him wide-eyed. The expression in his eyes, grey-green like the sagebrush that abounded in the plains, was as bitter as the shrub.
“Stay away from me, Lee. You’re a rich spoiled Easterner, used to getting your kicks upon demand. Well you haven’t failed with me. I don’t think I’ve ever wanted a woman as much as I want you at this moment, but I’m not a fool either. I’ve no intention of joining your long list of admirers.
Stunned, Leatrice pleaded, “No, you don’t understand. You’re wrong.” She was rich, even spoiled, but not selfish, not oblivious to those in need. And she admired him, and cared, so much that she would willingly give up every penny of her wealth if he would look past that wealth and see the woman within. “It’s not like that — not with you,” she entreated, following him as he strode away, cold and contemptuous. “Seth, wait,” she cried. He was not a cruel man. She could never love someone cruel. He turned and waited for her to catch up to him. She was crying and she couldn’t remember the last time her composure had so disrupted. “Seth, I’m not that kind of woman. Please, give me a chance to prove myself. I’m in love with you.”
Some of the coldness in his expression warmed. His hand reached out to wipe away the tears streaming down her cheeks. “All right, Lee, I believe you. My life is the opposite of yours. No doubt, that intrigues you. And you do me proud that someone as refined and beautiful as you would want someone as gritty as me. For a while we might make a go of it. But a few months as a horse rancher’s wife, a poor one at that, would bring you to your senses. When I choose my woman she’ll be Montanan born and bred, and she’ll love the land and the ranch as much as she loves me.” His tone was gentle as he told her, “Go home, Leatrice, to your parents’ beautiful mansion, to your admirers and the parties and the trips abroad. You won’t find what you’re looking for here.”
She returned to New York, hurting inside, and hiding the loneliness. But Seth Driscoll’s rustic features haunted her dreams. The yearning to be near him, to feel his arms about her, to be allowed to love him, tormented her without end. There was no help for it. Her fiercely dominant personality refused to accept defeat. She returned to Montana, determined to learn about the land and the rearing of horses, to become the woman Seth could permit himself to love. She bought the Bar LB and became Driscoll’s neighbor. But nothing she accomplished changed his opinion of her. Seth tolerated her visits to the Triple R. She used the pretext of seeking advice on running the Bar LB; she was after all his neighbor. Seth remained civil to her but also aloof, except for those occasional times when she caught him watching her. He still wanted her. She knew that look; she had seen it before. They were at an impasse, until a few days ago. The cowhands had returned from a cattle round up and were in the bunkhouse drinking beer; restraint was loose. Leatrice often enjoyed a walk before dinner. The shutters to the windows of the bunkhouse were open. As Leatrice passed by, she overheard two of the men repeating a rumor regarding the Triple R. What she heard gave her the leverage she needed. She would play this last card, by hook or crook, and if she succeeded, it would grant her the last opportunity to prove or disprove to Seth Driscoll that she was woman enough for him to love.
Three days passed before Seth finally telephoned her. Fury edged his subdued tone. His words were short and to the point. “All right, Lee. You hold all the aces. When do we meet?”
“My study, this afternoon,” Leatrice replied quickly. Her hand holding the telephone shook.

CHAPTER TWO

Tanner, the Foreman of the Bar LB, buzzed Leatrice on       the intercom. “Miss Meredith, ma’am, Driscoll’s here.”
In her bedroom, Leatrice flicked on the reply switch. “Have him wait in the study, she ordered. “Oh, and break out a bottle of — " “Cut the social graces, Lee, and get down here.” Seth’s voice came through grindingly loud and sharp.
Leatrice eyed the intercom as though it was made of flesh and blood. Seth was angry. Well he was going to be angrier. But she was counting on his anger, and his stubborn streak, to see her plan realized. She meant to attempt the impossible, the ludicrous and the incredible. Seth Driscoll was no irresponsible, impulsive youth. He was a man nearing his fortieth birthday. He would not easily discard his property — her property — and the years of backbreaking, hard-riding work he had lavished upon it. He would accept her solution.
At the landing at the bottom of the stairs Leatrice paused. The door to her study was open. Seth Driscoll stood waiting, turned slightly toward the French doors. His sandy-colored hair was ruffled as though he had run a nervous hand through it. His grey-green eyes were pensive and fixed on the outline of snowcapped mountains in the distance. His lips were pressed together, his square jaw tight, raised as if in anticipation not to his liking. The front of his lambskin shearling coat was open, revealing a wide, trunk neck above the plaid shirt that was tucked-in haphazardly into his heavyweight denims, as though he’d dressed more for comfort and necessity than looks. He held his battered Stetson at his side, the curled brim clenched tightly in his large, sun-tanned fist. His feet in heavy dusty riding boots were set slightly apart as if at any moment he might open the French doors and stride out.
But it was not the vast pastures shading to soft fawn with the coming of winter, or the snowcapped mountains shrouded in pale blue mist that Seth Driscoll saw as he gazed out the French doors, but the records at the courthouse proving Leatrice’s claim. The present clerk could find no copy of a bill of sale from the previous owner of the Bar LB for the five thousand acres known as the Triple R Division. The deed Seth and his lawyer had accepted from Bessenger as valid at the time of the sale had been forged. Everything he had worked for, his security for the future, his one hold on life, had all been for nothing.
Bessenger had died two years ago, and the courthouse clerk who had abetted him in the illegal transfer had quit the Montana country long ago, neglecting to leave a forwarding address. Seth’s brow furrowed. Upstairs that scheming she-devil must be congratulating herself for having dropped the ground from under him.
Seth loved the land he rode daily, as his father had loved it before him. Calvin Driscoll had harbored one real ambition; to afford a spread he could call his own on which to breed horses and work cattle. He had spent his life cowpunching on other men’s ranches, never to fulfill his ambition. Seth watched his father grow old and disillusioned, and finally die along with his dream, his hopes withered. After his father’s death, Seth scraped and saved from the pittance paid for cattle doctorin’ and punchin’, fixin’ fences, and occasionally rodeoing, and he achieved his goal. He bought the Triple R, five thousand acres of lush grassland, buttes and rising hills. He began with four broodmares and a stallion. Fifteen years later his horse count numbered in the hundreds, pure breed quarter horses that cattle ranchers who could not afford to raise their own remudas for rounding up cattle, or simply horsemen in need of sturdy steeds, bought at top dollar and praised highly.
A tingling sensation in the nape of his neck made him turn. Leatrice had entered the room. It was the same each time he saw her, the gut feeling that he wanted her. He had to pull hard on the reins to keep from succumbing. She was too tall for a woman, too broad of shoulder, too intelligent and shrewd, too rich and used to getting her own way, too presumptuous and arrogant for a female according to his book. A usurper, a schemer, an Easterner coming to his country a year and a half-ago not knowing a heifer from a steer, or a stallion from a gelding.
He was glad of the added height nature had bequeath him. It gave him the advantage of looking down at Leatrice, of being able to withstand the rock hardness, the authoritative and indomitable pull of those blue eyes. They would fell a lesser man. Alone in the study, Seth and Leatrice faced each other, neither sure of where to begin.
The phone rang breaking the silence. Leatrice turned off the ringer. “May I offer you some refreshment?” she asked.
Seth shook his head. “Lee, let’s get down to business. The Triple R is legally yours. I don’t have enough assets to buy the ranch back outright, but I can raise a sizable down payment and mortgage the rest.”
“I’m not selling the Triple R, not yet,” Leatrice said.
Mildly surprised, Seth searched her face. What was she up to? “I’m not selling, not yet, but I do have a solution. You might not like it; in fact, you’ll probably think I’m crazy, but I’d consider well before walking out of my life and the Triple R forever.”
“Out of your life,” Seth murmured. “Then this solution has something to do with you and me personally?
“Yes,” Leatrice said, her color heightening. “I’m not going to bandy words or make excuses. For a long time both of us have known how we feel about each other. If I were Montanan born and bred, I’d be Mrs. Driscoll by now. This past year I have tried to prove myself to you, but with only occasional visits to your ranch, with you fighting your feelings for me every step of the way, nothing much has come of my attempts. I have one last card to play.” She met his gaze and almost staggered under its intensity. “It’s my last card, I promise.” His gaze had her riveted and her courage threatened to falter. “Go on, Leatrice, play your last card.”
At least he hadn’t denied his feelings for her. That was all he had to do, and she would have signed the Triple R back over to him right on the spot. By asking her to play her last card, he’d proved her diagnosis correct.
Leatrice said nervously, “All right. I’ll give you back the Triple R, and I’ll throw in the Bar LB at one quarter of its cost, if you will permit me to stay one year under your roof, so that we can have time together, time for you to learn about the real me, not the fancy clothes and the refined manners, but the girl inside desperately in love with you.” For the first time since she had entered the room, his expression softened. She felt encouraged. “I’ll pay you the same fee you’d charge a tourist, like the Sweeneys who rent cabins for the summer. And perhaps you could find some work for me to do so I could make myself useful and—"
 “And not be bored,” he finished for her.
“No, that’s not what I was going to say.” What she intended saying was …and prove that I am as good as any woman born and bred in your country. All at once Seth looked tired. “Leatrice I think you are crazy, but you’re not the first woman to do something unorthodox in the name of love. The Triple R means too much to me to lose it in the name of pride. I agree to your terms, but only on condition that you let me buy it back, as I offered before.”
“At the end of the agreed upon year, along with the Bar LB,” Leatrice emphasized. “In fact, I want you to run the Bar LB while I stay at the Triple R.” Leatrice knew the offer was irresistible. Not in his wildest dreams could Seth have imagined owning a cattle ranch the size of the Bar LB, along with the Triple R, on his limited resources. What man in his right mind could refuse? She waited for a reply. Seth hesitated. He appeared to be struggling with his thoughts. Finally he nodded.
“I’ll call my lawyer.”
“No, no written agreements, no lawyers. Just a gentleman’s word.”
“Just a gentleman’s word,” Seth repeated. “I certainly have been one.” He clapped the battered Stetson on his head, adjusted it, tilting the brim slightly at an angle. “Lee, if that’s all, I’ve got a horse ranch to tend to.” He sounded weary. “Move in when you like.” Halfway out of the study, he turned. A corner of his mouth went up and an almost humorous expression entered his eyes. “Coincidentally, my housekeeper is leaving at the end of the week. Her son is returning from a stint in the Army. Want to give the job a try?”
Leatrice practically glowed. “Yes, yes I do.”
“Can you cook?”
“I studied in Paris.”
“I should have guessed,” he said. “Well, leave the expensive dresses and jewelry at the Bar LB and bring some work clothes. You’ll need them.” He turned and walked out of the study.
Leatrice listened to the clack of his boots as he crossed the foyer and went out the front door. She strode to the French doors and focused on the mountains Seth had been watching. They reminded her of her favorite candy, Snowcaps. She suddenly felt cold and hugged herself. Who was she after all, to be playing with Seth’s life? What pompous arrogance gave her the right to imagine she could win him over, body and soul, by her mere presence in his home? The glass panes in front of her glinted with sunlight. The pale golden rays touched her diamonded earrings and cuff links causing them to shimmer and sparkle. She felt even colder, and shuddered, not knowing what the future held. She wanted Seth to accept her; she wanted the right to spend the rest of her life at his side.

CHAPTER THREE

Everything in the Meredith’s residence, a restored Federal mansion, including the servants, glinted with cleanliness, crispness, dignity and antiquity. The Merediths, themselves, exemplified these qualities as they sat opposite each other on pink Chippendale sofas, with a Sheraton table between them. Mr. Meredith, elegant in a gray suit of the finest tailoring, inquired, “What do you think, Beth? Has our daughter found herself a beau at last? Mrs. Meredith chuckled light-heartedly. “I’m inclined to think so. And from her description of his character, I’m inclined to like him.
Mr. Meredith had his doubts. “They’re both proud and stubborn. They’ll clash.” Beth placed her cup of tea on the table, careful not to spill any on her white silk robe.
“Now, Thomas, she’s a grown woman, and ever since she reached the age of reason, no fool. We’ll have to trust her judgment.”
“Love can cloud the mind. Do you remember?” he added, alluding to a memory they privately shared — a warm memory.  His thin lips spread into a smile and his chunky cheeks and broad nose colored. His light blue eyes crinkled, shooting fine lines across his temples and ample forehead.
Beth contemplated his thinning hair. She would miss its supple waviness.
“Exactly,” she remarked.
Like his wife, Thomas Meredith was tall and statuesque. He had played football in college, had toyed with the idea of going professional, but in the end the family estate and his father’s brokerage firm had appealed to him as the more sensible career. He had met Beth under most unpoetical circumstances — a broken leg after being tackled. The medical team had carried him off the field in a stretcher, past the bleacher on which Beth sat. Never in his young life had he gazed upon such perfect airbrushed beauty. Never had he encountered such clear, expressive eyes, a soft hazel. Her exquisite oval face was filled with sympathy and concern.
As soon as he healed and returned to class, he began searching for her. Lucky for him, Beth was a student at the college he attended. She was a freshman, and the daughter of a prominent citizen in the community. He wasted no time setting about wooing Beth and making her his own.
Thirty-five years of marriage had not dampened their love for each other. Rather the original fervor had amplified, become more meaningful, surviving and expanding the physical passion, while the shared joys and sorrows melded their spirits and minds. They had been granted one child, Leatrice, a self-willed, blue-eyed beguiling siren. They had given her everything money could buy, and everything that money could not buy — their love and devotion. Leatrice had returned that love and devotion, done her best to please them, excelling in her studies, her beauty and good manners. Only one thing they had been unable to provide her. A good man. With the many suitors who vied for her affections from her teen years onward, Leatrice found fault with each one. What was she looking for, Thomas often puzzled.
“Dearest, you seem worried,” Beth said.
“I am worried.”
Beth stood up and walked around the table to sit at her husband’s side. She placed delicately lined fingers upon his large, age-spotted hand. “Thomas, I think our daughter is in love.”
Mr. Meredith agreed. “We’ll stand by in case she needs us.” Early that evening Mrs. Meredith took out her personal directory and entered Leatrice’s new address and telephone number where she could be reached for the next twelve months.

CHAPTER FOUR

Leatrice rested her chin on top of the mop stick in her hands. Beads of sweat hung on her forehead. Her hair, along with the remainder of her, and the red plaid shirt and blue jeans she wore, was soaked with perspiration.
How could Seth Driscoll live this way, she wondered? Black patches glowered up at her where the red and white linoleum had cracked and peeled from age and wear, and mocked her efforts to clean it. Seth kept his stalls and paddocks meticulously clean, his fences constantly repaired, and his tack equipment routinely checked and updated. He was scrupulous about his personal hygiene, yet he showed a minimum of concern for his home.
Of the four rooms in his wood framed one-story house, the kitchen was the worst. The plaster walls were cracked and peeling, and faded to a sickly lime green. The cabinets were thick with repeated coats of white enamel. In several spots the numerous coats of paint were wrinkled and ridged, and one could glimpse the original rusted metal beneath.
Except for a small electric broiler, the appliances in the room were at least forty years old, the cast iron wood burning stove much older. The white exterior of the refrigerator had long since yellowed and bore innumerable scratches. And the shape of the thing! It had rounded corners. Leatrice eyed the appliance malevolently. She had come to the conclusion that the freezer must have automatic frosting, because weekly she had to pick-and-shovel the ice out.
The sink, or rather a kitchen tub, was as ancient. She lifted the mop and dunked its coarse roped hair in the soapy water, swished it about, then twisted the roped hair until it reminded her of decaying hay. She put the mop out to dry, closing the back door soundly in protest.
Once again she noted her hands and groaned as she held them up for inspection. Three weeks as Driscoll’s housekeeper and not one of her fingernails remained intact. Her hands were a mess. She had tried rubber gloves, but found them a nuisance. She hated the feeling of her fingers confined in the rubber. Now her hands once smooth and silky were red and dry, palms rough with calluses forming, cuticles frayed and fingernails chipped and broken.
She touched her face. A thin layer of dust soaked in her sweat covered it. Between the dust, dirt and perspiration, makeup was useless, and by nightfall she was too exhausted to contemplate applying it, especially after hearing Seth express his dislike of painted faces.
The hours were murder. Up at five a.m. to cook breakfast, a large breakfast, Seth had a healthy appetite, and dinner at six in the evening. Would he ever forget the first meal she cooked for him? Minus a toaster, she used the small broiler to toast four pieces of bread. The requested sunny-side up eggs cooked to an elaborate elasticized plastic inside the old iron pan on the wood burning stove which she was certain had belonged to Seth’s grandmother. In the meantime, because her attention was tied up with the eggs, the toast burned to a crispy, crunchy black, and the coffee boiled over in the aluminum pot, spluttering brown liquid and grains to sizzle merrily over the burner and stovetop.
Her generous offer to update his kitchen was met with a flat refusal. Not a very good beginning, she reflected, freeing a potholder from its hook and using it to grasp the heated handle of the coffeepot perking on the stove. But her next meals had been decided improvements.
Leatrice poured herself a cup of coffee. She liked it strong and black. Seth liked a teaspoonful of sugar to take away the bitterness.
She sat at the metal-topped table and watched the hot vapor rise from her cup and evaporate while the coffee cooled to a drinkable temperature. She was determined to prove to Seth that she was as good as any Montanan-bred woman. This was not a case of unrequited love. Seth had been attracted to her from the day they had first met, and he’d told her so more than once. But he’d also told her that the girl with whom he chose to spend his life, must be born and bred in his country — country is what he called Montana, his native homeland.
Another hour and Seth was due home for supper. Leatrice had steaks in the fridge ready for broiling and potatoes set out for peeling, cutting and frying. Earlier she had prepared a salad. In a corner of the kitchen counter was deep dark-crusted apple pie and homemade bread in a straw basket under a checkered dishcloth that Linda, a local girl who regularly cooked for the ranch hands, had brought over in the morning. Linda, always Linda. Indispensable Linda. Helpful Linda. Always-on-hand Linda. It would be nice not to owe Linda so much. Linda made few, if any mistakes. Seth had commented he was lucky the former housekeeper had recommended he hire her to cook for his men.
The knob on the back door jiggled and a sturdy, yet soft feminine voice, appropriate for the country girl to whom it belonged, asked, “Lee, may I come in. Got something for you.”
“Come in,” Leatrice answered.
Linda entered flourishing a plastic canister. “Just finished baking some cookies and thought Seth and you might like some.”
“Thank you.” Leatrice seemed to be constantly thanking her. “Would you like some coffee?” she asked and wondered why she had.
Linda smiled. “Yes, love some.”
Leatrice placed the canister of cookies next to the homemade bread and fetched the sugar bowl and another cup from a cabinet above the counter, and set them before Linda who had seated herself at the table.
“Help yourself,” Leatrice said. She took the creamer out of the refrigerator and set that before Linda as well.
Linda bent forward to pour herself a cup of coffee. Leatrice noted again the girl’s light brown hair, bleached where the sun had toyed with it the longest. Her skin was tanned and healthy, and there was a muted blush to her small-boned cheeks. Her lips needed no tint. They were a natural, almost bright red. Linda was twenty years old, slim as a reed, and quick and tireless.
Leatrice envied her. “Mind if I peel the potatoes while you drink your coffee?” she asked. “I’m slow and Seth likes his supper ready and waiting.” Linda shook her head, smiling. “Of course, not. By the way, planning on going back east for Christmas?”
“I hadn’t thought of it,” Leatrice said, starting awkwardly on a large potato.
“Here, let me help you,” Linda offered.
“No. No thank you.”
It had snowed last week. The vast pastures, the sloping ridges, the black buttes, the massive grey mountains, the spruce and fir and cottonwood, were all mantled in white.
At her parents’ home in the Hudson River Valley, the Christmas tree would already be raised, trimmed and lighted. Silver and gold balls and small silk angels with white fleece wings would have been added to the tree, with tinsel draped over the branches, and the stardust sprinkled, and imitation snow sprayed generously, all to the edification of Leatrice’s parents, her relatives and the large staff employed at the Merediths’ mansion.
“I’ll have to talk to Seth about his plans for the Holidays,” Leatrice said. “I’m starved for some R&R.” There was no television at the Triple R. The newspaper, thankfully, came with the post each day. It was Leatrice’s responsibility each morning to drive the pickup three miles to the mailbox.
A radio as old as the refrigerator graced another corner of the kitchen counter, and in the parlor a suitcase sized phonograph that played 78s, 45s and 33s, was the main attraction, after the camelback flowered couch.
“The Star Wars Trilogy is playing at the Rimrock, and the Silver Saddle Restaurant may be more of what you’re used to — gourmet food, carpeting, fancy woodwork. Saturday nights they also have entertainment and dancing,” Linda told her, smiling. She had a beautiful mouth, teeth straight and white, but Leatrice was sure she’d spotted a pair of fangs.
“Carpeting and fancy woodwork, hmmm,” Leatrice remarked casually. She thought of the flauntingly luxurious dining rooms that were the norm for her. “I’ll keep it in mind.” She found it difficult to keep her tone free of sarcasm. “Well, I have my own supper to start,” Linda said, getting to her feet. “And twelve hungry men wanting it ready and waiting. I’ll see you in the morning.” “Oh, goody,” Leatrice grumbled under her breath to the girl’s retreating back. An hour later Seth arrived home and came straight into the kitchen. His jaw was covered with a day’s growth of sand colored bristle. He smelled and looked tired as he shed his shearling coat and Stetson and hung them on the hooks near the back door. “You look worn out,” Leatrice greeted.
Seth pulled out a chair and dropped into it. “I am.” His broad shoulders sagged and he closed his eyes, leaning back and rubbing the back of his neck. “A good meal and some rest will help you feel better.” She took the steaks out of the broiler and served Seth and herself dinner.
They ate mostly in silence, both exhausted from their day’s chores. Over coffee, Seth asked, “Think you could lend a hand tomorrow spreading feed over the north pasture?”
Leatrice put her cup down. She wouldn’t mind at all if she weren’t so tired. Anything to get her out of the house and into the fresh air.
Seth explained, “I’ll just need you to drive the truck while I dispense the bales of hay.” Her momentary hesitation hadn’t escaped him.
It had not taken Seth long after Leatrice assumed her duties as his housekeeper to discover how little she actually knew about ranching. Despite the year she’d operated the Bar LB, her knowledge of ranching was limited to approving, selling and buying. Her foreman, Tanner, and the men under him, were the Bar LB’s real operators. Seth was now in charge of both ranches. Occasionally his ego balked, but he had no intention of letting foolish pride cause him to lose the Triple R and the fifteen years of backbreaking labor he’d invested in the horse ranch, nor the excellent reputation as a breeder of the finest horses he’d earned over the years. Besides, he was certain that long before the year was over, Leatrice would tire of the work and lose interest in her obsession to prove herself in his eyes. He was the one man she could not have. Yet he couldn’t deny to himself that from day one she’d cast a spell over him that continued to hold him captive. He was lucky she didn’t realize how difficult it was for him not to make love to her.
“How did your day go?” Leatrice asked. Seth was glad of the distraction.
“We had to doctor a bull. He had himself a taste of locoweed this past summer. Practically tore his eyes out and came close to decapitating himself when he charged the fence.
“Barbed wire is a cruel restraint,” Leatrice remarked.
“Nevertheless, it does its job. We run stock, not pets. Maybe I should take you to the local slaughterhouse. You could stand a little reality.”
“Reality! What do you call this?” Leatrice held up her hands. “They’re a wreck. And I’ve acquired a permanent kink in my back, and calluses on my knees.”
“Woman, for what you engineered, I ought to set you to pitching manure out of the cow barn and pig shed, for fertilizer, and cleaning the stables regularly.” Leatrice’s face registered shock and revulsion.
“I suppose you think I’m being cruel, in retaliation for your jerking the ground clear from under me,” Seth argued. “Well, surprisingly, I’m not. What did you think being a poor rancher’s wife was like? I saw my mother pile animal droppings for months on end, until they looked like dark brown buttes. And darn proud of her manure piles she was, even if the animals weren’t hers. But her labors meant an added paycheck to help Dad. No matter if her eyes watered and burned from the powerful stench, or her back hurt so bad, I can’t remember her ever standing fully upright.”
Leatrice refrained from voicing her thought that in her case, if he married her, he wouldn’t be a poor rancher. She did not want to antagonize him. If he should take it into his head to set her those tasks, her determination to prove she deserved his love would force her to carry them out.
“How about some apple pie,” she offered, opting to change the subject.
“Okay.” He poured himself a second cup of coffee. “You’ve learned to brew a powerful pot of coffee,” he admitted, already regretting his harsh words of a moment ago. He was not a sadist; he did not like hurting her feelings. It wasn’t her fault she was born in the east, and pampered and spoiled all her life. She was trying very hard. And it showed. His home was neat and clean, his clothes washed and neatly folded and put away in the bureau in his bedroom. Her efforts at cooking were improving daily. He sometimes wondered what she’d learned in Paris. Actually, he hadn’t expected her to last this long. But the year had hardly begun.
Leatrice watched him demolish three quarters of the apple pie. He left the last quarter for her. No need to tell him who baked the pie. By now he’d guessed it was Linda. “Linda brought over some cookies,” Leatrice said flatly. The annoyance in her voice was there for anyone to hear.
“She’s only trying to help. What do you have against her?”
“She’s in love with you.” There, she’d finally said it. But having said it, she had no wish to start an argument. “If you’ll excuse me, I’ll finish up in the morning. I’m going to bed.” Without waiting for his reaction to her comment about Linda, she left the kitchen.

Very early the next morning, Seth went out to the barn and milked Bessie the cow. By the time he returned with a bucket of milk, Leatrice had fresh coffee brewing, eggs poaching in fresh cream, and Linda’s homemade bread warming in the oven. They ate and Seth explained he would load the trailer with the bales of hay while she cleaned up in the kitchen and dressed. With her along, he would drive to the north pasture and it would be her job to drive slowly while he threw bales of hay over the side onto the snow. “Stay alert,” he warned her. “Don’t run over cattle that might wander near the wheels. Listen to my instructions as to which direction to drive. We’ll break for lunch, pick up more hay at the Bar LB, and finish the job in the afternoon.”
“Okay,” she said, and Seth  had to turn away to hide            the compassionate protective response in his eyes to the lamblike, vulnerable semblance on her face that of late he saw more and more. Why didn’t she rant and rave, or tell him to go to Hades. Instead she sat there confused, bravely restraining the question — Are you sure I can do this? “Make sure you keep the windows open in the truck so you can hear my directions. Dress warm; wear your thermal underwear and wool socks. It’s cold out there this time of year.”
He made the mistake of looking at her. How those blue eyes could mesmerize. He grabbed his coat from the hook and clapped his Stetson on his head. “Meet me outside the barn in half an hour,” he said. Of all the men in the world why had she chosen to fall for him? He flung open the back door and stomped out into the blistering cold.

CHAPTER FIVE

As instructed, Leatrice met Seth outside the barn, bringing with her the lunch basket she’d packed the night before. Seth finished dropping the bales of hay from the opening in the loft onto the flatbed trailer below. The open platform was hitched to a light motor truck that Leatrice noted with relief was equipped with a fully automatic transmission.
Seth drove uphill through the snow over a narrow unpaved road that led to the north pasture. Each pasture was fenced in, separating it from the other, and was accessible through a series of gates cutting across the road. At each juncture Leatrice climbed down and depending on the type of closure, she unlatched, unchained or unhooked the gate, dragging it open. When Seth had driven through, she locked the gate and climbed back into the motor truck.
Black Angus and dark red/white Hereford and rarer orangebrown Longhorn raised their heads and cocked their ears warily at the thrumming of the truck’s motor and the slurp of heavy wheels trundling through the snow. A mean-looking bull that apparently considered the truck an intruder or a competitor followed on heavy hoofs and bellowed a challenge. Seth ignored the challenge and slowly increased speed until the bull was left behind. When they reached the end of the north pasture, Seth U’d to a turn and stopped. He opened the window. “Slide over,” he said. He climbed down and slammed the door shut. “Remember, keep alert, drive slow,” he told Leatrice as she took the wheel. “Watch out for snowdrifts and ditches. No quick stops or starts. I don’t fancy being dropped over the side along with the feed.”
Using a tire as a foothold, he hoisted himself onto the platform. Leatrice watched with growing alarm as he scaled the bales of hay. She was waist-out the window by the time he reached the top of the load and positioned himself with legs spread-eagled, ice grey-green eyes contemplating the snow-mantled land and the cattle scattered about in groups.
“Start her up... slowly,” Seth hollered.
“All right,” she answered. Her gloved hands tightened nervously on the steering wheel. Slowly, carefully, she began to drive the truck.
“Okay, leave the road and head east, slowly.”
Leatrice gave a small whimper. “Leave the road?”     But that meant driving over uneven ground. She envisioned tomorrow’s headlines:

“MAN THROWN FROM TRAILER,
HOUSEKEEPER ARRESTED FOR MURDER.”

By the time they had covered the upper half of the north pasture with Seth snapping bale strings and heaving the hay over the side, Leatrice was beginning to feel confident. Not so her face, her toes and the soles of her feet. Despite the heavy wool scarf drawn across the bottom half of her face, and the two pairs of thick wool socks and fur-lined winter boots, she was growing numb from the bitter cold. Her cheeks, the tip of her nose and her ears were a rusty pink. Her eyelids were near to shuttering from the glare of the sun reflected in the snow combined with the boredom of driving at a crawl. In the distance the main house on the Bar LB, which she had occupied prior to moving into Seth’s home as his housekeeper, came into view. Leatrice experienced a profound longing for its warmth and elegance. At the same time she heard the muted crackle of hay spilling over the side, followed by Seth’s “Okay, let’s go, left, a quarter of a mile.” In a state of half sleep, half reverie, his voice took on the quality of a sonic boom. She reacted before her brain could intervene and decode, and pushed down on the accelerator. The motor sputtered, the wheels spun rapidly. The truck lurched and sprang forward.     The same instant a red signal flashed in her brain, she heard a loud, heavy “thump”. Leatrice slammed on the brakes, went into park, and switched off the motor. She sat perfectly still. Then, hesitantly and reluctantly, checked  the side-view mirror.
A few feet behind the flatbed trailer, Seth lay sprawled in the snow. “Oh no, I killed him,” Leatrice cried.
The body moved. She held her breath as Seth climbed to his feet.
“Are you all right?” she called, leaning out the window. Seth scowled at her while he beat the snow and hay off his person with his battered Stetson. Leatrice shrank into her seat as he started toward the front of the truck. The desire to run was cogent, but she reminded herself that she was a grown woman, and after all, it had been an accident, and Seth did not appear to be hurt. The remaining bales of hay must have broken his fall, along with the padding offered by the layers of winter clothing and the heavy accumulation of soft snow on the ground. So why was he stomping toward the front of the truck, mad as hell? Perhaps tomorrow’s headlines would read,

“MAN KILLS
HOUSEKEEPER”

Leatrice slid over into the passenger’s seat and slunk down, hands in pockets, chin buried inside the lapels of her navy coat. Seth reached the driver’s side and hoisted himself up so he could see inside the truck. Leatrice mumbled into her coat’s lapels, “It was an accident — honest — I’m sorry.”
Seth muttered something indecipherable, then jumped down, opened the door and climbed into the truck. She could almost hear him counting to ten, before he suggested breaking for lunch.
They ate roast beef sandwiches, applesauce, and Linda’s homemade cookies. Leatrice was glad she had packed two large thermoses of coffee. Seth advised her to save some coffee for consumption while she drove, to keep her warm and awake.
Towards evening, Seth took the wheel again and parked near a forest of snow-feathered conifers. Sometime during the drive toward home, their conversation had turned to Christmas, only a few weeks away.
“Lee, what say we cut ourselves a Christmas tree?”
“Yes, I think that would be very nice,” she said, relieved that he seemed to have forgotten about that morning’s mishap. They trudged, boots and denims calf-deep in snow, appraising the evergreens. Seth carried a two-handed saw that he’d taken from the large toolbox he kept behind the seat of the motor truck. What had come over him, Leatrice puzzled. She had never seen him this lighthearted. He drew her along from conifer to conifer, asking her advice and debating amicably over several possible choices. Leatrice recorded and stored in her heart each question, each smile and each laugh.
They finally settled upon a young pine that would fit nicely in a corner of the parlor. Seth    began singing Christmas carols. Spurred by his jovial mood, Leatrice joined him. Wielding   the two-handed saw between them, they sawed the tree. “T...i...m...b...e...r!” Seth yelled, commandeering Leatrice to a safe distance. Carefree as children, they frolicked and teased each other, dragging the tree back to the truck. Heaving and huffing they loaded it onto the now empty platform, then laughing, they cleaned off the pine needles and bits of bark embedded in their coats. Their camaraderie felt so natural, so real, as if they had often shared these precious moments. It felt right to Leatrice to cradle Seth’s face in her hands, and sensing resistance, with her lips seek his eyes, his brow, his cheeks, his chin and finally his lips. “Damn you, Lee,” Seth swore, seizing her in his arms, and returning her kisses, once again forgetting his pride, and reaffirming the knowledge that he wanted her. He had always wanted her.
The muffled sound of hoofs in the snow went unheard until Linda reined in her white mare, the horse panting and greenish around the mouth. Startled, Leatrice and Seth drew apart. Linda spurred her horse close to Seth. “It’s Jess. He’s been gored. Down by the creek, two miles west.”
Seth froze. Leatrice was forgotten as he headed for the truck. Once inside, he plunged the vehicle in the direction of the wounded ranch hand. Linda dismounted and rubbed her horse’s neck and its withers with her gloved hands. Bending, she grabbed a handful of snow and pressed it to its mouth. The mare greedily consumed the snow and quieted under the girl’s soothing touch. “He’ll be back for us,” she said, continuing to tend her horse. “He’ll never marry you,” Linda said, matter of fact. She kept her eyes hooded.
“What? — Why?” Leatrice asked. She had guessed right along that Linda was in love with Seth.
She turned and faced Leatrice. “He probably never bothered to tell you — we were in the hayloft when Binney came to tell him you were on the phone and demanding to speak to him. Seth had just finished proposing to me.”
“No ... No, he never told me.”
Observing Leatrice’s stunned expression, Linda found the courage to add, “You’re a lot of woman, Leatrice, I’ll admit. Beautiful, educated, refined. A goddess who is used to getting what she wants.” She seemed to grow in stature. Her breezy, fresh-air country look darkened to that of an asp readying to strike. Drops of poison flecked the airy tone of her voice as she remarked, “You may tempt him, and he may succumb occasionally, but his heart is mine, it’s always been mine.”
“If I’d known—" Leatrice began. She didn’t know what to say. She loved Seth and by reason of that very love she could not find it in her heart not to empathize with Linda. But at the same time she was jealous of Linda. The girl posed a threat to her winning Seth’s love. “Did he tell you anything about our — arrangement,” she asked.
A corner of Linda’s mouth twisted with scorn. “Some of it. You tempted him, and then you bought him. The Bar LB in exchange for his soul.”
Somewhat melodramatic. But in a real sense, somewhat true. She had indeed bartered for a year of his company; a year to prove that she was willing to sacrifice everything if he would give her title to his heart. But her efforts were doomed. Why hadn’t he told her about his relationship with Linda?
“One year,” Leatrice said, squaring her shoulders. “Just one year and he’ll come back to you, heart, body and soul.”
“What do you mean — one year?”
Leatrice laughed, a cold self-belittling chuckle. “That’s it, the stipulated fee, one year of his life, one year of his company, after which the Bar LB and The Triple R will be his, and yours, when he marries you.”
Finally completely understanding, Linda said, “I’m sorry for you, I’m truly sorry for you.”
“Why didn’t he tell me?” Leatrice sobbed. She buried her face in her hands and wept.

CHAPTER SIX

“How could you keep her a secret? Why didn’t you tell me?” Leatrice asked Seth the following morning as she served him breakfast.
“Would it have made a difference if I had?” Seth remarked.
Leatrice pressed, “Do you honestly consider me that ruthless?” And when Seth did not answer, “I admit my methods to gain time with you have been a bit unorthodox, but if I’d known someone else was involved, I’d never have gone as far as — “
“I think you would have, Lee, just the same. Linda would have been one more obstacle neatly to dispose of. And as for a bit unorthodox....” Seth arched an eyebrow.
Leatrice gripped the edge of the table. She felt small, a doltish eccentric. “Are you in love with Linda?” She had to know. Whether she stayed or left depended on his answer.
“I’ve known Linda since she was born. Long ago I decided that if and when I chose to marry, Linda would be the logical choice. She is everything a rancher could want in a wife.”
How very dispassionate and objective. It was plain he was not head-over-heels in love with her. But he had said Linda was everything a rancher could want in a wife. Thus it followed that she, Leatrice, was the last thing he would want in a wife. The iron band of inadequacy tightened about her heart. Yet his answer was not the worse she had feared, and there remained the slimmest of possibilities that before the year was up, she might prove herself, change his mind, and win his heart. She left the conversation unfinished, while she busied herself fitting slices of Linda’s homemade bread with slices of pot roast for Seth to take with him. He and some of his ranch hands would be out, probably all day, searching for the bull that had gored Jess.
“How is Jess?” Leatrice asked.
“He’ll be all right. His left thigh was badly ripped, but the doctor patched him up. He’ll have to take it easy for a while, but I’m taking care of all his expenses and keeping up his paycheck until he is well enough to return to work.”
“That’s very fair of you.”
“It’s my duty.”
After supper that evening, Seth went to the stalls to check on the horses. The night was cold and the sky clear and very close. The stars appeared so near that he needed all his power of reasoning not to reach up and attempt to grasp one. The illusion paralleled his relationship with Leatrice. Yesterday when he’d held her in his arms, the promise of lasting happiness had hovered within his grasp. But the promise was a lie. Leatrice would never cut it. Linda was the reality. She stood for logic and permanence. She was the grit of the earth, born and bred a Montanan, like himself. If she failed to heat his blood as Leatrice did with but a brush of her lips against his, in the long run it would not matter. A man needed a partner to help him, comfort him, to share his good times and bad, and God permitting, to rear sons and daughters with. He needed a companion with whom one day to share his old age. Linda fit the picture. She was the logical choice. Yet sometimes in the middle of the night, when all was silent except for the occasional baying of a wolf in the distance, he would think how utterly and completely content he might feel if Leatrice were the logical choice.
When he returned to the house, carrying a fat cardboard box, a fire crackled in the hearth inside the parlor — Leatrice’s doing. The lights were off and the entire room shimmered in soft tones of amber and maize. A long-playing record on the phonograph’s turntable spun golden sounds of Christmas melodies. Seth carried the box into the parlor and placed it in front of the couch. He sat down and sank into a flowered cushion. Motioning Leatrice to join him, he pulled open the interlocking flaps on the box and began drawing out small wooden figures of angels and Santa Clauses and reindeer. “I carved these myself when I was a boy,” he said. The thought of that accomplishment still excited him.
Next, he removed a leather satchel containing hand-sized white satin cushions edged with fine lace and dotted with tiny bows, each bow a different pastel color. He announced proudly, “My mother sewed these.” From another satchel he took a large white satin star stuffed to the points with cotton. “This was a gift from my grandmother,” he said, reverently. He held the ornament up for Leatrice’s inspection. The white satin caught the light from the hearth and glowed. “There are also store-bought ornaments in the box. Want to trim the tree?” he asked eagerly, boyishly.
Leatrice nodded.
Together they walked over to the tree that had been set up in an obliging corner of the room. Once again they became as children, frolicking and teasing each other as they decorated the tree. And later, with the room reflected from a dozen angles in the eggshell-thin, brightly colored Christmas balls hanging prettily on the branches, Leatrice and Seth relaxed on the couch, side-by-side, yet discreetly apart. Leatrice’s eyes were closed. Her mind was on the future, and moments like this that would never be hers again after her allotted year came to an end. Seth watched the firelight shilly-shallying across her features, casting them in dark shadows one moment, then brilliance the next. Very soon he would want to  make love to her even though his future was pledged to his country sweetheart. The thought frightened him to the point of anger. He rose abruptly. “Everything is lovely, Leatrice, but I’m beat. We had no luck finding that crazed bull. He broke through the fence to the south pasture. I’ll be leaving early in the morning to resume the search. Good night, Leatrice.”
Leatrice smiled and he saw in her eyes resignation and an unrequited love that refused to die, yet accepted his decision without ill feeling. This was not the reaction he expected, not from Leatrice. She was fire and brimstone, or ice and snow, not this shimmering peacefulness.
“Good night, Leatrice.” He said, unaware he was repeating himself.

CHAPTER SEVEN

The Aubreys, long-time friends of the Driscolls, invited Leatrice and Seth to share the Christmas Holidays with them. Seth asked Leatrice to go with him into town for some last minute shopping. In town the two visited a bakery and purchased fruitcakes and cookies for themselves and to bring to the Aubreys. Their next stop was a florist. Seth purchased a dozen long-stemmed roses. Leatrice did not ask for whom he intended the roses. His parents had died some years ago, and Seth was an only child, therefore she reasoned the bouquet was his gift to Linda.
The sun was touching the top of the hills and polishing the snow a dark yellow when Seth halted the pickup in front of a pair of iron gates. Behind the black grillwork, a cemetery angled softly upward. Seth’s parents were buried here. “May I come with you?” Leatrice asked. “I’d like to pay my respects as well.”
“Sure. You can do the explaining,” he said.
“Do you think she would have liked me?” Leatrice asked. Seth didn’t answer her question. He climbed down from the pickup and Leatrice followed him and watched him reach into the wagon for the box of roses. At the cemetery’s summit, tombstones shone taupe under the setting sun. His parents had long ago chosen this spot. Seth knelt before their grave. He lifted the top off the box and parted the green tissue paper. Carefully he removed each long-stemmed rose and placed each one lovingly upon the snow-covered ground in front of their stone inscribed with “Here lie Sandra and Calvin Driscoll, gentle people.” “Roses were my mother’s favorite flowers,” Seth explained. “And from the day I earned my first dollar, I bought her a dozen each Christmas.” Leatrice knelt down beside him. “I wish I’d known her.” Somehow she felt that his mother would have understood and forgiven her for what she had contrived to remain close to Seth for a little longer.
“She was a kind, hospitable person,” he said. “Loyal and faithful to Dad. She gave so much of herself, and the only reward she asked was to know she had caused another living creature to smile.” A raspy sob escaped his throat. Unexpectedly he sought the comfort of Leatrice’s embrace. She responded wholeheartedly and wrapped her arms about him, tenderly caressing his sandy-colored hair.
The grief of his parents’ death had never left Seth. His mother had died five years ago of a heart attack on Christmas Eve, and his father five years before. Seth never brought anyone to the cemetery, not even Linda, preferring to suffer his loss alone and not burden others with it. Except for his mother, he’d never opened up to anyone. She always understood what he felt, even before he told her. For the first time since his mother’s passing, he felt comforted. Leatrice was gentle inside, like his mother, and though he would never admit it to her for fear of reinforcing her plan, she had the same stubbornness that kept his mother loyal and faithful to his father through the years of poverty and the   times of illness. Certainly his mother would have objected to their arrangement, but she would have understood and she would have offered Leatrice that understanding. And Leatrice would have sincerely and earnestly accepted it. The two women would have been friends. He knew enough about Leatrice now to make that judgment, for just possibly, this spoiled, rich Easterner was not a snob, nor selfish. The hauteur and sophistication were merely excessive polish to enhance the golden aura of one more human being wanting to be loved and needed. Leatrice held him close, her gloved fingers cradling the nape of his neck. “Seth, dearest, you mustn’t grieve this way. You haven’t lost her. Bet she’s watching us right now. I believe in that other world. I always have. I believe there is more than what the realists claim, Seth, or I would never have dared so much to be close to you.”
The man and the woman, two silhouettes against a vast amethyst sky, remained entwined in each other’s embrace for a long time. The sky was dark blue and starlit when at last Seth raised his head. Taking Leatrice with him, he stood up. “There’s no need to go back to the house and change,” he told her, his voice steady. “Christmas Eve at the Aubreys is always informal.”
Leatrice followed him down to the gate. No more was spoken about his mother and father. The evening was spent pleasantly with hospitable friends and the Christmas spirit of love and sharing.

CHAPTER EIGHT

The Aubreys invited Seth and Leatrice to attend Midnight Service with them in the small country church that had served the ranchers in this area for over a hundred and fifty years. Under the beamed ceiling, the meetinghouse resounded with melodious hymns. A hundred candles lit the room and a score of pine needle wreaths and poinsettia blooms scented it.
Leatrice and Seth worshipped beside the ruddy-faced Aubreys and their four young boys. A year ago Leatrice would have judged the Aubreys, poor land folk, but of late she’d learned to think differently, and it was plain to her from the earnest expressions on their jovial faces that their wealth lay in their willingness to extend without reserve their affection and trust.
After the Service they returned to the Triple R and in the morning after breakfast Leatrice asked Seth to join her in the parlor for a few minutes. “Please sit down, Seth,” she urged, avoiding his inquiring gaze.
From under the Christmas tree she took a small gaily-wrapped package and handed it to him. “It’s not what I’m used to giving, but I know that flaunting my wealth is the last thing you’d appreciate. I hope you like it. I hope I chose right.” Seth opened the gift. It was a tan leather wallet. Pleased, he said, “It’s practical and attractive. And I do need a new one. Mine’s about worn out.” It was a poor gift, Leatrice felt. But anything more lavish might appear to him as though she was attempting to buy his affection. “Thanks for being kind,” she said in earnest.
“There was nothing in our agreement requiring I be kind to you.”
“No there wasn’t,” Leatrice said.
Those blue eyes that could rivet and mesmerize lowered humbly. Seth had to catch his breath. Humility was a trait he did not expect of his spoiled heiress. “You haven’t asked about your present,” he said.
“My present?”
For the first time since their unorthodox agreement, Seth accepted her reaction as authentic; not something rehearsed and planned. The surprise on her face was genuine. “Yes, your present. Thought I wouldn’t bother getting you one, didn’t you?” He was right; she had not expected a gift from him. She was not here by his choice. Neglect and indifference were what she expected. His love and dedication were what she longed for. What she daily experienced was his unpredictable behavior — mental detachment and moments when he reached out to her, as he had during their visit to his parent’s grave.
Seth rose and went into his bedroom. He came out a moment later holding a large foil wrapped box. He handed it to Leatrice. “Merry Christmas,” he said with a broad grin. Excitement flooded Leatrice’s features. All through her years as a rich man’s daughter, she had received hundreds of gifts — costly, extravagant gifts. She had experienced pleasure, a mild sort of eagerness, but never the sense of yearning and wild expectancy she felt now, holding Seth’s gift.
“Well, what are you waiting for?” he asked.
During the past few weeks she had mopped floors, washed dirty clothes in a washing machine that was older than her grandmother, cooked and earned her temporary status in Seth’s home. She resembled an excited little girl as she tore off the wrapping. A tense humility emanated from her as she lifted the top off the box and parted the tissue paper. She gasped with awe. The yellow round-necked bodice of a dotted Swiss frock literally leapt at her.
“Oh Seth, it’s beautiful!” she cried. She pulled the dress out and held it against herself. Hurriedly she checked the size. “Yes, it should fit. I’ll wear it today to the Aubreys for dinner.”
“I was hoping you would.”
“I’m going to try it on right now.” She bounded, and clutching the dress headed for her bedroom.
The dress fit perfectly. Leatrice gazed at herself in the mirror over the bureau, but a young woman she did not recognize stared back at her. She sat down on the bed and dug her nails into her palms. Linda’s shorter, thinner figure and her country air of innocence would fit the dress far better. What was Seth trying to do? Something inside Leatrice threatened to detonate. She was Leatrice Meredith, tall and broad of shoulder, proud and sophisticated. The type of woman who wore  silk bloused dresses and slim  high heels, diamonded earrings, necklaces and bracelets. Yet Seth was attempting to cast her in a role of his own choosing. The dotted Swiss fabric, the cotton tatting daintily edging the deep round collar, the full pleated skirt, all were indigenous to the sweet country girl look.
It was Linda he was attempting to recreate in the dress! Leatrice wanted to tear the dress off and rip it to shreds. The stiff material scratched her skin. She snatched it off and flung it into the closet. That evening she wore a bright red chiffon fitted dress. She told Seth the dress didn’t fit right. It needed alterations. But her facial expression and the tone of her voice betrayed her. She avoided his eyes when they filled with suspicion. “Not good enough,” she heard him mutter, as he turned away.
They spoke little that week. Seth did his chores, ate his meals and joined his men in the bunkhouse after dinner until bedtime, long after Leatrice had retired.

CHAPTER NINE

February promised no respite from the brutal winter that settled on Seth’s part of the country. The wind howled and whistled and beat against windowpanes and ice frosted them. Seth and Leatrice had their chores to perform — the running of the two ranches, the cattle, the horses and all the rest that went with the operation, hard, routine work, neverending. To Seth who had been reared to this life, it was a matter of how busy he was and how much he accomplished. To Leatrice, nurtured on a life of opulence and ease, it was a matter of how much effort and labor she had to expend between getting up in the morning and going to bed at night. With the land buried in snow, the two were out daily scattering feed. And still despite their efforts, many were the times they brought in some starved critter near frozen to death. Life in Seth’s part of the world was not an easy one during the winter months for the rancher or the farmer, or for the animals living off the land. Everyone on the two ranches was kept busy making sure they had stock left to run in the spring when the snow would melt and the ground thaw and the sun warm the country to a glistening, rustling green.
The matter of the Swiss dotted frock had long been forgotten. Seth had never been one to carry a grudge and Leatrice, in spite of all the hardships, her hands cramped from the long hours bent about the reins of her horse, while the brutal cold penetrated her gloves leaving her fingertips split and bleeding, was loving Seth more and more. This surprised her; especially when her back hurt and her legs were stiff and practically frozen from long hours on horseback. And she had meals to prepare and the house to care for, and clothes to wash. It surprised her that she had not by now become disillusioned with Seth and the hard, unremitting life he led. But instead, the stamina of the man, the unquestioning striving to keep body and soul together for one more day for himself and the stock, awed her. All the comforts and bred-in expectations of her wealthy upbringing palled before the simple reality of Seth and his country. One particular winter’s day she would never forget ...
Heavy winds lashed the house and snow swirled down from the sky like streamers from skyscrapers in a ticker tape parade. The wind chill factor had cut temperatures to forty below zero. Perkins, one of Seth’s ranch hands, reported a bull gone plum loco in the east sector, probably from the cold and hunger. The crazed beast had been battering down barbed wire, uncaring or unaware that the spiked fencing was tearing his face and his hide to shreds. Armed with rifles, Seth and Perkins set out immediately after breakfast to see what could be done. It was now long past suppertime and neither of the two had returned. Leatrice peered through the window for the hundredth time. Visibility was a howling mass of white. She was frantic with worry. Seth was out there in this. He had sent Linda and most of his men home early because of the storm. And as chance would have it, Binney and the others who shared the bunkhouse were nowhere nearby at present. The telephones were dead; the lines knocked down by the hurtling blasts of icy winds. There was no one to turn to, and no manner left to recruit help. Utterly alone, her concern for Seth’s safety overrode any concern for herself. She dressed in her warmest clothing and opened the back door intending to set out and search for Driscoll herself. A blast of icy wind and prickly snow whipped at her face and penetrated even the thermal underwear she wore. She forced the door closed against the storm.
She sat down at the kitchen table. She must be insane to imagine going out into that weather. It would be suicidal. All right, she would search only along the perimeter of the ranch and perhaps a little further. She simply could not remain inactive while Seth might be trapped or hurt. What if his horse had suffered a mishap and Seth was on foot in this foul storm. She bounded to her feet. This time she would be better prepared. She readied a thermos of hot coffee to take with her for Seth and Perkins. Then ran into her bedroom and searched through the drawers in her bureau. Taking a wool facemask, she slipped it quickly over her head. She returned to the kitchen, took the coffee thermos and braved the back door again, this time successfully. Using all her strength she closed it shut behind her. Patches of brown earth and wood visible through the furiously swirling snow showed her the way to the stable.
Jasper was not too happy to leave the safety and comfort of his stall, but once bridled and saddled, and then mounted, the coffee thermos packed inside the saddle bag, he conceded, albeit grumpily, to force his way into the storm and circle the ranch. When that yielded no evidence of the two men, Leatrice urged Jasper further out. Her plan to stay close to the ranch was discarded as she headed in the direction in which Seth and Perkins had started out.
Leatrice and Jasper knew where they were going. The mass of swirling snow was a white blindfold across their eyes; nevertheless, from daily working with Seth, both knew the layout of the land by heart. Rider and horse were covered in thick layers of snow by the time they had left the east gate behind them. Jasper moved very slowly. They had followed the fence. Leatrice’s legs had lost most of their feeling and it was becoming increasingly hard to kick and keep her horse going forward. She was constantly wiping her eyes to free them of the thick freezing wet snowflakes. By the time they arrived at an area crowded with spruce and fir, Jasper was snorting and blowing, attempting in vain to repel the chill wind and snow filling his nostrils. Leatrice knew she would have to dismount. Her legs had altogether lost their power to kick, and Jasper, continuing to blow and snort, had come to a halt, and was shaking his head vigorously.
She climbed down slowly. Her legs felt as though they were encased in splints. Once her feet touched the snowy ground, she hung on to the saddle horn and the cantle because her legs would not support her. With the coming of night the storm had doubled in intensity. Wind and snow lashed furiously about her, stifling her breathing, spearing into her nose and throat and lungs. Holding the reins tightly in her left hand, she buried her face against the side of the saddle. She remained like that for a few minutes, hoping to regain her strength, but quickly realized that without movement, her legs would stiffen all the more. She inhaled deeply against the leather now moist and warm from her breathing, then pulled herself away and began stamping her feet and slapping her arms to get her blood circulating.
She saw the bull. It was lying on its side. She might have missed it completely but for the tip of its horn sticking eerily out of the snow.
She led her horse toward the motionless creature and cupped her hand over her brow, squinting against the windswept snow-flakes, forcing her eyes to see better. Kneeling she brushed aside the snow from the animal’s frozen body. On its neck a grotesque red splotch had diffused to snowy pink. It had been shot in the throat. The bull was no longer a threat, and by now Seth and Perkins had probably reached home, while here she was, out in the storm, miles from the safety and warmth of the house. What would Seth think about her rash, foolhardy and unnecessary dash-ing to his aid? Once again she felt inadequate.
As she turned to her horse, to mount and head back, a lump of snow, unnaturally shaped,   sent a shiver of apprehension up her spine. She hesitated a moment, not daring to suspect.  Summoning her courage and praying to heaven that the terrible thought that crossed her mind  was merely the play of her imagination, she drew near to the unnatural mound of snow and knelt on one knee to observe it closer. She began to brush away the white flakes, slowly at first, then as the mangled front of a lambskin coat stained with blood began to show, she brushed the snow away frantically. With relief mixed with horror, she recognized the pale rigid face of the body lying before her. It was Perkins.
The man looked dead, yet part of her mind would not accept him as dead. She removed her glove and touched his face. “Dear God!” was all she could utter as something screamed inside her and she recoiled in terror and revulsion before the gelid, freakish feel of death.
Immediately she thought of Seth. Fear clutched at her chest, a fear so full of impending despair and desolation, it was like a razor sharp rapier thrusting into her heart. Where was Seth? Was he also lying somewhere under the snow, his face as blank and bloodless and frozen as the one before her?
She stood up and cried out Driscoll’s name. Her voice mingled and was lost in the hiss and howling of the storm.
Over and over she cried out for Seth as she wandered, searching for him, unaware in her frenzy that she continued to lead Jasper. Nor did she realize that she had never replaced her glove; it was held tightly in her hand that was turning sickly reddish blue. Her eyelashes were brittle from the cold and her face under the knitted mask was beginning to freeze. Tears were crystallized about her eyelids, impairing her sight. She wiped the hand clutching the glove across her eyes and realized she had hardly any feeling left in her fingers. Automatically, she replaced her glove and continued to search, her direction aimless. All she cared about was finding Seth. She would die out here before going back without him.
Something hard bumped her shoulder. Turning, she discovered Jasper nudging her. She watched him as through a haze. He lifted his head and cocked his ears. Then he lowered his head and nudged her again.
Slowly the message he was attempting to impart penetrated the haze. Leatrice paid attention. At first all she could hear were the sounds of the storm, then suddenly she discerned a man’s moan, a deep, raspy moan.
“Where, Jasper, where?” she pleaded with her horse.
Jasper showed her where.
“Seth, oh my darling!” she cried, falling to her knees beside his body and thanking God he was not dead.
His left coat sleeve and denim leg were torn and bloody. It hit her as ludicrous that his Stetson remained on his head. He was partially covered in snow, but he must have been moving, because he was not buried under it. Gripped in his hand was the rifle with which he had shot the bull.
Seth’s eyes were shut tightly, his face contorted with pain. He moaned again. Leatrice slipped her arm under his head and brought his face close to hers. His skin was cold and pale, but life still throbbed beneath it. Her lips found his and she spoke his name. He gave no indication of hearing her, or feeling her touch. He was almost unconscious.
“Calm — be calm,” Leatrice admonished herself as panic threatened to overwhelm her. She must get Seth and herself back to the house and then go for help. But the storm still raged, the wind a dragon’s tail lashing mercilessly at anything in its path. And there was another factor to be faced. She was hopelessly lost. In her anxious search for Seth she had completely abandoned keeping track of her bearings.
Spruce and fir bent in the path of the dragon’s tail. At the same time, they beckoned Leatrice to find shelter under the roof their branches formed. She led Jasper to them and let them hold his reins. Returning to Seth, she half-dragged, half-hauled him toward the trees. She thanked God for her statuesque build, her long legs and arms, and the strength He had given her along with them.
As they had promised, the spruce and fir afforded the trio a measure of shelter. The dragon’s tail could not whip as hard through the barricade of pine needle and bark. Leatrice knelt beside Seth to examine the extent of his hurt. The bull’s horns had slashed through his thick winter clothing to tear into his flesh. Using Seth’s pocketknife she split apart his left coat and shirtsleeve and the leg denim and thermal underwear to find his forearm and thigh, both which had been badly punctured and torn. It was not difficult to deduce what had happened. The maddened bull had charged the two men. They must have been on foot, for Perkins had been gored in the stomach and bled to death. The bull had caught Seth in the arm and leg, but the wounds inflicted had not been as fatal as the ones sustained by Perkins. Fortunately for Seth, his bleeding had stopped.
She cleansed his wounds with the snow, but she needed bandages. She loosed her coat and again using the pocketknife managed to tear strips from her plaid shirt and wrapped them around his arm and leg. The horrifying thought that he might have bled to death as had his ranch-hand played before her mind’s eye and made her tremble. She quickly reminded herself that Seth was alive. There was the danger that in his immobile state he might freeze to death. There also might be wolves in the vicinity. A fire might offer a solution to both dangers.
Seth did not smoke but he always carried a lighter in his pocket in case he needed to build a fire to brew a pot of coffee. Leatrice cleared a space approximately two feet in diameter on the ground and, using the pocketknife, dug a hole in the ground. She partly broke, partly cut some of the small branches from the trees, and scraping them clean, piled them in the hole. She applied the lighter to the wood, and after some coaxing, the wood ignited. She cut more branches and added them to the fire. The protective shield that the walls  of the hole and the density of the spruce and fir provided prevented the wind and snow from extinguishing the fire. Remembering the coffee thermos, she drank a little, saving the rest for when Seth woke and was able to swallow. Fitting her saddle under Seth’s head and shoulders, she lay down beside his uninjured side to keep him warm with her body heat. Between the warmth of the fire and Seth next to her, the facemask felt cumbersome and she removed it. Carefully, she drew Seth to herself. Periodically she rose to feed the fire and keep it burning, praying silently that someone on the ranch would soon discover they were missing. The hours passed slowly. Seth’s breathing remained steady, although he continued in a state of semi-consciousness. His occasional moans perforated the furious sounds of the storm. At these times Leatrice anguished that she could not lend herself to Seth to share his pain, halving it, and give him a part of her strength to replenish his. She hoped that he was merely sleeping off the trauma of the attack. But she was not a doctor. If he had suffered internal injuries, all she could do was continue to pray. Toward morning, she could no longer keep herself awake. The storm had finally subsided. Seth had not uttered a sound for the past two hours, but his pulse was strong and his breathing regular. He appeared to be sleeping peacefully. Leatrice permitted her thoughts to wander and her mind to rest. She did not realize how exhausted she truly was. But her body did, and at last she slept.
The sensation of something touching her cheek woke her. She opened her eyes sleepily. Seth’s fingers were resting gently over the side of her face. She snuggled closer, dreaming she and Seth were married, and snug and warm inside a cocoon of blankets on their own bed. She reached for the covers to secure them tighter. Her hand encountered winter coats sprinkled generously with soft wet snow. Memory returned and she opened her eyes wide.
“Seth, darling!” she greeted. His face was pale, his grey-green eyes washed, his jaw covered in moist stubble, but he was smiling, albeit wearily, but smiling. Leatrice had saved his life. Lifting his head, he whispered her name, holding his smile to convey that he knew she had come after him and he was grateful. Leatrice said, “They’ll discover we’re missing and send help, I’m sure.” Seth nodded slowly, with effort. He tried to move his injured arm and leg and grimaced, cursing as torn flesh and abused bone protested. His head lolled against the saddle and he closed his eyes.
Leatrice felt him shudder with pain. “Seth!” There must be something she could do to alleviate his suffering. But what? Oh hurry, please, she called out with her mind to Binney, Linda, anyone. If Seth had suffered internal injures, he could be bleeding inside. He might lapse into a coma. She might lose him after all. “Darling, please tell me what to do,” she begged anxiously.
“Stop fretting, woman,” he rasped feebly. “I’m all right. Just need to rest. Can’t a man get some sleep?” he murmured, forcing a pain-ridden grin. “But you might be hemorrhaging inside,” she said. “Seth?” He didn’t answer. He had fallen asleep.
Leatrice gazed at him tenderly. Stubborn fool, how she loved him. “Don’t die on me, Seth ... I need you,” she whispered.

Binney found them later that afternoon. “I’d have discovered you both missing sooner, ‘cept I didn’t get back from town till three-thirty this morning, and slept clear through to twelve this afternoon. Didn’t suspect any-thing was wrong till I found the bay and poor Perkins’ roan, damn near frozen, and wandering down country.” Binney knelt beside Seth and unwound the makeshift bandages. The deep gashes on Seth’s arm and leg had turned an ugly dark red. “Nasty,” Binney said. He felt the bones in both limbs. “Anything feel broken?” he asked Seth.
“I don’t think so. Just awful sore and hurting.”
Seth gritted his teeth against the pain as the old foreman helped him to test first one, then the other limb.
Satisfied, Binney said, “Guess I’ll ride on back and get the pickup.” He looked up at Leatrice who stood by worrying. “We’ll take him right to the hospital. Doc Harris will fix up the boss fine.” Hooking a smile on his stubbly jaw, Binney added, “He’s sure lucky to have you, ma’am. He’d be frozen, picked meat, if you hadn’t come after him.” Leatrice glanced at Seth. At the moment he was too busy hurting to give the foreman’s words the careful consideration she felt they deserved.
Later that afternoon as he lay on the hospital bed in the Emergency Room, medicated and properly bandaged, Seth told Binney and Leatrice, “We’ll bury Perkins next to my parents. He was a loner, no family, and no ties. My mom and dad will be his family from now on.”
At last Leatrice felt free to ask, “What happened out there?” Seth seemed reluctant to think back, and then on a decisive note he began, “We’d been riding for hours with no sign of that crazy bull except for sections of gnarled barbed wire that looked as though a bulldozer had run up against them. We were cold, stiff and bone-weary, and decided to go it on foot for a while; give our horses a rest at the same time. The search was proving futile, the storm setting in strong, when that son of Beelzebub came out of Lord knows where, nose blowing hot air into the snow, hoofs pawing clear down to the dead grass under, and shaking that cursed horned head, readying to aim its horns at our innards. My luck, I suppose, Perkins’ misfortune that he was ahead of me, leading his horse. Gave me those precious seconds to slide my rifle out of its holster on my saddle before that son of a devil finished with Perkins and decided he’d skewer me next. I shot him in the throat, but he didn’t fold. He came anyway, like some unholy thing dredged up from the pits of hell. I moved; he caught me in the arm, then the leg.” Seth gazed at Leatrice. “Odd, but in that moment, I thought about you, and your crazy scheme.”
Seth shifted his gaze to Binney. “He never came back for me. His legs buckled under him, and he fell over and just died.” Seth paused as if to catch his breath. “Seeing Perkins and me downed, and the shot I’d fired, had spooked the horses into a fast gallop. I managed to get to Perkins, but he was already dead. I don’t know for how long or how far I dragged myself before I passed out.
Seth glanced at Leatrice. Her blue eyes were soft and glazed with worry. There it was again, that childlike, vulnerable look. That look had a way with him. It brought out the gentleness in him. Made him realize her concern for him was genuine. She had been silent and frightened for him during their ride to the hospital, holding his hand, watching over him, supporting him, hurting with him each time the pickup hit a bump in the road and lurched.
“Guess I would have frozen to death, like Binney said, if you hadn’t come searching for me.”
“I suppose so,” Leatrice whispered.
“I owe you my life.”
Was it admiration tinted with affection that flickered across his face, or only gratitude? Leatrice was not sure.
Later that week Doc Harris released Seth to Leatrice’s care, ordering him to stay in bed for a week, and not ride for at least two. Once again Seth mentioned the fact that Leatrice had saved his life, this time to the doctor and the attending nurse. Leatrice glowed with pride at his praise, hope sparking that he might at last have come to view her in a different light. But gratitude and admiration were a far cry from love and acceptance.

Seth healed quickly. “You were lucky,” Doc Harris advised him. The layers of clothing, the rifle, Leatrice’s timely arrival, and her worthy actions of using the trees as shelter and building a fire, all contributed toward your survival.” Seth agreed and Leatrice felt proud.
“There will be scars,” Doc Harris said. “Jagged notches on your left forearm and thigh. I’ll give you the name of a plastic surgeon in Billings.” Seth temporarily shelved the idea of the plastic surgeon, for soon after the heifers calved, bawling deep in their throats as their babies were born. The calves bleated not unlike newborn lambs, and finding their legs, followed by finding their mother’s teats and sucking hungrily.
Not all the births were simple. More than once in the weeks    that followed, Seth called upon Leatrice to assist him in delivering a breech birth. Those particular births required a strong stomach and quick thinking and acting on the part of those aiding the bawling, contracting animal. And Leatrice did not consider herself as possessing any one of the qualities needed. Especially so, when Seth, helping a heifer having difficulty, first told her    to watch him closely, as she  might be called upon to help him. He sat on the ground, legs     apart, speaking in a soothing, encouraging tone to the heifer as he reached into her. “Okay, girl, I’ve got a good grip on your baby’s legs, and as soon as that belly of yours contracts—" He braced a boot on either haunch of the heifer and waited. “Now!” he suddenly barked and pulled with all his strength. Two little hoofs appeared.
Seth took a deep breath. “Okay, one more time, mama, come on.” Another involuntary contraction and again Seth pulled with all his strength. This time the entire calf, a bundle of blood, flesh and bone, emerged.
Severing with a sterilized knife the umbilical cord that connected calf to heifer, he reassured the mother, “A good-sized bull calf, mama.” He dotted the calf’s navel with iodine. “Lee, make sure the calf’s mouth and nose are free of any obstructions, while I tend to his mother.”
With the bull calf breathing normally and on his own, Seth pushed him under his mother’s nose. The heifer sniffed the calf. The small critter felt her touch and his small legs and feet struggled to move. He bleated thinly. Suddenly mama knew. She clamored weakly to her feet and began to sniff and lick the small body of her calf. She became vividly aware of the man and the woman kneeling beside her and her baby. The look of pain in her large, dark bovine eyes altered to a ferocious glare. She bawled loudly, more like a growl. Leatrice moved back instinctively. Seth laughed. “Okay, mama, he’s all yours,” he conceded, quietly moving away.
The heifers finished calving and then the cows began. The snow melted, the ground thawed, the awakening earth breathed yellow and white sweet clover, filling the air with the smell of sweet candy. The vast pastures sprouted lush, green grass. Seth had hired extra men in the fall to plow certain fertile areas on the Bar LB for farming in the spring. As April reintroduced itself, he took on extra help to disk the plowed areas and break up the clumps of sod, then level, seed and roll the sod. The rolling was necessary, he explained to Leatrice one night over supper, “to firm the soil and keep the seeds from easily blowing away. The rolling also packed the air bubbles out of the sod so water was not trapped inside which would drown the seeds.
“If you think we’ve been busy this far, wait’ll Spring Roundup in a couple of weeks,” Seth told her. “Get your stomach in gear, Lee. There’s at least four hundred   new head that need castrating, dehorning, vaccinating and branding.” He dabbed a thick slice of bread into the gravy on his plate, oblivious to the squeamish expression blanching Leatrice’s face. “Damn, that Linda can bake,” he exclaimed, biting into the slice of gravy soaked bread.
“I baked the bread,” Leatrice startled him by saying.
“Hell, you didn’t?” Seth replied, looking at her.
“Yes, I did. I found the recipe on the back of a yeast packet, and it worked,” she said. “And when you’re finished staring at me with gravy dripping down your chin, and eat the roast beef I cooked in our oven, I’ll serve you the apple pie I baked. I’ll get the coffee,” she said, rising from the table to busy herself with the pot and cups and saucers. Seth eyed her quaintly.
So the woman was finally learning to cook. Seth didn’t know how many more of these surprises he could stand. Going out after him in the storm, risking her life saving his life — he owed her for that — certainly not what he expected from a rich, spoiled easterner. He had to admit Leatrice was fulfilling her part of the bargain admirably.
He sliced and forked a piece of roast beef, and coated it liberally with thick gravy. Delicious and tender, he thought, chewing it slowly, savoring the taste. Leatrice placed the coffee cups and pot on the table, using a checkered dishcloth under the steaming pot. Quite a woman, he pondered, not for the first time since their unorthodox arrange-ment. Leatrice’s hair was disheveled, the sides pinned back awkwardly, stray moist wisps curled about her forehead and ears. She looked tired and drowsy, her cheeks flushed and warm from the heat of the oven. Her plaid shirt and blue denims were wrinkled and stained with flour and gravy. Where was the rich she-devil with the silk shirts and diamond cuff links and earrings? The girl taking her seat  opposite him to eat her supper was          not the Leatrice Meredith he remembered. He experienced it again, that fear. He was growing used to Leatrice, like Professor Higgins had grown used to Elisa. “No good,” he muttered under his breath. Leatrice endured because she wanted him, but sooner or later her need for him would slacken and finally end when she grew bored and weary with the hard work basic to his lifestyle. Sooner or later it would happen, she would stop loving him. Only by that time she’d have battered his defenses and he’d have learned to love her and need her as he’d never loved and needed a woman before, except for his mother. When Leatrice left, he must stop loving her, and forget her. And that would hurt a lot. Seth attacked his food ferociously. The apple pie was good. He ate his piece all the way to the dark fluted pastry edge, then helped himself to seconds. He had put aside the fear. He just wouldn’t let it happen, fall in love with Leatrice, that is.
“I’m impressed, Lee,” he said between mouthfuls. “I’m glad you’re learning to bake some. Linda has enough to do cooking and cleaning for the hired hands.” Good to keep Linda’s image alive in his mind. There was a girl, Montanan born and bred, like himself, who would stay with him for the rest of her life. Involved with his own thoughts and with scraping up the remaining crumbs of his second piece of pie, he missed Leatrice’s somber expres-sion or that she put down her fork quietly and stared at him, reminding herself that Linda remained his idea of the perfect wife. As the months progressed, it had become clear to her that    Seth had never harbored a burning passion for the girl. He probably expected the burning passion would come after they married —   a growing together, Leatrice summarized. Marriages of con-venience sometimes cultivated this growing together. She and Seth had grown together a little since he’d reluctantly agreed to hire her. She had made it impossible for him to refuse her. He stood to gain a lot; the Triple R which he’d spent years nurturing, and the Bar LB at a quarter of its cost, thrown in for good measure, just for hiring her so she could be near him and prove herself worthy, and drive him to admit his feelings for her. The year was half over and she could not imagine life without him. Yet she was nowhere nearer to capturing his heart than the day he’d agreed to her terms. It was still Linda who held his esteem and his concern. For Leatrice, it was always, “Get your stomach in gear, we’re doing this, or that.” No matter how hard she tried to adapt to ranch life, no matter how much she attempted to prove herself, or how hard she worked, it was still “Linda has enough to do!” Upset, Leatrice poured Seth’s coffee well over the rim, spilling it into the saucer. “Oops, here’s something Linda would never do.” She grabbed some paper towels and soaked up the coffee. “Sorry, I’m not feeling too well,” she excused. “I’m going to lie down a while.”
Inside her bedroom, with the door shut, she threw herself face down on the covers, and argued herself into a state of tears and exhaustion. Seth thought bitterly, WOMEN! How did he ever get mixed up with the breed in the first place, but his mother had brought him up to be kind. One glance at Leatrice’s face as she left the table and he realized he’d hurt her with his reference to Linda’s workload. Maybe he’d meant to hurt her. And now he was sorry. The woman had determination! True, she was squeamish around the cattle, not the best housekeeper or cook, although tonight she had outdone herself, but then she didn’t give up easily. He ought to apologize.
He cleared the table, even did the dishes. Then he left the kitchen and knocked at her bedroom door. Perhaps she was sleeping or perhaps she was giving him the silent treatment. He tried the doorknob. The door was not locked. He wedged it slightly. Leatrice lay on her bed, asleep. Her eyelids were red and swollen. She’d been crying. He ran a hand nervously through his hair. He entered the room and moved close to the bed. “Poor rich fool,” he whispered, compassion flooding him. Gently he lifted the ends of the blanket and covered Leatrice to keep her warm.  As   he did so, he touched her accidentally. At the contact he flushed with warmth. His fingers ached to caress the soft curves. He drew his hands away. She had a power over him. He’d recognized that power from the first day she rode into the Triple R. When the year was up and they parted company, he would feel very much like the alcoholic or addict struggling to free himself of his habit. Yet a lifetime commitment could not be based solely on a physical need.

CHAPTER TEN

Poor little calves, Leatrice commiserated, as she knelt on one knee, tending the branding irons. Seth had assigned her the task of keeping the fire burning with logs from the pile a few feet away. It was necessary to maintain the irons searing hot and in readiness for the moment a calf was snagged by his hind legs or middle with a lariat wielded by a cowboy on horseback. As soon as the calf was caught, it was thrown and pinned to the ground by two cowhands known as flankers. Leatrice’s thick, wide-cuffed gloves were covered in ash and soot, as was the front of her shirt and her denims. There were smudges of the same on her nose, her forehead and cheeks. Her eyes stung and watered from the hot haze the burning wood emitted. Her arms hurt from pushing and pulling and lifting the long irons. Linda had been branding all morning. As each calf was brought down, she would come running out of the corral, quickly grab an iron, and sprint back to apply the searing end with the letters Bar LB glowing red hot to the calf’s hip. The animal’s hide would sizzle and a billowing cloud of smoke combine with the critter’s bawl of pain and fear, and Leatrice’s heart would give a turn.
She pitied most the bull calves that were chosen to be altered to steers. Not only must they endure branding, ear slitting and vaccination, but also castration and dehorning, all done within the matter of a minute or two. She decried such cruel practices, even if they were a necessity. During the branding only the hair roots were burned. That operation was accomplished within a matter of seconds. As to the other measures, if the steers were not dehorned they would bruise one another as they were shipped to market. Neither the steer nor the buyer would appreciate that happening. The heifers on the other hand were permitted to keep their horns to protect and defend the young they would eventually bear. Castration was necessary so the bull calves chosen for eventual shipping to market would not spend their time searching out heifers or cows but instead eat and grow fat and bring a good price. Vaccination was necessary to keep the animals free of disease. Ear slitting was important for identification purposes.
All of the reasons were valid, but to Leatrice not born and reared to the cold, hard facts of working cattle, the entire procedure felt cruel and heartless. She moved aside as Linda, all spry energy came running out of the corral to draw an iron.
“Lee, Seth wants you to try your hand at branding while I get lunch out of the pickup.”
Leatrice froze.
“Well, come on, they’re working a bull calf,” Linda said. Seth shouted over the corral fence as he rode his horse and wielded the lasso to snag the calves. “Hurry up, Lee, the boys can’t hold him down much longer.” Leatrice’s mouth had gone dry and her legs refused to move. Linda watched her curiously. The shock and revulsion on Leatrice’s face were there for anyone to see. Linda’s mouth twisted into a wry grin. With her gloved hands she pulled out a branding iron from the fire and ran back into the corral.
Whatever Linda said to Seth brought him out of the corral on his stallion. The breadth and height of man and horse together, and the inflexibility of his      voice as he demanded, “What’s wrong with you?” overwhelmed Leatrice. Her larynx refused to function even when Seth dismounted and grasped her by the shoulders. Adrenaline was high and tempers short with the exertion and chaos of a branding session. “What the hell is wrong with you?” Seth demanded.
Words staggered from her throat. “I-I c-can’t, I-I won’t. I-I don’t know how,” she stammered, falling upon the most logical excuse she could devise. “Oh, come off it, Lee. You’ve been around cattle long enough now to at least give it a try.” Seth had never seen her so pale or her composure that unhinged. The part of him that had grown used to her felt compassion and some of his impatience left him. He released her, giving her a moment to gather her wits. He understood her inexperience. He’d help her. “Come on, Lee,” Seth urged, taking her elbow.
“NO!” Leatrice fairly screamed, snatching her elbow free. “I won’t go in there. The entire corral is filled with blood and dust and droppings, and — and calves bawling in pain. I won’t go in there, I tell you!”
“How the devil did you run the Bar LB in the first place?” Seth growled at her, what compassion he had felt gone up in fury.
“I already told you. I handled the business end. My foreman and the ranch hands took care of the rest.”
It was a poor excuse for a woman who had set out to prove herself worthy to be a rancher’s wife, but her nervous system was reacting violently to the idea of entering the branding corral.
Seth studied her, grey-green eyes coldly appraising her upturned face and its blanched pigment, before his mouth compressed into a thin, angry line. When he grabbed an iron and forced the handle into her reluctant palm, she knew he was not going to accept her defaulting.
Another bull calf had been snagged and thrown. The terrified animal was sprawled on its side and stretched taut between Leatrice’s foreman Tanner and another cowhand. Linda was preparing to inoculate it. The needle alone was the length of her hand and looked to be at least a quarter of an inch in diameter. Another man had just slit the tip of the calf’s ear in such a manner that the calf could easily be identified as belonging to the Bar LB in case the seared-on brand failed to do so. Binney, Seth’s foreman, was at the bull calf’s lower end, wielding a knife and about to castrate the animal. Another cowhand was about to dehorn it, the instrument in his hand the ugliest tool Leatrice had ever seen. The calf was squealing and bawling. The smell of blood and droppings was so strong it was turning her stomach and smothering her breath. Tanner, seeing Leatrice literally dragged into the corral, her gaze fixed rigidly on the bull calf, and Seth gripping her elbow, holding her there while he thrust instructions into her ear on how to brand, understood clearly the reason for the panic gathering in Leatrice’s eyes. He moved his knee and his hand to cover and close the bawling calf’s mouth, and block its face with its pained, bulging eyeballs from Leatrice’s view. Unintentionally, his action was the added straw that broke the camel’s back. In Leatrice’s eyes it personified cruelty incarnate. Helpless to change matters, she could stand no more. Her legs grew weak and buckled. She swayed. From somewhere far away she heard Tanner hollering something to Seth. Blessedly, and for the first time in her pampered, sophisticated life, Leatrice Meredith collapsed in a dead faint.
She woke with Seth holding her inside the pickup.
“Lee, are you all right?” he asked. Her attempt to sit up was met by an attack of vertigo. Everything around her spun furiously, hurling her back into Seth’s arms. It had all been too much, too soon, Seth forcing her to be a part of the bull calf’s trauma. She had gone with him that morning determined to prove her worth, not realizing that her inexperience would make the animal’s trauma her own. “I’ve never fainted before,” she said, keeping her eyes closed. “It was too much, too soon. A year is an awful short time to adapt. I’m sorry.” A wave of nausea followed. She put her hands to her head, groaning, “Oh God,” as pain shot upward from the back of her head to her crown and spread to her temples.
“Easy now, just relax. I’m sorry, Lee. I thought you were just being squeamish. I didn’t realize how upset you were.”
His apology and the concern threading his voice soothed and calmed her. “I’ll be all right. I need to rest a little.”
“I’ll take you home,” he said.
Halfway back to the ranch the unavoidable jolting of the pickup over the dirt road caused the nausea to worsen. Leatrice covered her mouth, about to retch. Seth braked to a stop and had her out of the pickup and to the side of the road within seconds. She felt deathly sick. Tears and sobs mixed freely with her stomach’s upheaval. When there was nothing left to upheave, Seth handed her his handkerchief. “All right?” he asked.
Inside the pickup, he made her lie face up across the seat with her head on his lap and her eyes closed. She slept as he drove.
When they reached the house, he woke her and helped her out of the pickup. “Go to bed,” he told her. “And forget supper. I’ll eat at the bunkhouse with the boys.”
“No. I’ll have supper ready for you. I’m better.” She wasn’t going to give Linda the pleasure of gloating while serving him his meal. She gazed directly into Seth’s eyes, holding herself stiff, not wanting to betray that her stomach felt as though it had been knotted into a bow tie. Wasted effort. Seth was not fooled. He shook his head in exasperation, reading the firm resolution in her limpid blue eyes. “Then make it simple. Sandwiches and coffee will do for tonight. He turned and started to climb into the pickup, then paused in the act and partly turned. “Are you sure you’re all right?” he asked.
“Yes, I’m feeling much better,” Leatrice assured him, but the paleness of her cheeks and the whiteness about her mouth and the pained look in her eyes belied her reassurance.
“Go to bed, Lee. I’ll be late coming back.”
“I’ll have supper ready,” Leatrice insisted.
Daft in the head, that’s what she was, Seth thought, and more stubborn than an ornery mule. Likely to pass out before she reached the door, and here she was insisting upon cooking dinner for him. Ahhh, damn the branding! Damn the Bar LB and damn the Triple R! He couldn’t just leave her like that.
He climbed down and without forewarning lifted Leatrice into his arms. “I’ll cook supper tonight.”
Two aspirins, a hot shower and a short nap later, Leatrice sat down to chicken and potatoes and fresh coffee.
“Now you do look better,” Seth commented as he served Leatrice. She nodded, smiling, and poured herself a cup of coffee. “I’d like to go back with you in the morning,” she offered.
“No, you’re not cut out for this life.” He spoke without malice, simply stating a fact.
“But I have to go back. You know I’ve never been one to run from a challenge.” “Lee, it’s not worth it. There are only six months left to our deal, and we both can do without the added aggravation.”
She would have argued, but his reference to only six months left to their deal erased any illusions she’d been fool enough to create that he might be growing to love her. Leatrice concentrated on eating her food.
In the morning, per his norm, he rose, dressed warmly, went to the barn and milked Bessie. Leatrice cooked and served their breakfast, as had become her norm. She listened without comment as Seth mentioned briefly that there remained quite a few calves to be worked on. Soon after, he left for the branding corral, and Leatrice prepared to tackle the milk separator.
The milk separator was referred by some as the “monster.” It was an important looking machine made up of a large round stainless steel bowl with valves and discs that channeled into spouts through which the cream and the milk flowed separately. The machine required daily washing, but Linda had taught her a short cut, to fill the separator with hot water and let it rinse clear. Then once a week, take the separator apart and give it a thorough cleaning.
The tricky, ominous part was putting the thing back together again. If the discs inside the casing were not replaced exactly right, when the milk to be separated was poured into the bowl and passed through the discs, the result was immediate disaster. During the week Leatrice had washed the separator, dried all the parts and assembled them all together again. But this time not as carefully as she thought. This morning she went about quietly and methodically pouring Bessie’s milk into the large steel bowl at the top of the separator and began to operate the machine. She screamed as the milk spurted in every direction conceivable.
She sat down, gloriously covered in milk curds, along with the walls, the ceiling, the utilities, the table, the chairs, and the frayed linoleum. As the fates would have it, the back door suddenly swung open and Seth walked in. “I forgot—" was        all he got out before the whitewashed scene registered. “What the hell—" Leatrice allowed him to say no more. She rose, and though not sure if her retaliatory action was aimed at the “monster” or at the incredulous look on Seth’s face, or what in fact she was accomplishing, she pushed the “monster” over the edge of the counter and watched with vindictive pleasure as it crashed to the floor and came apart. The fact that she had probably broken it, the money that would be necessary to repair it, or buy a new one, was of the least importance to her at the moment. What was most frustrating, was the amount of work she would have to do to clean up the mess. She glanced at Seth whose expression wavered between disbelief at her predicament and exasperation at her revenge. Whatever he was about to say, Leatrice warned him, “Don’t you dare say a word.” And with that, she stalked from the kitchen into the family room. She entered    her bedroom, slammed the door shut behind her, and pondered miserably how in the past two days she had proved to Seth what a presumptuous fool she was.
When Seth returned home that evening, the kitchen was spotless. Supper was ready and waiting. He hung up his coat and Stetson by the door. “Pot roast smells good,” he remarked. He washed up and sat down to supper. Leatrice said nothing. “By the way, what about the separator?” he asked, noticing its absence. “It’s in the repair shop,” she replied. She was standing up through sheer will power. Never in her life had she worked so hard cleaning up. Seth sliced the pot roast. He served himself a hefty portion along with the green beans and boiled potatoes. “Lee, in the future, go easy on my machinery, will you?” Leatrice glared at him, bristling with indignation.
He had the distinct impression that the only reason she did not throw the food at him was because she had worked so hard cleaning the kitchen. She must be aching to lie down and sleep for the next twenty hours. Instead she knocked off two tears with the back of her hand, and got on with the business of eating. He admired her, and this time he did not run from the feeling.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

The mares foaled in June and Leatrice promptly fell in love with each new baby-faced, gangly critter that struggled awkwardly to its legs. Forget-me-nots bloomed across the country and Seth once told her their flowers matched the color of her eyes. The warm weather brought friends and guests, and fishing in the rambling creek that flowed over rocks and stones behind the ranch, through the miles of windswept pastures comprising the Triple R and the Bar LB. Leatrice and Seth often rode together through the lush green pastures and across the high grey ridges up into evergreen hills that barely missed skimming the cloud-dappled skies. Warm, rain-free evenings found them seated in front of the house, sipping a cool drink or a cup of coffee. Tanner and Binney customarily joined them, chatting over the day’s events and discussing the next day’s agenda. It was on such a night, after the two foremen had left, that Seth suggested Leatrice supervise the Triple R’s annual Fourth of July outing.
“After my mother died, Linda took over organizing the cookout. Did a pretty good job of it, too. But with the Bar LB to consider as well, I think the men sort of expect you to run things this year. Think you can handle it?”
A tall order, Leatrice reflected, and put that way, a challenge. “I’ll need help,” she replied honestly.
“Understandable. Linda and her mother will be on hand. You might ask the men’s wives to each bring a side dish. That should cut your work in half.” Leatrice had often helped her parents organize gala affairs. Of course, money and service had never been an issue. And after her fiasco at the branding, she welcomed the opportunity to redeem her self-esteem in Seth’s eyes.
“All right, but I’d rather not have Linda’s help. If I need advice I’ll ask one of the men’s wives.”
“Suit yourself, but don’t forget to invite her, and her family. Remember, Linda works here.”
She agreed, if grudgingly. An idea occurred to her. “By the way, would you mind if I also asked my parents to come down. I haven’t seen them since last summer and when I spoke to them on the telephone last month, mother mentioned wanting to visit.”
“Do you think they’d fit in?” Seth asked.
“My parents aren’t snobs, if that’s what you’re getting at. In fact, they’re easy to get along with. I think you’d like them.”
Seth contemplated the way her chin rose as she spoke of her parents. The past months had not been easy for her. He often wondered what there really was about him that made a woman as rich and beautiful as Leatrice turn her back on all her wealth and popularity to spend a year in his company. He did not consider himself handsome. Never had. He had a raspy voice and he lacked a witty tongue. Jokes met a quick death on his lips. His shoulders were much too big for his thirty-eight waist, and he had the hardest time finding boots big enough to fit him. Why any woman would go to the lengths Leatrice had, puzzled him to no end. And even more puzzling, that she continued not to tire of him or the rugged life he led.
She faced each challenge, not always successfully, but always with determination. Whenever she fell flat on her face, she climbed to her feet, however awkwardly, but ready for the next challenge. He wanted to meet her parents, to know what sort of folk could spawn such a woman. “Sure, why not,” he said. “They can use the cabin down the road, the one you stayed in as a paying guest. I’ll have the electricity turned on. Do your people ride?”
Leatrice’s laugh was rich and vibrant. “Very much so. My parents own stables in Upstate New York and run thoroughbreds in some of the State’s best competitions.” It would be good to see her parents again. To hug her mother and see her father smile, and listen to his husky laugh. She’d organize the best cookout that Seth had ever attended and show her parents how much she had grown in spirit, and all the practical knowledge she’d acquired. “I’ll call them first thing in the morning. They’ll be thrilled. Thanks,” she said.
“What’s your dad like?” Seth asked.
Leatrice formed a mental image of her father. “Genial, elegant, kind. He’s quite a guy.”
“I’m looking forward to meeting him,” Seth replied in earnest.
The following morning Leatrice called together Tanner and Binney. Side by side, the two foremen reminded her of a tall, rustic Jeff and a short, bristly Mutt. She came quickly to the point.
“Linda won’t be running the outing this year. I will.
The two foremen looked at each other. Ever since the branding session, word had spread that the two women were not on the best of terms. “I’d like one thing made clear,” Leatrice pointed out. “Linda is not to be consulted whatsoever on this cookout. She and her family will be invited, of course. But we three can plan and execute the best barbecue yet for all the ranch hands and their families.” Tanner hid a smile, agreeing. He liked seeing Leatrice take charge again. He had liked working for her when she had been the sole owner of the Bar LB. In the same manner as Seth, she had expected much of her employees, but treated each one fairly. Although not as experienced as Seth Driscoll in the manual side of the job, her willingness to listen and weigh advice had made it easy to work for her. “We’ll help all we can,” he promised.
“Yes, ma’am,” Binney seconded. “And I’ll spread the word to the men.” She was a plucky lady, Binney thought. Personally he found Linda snooty.
Leatrice explained, “Seth suggested that since this year’s outing involves both ranches, the men’s wives each bring a side dish. I’ll rely on you both to spread that information as well. Tanner, I’ll need you to help me determine the amount of food we’ll need. Binney, music is a must in my book. Do you know if any of the men play instruments?”
Tanner offered, “I play a mean guitar.”
Binney pulled back his shoulders. “And I can spit out a fair tune on the harmonica. Ben   is pretty good with his fiddle. Worked as a caller two years ago at the Critter Nugget in town, ‘case you’re interested in throwing in a square dance.”
“Would be nice to have some dancing after the meal.” She glanced at Tanner. “Can some of the boys put together a dance floor near the campsite?”
“Don’t see any reason why not,” Tanner replied.
Leatrice felt exhilarated. “Splendid. Round up the musicians and have them practice a few pieces.”
“Yes ma’am,” Tanner agreed cheerfully.
“I hope the weather holds out,” Leatrice said.
“Don’t you worry, ma’am,” Tanner assured. “Rain or shine, we’ll give the boys and their families a good time.”
That afternoon Leatrice telephoned her parents. “I’m fine, mother, just very busy,” she replied to the immediate inquiry. “Guess what, you and dad are invited for the weekend of the Fourth. She knew her mother well enough to recognize the emotional tremor in her reply. “Oh dear, that’s wonderful. Tom and I will fly over. Can I bring you anything, clothes, money — caviar?”
Leatrice smiled, picturing the sincerity on her mother’s face. “No mother, thank you, just yourself and Dad. I’ve missed you both so much.”
“We’ll be there, you can count on it.”
“Thank you mother.”
“Leatrice....”
“Yes, mother.
“You know that we love you.”
“Of course. And the feeling is mutual.”
“Right, dearest. Until the Fourth, then.”
“Goodbye, mother.”
“Goodbye, dearest.”
Later that week, Seth cleared the brush and debris accumulated on the property around the spare cabin and had the utilities turned on. And shortly before her parent's arrival, Leatrice cleaned the cabin’s two bedrooms and family room with loving care. She hung starched calico curtains on all the windows and put fresh flowers in each room.

CHAPTER TWELVE

“Lovely,” Beth Meredith remarked as Binney helped her husband bring in the luggage.
The reunion with her parents was like no other that Leatrice had previously experienced. She stayed longer than expected in her mother’s gardenia-scented embrace and nearly outdid her father in his hearty bear hug.
“Well, daughter, what’s on the agenda for today?” Tom asked.
“You’re both on your own for the next few hours. Unpack, refresh yourselves. The cabin has a full bath and lots of hot water. Seth is anxious to meet you. I’ll be at the house preparing supper. Hurry over when you’re ready.”
As she cooked the evening meal, she felt as excited as a kitten with its first ball of yarn. She put away thoughts of the months passing quickly and her year of residence drawing to a close.
Later at the dinner table, Beth and Tom, dressed in cashmere pullovers and jeans, did not seem to mind their simple surroundings. They joked and exchanged conversational tidbits. Leatrice listened happily, turning steaks on the stove and stirring potatoes and onions. Cinnamon-spiced apples bubbled in the oven. Seth walked into the enlivened kitchen and he smiled genuinely.
“Driscoll, correct?” Tom said, standing up. He immediately offered his hand.
Seth returned the handshake. He noticed immediately that Leatrice had her father’s eyes. The man’s manner was straightforward and open. His voice was deep and jolly and refined, and when he spoke Seth’s name it was jam-packed with respect.
Leatrice introduced her mother. Seth bent and kissed her cheek. She smelled of gardenias and her skin was as soft as that of a newborn pup. Beth glanced at her daughter. Leatrice had long since confided in her mother her feelings for Seth. And now that she’d met him, it was easy to see why her daughter had fallen in love with the sandy-haired rancher. He was a real man, no affectations, and a man of the earth. And a darn handsome one, too. He reminded her of Tom as he’d looked in college, especially on the football field. She wondered if his mind was as fine as her husband’s.
Seth glimpsed no trace of stuffiness or phoniness in the group seated at his table. They joked and laughed as they squeezed tighter at the table to make room for him, and he understood clearly the answer to what had puzzled him the most about Leatrice. Why she had not yet tired of him or their life together; why she stood up to all the challenges. She came from good stock.
The foursome kept their conversation over supper light, limiting themselves to questions and answers about the ranch, and the marvelous country surround-ing them. Leatrice suggested adjourning to the parlor for coffee.
“So tomorrow is the cookout,” Tom said, sitting down beside Beth. He occupied more than half of the old flowered couch.
Leatrice and Seth brought in chairs from the kitchen. Dropping into one, Seth explained, “The annual cookout, plus a raise in wages, is the Triple R’s way of saying ‘Thank you for a profitable hard year’s work.’” Running a ranch is much the same as running any other kind of business. A contented employee delivers the best work. I’m sure you’ve heard that theory before.”
“And a wise one,” Tom approved. “My daughter tells me that since the merger of the two ranches, profits have tripled, all due to your conscientious management. Seth grinned, faintly amused. “The term ‘Experience’ would explain it better. With a similar background, Leatrice would be capable of accomplishing the same.” The phone rang. Leatrice answered. She returned from the kitchen with the news, “The men and their families will assemble outside the house tonight so that everyone can ride into the valley below together and camp out by the lake. With a lot of help from our two foremen and the men’s wives, I have a barbecue planned for tomorrow that will knock your boots off.”
She could hardly contain herself. “First thing in the morning, at daybreak, the men go fishing. When they return, the women cook the catch over open fires. Sandwiches are served at noon and a side of beef is hung on a spit to cook slowly in readiness for the evening meal. In the meantime, the families talk, play games, and participate in contests. Sitting around the fire, toasting marshmallows, singing and telling stories is reserved for the night. We also plan a little square dancing. Tanner and Binney have built a wood floor for us near the campsite and coaxed a few of the musical minded hands to form an impromptu band. I only hope the weather stays as lovely as today’s.”
“Will you have to postpone the entire affair if it rains?” Beth asked. “I simply won’t. If it should rain, we’ll all head for the Bar LB. There’s plenty of room at the main house.”
“We’ve run into bad weather before,” Seth explained. The men come prepared. Their camping equipment normally includes tarpaulins and lightweight tents along with sleeping bags.”
“Well, then, we’ve nothing to worry about,” Leatrice said. Had she imagined a note of hostility in Seth’s remark? She tried to read his expression but it told her nothing. The Bar LB as yet did not legally belong to him. It would not be his property until the year was up and her hold on him was loosed. Perhaps her sugges-tion about adjourning to the Bar LB in case of rain had tread on his pride. He was very sensitive in that realm. Leatrice concentrated on pouring herself another cup of coffee and asking if anyone cared for a second also.
The weather held up and after all the tents were pitched by the lake, everyone retired for a good night’s rest. Several of the men, including Seth, took turns standing watch for bears or wolves.
By the time the sun had risen completely in the sky, the men had returned from fishing, and the women cooked the fish. Everyone sat down to a breakfast of fried trout, a variety of cheeses, thick fresh cream and fat homemade biscuits and pitchers of milk and coffee.
Seth was called upon to say Grace. A silence filled the camp as everyone at the tables bowed their heads and joined quietly in prayer. Never one to mince words, his prayer was simple and to the point. Leatrice watched him from the corner of her eye. He thanked the Lord for so much left of the herd after the hard winter, for the munificence before them, and the promise of good times ahead. His closing words touched her deeply. “Lord, continue to hold my loyal men and their families, all my stock and the ranches —  and my housekeeper — in the palm of your hand. Amen.” All chorused the “Amen.” Leatrice’s hopes rose. Not in all the months past had she felt that she belonged with him as when he uttered that final prayer. But had he meant it, or had he spoken the words only for the sake of those present?
Time flew. Lunch passed midst chatter and family games, Monopoly one of them. Some of the men played cards. The younger set conducted contests. Leatrice and Seth joined in one or two. The funniest was the race run with a spoon holding a potato. The contestants had to race with the spoon’s handle between their teeth. The first contestant to reach the finish line without dropping the potato was declared the winner. Leatrice and Seth were among the first to lose.
Unmaliced ribbing and honest laughter followed, until late afternoon when the side of beef was proclaimed cooked to perfection and Seth was commis-sioned to carve the meat.
Platters of salads and bread were uncovered, and pitchers filled with beer to overflowing. When the men and their families had done justice to all this abundance, desserts were served, including puddings and jello, and an assortment of pies, home baked of course, and lots of good strong coffee.
At sunset, the musicians began to play and the well-fed crowd wandered to the dance floor to partner and skip and sway and promenade across the boards to the tune of the caller.
Busy serving punch, Leatrice hardly noticed Seth inviting Linda to dance, but on second glance, the picture defined clearly. The green monster whispered in her ear. Leatrice scoffed at herself. don’t be ridiculous. Seth and she, herself, were the hosts and it was natural for them to mingle with the guests and partner them in dances. Seth had already danced with several of the women. Linda was only the next one in line. So what if she wore a sublime expression. It was just that Seth looked a little too happy. He’d had his fair share of the beer.
Jealously hollered in her ear. Slowly, deliberately, Leatrice removed her apron and walked over to the dancing couple. She tapped Linda on the shoulder. “May I cut in?” she asked, her gaze cold like blue-tinted ice pellets, daring Linda to refuse.
If looks could kill, then both women should have dropped to the floor lifeless. Linda, however, who had drunk her fair share of the beer as well, chose only to grin insidiously and tell Leatrice to go to hell. The green monster roared in Leatrice’s ear. Without remorse, she ground Linda’s foot under hers.
Linda squealed, dragging her foot free and rubbing it vigorously against her leg. “Are you going to let her get away with that?” she demanded, looking up at Seth, who watched the two mildly amused.
“What’s wrong, dear,” Leatrice drawled. “Too much dancing make your feet hurt?”
“Bitch!” Linda swore at her.
“How would you care for a punch in the jaw?” Leatrice threatened, drawing back her fist to do just that.
Seth grabbed her arm before she could make good her threat. “Is a slinging match on the program as well?” he asked.
“She’s a snake,” Leatrice hissed.
“Maybe we should take a walk near the lake,” Seth suggested, firmly escorting Leatrice off the dance floor.
Some teen-agers were waving sparklers. Above them, a thousand stars and a full moon had pinned themselves to a dark blue sky. The water of the lake reflected the heavenly bodies and shimmered as though silvery powder had been sprinkled over its rippling surface. A warm summer breeze toyed with the pines’ needles and fir and the lake water. Surrounded by such beauty, Leatrice calmed.
“Have you pulled in your claws?” Seth asked, holding her firmly in his arms. He did not want a childish scene to spoil the end of a perfect day. Leatrice had done a wonderful job of the cookout. Like daughter, like mother, he thought, as Beth Meredith had rolled up her sleeves and joined the other women in cooking and cleaning up afterwards. Her sophistication tempered with her willingness to work alongside the others had made her stand out. Dignity, that was the word that sprang to mind. Mother and daughter made him ponder the real meaning of the word. Tom Meredith also had permanently earned his respect. He’d participated in the fishing, the chopping of wood for the cooking fires. He had joined the men in standing guard over the camp to ward off any intruding wildlife. He’d drunk his beer but known when to stop, unlike three of the men who were now blissfully asleep under an evergreen. Seth wanted nothing to spoil all the good feelings he’d experienced today, the good feelings Leatrice had powered in him. She was a special kind of woman. She smelled of grass and spices. The night was young and the cover of spruce and pine tempting.
For Leatrice it was balm to the wounds inflicted by the green monster when Seth kissed her. She had worked very hard all week and Seth appeared satisfied with her efforts and with her family, meeting them with a receptive mind. For that she was grateful. One more memory to file under ecstasy, she sighed quietly, the beat of her heart quickening, as he lured her down gently to the grass.
A branch moved, but neither of the two lovers wrapped in each other’s arms noticed. Beth Meredith silently retreated, a smile on her lips. The moonlight trickled through pine and fir and dabbed the embracing couple in splashes of silver and emerald. Leatrice’s list of memories grew.
The campout was the talk of the town for weeks to come. “Some gal!” the men murmured happily as they moved the cattle up to the summer pastures where the air was cooler and free of pesky flies and the grass lush and thick. “Wealth, beauty and breeding and a heart to go along with them,” Tanner was quoted as saying. “Good woman,” Binney tacked on.
But if Leatrice expected Seth to declare his love and propose to her, or at least ask her to stay on after the year was up, after the kisses they’d shared, she was doomed once again to disillusion-ment. In the morning when they returned to the ranch and her parents left for New York, Seth was again distant, as if those moments by the lake had been nothing more than a dream. He stoically went about his chores running the two ranches. Leatrice resumed her duties as house-keeper and at night in her room she buried her face in her pillow and wept.
The summer months flew, too quickly.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

The summer months flew, too quickly. Leatrice watched them fade into Fall — August and September with its rodeos and competitions, fairs, and joint harvesting between neighbors; September with its colder nights and a sense of preparation, getting everything ship-shape for the winter. Seth and his men began cutting and storing wood for heating during the winter, and started on repairs to fences and machinery. In late September and October the calves were brought down from the mountains and into the hayfields. The cattle were moved to the winter pastures on lower ground. The business of buying and selling was attended to; cows worked on — pregnancy tests;  the drys and cripples sold;  a sort of wrapping up of the ranch activities of the past ten months.
The closer November came, the more Leatrice blinded her thoughts to the day of reckoning, and the deeper she buried the bottle of gall that would be hers to drink. But time is a merciless erodent.
She woke on the anniversary of her arrangement with Seth to find herself alone in the house.
At first she thought she’d overslept and Seth was out milking Bessie. She dressed hurriedly in her shirt and denims and sneakers and went into the kitchen. The bucket filled with Bessie’s milk sat on the counter. Her next thought was that perhaps Seth had gone out to do some early morning errand. She made breakfast and kept it warm for the moment he should walk through the back door, shrug out of his coat and Stetson and hang them up on the clothes hook nearby.
As the hours passed and still he did not come, Leatrice began to wonder and grow apprehensive. It was almost noon when she remembered to look at the calendar on the wall for a notation or reminder that would tell her why Seth had left so early and where he might have gone. Today’s date was boldly circled in red. It was then that she knew. She recalled the evening before. Seth had been rather quiet during supper. Later he invited her to sit with him before the fireplace in the parlor. When he placed his arm about her shoulders, she nestled comfortably by his side, not asking, nor wanting to know, why he’d withdrawn from her the morning following the cookout. In an arrangement as unorthodox as theirs, to plague him with questions about his feelings for her might push him away. It was enough to know that he still  found her desirable and if she tried hard and waited long enough, his logic occasionally gave way to his emotions. When he nuzzled her ear and kissed the side of her neck sending pleasant little shivers up and down her spine, then suddenly took her   into his arms, she thought her heart would burst with happiness. For certain he’d finally accepted the truth. Unexpectedly he released her, stood up and for a long moment contemplated her upturned face, her expression willing, waiting, and hoping.
“I’ve had a pretty rough day, Lee, and tomorrow I expect the same. If you don’t mind, I’ll retire early.”
He waited for her answer. With all her being she wished he’d stay, but coming home exhausted was the norm for him rather than the exception. The fact that he was asking her made her feel that she was important to him. His moods were not easy for her to fathom, but his comfort was important to her. “Of course, Seth. Is there anything I can get for you? A warm glass of milk or hot chocolate?”
He smiled, that special warm easy smile that always left         her breathless. “Thank you, no. Supper was great. But I really am exhausted. Good night Leatrice.” He started for his bedroom, then turned and gazed at her. She had the feeling he was imprinting on his mind her every line and curve, her mouth, her nose, and her eyes. “You know, Leatrice, you really are a helluva of woman.” He touched his forehead, saluting her, then turned and entered his bedroom and shut the door.
As she did late every night before retiring herself, she opened his bedroom door ever so quietly to check that he was comfortable and asleep. It was a caring practice she’d picked up from her mother. He lay quietly on his side, his back to the door, the steady rhythmic rise and fall of his shoulders indicating he was fast asleep. Ever so quietly she closed the door.
Staring at that date circled in red, now she understood his actions and his words last night. He’d fought one last battle with his emotions, and she had lost. “We have to talk,” she murmured to herself and promptly went out to look for Seth. There was no sign of him near the house. She walked to the bunkhouse and went into the kitchen. Linda was bent over a pot on the wood-burning stove, stirring something that smelled of carrots and beef. She was dressed in shirt and denims under a pretty blue and white-checkered apron, and she had on leather boots. A blue silk ribbon held back the soft brown strands of her hair from the muted suntan of her country girl face.
Sensing a presence in the doorway, Linda turned and as both women stared at each other, the room filled with an audible, tangible tension. “Ma’am, I’ll go see to the bags.” It was Binney, sitting in a corner in the shadows.
He did not look at Leatrice as he walked past her. His bristly jaw was set tightly.
Bags, what bags? Leatrice turned to Linda. “Where’s Seth?” Brown eyes sprinkled generously with gold flecks, gleamed triumphantly. She opened a cupboard and pulled out a manila envelope. “Seth and I drove to the Bar LB yesterday. “Here,” she said handing the envelope to Leatrice. “Moneys and papers pertinent to you, and the airline ticket for the next flight out. Your clothes at the LB, Seth and I packed them and brought them down in the pickup.” Like arsenic-spiked frosting, she added, “Binney awaits your richness’ convenience.”
Leatrice felt the floor beneath her open and swallow her as the full import of Linda’s flat, cruel statements struck home. Seth had left the house early so that she could be gone and out of his life by the time he returned in the evening. The plot was played out, the play ended. It was time to bring down the curtain and exit. With an anguished cry, Leatrice turned and fled.
Inside the kitchen she had shared with Seth for the past year, she dropped into a chair. Sobs racked her as she buried her face in her hands. The table, set with the breakfast dishes and a basket filled with slices of bread she had kneaded and baked the day before, caught the tears that streamed through her fingers. These past few months neither Seth nor she had mentioned their arrangement. Once again she’d fooled herself into believing that Seth had forgotten about it. That he had slowly grown fond of her, become accustomed to her, wanted her now to remain with him. That all her scheming and plotting had been quietly swept under the rug and consigned to the tug of war and foreplay between lovers. That she would go on living with Seth Driscoll for the rest of her life.
The truth, she pondered between sobs, was another matter. The year was up. Seth had fulfilled his part of the agreement. The Triple R and the Bar LB belonged to him. It was time for her to go. The cowgirl act was over.
Tears and self-recriminations were useless. When she returned to her parent’s home, men would again flock to her feet, falling over each other to gain her favor. She thought, half-laughing, half-choking, the best part would be no more housework, no more daring the milk separator, no more rounding up cattle, no more getting her stomach into gear. No tall sandy haired rancher, broad-shouldered and rustic to care for, to hold her in his arms, to live for.
She went into the bedroom and faced herself in the mirror over the bureau. Her features were drawn and pale and her eyes red and swollen from her bout of crying. Her fingers shook with sheer unhappiness as she loosed the red ribbon that held her hair in a ponytail. During the year her hair had lengthened until it reached past her shoulders in soft chestnut waves. Here and there, where the sun had bleached it, a gold strand glinted. A smile flitted across her lips. How often in the past had she bleached and frosted her hair artificially to achieve this same effect. She passed a roughened knuckle across her cheek. The once-matte complex-ion of her face had tightened and hardened and tanned. Her hands, once velvety to the touch and cream-colored, were roughened and dark. Her fingernails always kept attractively filed and enameled were cut short and chipped. Inside she had also changed. Her code of values, her understanding of life, its harshness, its beauty, its reality, she had a deeper understanding of what they were. On Seth’s ranch there had been no servants, no cosmetics, no air fresheners, no luxuries, and no mists or veils to falsely enhance or hide the simple refreshing beauty and earthy crudity of life and death at its most natural.
In time her exterior would revert to the old Leatrice — smooth, polished, rich and sought after. She would be again, Leatrice Meredith, sophisticate, matte-skinned. But inside, she would remain forever Driscoll’s lady, as Binney had taken to calling her since she had fainted  at the branding session earlier  that year.
Desperately unhappy, Leatrice turned away from the mirror. The unmade bed beckoned and she straightened the bedding as neatly as she could. She went into Seth’s room and set about making his bed. The dry, leathery odor of his body lingered in the severe muslin. She pressed the edge of the sheet to her lips. Her eyes brimmed anew with tears. Never to know fully the passionate embrace of his arms, the caress of his hands, the firm touch of his mouth. Never to experience the exquisite heights of sensuality he was capable of letting her reach. She let the muslin slide from her hands as she knew she must let all hope of Seth loving her slide from her heart. She steeled herself against the inevitable and finished making the bed.
Inside the parlor the hearth gaped cold and empty, like        her future. She did not pack      any clothes. Leatrice Meredith’s belongings waited in the back of the pickup. She went into the kitchen. Somehow she could not bring herself to clear the table of the unused breakfast dishes; there would be no dirty dishes to wash. A pencil lolling in a corner of the counter prompted her to write Seth a goodbye note. Briefly and truthfully, without shame or compunction, she wrote:
Seth,
My heart is tearing in two because I don’t want to go. The hardships, the lack of luxuries, these no longer faze me as long as I can be close to you. You want me to leave; therefore I’ll leave. But I’ll never stop loving you or wanting you. For having known you I’ve become a stronger person, and no one and nothing can take from me the moments we’ve shared. If you should ever need me, my dearest darling, remember Driscoll’s Lady and just call.
― Lee
She placed the letter inside Seth’s empty cereal bowl on the table. She said goodbye to the kitchen, to the cabinets with their multicoats of scarred enamel, to the dark raw patches on the worn linoleum, to the antiquated utilities and the milk separator, to the table and the chairs.
Tears streamed down her face uncontrolled as she left the house. Inside the pickup, Binney kept glancing at her. “Damn fool,” he uttered under his breath more than once as he drove toward the airport.
“Seth’s a damn fool!” he finally exploded, while carrying her luggage into the airport. “You’re the woman for him,” he growled. “You’re strong inside, like him. Give you a few years and you’d be as good as any of the ranchers’ wives hereabouts.” Leatrice smiled sadly. “I’d sure as hell try,” she said, and kissed Binney on his old, stubble-layered cheek.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

When Seth returned in the early afternoon, Linda rode out to meet him. “She’s gone,” she greeted him, a bit breathless. Not unexpectedly, the statement hurt and Seth swallowed hard. He noted the triumph on Linda’s face and how sharply her petite features shone in the pale November sunlight. He was silent as they rode their horses into the stable. Linda, wise enough not to interfere with his thoughts, rode quietly beside him. Once the horses were unsaddled and brushed down, her only parting remark was, “I’ll be over with supper as soon as it’s ready. She felt awkward to say more, but she was confident of drawing together the threads of their previous relationship, now that Leatrice was out of the picture.
Seth walked into his kitchen, removed his gloves, hat and coat and hung them up. A voice greeted him, melodious and rich, like a gold piece hitting a pane of glass. He turned, but no one was there. He had imagined the sound. It had been only an echo of his thoughts. The house was silent and empty.

In the airport lounge, Leatrice sat at a small table waiting for the announcement over the intercom that her plane was ready for boarding. She had ordered a drink but not touched it. The lump in her throat refused to dissolve, despite that the tears had dried. She felt cold and shivered.
Someone at the bar behind   her laughed, a rich throaty laugh. Leatrice turned quickly, whisper-ing, “Seth?” A tall, stocky cowboy eyed her curiously before tipping his Stetson and smiling invitingly. Leatrice looked away.

Seth dropped into his seat at the table. He did not feel well. He’d developed a splitting headache. He rubbed his forehead and as he did so, he saw the envelope inside the empty cereal bowl. He picked it up and opened it and pulled out the note. When he had finished reading it, he put it down with a raspy chuckle. “Damn you, woman,” he whispered hoarsely.

On line at the tarmac, her luggage checked and loaded, Leatrice waited, ticket in hand, to climb the ramp and board the plane that would shuttle her to Billings, where she would catch a connecting flight to the East Coast. The line began to move. Both the attendant at the top of the ramp and the group on line preparing to board suddenly stopped to stare, eyes widening and ears hearkening with alarm at the distant sound growing louder by the second of a horse’s whinny and the clatter of galloping hoofs. Thundering across the tarmac toward the plane a horse and rider materialized. The passengers-to-be watched astonished as a cowboy wearing a lambskin shearling coat and heavy denims and boots, and a battered Stetson perched lazily on his sandy-haired head, reared his bay stallion to a halt in front of Leatrice.
Leatrice trembled from the sheer power of the moment. What could Seth want? Ah, perhaps legal documents would need signing before the transfer of the two properties was complete. Why else would he come tearing across the airfield toward her? She watched his gloved hands pull back on the reins as the horse snorted and moved its legs nervously. Raising her gaze to Seth’s tanned, rugged features that always appeared hewn from the rock of the land, she was surprised to find a fierce tenderness in his eyes that she had never seen there before. His voice held a raspy gentleness as, extending a gloved hand to her from atop his stallion, all he said was, “Lee — Leatrice?” And when she re-mained speechless and immobile, afraid to believe, “Well, come on my lady,” he added, his mouth breaking into a broad smile, a beautiful smile that lit his face and burned warm in his eyes, grey-green like the sage-brush that swayed in the wind under the sun and the occasional burst of clouds in the Montana sky. What she read further in those eyes as they crinkled at the corners under the influence of that smile, made her cry out, “Oh Seth, oh my darling, oh thank God!” She tore the ticket to shreds and threw the pieces up into the air. Grabbing hold of Seth’s proffered hand, she braced one foot on his boot in the stirrup and helped him swing her up and behind him.
“Hold on tight, woman,” Seth called over his shoulder, as he pulled the reins to the side and kneed his horse to turn and break into a gallop. With her arms wrapped tightly about his waist she buried her face in the nape of his neck.
Feeling Leatrice’s tears of joy dampen the short curly hairs on his neck, Seth experienced a new and wonderful exhilaration. He whooped excitedly. “Come on, boy,” he urged his horse to go faster. He wanted to be home with Leatrice. To kneel before the hearth and light a fire to warm the parlor, and then he wanted Leatrice in his arms. And more than this, he wanted Leatrice for his wife. No use denying it any longer. He needed her, desired her, with his mind, with his heart and with his body and soul. He could not imagine life without her.

Three days later they had exchanged their vows before a parson and in the company of the Aubreys and Beth and Tom Meredith. When they were alone and ecstasy flowed from one to the other, when their souls and minds and bodies were one, when their breath mixed as his mouth sought the sweetness of hers, Seth told her how her brief letter of goodbye had jolted him to his senses. How her selfless, humble words of love were the final twist of the key that unlocked the door to his heart. He told her how that afternoon when he had returned and found her gone, and suddenly fully realized that she would no longer be there to greet him in the evening with that proud tilt to her chin and that haughty dominance in her blue eyes, that pride and dominance that she struggled so arduously to temper before his presence, he had felt destitute, lost, and utterly miserable. Not to wake to her voice when the first rays of dawn lit the sky, the thought of it had made him run to the stable and bridle and saddle his horse.
Linda had intercepted him at the gate. “Seth, where are you going?” There was no time for explanations. He had to reach Leatrice before she boarded the plane. “Linda, I’m sorry. I can’t let her go.” He shook his head helplessly. “I love her.”
“Seth, she’s bewitched you. She’s no good for you,” Linda pleaded. “Let her go!” she screamed, seizing the stallion’s bridle.
“Linda, get out of the way. I told you, I love her, more than I can ever love you. I’m sorry, but that’s the way it is.” The finality of his statement, the determined tone of his voice, and the growing impatience and anger on his face shocked Linda into letting go of the bridle. He meant it. He loved Leatrice. She’d lost him forever. But then, had he ever truly belonged to her.
Riding his stallion like a man possessed, it would not have mattered if he did not reach her in time, because he’d have followed Leatrice to the ends of the earth. And if she had changed her mind about her feelings for him, then his life would be a living hell until he could make her love him and desire him again.
But he had been in time. And from the way she was holding him on this their wedding night, murmuring his name over and over again, cooing in his arms like a dove, there would be no need to beg for her love. It remained his. He would need now to conserve that love, nurture it, cultivate it, until it rooted so firmly that no obstacle, no amount of sorrow or tribulation, could uproot it.
A commotion erupted outside and the front door rattled under someone’s loud banging. Seth and Leatrice reluctantly let go of each other to throw on their robes in a hurry.
When Seth unlocked the front door, the space before them was empty. Further away, Tanner carried Linda, shrieking and kicking, pegged over his shoulder, to the pickup. Flinging the door to the driver’s side open, he deposited her on the seat, then quickly climbed in beside her, reaching for her before she could escape from the other side.
Leatrice turned to Seth worriedly.
“Don’t worry,” Seth advised. “Tanner would never hurt her. I’ve been watching those two this past year. And I’ve got a hunch about them.” Leatrice cast another glance at the pair in the pickup. Linda had abandoned herself to Tanner’s arms and she was crying. He held her, gently stroking her back. The tender expression on his face was unmistakable.”
“Yes, I see it.” She smiled up at Seth and was rewarded for her logic by a kiss that made her almost swoon. Seth lifted her into his arms and carried her back inside, kicking the door shut behind him.
“Wait, wait a minute,” Leatrice squirmed in his arms, trying to gather her wits about her. “Now put me down. I can’t think straight when you’re holding me and we have something to discuss.”
“Like what,” he asked, dropping her on his bed. At the moment all he wanted to do was make love to her again.
“Well, for one thing,” she began trying unsuccessfully to get up and past him. “Tomorrow morning I want you to get hold of a shopper’s catalog. I believe it’s time we did some redecorating. This place is ― Seth!”
Seth pinned Leatrice’s arms to the mattress.
“You were saying,” he drawled seductively.
Leatrice was determined to have her say. “This place is absolutely Middle Ages!”
“Minx,” Seth accused, refusing to let her go. “Now that you’ve dug your hooks into me, figure you can throw your weight around.”
“Naturally,” Leatrice replied.
“Don’t let the fact that I’m head over heels in love with you, or that I need you desperately, go to your head,” Seth mocked lovingly.
“Have I scored that well?”
Seth nodded. “You have what you always wanted — the power to break my heart.” It was costing him to admit how much he’d come to need her, but he’d already consigned his pride to hell. If love was blinding him and Leatrice was deceiving him.... Even the thought of it was painful. “Lee?” The pain showed on his face. Leatrice saw it immediately. “Darling, my heart is soldered to yours. If I broke your heart, mine would shatter along with it.
The fear dispersed and Seth smiled. “All right, so we fix up the house. And later we’ll call Netti and see if she’s available for rehire. Satisfied?”
“Who is Netti?” Leatrice asked perplexed.
“My former housekeeper, Mrs. McKenna. Don’t you remember?”
“Oh, yes, of course. It’s that first name basis that throws me. In New York we don’t usually — “
“You’re not in New York,” Seth admonished, “You’re here with me in our home, in our bedroom, and it’s the morning after our wedding,” he said, his voice full of implications.
Lee nodded. “That’s right, I’m not in New York.” She caressed his jaw.
The touch of her fingers fueled the fire of his passion and he bent to kiss her.
“One more thing,” she said.
Seth lifted his head. What else could she want from him? He’d already given her power of attorney over his very soul. “Now what, shrew?”
Laughter dotted Leatrice’s voice. “So now I’m a shrew; a she-devil, a wealthy, spoiled easterner, and now a shrew. You do have a way with flattery.” Seth’s eyebrows narrowed. He suddenly looked dangerous. Leatrice stopped talking. And Seth burst out laughing.
“Why you — " Leatrice fought to free herself, but Seth was stronger, or perhaps Leatrice was not trying very hard.
He kissed the tip of her nose. “Finish what you were asking,” he ordered. Leatrice fought for composure. She took a deep breath. “All right. Darling, could I add ‘mother’ to that list of flatteries.”
Seth lifted his head in earnest and studied the yearning in her eyes, fully aware that she could read the longing in his. “Mrs. Driscoll,” he said softly, “God willing, that goes with the territory.”
Leatrice literally glowed with contentment. His reply was everything she could have hoped for and much more.
Seth had read somewhere that in every life there comes a moment of truth when everything changes and nothing is ever the same again. This was his moment of truth, the woman he adored and admired, in his arms, clinging to him, whispering softly, “I love you.”
Emotion welled and overflowed. “You’re my life,” Seth replied, releasing her and taking her into his arms. “The living, breathing other part of me. I belong to you completely.”
“As I belong to you — completely,” Leatrice whispered. Clearly time would draw them ever closer, strengthening and cementing their relationship. Their differences, their stations in life, would blend, as had the Triple R and the Bar LB. Seth and she would be as one.
“As I belong to you, completely,” she repeated. “Now and forever, Driscoll’s Lady.

♥♥

OTHER BOOKS AND E-BOOKS
by Paula Freda
also known as
Marianne Dora Rose



Meet Michael Sands for the first time in
Wild Yellow Clover and Honey Wheat Sage
(Macey and Cal's story)

Backcover Blurb

Tanner and Linda hoped that their daughter had finally learned her lesson, when because of her ill-placed stubbornness, she was almost killed in a cave-in.
Morally at heart, Macey is a decent girl, when steered in the right direction, away from her wild side, sweet as clover and as potentially toxic. Nearing her twenty-first birthday, her habit of developing unrequited crushes has taken its toll. She has been fortunate the groups she hung with were decent young people. No one regarded her seriously, or took advantage of her vulnerability. Macey was pretty, blonde, slender, with attractive curves. But she distanced prospective suitors with her flirtatious over anxiousness to form a relationship the moment she met someone who fit her idea of the perfect hero and offered her a friendly smile. The few who fell for her first, but did not fit her view of the perfect physical specimen, she steered away from, or with the utmost kindness, firmly rejected them, even Cal, the Driscolls' younger son, a fine young man, and new foreman on their ranch. He saw past the silky blonde hair, the pretty face and slender form, and the curves, and the ill-placed stubbornness. He saw into her heart, morally and intrinsically kind. She just had not figured out where she fit in. He wished it was in his arms, but she didn't want him. If he'd been as handsome as his older brother, Tom, and as smart, teaching History at Montana Tech, she'd be his wife by now. But, no matter, he thought. The Driscoll stubbornness ran in his veins. He would protect her, appreciated or not, at least until she found someone who saw her as he did, and captured her heart....

Excerpt 1.
.Another man approached the table. This one was the youngest of the three. He had blonde wavy hair, and beautiful blue eyes. And they were gazing at her with deep interest. "She has grown into a beautiful young woman, Cal." He bent and took the hand she had snatched from the Englishman. "You don't remember me, do you? But you were very young when my parents and I spent a week at the Driscoll's ranch. I only saw you a couple of times when your father worked as foreman at the Bar LB."
Macey rummaged through her memories. Her father had brought her down to the Bar LB on several occasions. But she had no memory of the blonde Adonis standing before her and holding her hand in a tender clasp. "I don't remember you at all," she said honestly.
He smiled, and Macey swallowed.
He said, "I know, we were both very young, and I didn't take well to strangers. I'm Michael Sands. My parents and Cal's parents have been good friends for many years."

EXCERPT 2:
... “Excuse me.” Michael said. “May I,” he asked Cal.
Neither she, nor Cal, had noticed him approaching them.
She felt Cal tense, then relax. “Of course,” he said. He let go. Macey experienced the weirdest sensation — a sudden void. But Michael taking her into his arms, redirected her thoughts. He fit her image of the perfect man, and the way he looked at her as they danced, gave her hope. Admiration. That's what she saw on his face. Admiration from someone who fit her image of a man she could fall in love with, someone who sent warm tingling flashes up her spine, as he twirled her under his arm and bent her backwards to place a kiss on her lips.
It was a memorable moment in her life, spoiled only with something she caught sight of from the corner of her eye. Cal standing at the perimeter of the dance floor, watching, resigned, turning away, dreams shattered.

♥♥
*****************************




    When Lexie accepted Chris' proposal, she felt no doubt.  At her father's insistence they agreed to wait at least until she had finished college, especially if she planned to help Chris with his dream of one day owning a horse ranch of his own.  Chris had opted for a trade and agricultural school, learning how to farm and breed horses.  Perhaps if they had attended the same college, she might be Chris' wife today, but the distance and the separations, and the new world that Lexie suddenly found herself in, was too much of a distraction.  Suddenly there were handsomer and smarter young men who wanted to date her, despite the engagement ring she wore.  After a while she grew tired of having to flash the ring in their faces, not to mention she wanted to date them.  Her world now included a much vaster realm than the two ranches and small schools in which she had grown up.  On the evening of her graduation, with her parents and Chris present, she broke off her engagement and broke his heart along with it.
     Now, two years later, living in New York and dating Jim, her boss' son, Lexie has serious doubts about her present relationship.  Faced with her mother's discerning wit, she can no longer deny the truth. "Mom, I miss my home, the country, our way of life at the ranch, the snow-capped mountains, the wide open spaces, riding the fields, the prairies and hiking the rolling hills heavy with spruce.  And I miss..."
     Lexie's voice trailing off on a pause, as though she'd stopped herself from saying more, did not escape her mother's notice.
     "And you miss...?" Leatrice asked gently.
     Lexie's eyes filled with tears, but she quickly lifted her free hand and brushed them away. "And," she added shamefaced, "I miss Chris' love and caring ways. I miss the good times, and the carefree fun we shared."
     Learice asked, "Chris' love and caring ways, the good times, the carefree fun — but doesn't Jim supply that?"
     "Yes, but...Oh, it's just not the same. He's not Chris," she said.. "Not by a long run,"  she added, falling back on a childhood idiom.
     "In other words," Leatrice clarified, "You're still in love with Chris."
     Lexie nodded. Hearing the words from. her mother who had always understood her better than anyone, even her father, as much as he cared for her, there was no escaping the truth. She had made a terrible mistake breaking off her engagement to Chris and splitting his heart in two. He hated her now....

♥♥
*****************************


ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Dorothy Paula Freda, writing under her pseudonyms Paula Freda and Marianne Dora Rose, is a wife, homemaker, mother and grandmother, and former off-the-desk publisher of a family-oriented print small press, (1984 thru 1999), The Pink Chameleon, that she now publishes on line,

www.thepinkchameleon.com

 She was raised by her grandmother and mother, and has been writing for as long as she can remember. Even before she could set pencil to paper, she would spin her stories in the recording booths in the Brooklyn Coney Island Arcades for a quarter per 3-minute record. She states, "I love the English language, love words and seeing them on display, typed and alive. A romantic at heart, I write simply and emotionally. I love writing, despite that I still have much to learn, and am grateful for any constructive feedback. Although I've no fancy that I will ever be famous, or even want to be, my hope is that my writing will bring entertainment and uplift the human spirit. If someday in the future, someone reads my work and feels the better for it, then I have fulfilled myself."
One of my former editors kindly described my work, '...her pieces are always deep, gentle and refreshing....'"

Other Novels, Novellas,
Short Stories, Articles
By Paula Freda
Aka as Marianne Dora Rose

E-Books
Roses in the Dark
(Also available as four stand-alone Novellas)
The Blue Jay and the Sparrow
Driscoll's Lady
Henderson Sands
Adventure in Panama

Rubies, Sapphires,
Red, White and Lavender Blossoms
(Four Inspirational Romance Novellas)

The Heart Calleth
The Sketchbook

Inspirational Stories — Set I
Inspirational Stories — Set 2
Inspirational Stories — Set 3
Blonde Angel
The Ugliness Without
The Lord's Canine

Is There More To Life Than What The
Realists Claim
(with a special bonus)
The Giftless Christmas

The Camellia Lady / My Three Fathers
Cathy and the Dolphin
A Valentine Bouquet
Stardust (Old Woman in the Park)
A Cup of Humanity
Shannon and the Angel (A Mortal Man)
Welcome Home, Amy
The Scent of Camellias
The Intangible
The Lonely Heart
A Ghost of a Story
The Gently Cursed
The Offering
The Good People
The Novices Guide
To the Art of Writing

The Adventures of Grace Quinlan and
Lord William Hayden
(five stand-alone novellas)

The Adventures of Grace Quinlan and
Lord William Hayden
(the complete novel)

Blossoms in the Snow
Sunrise in Paradise
Lilac in the Spring
Sapphire Blue in the Straw (Jenny's Story)
Orange Blossoms in December
The Consequential Heart
I Dream of My Lady in Red
The Girl in Blue Velvet Who Fell From The Stars
Wild Yellow Clover and Honey Wheat Sage
Audrey's Mr. Darcy

Beautiful Dreamer

Silvereye's Hummingbird
(Carol's Story)

Cinderella Ice
(Jessie's Story)
written under my pseudonym
Marianne Dora Rose

Paperback Editions
Time Encapsulated (Poetry of the Soul)
Romantic Short Stories
Science Fiction and
Fantasy Short Stories

Inspirational Short Stories
The Complete Collection (Sets 1, 2, 3)
The Novices Guide to the Art of Writing

The Adventures of Grace Quinlan and
Lord William Hayden
(the complete novel)

Roses in the Dark
(Also available as four stand-alone Novellas)
The Blue Jay and the Sparrow
Driscoll's Lady
Henderson Sands
Adventure in Panama

Rubies, Sapphires,
Red, White and Lavender Blossoms
(Inspirational Romance Novellas)

Heartsongs
Blossoms in the Snow

Sunrise in Paradise
Lilac in the Spring
Sapphire Blue in the Straw (Jenny's Story)

Driscoll's Daughter
(a sequel to Driscoll's Lady)
Orange Blossoms in December
The Consequential Heart
I Dream of My Lady in Red
The Girl in Blue Velvet Who Fell From The Stars
Wild Yellow Clover and Honey Wheat Sage
Audrey's Mr. Darcy

Beautiful Dreamer

Silvereye's Hummingbird
(Carol's Story)

Cinderella Ice
(Jessie's Story)
written under my pseudonym
Marianne Dora Rose

Paula Freda's Websites
www.angelfire.com/falcon/dpfenterprises.com
www.thepinkchameleon.com
VIEW VIDEO TRAILERS OF SEVERAL OF MY BOOKS AT MY WEBSITES



