

Driven Nests
Book One
by
Jeffrey Anderson


Copyright 2022 by Jeffrey Anderson
Smashwords Edition

This story is a work of fiction.
Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Though this e-book is being distributed for free, it remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reprinted or reproduced without the permission of the author. If you like this book, please encourage your friends to download a copy at Smashwords.


One ought not to have to care
So much as you and I
Care when the birds come round the house
To seem to say good-by;

Or care so much when they come back
With whatever it is they sing;
The truth being we are as much
Too glad for the one thing

As we are too sad for the other here—
With birds that fill their breasts
But with each other and themselves
And their built or driven nests.

from “The Hill Wife” by Robert Frost



Driven Nests
Book One
Part I

The phone rang from the kitchen with a muted jangle as Barton Cosgrove, the highly regarded middle-aged novelist and professor at Avery College, enjoyed dinner with Zachary Sandstrom, his friend and writing student and a senior at Avery, at the off-campus bungalow of Garrett and Owen, two friends from school. Barton and Zach had returned to Shefford, North Carolina the night before after two glorious weeks in Israel, including Christmas Eve in Bethlehem early in the trip. They both found themselves still caught in the mesmerizing trance of that full and fulfilling trip, that surreal fog enhanced by jetlag and the shock of returning to sleepy Shefford locked down in mid-winter chill and inter-term deserted dormancy, from the bustling and cosmopolitan and history-drenched realm of twentieth-century Palestine.
Garrett’s last-minute invitation to join them for a light and informal dinner seemed the perfect way to ease back into their real world—the world of grocery shopping and laundry and reading lists and reviews to write—from their recent escape to touch the live rock that cradled the resurrection, share thick sweet tea in tiny cups with faces old and craggy enough to be Abraham or at least his son or grandson. They regaled Garrett and Owen with tales from their adventure while simultaneously reclining in the comfort and companionship each offered the other, a seamless multi-tiered bond that had been affirmed and sanded to a smooth and beautiful patina over the course of their trip into the heart of western religion. The real world would return soon enough, or they to it (had it ever stopped, or only their awareness of it?). What harm lay in perpetuating their escape a few hours longer?
Garrett rose and slipped off into the shadows beyond the candlelit table to answer the phone. His movement coincided with a pause in the conversation; and the other three sat in a bubble of relaxed silence, feeling no need to speak or eat or drink despite the tasty fare on their plates and fine wine in their glasses. Owen looked across at the other two and smiled broadly, simultaneously rejoicing in their easy attachment and envious of it.
Garrett pushed open the double-hinged door to the kitchen. “Barton, there’s been a break-in at your house.”
There was just a second’s pause as Barton struggled to get a handle on the words, then he bolted out of his chair and raced off to the kitchen to take the call.
Turns out the call was from Jensen Wright, the Departmental Chair and a close friend of Barton’s. He was last on the list of people for the dispatcher to call in the event the alarm was tripped and the dialer put through an automated recording directly to the Sheriff’s Department (in the days before paid monitoring services handled such alarm signals). Unable to reach Barton at his campus office or Zach at his off-campus apartment or Barton’s brother in Winston-Salem or Larry, Zach and Barton’s friend who had watched Barton’s house while they were away, the dispatcher finally reached Jensen who tried Garrett on a fortunate guess as to where Barton might be on the evening of his first day back.
“The dispatcher said deputies are already on the scene,” Jensen repeated.
“And?” Barton asked, his one-word question drenched in dread and welling fear.
“The back door ‘has been compromised’.” Jensen chuckled at the curious, poetic phrase.
Barton sighed and hung the handset on its wall hook, forgetting to thank Jensen for his diligence in tracking him down or even to say good-bye. The real world had returned with a vengeance, broadsided him.
Zach gladly accepted the keys and guided Barton’s new Japanese sedan through the intricate and sometimes confusing series of turns and one-way streets in this old and dark residential neighborhood before finding his way to a short section of highway then onto the rural two-lanes that led to Barton’s house in the countryside a few miles beyond town. The ten-minute drive in silence—what was there to say except “Oh, shit!” and that a rather useless vulgarity—seemed to take forever despite exceeding the speed limit the whole way. Barton’s voice, indeed his whole being, was being crushed by an involuntary return of the numbing anxieties that had left him in deep despair following a series of “home invasions” (the latest law-enforcement jargon) a few years ago, the last of which included a shootout with police and a face to face encounter with the thieves while testifying at their trial.
Zach was in the midst of a related visceral reaction of his own, though prompted by a different emotion. He’d been thrown into the heart of Barton’s life on the day of that last break-in, had helped him through that trauma with both emotional support and the practical services—for nominal wages—of clearing the brush hiding his house from the road and watching over the property while Barton was out of town, as he often was for professional and personal travel. In the process of offering those services and that care, and with that care reciprocated by Barton’s patient attentions to Zach’s many young-adult turbulences and troubles, they’d become each the other’s best friend, and were near daily companions and confidants. A few months after the last break-in, Zach had made a simple if reckless vow to Barton in the form of a prose poem, the last line stating I will protect you the rest of my days. Zach had fulfilled that goal these last eighteen months. Tonight, apparently, his promise had been challenged.
By the time they reached the gravel drive curling up to the house, a half-dozen sheriff’s vehicles blocked the way to the carport. Last in that line was a pick-up truck with two dog cages in the bed, the cage doors hanging open in the headlights’ glare, their four-legged cargo turned loose on the night. Zach pulled over onto the leaves he’d piled at the drive’s edge last fall and cut the lights and the engine.
In that new dark and stillness interrupted by the intermittent baying of a bloodhound in the middle distance, Barton turned to Zach across the front seat and they somehow found each other’s eyes out of the inky darkness. “You’ll stay with me?”
Zach nodded then realized his gesture might be invisible in the dark and added, “Of course. Long as it takes.”
“Thank you,” Barton said in a grim whisper. “I don’t think I can make it alone.”
Zach felt a sudden sadness for his teacher and friend. Though besieged by near constant fears and longings, Barton rarely admitted his weakness. Zach was one of the few people to ever hear such an admission, or understand the sheer force of will it took to contain those demons.
Barton opened the door on the cold night and sloshed through the piled leaves to the drive, and across the drive to the pine-straw path leading to the front door. Zach jumped out and followed close behind.
The solid wood front door was still locked, its double-cylinder deadbolt secure and undamaged. Barton unlocked it with his key and stepped into the empty foyer. Though the alarm’s siren was silent (it was programmed to shut off after ten minutes of ear-splitting howl), the control panel hidden in the locked coat closet sounded its pulsing warning beep of a sensor breach. Barton unlocked the closet and disarmed the alarm system.
In the new quiet they could hear low voices originating from the living room to the left beyond the foyer. Barton turned to Zach with plain dread weighing down his handsome features. Most days his youthful vitality and enthusiasm made him look a decade younger than his forty-seven years. Just then, he looked a decade older—his skin ashen, his jowls slack.
Zach tried to twist his twenty-four year old features into an expression meant to be reassuring. Failing that, he’d trust his tall frame and unflappable manner to carry them both through whatever lay around the corner. He nodded toward the hall to the living room but wouldn’t take the lead. This was Barton’s house, after all, however familiar and attached he was to it.
Barton shivered once the length of his body, like a slick-coated dog shaking off a dusting of snow, then strode quickly down the short hall and into the living room. 
The normally beautiful room—its walls covered with artwork, its shelves with first editions, its tables with an eclectic array of precious trinkets: the whole cathedral-ceilinged space a carefully arranged reflection of Barton’s interests and ethic—was a mess. Tiny shards of tempered glass glittered on the dark carpet, the remains of the full-lite door out onto the back patio. That door’s fir frame was still securely locked in its jamb, the reinforced deadbolt holding tight. But the glass was strewn across the room and the metal blinds that had been drawn over that door were a twisted wreck dangling to one side across a chair in front of the window. A large and scarred oak log—firewood Zach had cut and stored outside for the woodstove insert Barton had just had installed in the downstairs fireplace—lay on the carpet at the foot of the shattered door. Barton’s cherished first editions were strewn across the floor, the heart-pine bookshelves overturned. At the far end of the large room, a scrawny uniformed deputy and broad-shouldered plain-clothes detective with a badge dangling from his coat pocket looked up from the stereo cabinet where some of the shelves were yawning dark holes.
Barton walked across to the policemen, trying to avoid the innumerable bits of glass and flinching every time his shoe crunched down on one. “I’m Barton Cosgrove,” he said as he approached and extended his hand. “The owner of this—well, disaster!” he said with an unsuccessful attempt at a chuckle.
The detective shook his hand. “J. D. Henry, Mr. Cosgrove. We met on the last one.”
“I remember, J. D. Your uncle recovered from that tractor accident?”
The detective laughed. “Told him not to pop wheelies on that thing! He’s got him a little limp but nothing to keep him from coon hunting and beer drinking.”
“Hopefully in that order.”
“If it ain’t, I won’t tell.”
Barton laughed. “Give him my best.”
“I sure will.”
Barton looked past the men to the stereo cabinet. The receiver and the tape-player were on the floor, their cords and cables still running up into the cabinet. The turntable was askew atop the cabinet, its smoke-tinted plastic cover cracked. Barton shook his head at the awful sight but managed to ask, “Is it all here?”
J. D. said, “You tell us.”
Barton slid between the two men and opened the doors to the reel-to-reel tape player, then checked his album and tape collection in the adjacent cabinet. “On first glance, I’d say yes—a little worse for wear, but all the parts present.”
The burly detective nodded. “We figure he—seems to have been a lone perpetrator—was just starting to collect the loot when the alarm went off. Soon as that siren sounded, he took what he could carry and high-tailed it back out the door and through the woods. Hounds trailing him now, out toward Mount Zion,” he said, referring to the two-lane paved road about a mile to the south through thick woods. “Thank God for your alarm, Mr. Cosgrove.”
Barton looked around the jumbled room. “I’ll try to remember that.”
“Better than coming home to find your house cleaned out.”
“I suppose,” he said but was thinking returning to a house stripped to the walls might feel less traumatic than the chaos he observed here, the savagery and violence it intimated to his always over-active imagination. How could he possibly live here with this brutal intrusion burnt into his mind?
“You want to do a quick check of the place?” the detective asked.
Barton looked up nervously. “You’re sure the house is clear?”
“We’ve checked it twice. You’re secure.”
Barton looked to the shattered door’s yawning black hole on the night.
“Except the door, of course,” J. D. said.
Zach, who’d been standing at the far end of the living room this whole time, said, “I’ve got a sheet of plywood in the carport. I can screw it to the doorframe to keep the heat in and the animals out.”
“Two-legged or four?” J. D. asked.
“Both, I hope,” Zach said.
Barton quickly introduced Zach to the policemen then did a tour of the house. He could’ve inventoried it blindfolded (he was that meticulous and observant—and lived alone, after all: nobody else to move something once it was set down), so this check didn’t take long. He returned after about five minutes to the kitchen—no glass shards to worry about—where J. D. was waiting alone. The uniformed deputy had gone to check on the tracking team (or maybe catch a few winks of sleep in his patrol car) and Zach was out under the carport cutting the sheet of plywood to fit the door.
“All the Christmas gifts to my family, which were wrapped and sitting on my bed, are gone, as well as my 35 mm camera and a single dirty pillowcase from the hamper.”
J. D. laughed. “You inventory your dirty pillowcases?”
Barton managed to return the big man’s smile. “I stripped it off the guest bed this morning, left from my house sitter’s stay.”
“House sitter?” The detective’s investigative antennae almost seemed to sprout from his thinning salt-and-pepper hair.
Barton nodded. “A friend kept an eye on the place while Zach and I were overseas for the holidays. Got back last night—that’s why my gifts were still waiting to be distributed. Lots of beautiful pieces from Israel.” He felt the weight of loss, held at bay these last fifteen minutes, again begin to descend on him.
“You trust this house sitter?”
“Yes, sir,” he said firmly in a proactive response to head off this line of questioning.
“And all the friends he might’ve had over here?”
Barton fixed the detective with a cool stare. “J. D., if I didn’t trust this friend I just left in charge of all my property and possessions for two weeks, that would be my problem, wouldn’t it?”
“Unless you passed it off to us, Mr. Cosgrove.”
“I’ll keep it for now, but thank you.”
J. D. nodded. “So only the presents and the camera and a dirty pillowcase?”
“Far as I can tell.”
“No other damage?”
“None that I could detect. I’ll check again in the daylight.”
“And make a detailed list of the stolen property. I’ll come by tomorrow afternoon to pick it up, if you’ll be around.”
“Be here all day,” Barton said.
“Hunkering down,” J. D. said.
“Guess that’s what they call it.”
“Good luck,” J. D. said as he shook Barton’s hand before exiting out the intact front door.
By then Zach had installed the plywood panel on the doorframe, returned the oak log to the woodpile outside, removed the damaged blinds from the door, and was starting to sweep up the bits of glass before breaking out the vacuum cleaner. He looked up as Barton stood in the hallway, beyond the ring of shattered glass.
“Already looking more civilized,” Barton said with a weak attempt at a grin.
Zach nodded. “Looks worse than it is. I think we might be able to reuse the doorframe, just replace the glass.”
“Only if it’s still secure,” Barton advised. His first instinct was to tear out and discard everything that had the touch of violence attached to it. Then he realized that at that rate, the whole house might have to come down.
Zach understood Barton’s knee-jerk reaction to try to rid the place of all evidence of his vulnerability. He knew he’d being doing battle with that response for days, maybe longer. “I’ll look it over carefully tomorrow. We won’t keep it unless it’s in perfect order.”
Barton nodded wearily. “Do you mind if I call Garrett and Jensen and my brother?”
“Go ahead. I’ll have the worst of this cleaned up in no time.”
Barton thought—if only it were that simple—but said, “Can you stay here tonight?”
“Sure,” Zach said without hesitation. He’d made that decision on the ride out. “Got a gun?” Zach already knew the answer to this attempt at a joke—Barton’s revolver had been stolen in the previous break-in and never returned by the police, but he did have a .22-caliber squirrel rifle in the upstairs hall closet.
“Don’t need one,” Barton said, rising to take the bait of the joke. “I have you.”
Zach laughed. “To protect you or toss to the besieging hoards?”
“Your choice.” He went to the study to make his calls.
Zach resumed sweeping up the glass shards.

“And so, as kinsmen, met a night—we talked between the rooms,” Barton quoted Emily Dickinson in low voice to the dark air above his bed twenty minutes after they’d retired and turned out the lights.
“Until the moss had reached our lips,” Zach continued, with hardly any pause, in appropriately somber voice from the guestroom beyond the dividing wall. “And covered up our names.”
In the ensuing silence, there was an audible sigh in the night. But was it Barton’s or the house’s or maybe Miss Dickinson’s grading of their recitation? Zach smiled at the thought.
“I had a whole roll of pictures in the camera,” Barton said. “Everything from Israel.”
“I’ve got mine,” Zach said. He made a mental note to get them out of his camera tomorrow and take them to the developer. “I’ll have a set made for you.” This last went without saying, but he hoped speaking the promise might help assuage Barton’s loss.
“And all the gifts for Tony and the girls—of no value to anyone except me and them.”
Zach knew there was no rationalizing or defusing of the damage that had been done, a wreck only magnified by the hour. Still, he tried. “We can go shopping tomorrow—find replacements for what was lost.”
“Have to stay here all day—make a list of what was stolen, call the insurance adjuster, meet the detective.”
Zach made a unilateral decision to abandon this line of conversation as worse than useless. He hoped that silence would lead to sleep, and sleep would lead to morning, and morning to the fighting chance at hope—or at least a stalemate with despair—in the fresh light of a new day.
Silence did indeed ensue; but sleep didn’t follow, at least not in the near-term. What rose in the minds of both men and formed a kind of palpable presence in the grainy dark air of the rooms, the house, was the simple understanding that the only path to ground for the sparking static of fear and anxiety in Barton’s soul was for Zach to rise from his wide and firm bed in the guestroom, pad silently across the carpet out his open doorway and into Barton’s bedroom; and still without a word peel back the covers to Barton’s bed and lay his tall body full-length against Barton’s. Then his tormented friend and teacher and mentor and father and brother and son would finally rest in peace and comfort and security, at least for a little while.
But both men also understood that such an action would unlock its own set of sparking anxieties and tensions, ones vastly different from and perhaps more lethal than those already loose in the dark house. At that moment, Barton would’ve been glad to take that chance, had been taking it with other heterosexual men all his adult life. He knew the risks, knew the exquisite pain of the inevitable abandonment, but was powerless to resist the irrepressible urge, an urge all the more insistent this night for the dark terror descending on him. Come on, Zach; come on!
Zach held in place in his lonely bed—he couldn’t say why. He was no longer avowed to Allison. Their divorce had been finalized a month before. He’d never been avowed to Becca, though his heart clung to her in permanent devotion despite the end to their physical relationship eight months earlier. His few casual relationships in the period since had soothed his body but done nothing for his soul. And though he was unwavering in his heterosexuality and heir to a fierce prejudice against homosexuals, he’d long since untangled that bias through his love for Barton.
Yet stayed in place that night—despite Barton’s silent howl, despite the conspiring of the night, the day, the trip, their lives these last two years, stayed in place as he had those fourteen nights in the King David Hotel, their beds separated by less than an arm’s reach. Stayed in place in shared rooms in hotels and motels and houses up and down the east coast, in venues far and wide.
Stayed in place, till the moss had reached their lips and covered up their names.


Chapter 2

Several days later, with the house thoroughly cleaned by Barton’s steadfast and redoubtable housekeeper Dottie and everything put back in its place (the door was indeed reusable, its glass replaced the next day; the stereo equipment all intact and functioning, returned to their proper shelves—only the door’s missing blinds, measured and ordered by the local tradesman but with a two-week delivery time, recalled the chaos of the break-in) Barton invited Garrett and Owen over for dinner in an effort to complete the exchange that’d been so harshly interrupted. It was a Saturday evening and classes had not resumed, so everyone—the whole town, it seemed—was still in a post-holiday torpor, waiting for the students to return and life to resume.
Zach and Barton had planned the meal—cassoulet, a tossed salad with home-made vinaigrette, sourdough rolls, crème caramel—and Zach had bought the ingredients the day before and spent most of that afternoon preparing them in Barton’s well-stocked kitchen. With Zach watching the house, Barton finally ventured out to pick up the mail from his campus box, shop for replacement gifts for his two nieces (he’d give his brother and sister-in-law a generous check, too chastened and heartbroken to try to find a substitute for the delicate gold-plated filigree sculpture of a jewel-bedecked elephant he’d bought for them in Jerusalem’s Arab suk) and pick up the wine for the meal.
With Barton gone and the house otherwise empty, Zach cooked away in blissful oblivion—the double-hung windows to either side of the sink’s picture window cracked to let in a wisp of the cool clear day, the stereo’s receiver tuned to a local rock station and turned up loud (he’d reset the receiver to the public-radio station and turn down the amp’s volume before Barton returned), the onions and lamb chunks browning in the fry pan, the white beans simmering in their pot with three bay leaves and a sprig of thyme he’d snipped from the plant on the living room’s window sill (undamaged despite its proximity to the shattered door). Zach loved to cook—if by himself in the kitchen and if preparing hearty rib-sticking meals for others (he hated to cook for himself, would just as soon open a can of soup or boil a hotdog; and couldn’t stand bumping into another—in the kitchen or anywhere else for that matter—with his lanky frame).
His joy this day ran deeper than dinner preparations. For one thing he loved this house and the rural setting that surrounded it, in resplendent sunlit display just now beyond the window—the broad pond (edged with ice from last night’s moonlit hard freeze) off to the right; the deep gully between here and the road with its lofty oaks and hickories clicking in the breeze, a narrow creek winding its way west then south; the huge beech trees (their nubbled gray bark “like massive elephant’s legs” Barton said) bordering the drive and the turn circle beyond the carport.
But more than the house and its surroundings, he loved the house’s owner. And now, for the first time since the previous break-in, he saw clearly a purpose for his life, a calling to match his sizable ambition—he needed to watch over Barton and all that Barton cared for and about, to protect you the rest of my days. He’d never forgotten that promise made a year and a half before, had lived it to the best of his ability under the prevailing circumstances. But those circumstances had included a jumble of flourishing then failed affairs in both his life and Barton’s, and the associate redefining of what “protection” might mean for them both. After these last several weeks—the glorious and gratifying time in Israel followed by the break-in—a new-old vision of his future had emerged, as clear as the winter afternoon laid out beyond those windows: take care of the one that needs you most and is asking. Zach, never one to ignore a duty or calling, stood ready to rise to that challenge, whatever it might require.
At the moment it required these meticulous dinner preparations. He’d combined the white beans, parboiled to when their skins curled back if breathed on, with the lamb and onion and tomato sauce and gently simmered the mixture as he prepped the burgundy enameled cast-iron casserole by coating it with a butter and crushed garlic paste. He then poured the bean mixture into the casserole and topped it with a generous layer of freshly grated parmesan cheese mixed with fresh bread crumbs. He was smoothing out this topping with a spatula when a shadow knifed across the kitchen windows. He looked up just in time to see a great blue heron sailing through the bare trees in a steep glide toward the far end of the pond. The bird disappeared behind a clump of cedars when it was still a few feet off the water’s mirror surface, sparing him witness to what would surely be a clumsy landing. Zach smiled and took the sighting as a portentous omen. Barton had written a lengthy poem about a heron some years ago and each year awaited the bird’s (the same one, he’d convinced himself) return. This was the first sighting for this year, and Zach felt both honored and obligated by the sign. He jotted the time on an index card on the counter, under the heading The Return, then slipped the card into the pocket of his T-shirt, a reminder to tell Barton.


Chapter 3

The four of them sat in sated silence following the meal. Garrett and Owen each toyed with their white demi-cup, sipping the last of the thick black espresso Barton had made with the electric espresso machine Zach had given him for Christmas. Zach cradled in his palm a green-glass snifter holding cognac, and Barton held a similar snifter containing a well-aged Madeira (another Christmas gift, this from Jensen). The combination of the rich meal (topped off with the decadent crème caramel) and the late hour and the peaceful rural setting left them each in a quiet reverie, a silent honoring of the moment and their sharing.
Barton broke the spell. “I just don’t know what to do.”
The others turned to him but none spoke. There’d been no mention of the break-in the entire evening, save a passing reference to the dessert they’d missed out on earlier in the week. Broached now, the others chose to let their host lead them in this line of conversation.
“I don’t want to leave,” Barton continued quietly, gazing at the floor. “But I can’t live here like this—jumping at every sound in the night, scared to come home for what might be waiting for me. It’s unbearable.”
Garrett nodded. “You’ve been traumatized, Barton. You’re still in shock.”
“I know that, and I won’t make any rash decisions. But each time it takes longer to recover, or maybe I’m just less resilient. I’m afraid soon anxiety and fear will come to define this space.” He looked up then and glanced around the room, and in that glance seemed to be both honoring and resenting the mix of deeply personal objects and artwork that covered the walls and mantel and tables (even the tables themselves—special finds from antique shops or handed down from family members—with detailed histories). “I don’t want to move, but I don’t want to be a prisoner of fear either.”
Garrett asked, “So what will you do?”
Barton shook his head slowly and offered up a rueful grin. “You tell me. I could move into town—at least I’d have neighbors.”
“All bemoaning the latest break-in or act of vandalism,” Garrett said.
Owen laughed. “On Halloween, they plastered our house with tomatoes from my garden! I didn’t care so much about the house, but I was going to use those tomatoes to make a batch of spaghetti sauce!”
“The sauce ended up on our siding,” Garrett said, still missing the gastronomical treat of Owen’s delicately seasoned sauce made with home-grown tomatoes.
“I suppose there’s no place safe,” Barton said. “But at least there’d be security in numbers. I’ve only got the hawks and the heron to talk to, and they’re not talking back.”
“In your poem they are,” Owen laughed.
Barton laughed. “Copy speech,” he said.
Zach recognized the Frost allusion. “I saw the heron today.”
“You did?” Barton said with a touch of surprise. He’d worried he’d missed the old bird while they were in Israel.
Zach nodded. “Flew past on his way to the pond, while I was cooking this afternoon.”
A smile spread across Barton’s face, first relaxed glimpse since the break-in.
Garrett said, “You can’t leave the heron, Barton.”
“You need a guest house,” Owen said. “Then Garrett and I will come keep you company.”
“Or Zach,” Garrett said.
Everybody turned to Zach. He still had a semester left at Avery; but beyond that, his plans were unclear. Divorced from his wife and cleared of another passionate affair—well, not cleared exactly, least not in his heart, but no longer actively engaged—he had no plans for beyond his graduation. He’d checked into Rhodes and Marshall and Fulbright scholarships, possibly to follow in Barton’s decades-past footsteps with graduate study in England or Europe. But he was a few months too old for some of those grants, had been married (at that time) and excluded from others; and besides he wasn’t really interested in continuing his education, at least not immediately. So what he’d do after May, and where he’d do it, remained a very large mystery.
The last five years, he’d lived in numerous places—Shefford, Boston, Wyoming, Dover—and visited many others—Israel, Rome, Virginia, New York. Throughout these travels he’d been unconsciously seeking a home, a locus of familiar faces and streets and houses and countryside where he would feel both at ease and welcomed—in short, a home to replace the farm in Dover, where the roads and countryside were as familiar as his hand and welcoming in their way but the watching eyes of family and generations of history and tradition had seemed oppressive. He’d shrugged off that weight in a single act of defiance and escape—his marriage to Allison—without ever contemplating the cost of the act. In so many ways, the turmoil of his recent years could be tied directly to this loss of home and failure to find a suitable replacement—not in Wyoming or Boston, not in Allison or Becca. He’d begun to wonder if he’d ever find such a substitute, and feared the price to his life if he didn’t.
So when he looked up at Owen then Garrett and finally Barton and said “I have no idea what I’ll be doing after graduation,” the casual response hid a far more desperate and determined search.
Barton understood Zach’s dilemma; knowing that, he knew not to push. “Guest house?” he said. “I hadn’t considered that.”
“Call it a rental house,” Garrett suggested. “Then you can take it as a tax write-off.”
“Rental house, then. I’ll have to think about it.”


Chapter 4

Zach met Allison at her duplex late the next afternoon—a clear brisk day, continuing the cold snap. He drove her Honda through ten miles or so of country woods and farm fields to Axton, the sleepy (all the more so on this January Sunday) county seat, in early dusk to eat dinner at the Cornwallis Tavern, an inn and restaurant in a building dating to the colonial period (and looking the part, with its chipped paint, leaning columns and swagged floors). The owner, Edward Hollins, greeted them warmly, all the more so for the quiet evening and near-empty dining room, and sat them in their favorite corner away from the main aisle and beside the long dormant stone fireplace.
Once they were seated and Edward shuffled away following one of his signature lame jokes—“Hunter came to a sign by the road that read BEAR LEFT, so he turned around and went home”—Zach leaned back into the hard wooden chair, folded his arms easily in front of him, and stared with unabashed serenity at his ex-wife. It’d been nearly five years since they were married, fifteen months since they separated, and just over a month since their divorce became official. And never in all that time had he felt free to look at Allison as he looked at her now—with love and trust unencumbered by fear or doubt or resentment. With the commotion of the break-in and all the added time he’d been spending at Barton’s, this was the first chance he’d had to see her since before Israel, before Christmas. And he couldn’t help but wonder at this sudden flush of warmth he felt toward this girl—woman now—he’d known in almost every way you could know someone over ten years.
—Yet maybe never known her as he saw her now: a person standing on her own, no need of his approval or affirmation, no need of him at all but choosing to be with him, across this spindly table in this ancient inn, the two of them fresh-born in this fresh-born year. He suddenly thought her the most beautiful person on earth—her pleasant long face and even features, her fair skin setting off her dark brown shoulder-length hair and still darker eyes, her long neck and fine hands and delicate fingers with no ring. He wondered how he’d missed her beauty all these years. He should’ve been ashamed but somehow felt quite the opposite—justly rewarded. But for what?
She set her menu aside, already knew she’d be ordering ham with raisin sauce and iced tea and the sides all served family-style, and glanced up at Zach. “Why so happy?” she asked, returning his beatific smile with a tentative grin of her own and a slight tilt of her head.
“Dazzled by my date.”
She laughed. “What happened to you over there in Israel?”
He shrugged but kept his eyes on hers, his smile never faltering. “Nothing that I know of.”
“So when did I become dazzling?”
He thought about that. “Always?”
She frowned and looked away. “Somebody forgot to tell me.”
This just reproof didn’t faze Zach. He’d long since accepted full blame for all their mistakes and pain. Instead, her comment only reinforced his sense of a new start. “Maybe something did happen in Israel—a break with the past.”
“Like the new year.”
Zach nodded. “For us anyway.”
“I still work in the bursar’s office; you still go to school.”
He let his glow dim a few shades, at least the outward version. He’d not force his intuitive vision on Allison any more than he already had. He’d forced so much on her over the years and it had all ended badly for them both—worse for her. Wherever they were headed in this new year, their new relationship, he’d have to constantly remind himself to let her lead, or at least keep pace. He didn’t want to screw her life up again; he didn’t want that responsibility or burden. He doubted she’d let him, but he wasn’t going to find out. “Same people, then,” he agreed. “But there’s nothing wrong with new chances, is there?”
She thought about that, then said finally, “How new? How big the chance?”
He grinned broadly. He really liked this Allison. “Just a little new. Just a weeny chance.” He held his thumb and index finger about a quarter-inch apart.
“That’ll be a first for you.”
This stung him a little more, for its uncanny accuracy. He took a long slow breath then gave it back as a silent sigh. All the turmoil of their five years of marriage, their nine years together, had appeared to fall heaviest on Allison. Yet here he was as at the beginning—adrift, asking to tie up to her mooring. And she could say No, just might, probably should. “We all can grow up,” he said.
“So we hope.”
“I don’t want to grow up,” said a voice from above. It was Andrea, the one of the twin waitresses that wore glasses (the other, Dorea, wore contacts to make it easier on customers). She’d snuck up on them, which was surprising in the near empty room.
“You’ve been watching Peter Pan,” Zach said.
“Favorite movie,” Andrea said as she pulled her pad out of her frilly apron over her full colonial skirt. “I always play Wendy.”
“And Dorea?”
“Cap’n Hook, of course,” she laughed.
Zach nodded. “Should’ve known.”
“What would y’all like?”
Allison ordered her ham and tea, Zach country ham and tea, all served family style. Andrea stood there grinning but not writing anything on her pad. When they finished ordering, she said, “Should’ve known,” and turned the pad over for them to see their orders, written down before she’d come out.
“Some things don’t ever change,” Zach said sheepishly.
“Or ever should,” Allison added as Andrea turned and headed back to the kitchen.

Later that evening, as they sat together on Allison’s used gray couch watching a crime drama on her small T.V. with rabbit-ear antenna, feeling sated by the heavy meal and something more, Zach swung his legs toward the empty end of the couch and leaned his head back against Allison’s shoulder. She made no move, either to enhance the contact or slide out from under it. They sat like that—together, unmoving—for the longest time, till the crime show ended and the late news came on.
During an ad for the news, Allison said quietly, “Zach, I’m scared.”
Clearly Zach wasn’t. He’d fallen asleep, his head pillowed by her chest.
She sighed. She’d let him sleep till the news ended, then wake him and shoo him on back to his apartment that had once been theirs.


Chapter 5

Over the next several weeks Zach settled into a routine that saw him either with Barton or with Allison almost every night—for dinner in or out, drinks at a bar, sometimes a movie or shopping, often staying overnight at Barton’s though never at Allison’s nor she at his place (after all, they each had only one bed). During this time classes started. He was taking a reduced load of three courses to finish out his requirements for graduation—two regular classes, both with Barton and both on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons, and one independent study to fulfill his English major requirement for a course in the Romantic poets. His reduced course load all concentrated on those two afternoons freed his schedule to work longer hours at his work-study job in Archives and also add two new yard jobs to his commitment of four hours weekly to Barton’s yard and house maintenance. One of those jobs was for Leslie Knight, a gangly and good-humored southern gentleman in the Classics department whose yard was covered in ivy that masked what was once a quite decent arrangement of brick walks and exotic landscaping. On the first day, Leslie had simply pointed to the yard and said “Fix it best you can. Knock on the door if you need a glass of water or to use the bathroom” before disappearing inside the dim house.
The other job, every Saturday morning from 8 till 12, was for a diminutive, bespectacled English Department professor who on campus with his slightly off-center necktie and tweed sport coat appeared the soul of British scholarship (though he was from Michigan). But in his large backyard while attired in holey jeans and threadbare sweatshirt weeding his flowerbeds with gnarled hands, he appeared—well, out of place. From his childhood till now, Zach was accustomed to seeing bodies working the land that belonged on the land. Tall or short, fat or thin, male or female—everyone he’d ever seen working the earth somehow belonged there, grew out of the soil. By implication (though Zach had never consciously reflected on this) there were those who didn’t belong there, hands in the dirt. Malcolm Donnelly was one of those. Everything about him was bookish. He belonged to dimly lit studies and musty library stacks, no dirt or weeds anywhere near his pristinely arranged desktop, pencils in a row. But then, there was room for new revelations and unlikely developments—and fresh acquaintance, as Zach couldn’t help but get to know Professor Donnelly as they spent four hours every Saturday working in close tandem, his employer either not trusting his skills or not wanting to miss a moment of the joys of his companionship in physical labor, or both.

A couple weeks into term Becca called Zach and asked if they could get together. She met him at his apartment on a Monday evening and they went to an off-campus club that featured live music by local acts. Tonight it was a four-piece bluegrass group—a guitar, banjo, fiddle, and mandolin. The young woman playing the mandolin stared at Zach as they walked to a table off in the corner. He wondered if he knew her—maybe in a class at Avery? at some late-night party while drunk? She was pretty. If he didn’t know her, maybe he should.
“So how was Israel?” Becca asked after they’d ordered a pitcher of beer with a side of onion rings.
They’d not been together since before the trip, before Christmas. He’d seen her at the mid-year commencement ceremony, but she’d not seen him, as he’d left her clad in her maroon gown in the full embrace of her family without saying hello or good luck. It’d been nearly two months since they’d actually been together. It seemed like two decades. “It was great,” he answered.
“And?”
“The Arabs are very warm and hospitable, like southerners.”
“And the Jews?”
Zach laughed. “Like being in New York.”
“How’s that?” She’d never been to New York, never north of Virginia.
“Suspicious and surly.”
“Maybe with good reason.”
“Perhaps, but the Palestinians have more reason yet still manage to put it aside for kindness and good will.”
“Till they pull out the hand grenade.”
“Just like in the South.”
Becca frowned at that, then began to peel the breading off one of the onion rings.
“So what are you up to?” Zach said.
She smiled. “A version of this.”
Zach looked at her then looked around the bar. There weren’t more than a half-dozen tables occupied in the dimly lit room. But the band was cutting loose anyway, stomping their feet and all four instruments in full harmony and the banjo player warbling like a cat in heat. Zach returned his gaze to Becca. “A version of what?”
She smiled and held up the now entirely stripped limp and slippery onion round. “This,” she said. “Except I put the coating on the food, not take it off.”
Zach was still confused.
“I work at a restaurant, Zach—La Maison. I’m an apprentice sous chef.”
“No kidding?” La Maison was a fine French restaurant in the college town south of Shefford. He and Becca had shared a couple memorable meals there during their time together, including a poignant and bittersweet dinner last summer just before Becca went off for a summer in Europe and out of Zach’s life for good—at least the active romance part. Zach hadn’t been back to La Maison since. “So what’s it like?”
“Let’s just say the kitchen is a little less genteel than the dining room.”
Zach held up his hand. “Don’t tell me. I’d rather live in ignorance.”
“Don’t worry—the dishes are meticulously prepared. It’s just getting there that’s all emotion and high drama.”
“I’ve always heard chefs weren’t your most even-tempered souls.”
“You heard right.”
“And their apprentice sous chef?”
She stared calmly, perhaps even lovingly, at him, her closed mouth slightly askew in that curious expression between playfulness and confidence that had always, from their first meeting, melted his heart. “What do you think?” she said finally, a sincere question.
In the new stillness (the band was on break) of the near-empty bar, Zach felt a sudden urge to lean forward and kiss her. He instinctively knew he was at a disadvantage in this urge, and would be at even greater disadvantage if he acted on it. He’d always had more to lose in their relationship than she. Such was the empirical ordering of their love. “I think it would take more than the chaos of a restaurant kitchen, even one as lofty and high-strung as La Maison’s, to compromise the grace and poise of Miss Rebecca Coles.”
She actually blushed, not so much at the words as at the depth of feeling with which they were voiced.
And it was then—with her still in the midst of that blush, her eyes shyly downturned—that he leaned forward across the small table and kissed those sealed lips. His beer mug, less than half full, rocked at the passing brush of his arm but didn’t fall. The whole table leaned to the side against the weight of his body but remained upright. Becca’s lips parted ever so slightly at the press of his, as if powerless to resist remembering how it had once been, as if passionate to document this—their last kiss.


Chapter 6

On Friday Sir William Devonshire came to stay with Barton over the weekend and give a seminar and reading at Avery on Monday before leaving that night. Sir William (as Zach called him, in light-hearted teasing of his recent knighting) was one of Barton’s oldest and dearest friends, dating from his stint as a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford in the fifties. Zach had met him early in his friendship with Barton; and they’d hit it off at once, both tall and gangly and reticent though Sir William was nearly a half century older than Zach and a world-renowned poet and acquaintance of most of the luminaries of their century. He would speak of Willie (Yeats) or Tom (Eliot), Rich (Burton) or Larry (Olivier) not to drop names so much as to poke fun at his world and its privilege and pretense. Oh, and speaking of privilege, Sir William was a housekeeper’s nightmare, a regular black tornado of dirty socks on chair arms, damp towels on the floor, half full coffee cups (the cream congealed on top) on bookshelves, the result of being picked up after by servants or indulgent friends all his life. His messiness drove the meticulous Barton crazy, and he’d start complaining days before William arrived as he stowed for safekeeping the Wedgewood china and the most fragile of windowsill trinkets, and continue complaining for days after William’s departure as he’d unearth a leaking tube of toothpaste in the nightstand drawer or some briefs with sagging waistband stuck between mattress and carved headboard. But Zach also knew from the start that Barton loved William deeply and that his forbearance was not so much sacrifice as affirmation of that feeling.
With William in town, not only was Zach excused from overnight duty at Barton’s (the need was fast fading anyway as the most intense of Barton’s fears melted into semester routines and commitments) but blocked from it, as William had occupancy of the guestroom (which he’d “tossed” within five minutes of arriving). But, out of force of habit or simple hospitality or a desire to spend more time with William, Zach invited Barton and William, along with Garrett and Owen, to dinner at his tiny off-campus apartment for Saturday night.
On a clear and brittle cold night, the coldest since Zach had moved to Shefford, the four guests arrived simultaneously and promptly at 6:30. After a brief welcome, each claimed their seat in the small living room where they would remain the rest of the evening—Owen in the upholstered chair with Garrett just around the corner on one end of the couch, Sir William at the far end of the couch, his tall frame leaning to one side, and Barton on the simple mahogany chair he’d donated to Zach and Allison’s furnishings when they’d first moved here. (“I’ve missed sitting in this chair,” he’d said as Zach delivered the Bushmill’s on the rocks. “Might just have to reclaim it.”) Zach spent most of the first hour moving back and forth from the kitchen—passing out drinks, sending around the appetizer (home-made hummus, a new treat Zach and Barton had discovered in Israel, served with pita bread wedges), and later distributing the T.V. trays for the main course and handing out the silverware wrapped in blue gingham napkins. Barton helped pass out the plates Zach heaped high with his signature beef burgundy served over home-made egg noodles and steamed broccoli on the side, then sent around the wicker basket with its rolls couched in a coarse linen napkin starting with Owen. With everyone served and waiting on him, he brought in the chair from his writing desk in the bedroom (both pieces also gifts from Barton), grabbed his plate off the kitchen counter, then sat down and said, “Dive in.” Everyone did, with Zach eating off his lap since he had only four trays.
The meal was hearty and the conversation even more so. Zach and Owen, seated together nearest the kitchen, said little, and Garrett was quieter than usual, as the three of them happily listened to Barton and William vividly and often hilariously recall shared moments—their lunch with Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton, backstage with Vivian Leigh and Laurence Olivier, dinner with W. H. Auden and Christopher Isherwood. Sir William was clearly relaxed and in his element, fully in control of this small and intimate stage as he poked fun at himself and his missteps, his eyes glinting playfully, at least as often as he laughed at the follies of others. Even Barton, usually the life of the party, deftly stepped aside to let William shine. Only late in the meal, as all five cleaned up the seconds from their plates, did the tone of the conversation turn somber as they—all five now—talked of the recent inauguration of Ronald Reagan and the same-day release of the Iranian hostages, the ratcheting up of the bellicose rhetoric out of the Soviet Union, and the ongoing PLO hijackings and bombings. William added his lament for his native country’s recent turn to the right with the election of “that dreadful reform-school headmistress.”
“Well, maybe now the price of gas will come back down,” Owen said hopefully.
“And mortgage rates will fall below eighteen percent,” Barton added.
“Whatever you do,” William implored, “Don’t take out long-term money—worse than the Depression.”
“You’ll make me a loan then,” Barton teased.
“For what?”
“For the house he’s going to build Zach,” Garrett joked.
Zach squirmed.
Barton said, “I’m considering building a rental house on a lot up the hill, to scare off the resident thieves—at least I was till I talked to my banker.”
“You’ll be a slumlord then, Barton?” William teased.
“With Zach?” Owen laughed.
“The slummiest,” Barton added, directing a grin toward Zach.
Zach blushed from his seat in the chair in front of the kitchen. “I don’t even know if I’ll be in North Carolina this time next year,” he said as he rose to begin clearing the plates. But in fact he did know—destiny had spoken, trumping all other prospects.
With the plates cleared and the coffee finished dripping, Zach lit the candles on the cake—a simple yellow sheet cake with chocolate frosting still in its aluminum pan—beyond the kitchen’s wall, turned out the lights, carried the flaming cake into the living room like an offering, and set it on Barton’s tray. It was his birthday tomorrow—just hours away—and the twelve candles were divided four and eight to delineate his age. The four launched into a raucous if discordant rendition of “Happy Birthday”—William in German, Owen in French, Zach and Garrett in good old Southern American English.
Barton patiently endured their warbling, his eyes sparkling in the candles’ light. When they’d finished, he took a deep breath and blew out all the candles with a single protracted gust that roamed across the cake’s rectangle. The room was suddenly dark. Barton whispered, “Now the fun begins” before Zach switched on the overhead light to a couple sighs followed by laughter.


Chapter 7

The next night, still bitterly cold though just starting to moderate with a layer of clouds covering the earth like a thin blanket late in the day, Allison picked up Zach at his apartment and they went to the artsy cinema downtown for the early show, a French film titled Loulou highlighting two rising French stars. It was a beautifully shot film with an attractive cast giving fine performances, but the central plot about an adulterous affair leading to a complex three-sided emotional brokering struck a little too close to home for Zach’s comfort. He squirmed in his seat in the nearly empty massive and ornate theater until Allison found his hand and twined her fingers through his and settled the paired hands on the armrest between them. Zach wasn’t sure if her gesture was intended as consolation or forgiveness or victory or something else or nothing at all. The possibilities multiplied in his head almost as fast as the bad choices made by the characters on the screen until eventually he released the moment’s incrimination and let himself float atop the beautiful scenes and faces displayed on the large screen, the soothing cadence and sound of unintelligible words, and the touch of his ex-wife’s flesh against his fingers slowing easing toward numbness.
Afterwards they went to a nearby towny bar and restaurant and sat in a clear-finished pine booth with backs so tall you felt like you were either in a cloister or a packing crate, depending on the company. In any case, the booth accorded them considerable privacy, which was a good thing by Zach’s accounting given the over-wash of emotions and memories and regrets caused by the movie. These feelings were further complicated by the sudden appearance of their pretty dark-haired, blue-eyed waitress, the daughter of the university’s football coach and a girl Zach had ambivalently pursued to no conclusion last summer in the weeks after Becca had gone to Europe.
Her eyes lit up in surprise when she looked up from her pad and saw Zach. “Well hey,” she said in a moment’s fluster. “Haven’t seen you for a while.”
“Hi, Lyla. It has been awhile.”
She gazed at him for a few seconds that felt like hours, then said, “Welcome back.”
Zach said, “Thanks.” He finally broke from her gaze and looked across the booth. Allison had a neutral grin on her face, neither offended nor judgmental. Zach was thankful for that look, but in the ensuing unease quickly forgot his gratitude and never remembered to thank her. “This is Allison,” he said and took a quick breath to add the customary brief identifying title. But that breath stayed in his lungs as he quickly trailed through the possibilities for Allison—wife, ex-wife, girlfriend, best friend, oldest friend, friend, companion, platonic love, romantic love, ex-lover, future lover. The list seemed interminable, yet no characterization exactly fit, at least not under the circumstances.
Allison waited about three long beats then turned a smile toward the waitress and extended her hand. “Pleased to meet you, Lyla.”
Lyla shook her hand lightly and returned the smile, though hers was perhaps a touch more ironic than the one she’d received. “Likewise.”
They ordered dinner, Zach a burger and fries, Allison lasagna, the day’s special. Allison ordered hot tea with lemon, Zach a mug of the draft beer.
Lyla wrote it all down then caught Zach’s eye after she dropped the pad in the apron’s pocket. “It’s good to see you again,” she said before turning to Allison and adding, “And nice to meet you.”
Allison nodded.
Lyla turned and headed for the kitchen, leaving the two of them alone in their packing crate.
Zach shrugged. “Sorry. I forgot she worked here on Sundays—kind of caught me by surprise.”
“It’s O.K.”
“We chatted a few times last summer.”
Allison giggled at the verb, not sure if it was meant as a euphemism or simply something he’d acquired from his recent high-brow British acquaintances.
Zach squirmed. “Nothing more than friends.”
“It’s O.K., Zach. You don’t have to explain.”
“There’s nothing to explain.”
Allison reached across the thick plank table and brushed his hand. “It wouldn’t matter if there was.”
“There isn’t.” At that moment, he was angry there wasn’t something more—an affair with Lyla or ten other women or a hundred that he had to hide from Allison. There’d only been Becca, and she knew about her.
Allison withdrew her hand. “We can’t go out in a town small as Shefford and not run into people we know. It’s good we know other people. It’s why we separated, remember?” She didn’t have to add what they both knew all too well—it was why Zach (not she, not both together) had instigated the separation, to Allison’s shock and, initially at least, inconsolable sorrow. They both flinched at the memory.
“I know. I’m sorry.”
Allison frowned. “Don’t be sorry, Zach. It all turned out for the best. We’re both better off now.” She paused, then added, “And still friends.”
“Is that what we are?”
Allison took a deep breath and leaned back against her side of the crate. “Yes, that and a lot more.”
“But friends first?” He stared at her.
Allison had never liked being cornered by Zach. She liked it even less now. She was glad to see Lyla headed their way with the drinks. She paused two seconds till Lyla was just a couple strides away, behind Zach’s side of the booth, then said quietly but firmly, “For now.”
Zach started to say something but then Lyla was standing over them, sliding Allison’s cup and saucer with two slices of lemon on the rim then Zach’s mug across the table. She didn’t say anything but her look lingered on Zach’s profile for a split second.
Allison saw this and wished Zach would turn, direct some of his intense hunger toward this pretty and oblivious town girl.
But Zach’s stare stayed on his ex-wife.


Chapter 8

Sir William closed his forty-five minute reading with a poem that Zach had neither read nor heard before but would never again forget, its last lines delivered in William’s soothing almost feminine voice slowed and lowered to barely a whisper:

Neither the ponderous hush nor remembering long
Sufficient balm to fill this cored out heart.

Zach and Barton, who’d introduced his friend, were sitting together in the front row of folding chairs that had been set up at one end of the ornate Rare Book Room, facing William seated behind the simple oak table and backed by mahogany paneling and ranks of books on shelves behind black wrought-iron doors. 
William kept his eyes downcast for some seconds following the completion of the poem, then looked up with those twinkling eyes and a self-deprecating half smile. “Thank you for listening to my humble offerings,” he said. He looked a little weary. It had been a long day, with the seminar that morning, a question and answer lunch with grad students in the Commons Room, a faculty lecture after lunch, and now this reading.
Zach and Barton led the applause and, after a judicious pause, stood to lead the ovation. The few dozen other listeners arrayed behind them followed suit and echoed their approval and thanks. William, his shock of unruly blond hair going white in disarray above those shining eyes, his hands folded atop his closed manuscript, his legs in dark wool slacks crossed awkwardly beneath the table, sat there and took it in. The moment was both unique and familiar, and finally deeply appreciated.
After the requisite twenty minutes of exchanging shallow talk over punch with the “White Hairs”—Barton’s label for the local arts matrons who were unwavering in their support of poorly patronized events like these—Barton ran interference and Zach trailed behind as they hustled William out of the Rare Book Room and the Library to Barton’s car parked right out front on the Quad with a special pass displayed on the dash. They headed straight toward Greensboro and the airport on the highway—William’s bag already loaded in the trunk after Barton had tucked a couple wayward socks inside and finished zipping it up. They stopped at The Barn, an upscale steakhouse located along the way, for an early dinner, as William’s flight was still some hours ahead.
Zach had been to The Barn only once before, treated by Becca on his twenty-fourth birthday a little over a year ago. The occasion had been near the height of his romance with her, which meant that it had also been near the nadir of his relations with both Barton and Allison. The whole period was a little fuzzy in his mind, and that incident in particular lived in a surreal glow emanating more as a feeling from his heart than as images from his memory. In late-day gray light, the approach and the building appeared totally different—had they entered by some other drive? But no, it was the same parking lot and the same long entry porch with numerous wooden rockers, all empty this afternoon, interspersed among hay bales and wooden barrels.
Inside, the handsome hostess—Zach recalled her unique name: Sam—greeted them warmly then smiled at Zach and said, “Good to see you again. How’s Becca?”
Zach blushed. He thought he saw Barton frown, or maybe not. He and William were looking at a menu nailed to the wall like a wanted poster. “She’s good,” Zach said.
“Didn’t she graduate?”
Zach nodded. “In December. She’s working now—at a restaurant, actually. La Maison.”
Sam scoffed. “Putting on airs, is she?”
“Not to hear her tell it.”
“Hostess or waitress?”
“In the kitchen.”
“No kidding. Well, tell her if she gets tired of the high life, come see old Sam. We can always use help in the kitchen.”
“I’ll tell her if I see her.”
Sam’s eyes narrowed.
Zach looked across the sprawling dining room, near empty this early, toward the window seat at the far front where he and Becca had sat that night, in their romance-defined cloister.
Sam followed his gaze. “Can’t seat y’all at that table—it’s reserved for 6:30. But I can put you in the far corner, nice and private.”
Barton said from just behind Zach, “That’d be fine.” He stepped forward and shook Sam’s hand. “I’m Barton Cosgrove, and this is William Devonshire, visiting from out of town.”
Sam instinctively curtsied. “Samantha Neville.”
“Yes, I know,” Barton said. “Bounced you on my knee before you could walk.” He paused to let Sam’s blush settle. “How’s your dad?”
Sam laughed. “Same old Daddy—trying to find eight days in a week.”
Barton nodded. “Was a go-getter even in high school. And competitive—woo-eey! Didn’t speak to me for a month after I beat him for Student Council President.”
“Daddy hadn’t told me that one.”
“By five votes. Ask him sometime, though he’d probably tell you some whopper about how I stuffed the ballot box.”
“I’m used to that—take all his stories with a grain of salt.”
“And a good belly laugh.” 
“That too.”
“And your granddad?”
“Been retired four years now but still checks the kitchen once a week.”
“And the wine cellar more often than that, I bet?”
Sam shook her head. “Doesn’t have to—I’m the only one he gives a key, and I have to write down every bottle we take out.” She gestured toward a clipboard on a peg with a hand-written list of bottles and vintages. “Turn it in each week, same time he stops by the kitchen.”
Barton laughed. “Same old Buster! Give him my best, please; and your daddy too.”
“I’ll do that.”
“Now what about that table in the corner.”
Sam nodded, grabbed three menus, and led them across the dining room, weaving her way through the maze of empty tables and tray stands. Barton followed, then William. Zach brought up the rear, briefly free to glance toward that shining table in the front, trying with no success to recall how he’d felt the night he sat there.


Chapter 9

The semester passed by quickly. Zach, attending classes for a few hours only two days a week, almost felt like he wasn’t enrolled. His campus social life also dwindled toward non-existent. The numerous friends and acquaintances he’d cultivated his first year then half-heartedly kept up with last semester now seemed more than happy to let him become a vague memory prematurely, as all the seniors (most of his friends) were turning their attention to summer plans, jobs, and grad school. Zach reciprocated their neglect, as the gap between his interests and theirs only widened with each passing day; and he saw no value to investing time and energy into people who would be out of his life entirely in a few months. Let them go, he said out loud more than once; let them go.
So with little at school to hold his attention, he focused on his hodge-podge of a half-dozen jobs (he added a bartender-waiter job for a local caterer to his lengthening list) and his relationships with Barton and Allison. Though he gradually cut back on his near nightly interaction with one or the other, he still talked to Barton almost every day and saw him two or three nights a week (plus two afternoons in class and Saturday afternoon doing house chores for pay) and saw Allison at least two or three times a week, usually once on the weekend and once—for lunch or dinner—during the work week. He had two mistresses, the relationships both romantic and both non-physical. And he didn’t like spending too much time alone, was afraid of the person that emerged at those times.
That person—with its irrational fears and delusions—was especially active during his nights alone at the apartment. It was during this period that he started sleep-walking, bringing vivid dreams and terrifying nightmares into actual physical reality and action—stalking prowlers that he was certain were inside the apartment, tearing up his makeshift bed for escaped animals (snakes, mice, rabbits), or clearing all his bookshelves looking for hidden and critical messages of unknown content. After waking one frigid night on the breezeway in front of the next apartment over, he started putting duct tape over the chain lock to his front door before going to bed. He hoped that if he woke enough to remove the tape, he’d wake enough to stay inside his apartment. Far as he knew, it worked—he never again woke outside the apartment.
He continued his fiction writing throughout the period, though with somewhat less energy and enthusiasm than in recent years. He figured this was a normal process of maturation, assuming his creative impulse was becoming less a passion and more a craft, pointed toward—he hoped—a career in some as yet undetermined profession. His two main projects included completing a long short story about a romantic ménage a trois that unfolds in the Wyoming wilderness and writing from scratch a historical novella about King David for Barton’s long prose narrative seminar. He was deeply gratified if outwardly self-deprecating at the awe and enthusiasm his classmates expressed at the early pages of the novella he shared with them. Their universal praise seemed both reward for his efforts of the last four years and affirmation of his intended future. In this glow, he finished the threesome short story, gave it a quick rewrite, then typed it and passed it on to Barton for comment—as a friend and peer, since the story had been written outside any academic requirements.
They met for dinner at Barton’s two days before Zach’s departure to visit his sister in Costa Rica over spring break. Zach felt unusually confidant and calm. His last semester was unfolding as he would’ve hoped—several awards already garnered, others applied for and likely; his name known among students and faculty, for all good reasons. He had justification for hope in the future even if the details of that future remained blurred. Barton on the other hand seemed jumpy and ill-at-ease, and Zach had no idea why.
“They surveyed the lot yesterday,” Barton said as they sipped their cocktails in the living room. The cool damp gray day had turned into a sultry dusk beyond the wall of windows.
Zach nodded. “I saw.” Immediately on arriving he’d spotted the orange flagging marking the one-acre lot carved out of the woods southeast of the house.
“Leon put me in touch with an architect named Grant Caldwell. I’m scheduled to meet him early next week.”
“Good luck with that.” Was Barton upset over his approaching absence? “I’ll look forward to hearing what you find out.”
“Should know something by the time you get back. Leon says I need to check with the county health department—something about soil suitable for a septic field. But I need to wait till we have a house design and location.”
Zach nodded. Leon was a former student and yard boy that had gone on to become a builder. Barton was leaning heavily on him for guidance as he explored the possibility of constructing a rental house. “You’re lucky to have Leon.”
“Wouldn’t know where to begin without him.”
Silence spread across the room. Two years of close camaraderie in all manner of locales and circumstances permitted them this uncommon indulgence, beyond familial closeness. Zach could’ve remained in that silence indefinitely, watching the silver gray twilight turn to slate gray turn to black within these familiar and secure walls—of the house, their friendship—no need for conversation or dinner or other sustenance.
Barton stood, turned on the three table lamps scattered about the room, tilted the slats on the blinds to exclude the outdoors. As he returned from his round of the room, he grabbed a manila folder off the mail table and handed it to Zach. “Wanted to get this back to you before Break.” He returned to his seat on the couch.
Zach knew what the folder contained. He could’ve nodded thanks, set it aside unopened, checked it in private. But he couldn’t help himself. He set his drink on the end table and opened the folder to see what Barton thought of his Wyoming story.
A swarm of red marks attacked his eyes. Almost every line had at least one such hemorrhage, most had two or more. And in the margins—both margins—more oozing red of comments in tiny script. He read enough of them to know the phrases weren’t compliments. He fumbled through the first third of the fifteen pages, enough to see that the red swarm didn’t abate. He closed the folder and stared down at it rooted to his thighs. Finally he looked up but had no clue how to speak, let alone what to say.
“You can do better, Zach. You’ll have to, if you want to write for a living.”
Zach stared across the great chasm of space between them.
Barton added, “I thought it best to be honest.”
Zach nodded slowly then pried the folder loose from his legs and set it on the end table. He grabbed his drink in hopes it might calm his swirling world.
Barton stood. “You need a refill?”
Zach shook his head.
“I do,” he said and headed for the kitchen. On the way there he said over his shoulder, “Sit tight while I stir the chili and start the rice.”
Zach couldn’t imagine doing anything else.


Chapter 10

The next night he took Allison out for her birthday—a few days early, since he’d be in Costa Rica on the actual date—at The Barn. He’d tried to get the window table when he called to make reservations, but the man on the other end of the line said it wasn’t available. He considered asking for Sam the hostess but decided to let it go. The window seat with Allison might be a little too confusing for all involved.
For the same reason, he was glad that Sam wasn’t on duty when they arrived for dinner. He asked about her after the striking middle-aged woman—she had the most penetrating blue eyes he’d ever seen—sat them at a table by a hitching post in the middle of the room.
“It’s her night off,” the woman said as she handed them their menus bound in burgundy leather. “Need the wine list?” she asked, holding forth a volume thicker than a family Bible.
Zach shook his head. “Tell her Zach was sorry to miss her.”
The woman said, “I will.” Then she added with a sly smile, “How come all the handsome gentlemen miss Sam? What am I—chopped liver?”
Zach blushed. “No, ma’am.”
“Ma’am?” she said, her eyebrows arching.
Zach’s blush deepened. He took a deep breath then raised his right hand. “I’ll testify you’re not ‘chopped liver’.”
The woman smiled and winked. “I’ll tell my daughter you said hi. Enjoy your evening.” She turned and left.
“Getting to know all the locals,” Allison said.
Zach just shook his head and opened his menu.
The evening passed in a wash of rich, abundant, and well-prepared steakhouse fare, and idle yet reassuring conversation that was somehow more nourishing for Zach than the food. The restaurant was full despite the weeknight and provided ample entertainment during the frequent pauses in their conversation. Zach felt very much at home and safe with his ex-wife, recalling the best moments of innocence and dependence before they’d ever come to Shefford and Avery. Then he spotted behind her a young couple snuggling at the window table. The girl had blond hair tumbling halfway down her back and a black dress. For a moment he actually thought it was Becca. Then she turned and looked straight at him. Though pretty, she wasn’t nearly as beautiful as Becca. He quickly returned his gaze to Allison, tried to find again the security he’d felt seconds before.
“So do you know what you’ll be doing after you graduate?” she asked as she set her knife and fork on her empty plate.
“No.”
“Do you think you’ll be in Shefford?”
Zach frowned. The questions were much too pointed for this evening—or his life. “I don’t know. Maybe. Why?”
She shrugged. “Just wondering.”
“Worried you’ll miss me?”
“Saw a job posted on the bulletin board—assistant editor at the university press. Thought you might be interested.”
He loved her more than he’d ever loved her, maybe more than he’d ever loved anyone, in that instant and despite the couple in the shining window seat behind her, maybe because of them. “I doubt they could wait for me to graduate.”
“Maybe you could start before graduating.”
“I’ll think about it in Costa Rica.”
“Just an idea,” she said, looking down at her plate.
He waited till she looked up again then said quietly but loud enough for her to hear, “I love you.”
The words caused her to lean back slightly, as if they had mass and kinetic energy. “I know,” she said after recovering.
“And happy birthday.”
“Thanks.”


Chapter 11

Costa Rica was a fog—albeit a good one, and perfectly timed. They started drinking around nine in the morning and finished some days—well, around nine the next morning. They drank mostly indigenous beer, dark and earthy, sometimes with shots of tequila or rum for a little kick. Zach arm-wrestled the resident bar hounds at open-air restaurants with their tile floors blending into the sand of the beach, and lost every time. He earned various nicknames—Pollo Grandé, Amor de Madre—in reference to towering over the diminutive ticos (and reflecting their friendly and teasing disposition). He ate conch fritters and grilled plantain. He spent hours floating alone in the clear warm Pacific that imprinted its name on his soul. By the time he landed in North Carolina, the red marks had finally left his eyes.
Allison picked him up and they stopped at Tony’s, a one-room pizza parlor flanked by a used-car dealership and a pawn shop on a busy thoroughfare in a cheesy part of town. They were the only patrons this late. The beer was warm and the pizza on the $2.99 buffet cold, but they loaded up on salad and each other after the ten days apart. Somehow the setting perfectly matched the state of their reconstructed relationship, complete with their jeans and long-sleeved T-shirts, Zach with a two-day growth of beard, Allison with no make-up and her hair pulled back into a ponytail.
“So what was it like?”
“Foreign. I felt completely at home.”
Allison laughed and shook her head.
Zach stared at her with his arms folded on the table.
At his apartment she helped by carrying the brown bag with its sisal handles as he lugged the heavy suitcase up the breezeway steps. She set the bag beside the couch and turned to leave. He gestured for her to wait then sat on the couch and rooted around in the bag. He pulled out a fist-sized parcel wrapped in a crumpled Spanish-language newspaper and handed it up to her. “A late birthday present,” he said.
“You already gave me the dinner and that beautiful blouse, which by the way was the envy of all the girls at work. None of them can believe you’re sweet enough, not to mention brave enough, to try to buy me clothes. I told them you’ve bought all my prettiest stuff. I think most of them wish they could steal you.”
“You didn’t say they could have me?”
“Still taking bids,” she said as she unwrapped the parcel. It was a crudely carved rosewood Madonna cradling a baby in her lap. Allison gasped. “It’s beautiful.”
“From a little shop in San Jose.”
“Thank you.” She leaned over and kissed him.
He put his hands on either side of her waist and stood with their lips still pressed together. Her mouth tasted of garlic bread and ranch dressing. His hands slid under the loose hem of her T-shirt and over the soft flesh of her stomach that instantly sprouted goosebumps. She endured this surprise, the Madonna crushed against her chest. Her tongue flicked lightly over his lips.
Then she sighed into his mouth and pushed away against his chest. “It’s late. I’ve got to work tomorrow.” She back-pedaled to the door. “Thanks for the gift. Welcome home.”
“Thanks for picking me up.” His smile held till the door had shut behind her and her steps on the breezeway and stairs blended into silence.


Chapter 12

The next night before heading out to dinner in town, Barton led Zach over to the breakfast table at the far end of the kitchen. It had been cleared of its normal mix of books and magazines, coffee cups and kitchenware to make room for two oversized pale blue sheets spread out side by side and held down by an assortment of paperweights. Each sheet showed two floor plans—a first floor and a loft—and two elevations. Zach, who’d never looked closely at a blueprint before, took a minute to study the drawings as he sipped his bourbon on the rocks.
Barton waited patiently to the side until he couldn’t stand it anymore. “So what do you think?”
“The room layout looks more or less the same in both, but this one with the big windows and intersecting roofs is a whole lot more interesting.”
“Isn’t it beautiful?”
“Looks expensive.”
“I told Grant to keep it simple and cheap, and I think he did in the one. But he maybe got a little carried away with the other—something about his wife running away with another man.”
“What?” 
Barton nodded. “Said he went to the beach to get away and couldn’t sleep and worked on my house design the whole time. This is what he came up with.”
Zach looked at the plain design on the left and the exotic one on the right then laughed. “Well, I guess that explains the difference.”
“Trouble is, now I’ve seen the one, I can’t imagine going back to the other.”
“Isn’t that always the way?”
Barton grinned and nodded. “Now if I can only figure out how to pay for it.”
“You’ll find a way.”
Later at the sprawling barbecue restaurant, after waiting in line twenty minutes to get a seat (no reservations or special treatment at this emporium) and Barton had traded tidewater drawls and joking tales with the bee-hived aging yet ageless waitress, he turned to Zach over their plastic tumblers of sweet tea while nibbling on a hushpuppy and asked, “So did you meet any senoritas?”
“Lots.”
“Friendly ones?”
“Friendly as pie—drinks at the bar, dancing, moonlight walks on the beach.”
“And?”
“And what?”
Barton leaned across the Formica table and said in an impatient whisper, “Zach, did you get any nookie?”
Zach laughed so loud the overall-clad boy at the next table turned and looked despite the general roar permeating the large open dining room. Zach gave the kid a thumb’s up and Barton made a cross-eyed goofy face. The boy frowned and quickly turned back to his family.
Barton leaned back in his chair. “Well, did you?”
Zach shook his head. “If I did, that wouldn’t be any business of yours, would it?”
Barton shook his head in disgust. “Zach, if you can’t get laid at a tourist beach in Central America, where can you get laid?”
“It wasn’t a tourist beach; and besides, maybe that’s not what I’m after.”
Barton scoffed. “Since when?”
“Since when I realized my dick is linked to my heart,” Zach all but shouted.
Barton impulsively raised his finger to his lips and looked around quickly to see if anyone heard.
“You started it,” Zach said.
Barton leaned forward again and said in a carefully annunciated whisper, “All I’m saying is a little recreational sex can be good for all parts of one’s body.”
“I don’t doubt it. I’ve just never figured out the ‘recreational’ part.”
“So you’ve got to get married to let off a little steam?”
“Not married—I tried that. It didn’t work. But I do have to care about someone.”
“Care away. Send them flowers or a first edition, if they know how to read. Just don’t fall in love.”
“It doesn’t matter if she reads.”
Barton nodded. “True enough. Might be better if she doesn’t.”
“And the love part is a given, at least for me.”
Barton fixed him in a hard stare. “Then you’re in trouble.”
Zach shrugged.
“We both are,” Barton added as Ms. Bee-hive delivered their barbecue and fried chicken platters and a fresh basket of hushpuppies.


Chapter 13

The last six weeks of the semester passed quickly. Zach received numerous awards and one modest grant to fund his writing at least through the summer. He both enjoyed yet felt somehow detached from these recognitions. When the hosts at the year-end dinners and awards banquets would read his name and a brief summary of his achievement, he’d feel he was being told of a stranger’s accomplishments, to the point of once rising and clapping to his own applause, before a grinning Barton pushed him back down into his seat, a sudden violent blush spreading across his face.
In many ways, his two years at Avery had unfolded like that—a blurred dream of another person’s life. Zach was acutely aware of this sense of estrangement from his own life, at times attributed it to a writer’s ability—indeed, desire—to put on the lives of others, at other times saw it as a symptom of his lack of family, home, and future. On this last point—his future—the grant bought him a few months of breathing room before having to commit to a full-time job. He could continue to work his part-time jobs and apportion the grant to cover the rest of his expenses. He never followed up on Allison’s suggestion regarding the assistant editor’s job, or on any of the several other job prospects friends mentioned to him. Part of him told himself that he was focusing on finishing school before addressing his long-term plans, but most of him knew this was simply a convenient excuse. He was scared to make plans for himself, yet had no other person offering to join him in these life-shaping decisions that had suddenly taken on enormous significance.
After the end of classes but before graduation, Barton’s latest novel, The Center of Gravity, was released, accompanied by several readings and book signings at local bookstores as well as one on campus. Zach accompanied him at all these events, with dinner together before or after, depending on the hour of the reading. Though Zach had discussed the novel with Barton as it was being written and proofread it twice (including in galleys for pay by the publisher) and felt he knew it almost as well as Barton, he still enjoyed hearing the scenes read in Barton’s resonant deep voice and would always lead the applause at the close, not to prod the audience but out of gratitude and profound admiration.
As he was waiting for Barton to finish signing at one of the bookstore readings (there were still a dozen people in line and Barton would talk to each person at some length, often asking where they were from and how their family was) an elderly woman with neatly coiffed white hair walked up to him. She’d just gotten Barton to sign five earlier novels along with the new one and had carefully slipped them into a canvas tote, which she set on the floor between them. “Isn’t he just wonderful!” she said with an almost breathless awe.
Zach smiled and nodded. “Pretty amazing.”
“He just brings those characters to life.”
“That he does.”
“Are you a friend?” she asked with a peculiar emphasis on the word friend.
“A student, and a friend.”
She nodded. “I saw you come in together.”
“Yes.”
“My daughter had him when he was a younger man.”
“At Avery?”
The woman nodded. “I think she was sweet on him, though she’d never admit it.”
“He has that effect on people.”
“I mean sweet-sweet.”
“I see.”
“It’s a shame he never married—had children and all.”
Zach was silent. He looked over her head. The signing line still had ten people waiting.
“Much as family means to him, you’d have thought—.” She looked up at Zach, waited for him to finish her sentence.
“Maybe that’s why.”
“What?”
“Family—means too much.”
“For what?”
“To have one. Easier to write about than to maintain.”
The woman giggled, the sound far younger than her years. “I never considered that.”
“Just a thought,” he said.
“I believe you may be right,” the woman said, laughter still in her eyes. She picked up the canvas bag of Barton’s books and wrapped her fleshy arms around them like hugging a child. “And Amanda said it was because he liked men. But I knew that couldn’t be true. He’s just scared of the burdens of family—that’s got to be it. Plenty of reasons to be scared. I should know.” She shuffled off toward the door at the far end of the long and narrow bookstore, past the pyramid display of The Center of Gravity, Barton’s frozen smiling face at the pyramid’s pinnacle.


Chapter 14

On a picture-perfect Sunday afternoon exactly one week before graduation, two of Zach’s classmates were married amidst a modest gathering of their families and friends, including Zach, at a small clearing framed by blooming roses of myriad hues in the Avery Gardens. The Garden’s main gazebo, with its terraced patios and landscaping cascading down to an arched stone bridge over a pond with bright orange goldfish, was a popular wedding venue and had to be reserved, at a sizable fee, months in advance, especially for a weekend in the spring. But Cindy and Marvin had discovered an out of the way rose arbor during a walk a year earlier and settled on it as their wedding site. They didn’t ask permission or inform the Garden’s staff, just showed up with Cindy in a full-length ivory dress and lily of the valley woven into her long blond hair and Marvin in a white leisure suit with a pink tie. They met their few dozen guests in the parking lot and led them two abreast along the labyrinthine path to their secluded spot. The handful of Bermuda shorts and T-shirt clad strollers they encountered stepped to the side and gawked as the silent entourage passed.
Glittering sparkles of sunlight fell like rain through the lofty canopy and sprinkled down as Cindy and Marvin stood facing each other holding hands and a Div. School professor (Cindy was a religion major) in a black cassock maybe a size too small stood before them holding a Book of Common Prayer. The rest of the group formed a semi-circle two and three deep, with those at the front close enough to touch the bride and groom. Zach, as was his nature, had brought up the rear of the assemblage and stood now gazing over the heads of the small crowd and also watching along the path to keep any uninvited guests from disturbing the proceedings. He held in his hands the clumsily wrapped gift of a book of Barton’s poems, inscribed with best wishes for the newlyweds and signed by the author.
With everyone in place, a moment of absolute stillness descended on the clearing. From the azaleas beyond the roses a cardinal sang out his nuptial song. Cindy giggled; Marvin stared at his bride; the professor nodded and began the wedding rite.
And Zach could no longer ignore the sight of Becca. She was a close friend of Cindy and stood now nearest the bride, an unofficial attendant holding Cindy’s small bouquet of white roses. She was dressed in a sleeveless pale-green linen dress with her long hair woven into a loose braid tumbling down her back. She stood in profile to Zach, staring calmly at the couple. Zach couldn’t take his eyes off her. Cindy was a beautiful bride but, in Zach’s eyes at least, Becca far overshadowed her. His heart ached with sudden longing and loss.
“Marvin, wilt thou have this woman to thy wedded wife, to live together after God’s ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony? Wilt thou love her, comfort her, honor and keep her in sickness and in health, and, forsaking all others, keep thee only unto her, so long as ye both shall live?”
Marvin murmured, “I will.”
“Cindy, wilt thou have this man to thy wedded husband, to live together after God’s ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony? Wilt thou love him, comfort him, honor and keep him in sickness and in health, and, forsaking all others, keep thee only unto him, so long as ye both shall live?”
Cindy smiled broadly. “I will.”
The presider nodded and turned to Marvin. “Please repeat after me: I, Marvin, take thee, Cindy, to my wedded wife, and plight thee my troth, till death do us part.”
Marvin repeated the words in a shallow whisper nonetheless audible in the quiet setting.
The presider then turned to Cindy. “Please repeat after me: I, Cindy, take thee, Marvin, to my wedded husband, and plight thee my troth, till death do us part.”
Cindy spoke the words in a strong clear voice.
The minister then asked Marvin. “Do you have the ring?”
Marvin nervously slid a gold band off his pinkie finger.
The minister steadied Marvin’s hand till he could slide the ring on Cindy’s finger, then prompted Marvin with the words, “Receive this ring as a token of wedded love and troth.”
Marvin may have mumbled the words or maybe not, but the minister smiled affirmation all the same. He then placed his hand on the couple’s joined hands and said, “Forasmuch as Cindy and Marvin have consented together in holy wedlock, and have declared the same before God and in the presence of this company, I pronounce them Man and Wife: In the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost. What God hath joined together, let no man put asunder. Amen.”
Zach’s eyes had never left Becca’s graceful profile. Surely she had heard his whisper. Surely she knew his undying love.
Becca handed Cindy her bouquet and gave her a long embrace, then released her to the waiting group. As she turned she spotted Zach’s head above the rest and smiled broadly. She made her way around the crowd to where Zach was standing. “I’m so glad you came,” she said and leaned into his chest with a chaste hug.
“Wouldn’t miss it for the world,” Zach said.
Becca laughed. “And this from the one who said the marriage vows were archaic nonsense.”
“I did?”
“Many times. Now you’re probably going to tell me you’ve changed your tune.”
He shrugged. “On a day perfect as this, everything sounds better.”
“Cindy and Marvin are so lucky.”
“To have such a beautiful wedding day?”
“Sure, but I meant to have each other.”
Zach nodded.
“Come on,” she said and grabbed his hand. “Help me uncover the food.” She led him down a side path to a larger clearing with several picnic tables and a small stream along one edge. The tables were covered with an assortment of brightly colored platters and bowls.
In the sudden full sunlight Becca’s hair glowed like burnished gold and Zach recalled a moment a year and a half earlier when late autumn sun had struck her hair in a similar manner, turning it to gold and melting his heart. He realized then, his fingers still holding her hand, that he’d never be free of the love born that long ago day. He’d have her forever in his heart, the gift both blessing and curse.
She released his hand and started uncovering the platters of cold meats and the bowls of pasta and three-bean salads of their tents of foil and coatings of plastic wrap. She gestured toward a cooler at the end of one table. “You’re a bartender, right?”
He laughed. “Sometimes.”
“How about opening the bottles of sparkling cider in that cooler?”
“Anything to help,” he said. What he really felt was anything to be near you—if only for these few minutes of exquisite pain and poignant recollection. He went to open the cooler and recalled the wedding gift of Barton’s book, still in his right hand, the wrapping’s edges now frayed from his sweaty fingers. He set the gift to one side on another table, trusting the newlyweds to find it and deduce the giver (there was no card), know his sincere blessing of their reckless promises despite those frayed corners, the storms they symbolized in the giver’s heart, his life.


Chapter 15

Zach’s parents came to Shefford for his graduation. He offered them use of his bedroom—he’d sleep on the sofa—but noted that he had no mattress, just two sleeping bags spread out on the floor. He said he could rent a couple cots. They opted to stay at the nearby Goodrest Motel, the same one Zach and Allison had lived at before they’d found the apartment. Zach’s mom loved the locals and their colorful language and slow drawl but kept asking Zach to translate some of their words. Zach’s dad was mostly silent but watchful, a benign grin on his face—an obvious farmer welcomed in a place where that profession was still common and honored.
Their first night in town, Zach took them and Allison out to dinner at Stan’s Place, a fairly new and elegant restaurant on the south side of Shefford featuring a cosmopolitan cuisine mixing European and American dishes. The setting was formal enough to keep everyone on their best behavior, and Zach’s mom treated Allison with greater kindness and deference than at any time while they were dating or married. Allison at first seemed suspicious of the ploy but gradually thawed till she was laughing and joking with her former mother-in-law. What did she have to fear from Lydia Sandstrom, anyway?
The next night Barton treated Zach and his parents to dinner at the Cornwallis Tavern in Axton. Barton was in rare form. Always garrulous and sociable in group settings, he raised those traits to a higher level on this occasion, mixing the manners of the dignified Southern gentleman (he did have on his seersucker suit) with the off-color tales of the itinerant jester, gracefully pulling Edward, the tavern’s owner, and Andrea and Dorea, their identical twin waitresses, into his spell-binding performance. He even managed to engage Zach’s dad in a lengthy exchange.
“So what do you think of this guy”—Barton reached up and put his arm loosely over Zach’s shoulder where he was seated beside him at the round table—“taking the South by storm?”
“He’s a good boy,” Mark Sandstrom replied with a smile directed toward his son.
“Cleaned up just about every award Avery has to offer.”
“I always knew he was smart.”
Barton smiled and let his arm drop from Zach’s shoulder. “He got those smarts from somewhere.”
“Must be his mother,” Mark said without a hint of irony.
“And his resourcefulness.”
“The farm taught him that.”
“And his even temper.”
Mark Sandstrom looked down. If his face weren’t so weathered, it would’ve shown a blush. “I might’ve helped a little,” he said to the tablecloth.
“Mark, we both know you did much more than a little.”
Zach gazed over at his dad with a mix of old gratitude and new magnanimity. He’d always loved his father but until recently had sought guidance from him that he was incapable of providing. Having filled those needs elsewhere, Zach could now look on his father with both admiration and pity.
Mark Sandstrom lifted his eyes and fixed Barton in a penetrating stare. “You’re more a father to him than I ever was. Know that I am grateful.”
Barton didn’t flinch at the declaration but gave it several seconds’ respectful acknowledgment before saying, “And know that I’ve been honored.”
Only Zach blushed, for all three of them.
Lydia Sandstrom asked, “So what’s red-eye gravy?”


Chapter 16

A gray haze prevailed over the commencement exercises held on The Lawn of South Campus. The low skies made the occasion feel intimate despite the thousands of people milling around prior to the procession. The multi-colored robes and diverse caps made it seem you were backstage at some huge epic drama—God’s play, or the Devil’s. The students around him spoke nervously about escaping the sun’s swelter or fearing the chance of a passing shower. Zach didn’t know anybody around him. He looked over their heads to try to spot Barton in his B. Litt. robe amongst the faculty but couldn’t see him. He glanced to his right to try to find his parents and Allison seated somewhere in the endless rows of folding chairs—no luck there either. So he withdrew into himself, alone amidst this great human tide on this auspicious day.
He marched down the center aisle amid the trumpets’ fanfare, one of four abreast, and took his place in the sea of red-robed candidates for bachelor’s degrees. He heard the opening prayer echo around them as if spoken by God himself, listened as the student speaker (a popular player from the basketball team) opened his remarks with “Thank you, Mama” (it was Mother’s Day), and tried to stay awake through the droning monotone of the unremarkable commencement address. In one of the numerous lulls between the conferring of degrees (done en masse since there was no way to hand out those thousands individually), Zach heard a coed in the row ahead of him ask her friend, “So who’s this Zachary Carl Sandstrom with his name all over the program?” The girl looked to where her friend pointed across several pages in the commencement bulletin then shrugged. “Some smart guy, I guess.” Part of Zach felt like he was attending his own funeral.
After the recessional, Zach finally found his parents standing with Allison under one of the massive willow oaks ringing the quad.
Allison stood on her tiptoes and kissed him lightly on the lips. “Congratulations,” she said as she pulled away. “You made it.”
He looked at her. “We did.”
She frowned and shook her head. “All yours.”
He took his red mortarboard and set it carefully on her hair.
She let it stay there a few seconds before taking it off and cradling it at her waist.


Chapter 17

Zach rode with his parents back to Dover for a few weeks of work on the farm. They stopped in Washington DC on the way, spent the night in a moderate-priced hotel in town and the next morning touring The Mall and Arlington National Cemetery. Zach saw the recently completed Vietnam Veterans’ Memorial for the first time. He’d never seen anything, living or dead, as powerfully evocative as that long black gash in the ground. They marched up the endless steps to pay homage to Lincoln silent on his permanent throne. They drove across the Arlington Bridge and up to the Cemetery parking lot, pondered John Kennedy’s eternal flame and Robert Kennedy’s simple footstone, looked through the haze to the Lee-Custis House beyond the geometric ranks of white headstones.
On the farm the tractor was new. Justin, who now ran things, had borrowed money and bought a used Deere with twice the power of any tractor they’d had before and four-wheel-drive tires. It pulled a five-bottom plow, two bottoms bigger than the old plow. But the fields were the same—the rock ledges lurking a few inches down, waiting to break off the plow points, the soggy bottoms ready to swallow a four-wheel-drive tractor just as quick as the old two-wheel drive model. And the wide river flowing past—gray, murky, implacable.
But something fundamental had changed, and more than Justin’s governance or the tractor’s controls and the plow’s swath. Zach knew without forming the words or teasing out the reasons that he had changed, and the farm was no longer home. He wasn’t exactly sure what had taken its place or how the transition would unfold, but he knew it had started and sensed there was no turning back. He knew this fact with certainty because for the first time in his life he wasn’t afraid of being alone, wasn’t afraid of the future. He also understood the irony of his confidence, as for the first time ever in his life, he had no plans, no intended future. He should’ve been terrified. Why then was he so calm?
Some nights he hit the local bars with his youngest brother Mark. They invited Justin to come along; but he was married now and tethered to hearth and home, and a demanding wife. Besides, he needed to be up at four to milk the expanded herd and was often not done with night milking till after ten. So Mark and Zach went carousing on their own.
At one bar, a grungy hole-in-the-wall called 17 Stop after the highway it bordered, it seemed an impromptu high-school class reunion with so many of Zach’s classmates, especially players from the basketball team, sprinkled about the packed room. Some of those players were already almost incoherent, slurring their words and leaving their arms over his shoulder not out of affection but for support. Others shook his hand like they were trying to break it off or punched his shoulder harder than playful familiarity, asking what he was doing with his life and why he hadn’t gone on to play college ball. Zach kept his responses short and superficial, feeling like he’d been dropped in a surreal dream populated by changed faces he almost recognized but couldn’t quite place.
They finally got a spot at the bar when a leather-clad biker with a shaved head and his tough-gal mate with only a black leather vest above her skintight leather pants and jackboots abandoned their seats and headed for the door. Mark nodded to where the bikers had been engulfed by the crowd. “Recognize him?” he asked Zach over the roar of music and shouting voices.
“Skinhead?”
Mark nodded.
Zach shook his head.
Mark grinned as they sat. “Jack Thompson.”
“No way,” Zach said. In school, Jack Thompson wore tie-dyed shirts and hair to his shoulders, choosing his long hair over the basketball team when their drill sergeant coach told him it was the hair or the highway.
“It’s him—discovered leather and Harleys and girls that would lay themselves against his back on the Hog.”
“And a razor for his head.”
Mark laughed. “That too.”
“Maybe Coach should’ve used a different tactic, offered bikes and biker babes.”
“Might’ve won the state title if he had.”
They knocked back a couple beers, then a couple more, then a couple more. Most of the time they didn’t try to talk over the ruckus, just looked around at the debauched scene that included a fair amount of heterosexual groping and pawing, the occasional drink thrown in somebody’s face, one shoving match and one fistfight (quickly pushed outside by the burly bouncer), and members of both sexes in a steady stream to the one bathroom at the far end of the room with many of those emerging in pairs and trios rubbing at their nostrils. Every so often someone would recognize them and stop by to say hello or raise their glass from across the room. Two people, both former benchwarmers from the team, bought them shots—tequila for Zach, peppermint schnapps for Mark. The blur of memories and vaguely recognizable faces gradually became the blur of reality.
Toward closing time with the crowd thinning a bit but the music and voices and desperation of those remaining only swelling, Susie Erskine left the booth where she was sitting with two female friends and sauntered up to where they were rooted to their seats at the bar. Susie was a classmate of Mark’s whom Zach remembered as a flat-chested eighth-grader with braces. The braces were gone and so was the flat chest, a fact she advertised with her midriff-baring tank top. She had crimped dirty blond hair, glossy lipstick, and an unabashed sultry sexuality. She wiggled her butt and the rest of her enticing body between Mark and the bar, then turned to face him and draped her arms over his shoulders. “I thought we’d get one for the road,” she said.
Mark laughed. “We?”
“You and me.”
“You remember my brother.”
Susie nodded and glanced toward Zach. “Hi, Zach. How’s Allison?”
“She’s fine.”
“Sorry to hear you split.”
“Thanks.”
“You still see her?”
“Sometimes.”
“Tell her I said hi.”
“I will.”
She looked back at Mark. Her hands had drifted into his lap. “Maybe we could have that nightcap at my place. My car’s outside.”
Mark looked at Zach. Fraternal loyalty had been replaced by a more urgent need.
Zach laughed. “Go on. I’ll toast you both with my nightcap then head home.”
“You sure?” Mark asked. By now Susie’s tongue was moving across his cheek toward his ear.
“I’m sure.”
Mark reached for his beer over Susie’s head and finished it with one gulp. Then the two of them moved toward the door. Mark made Susie walk just ahead, on her own, through the gauntlet of bleary watching eyes.
Zach laughed to himself, turned to face the wall of bottles behind the bar, and sipped on what was left of his warm beer. He’d skip the nightcap, finish the beer and pay the tab and head for bed. Tomorrow’s weather was predicted sunny and warm, and he’d have a full day on the tractor.
A smoky voice that was vaguely familiar, as from some long forgotten dream, roused him from his daze. “Haven’t seen you in this dive for years.”
He continued to look straight ahead, let the voice remain faceless—some angel bearing an annunciation—for a while longer. “You been checking?”
The angel laughed, one high-pitched short note like from an organ key tapped by mistake just before the recital, when the audience was silent and expectant. “Often enough,” she said after a pause.
“How often is that?”
“When the moon is full and my heart is empty.”
Now Zach could laugh, though his note wasn’t nearly as captivating as hers, sounded more like one you would expect at a towny bar just this side of closing time on a Friday night. “New moon tonight,” he said
“It is?”
Zach nodded. “Farmers have to know that stuff.”
She sighed. “Guess my heart doesn’t.”
“Empty again?”
“Or too full.”
“Is there a difference?”
The announcing angel thought about that for a few seconds. “Only in the pitch of the howl.”
“Which is higher?”
“Oh, the full for sure. Shrill beyond imagining.”
Zach turned with a smile. “I know that sound.” He faced Tess Horton. Her full name was Contessa Regal Horton; and she’d always managed to fulfill that auspicious label despite, or perhaps because of, her professor parents’ modest means and eccentric habits. Justin and she had been in an intense relationship years ago—he in a reach above his intellect and she in a stoop to an earthier essence—and she’d attempted suicide when Justin had ended the relationship in a sudden and, in Zach’s estimation, heartless manner. Her father had sent her off to school in Paris just before Zach and Allison got married, and that was the last he’d heard of her—till tonight.
Her small mouth tilted into a playful tease. “Yours or others’?”
“What?” Zach said. He was slowly rising toward reality but stopped just short of arriving. Tess had always had that effect on him—an ethereal, other-worldly presence that gently called him into that conspiracy.
“The shrill howls of overflowing hearts—from you or others?”
“Oh, always mine.”
“Echoing off the unyielding walls of the world.” Her face grew briefly grave, though her eyes never lost their vitality—or was it hunger?
Zach smiled and nodded. “Hello, Tess.” He extended his hand.
She ignored the hand and leaned forward and kissed his cheek, quick and fleeting as a child, or an angel.
 
Her small apartment in a high-rise in the college town across the river was cluttered with canvases—hung on the walls, leaning against the walls, on easel stands, one large mural in progress spread across the floor. The finished ones—Zach assumed they were finished—hanging on the walls were garish oils of nondescript figures fleeing through stark bare rooms. The works in progress were more haunting—pencil-sketched faces emerging (or fading) into base coats of beige or olive green; turquoise monochromatic seas gradually donning lurid horizons, relinquishing their hope.
Without a word, Tess left him amidst that visual clamor and disappeared into the bedroom. Was he to follow or stay put? He chose the latter course and turned a slow circle to document the gallery. Try as he might, each painting blurred in his mind soon as he turned from it, his mind unwilling—or unable, due to the hour and his inebriation—to store the troubling images.
Tess emerged a few minutes later shed of her flannel shirt and jeans and hiking boots and dressed in a brightly colored silk kimono and dancer’s slippers.
“Still The Countessa,” Zach said. It was the name he’d given her in happier times, when he and Allison would double date with her and Justin.
She laughed. “In here.” She moved a couple paintings and sat on the couch. She patted the cushion for him to follow. “Out there, I’m Tess. They can’t handle The Countessa.”
“No?” He sat on the couch where she’d patted, two-thirds of the way to the other end.
She leaned back against her armrest and swung her legs up onto the couch and across his lap. She purred softly as she nestled down between the throw pillows and the couch back.
“Why not Countessa out there?” Zach asked again. It suddenly seemed a tragedy she had to mute her true nature, and needs, for the world.
“I tried, remember?” She held forth her arms, hands palm up. A single thin scar—vivid pink against the pale skin, as gut-wrenching in the quiet contrast as the most garish of colors hanging on the wall—traversed each wrist just above the base of her hands. “It didn’t work out.” Her frank stare never faltered.
Those wrists mesmerized Zach, more by their pale blue random veins than the straight pink slits. They seemed the most beautiful still life sketch he’d ever seen, simultaneously vulnerable and strong, soft and hardened. He’d not remember any of the paintings around him, but he’d remember forever this living one frozen before him. He looked up finally. “I thought that was Justin?”
She let her arms fall into her lap, her down-turned wrists resuming their privacy. “I thought so too, for a while. But time let me see that Justin was the world, its proxy. I can’t put that much of myself out there, Zach. The world doesn’t want it, and it will crush it to prove the point.”
Zach stared at her in silence. She had a model’s high cheekbones and sweeping perfectly curved forehead. Her hair was pulled tight against her skull and collected in a simple bun, invisible at the nape of her neck. At just that moment, frozen against the background of the dark-blue couch, her face appeared as a chiseled marble bust, refined and cold and androgynous. Then he saw her eyes, bruised and determined. They refused to let him circumscribe, and control, her so easily. Out there, where she was Tess, maybe; but not in here.
“You know what I mean,” she said with quiet ferocity.
Zach shook his head. “Not a chance. I’ve been through a lot, but nothing hard as that.”
She smiled. Her face was so much more beautiful when she smiled. “The hardest part is admitting the loss.”
He suddenly knew she was right. Something was forever gone from his life, something critical and pure. And he had no idea what to do with the remains.
The stillness of the night—the hour, the room, the alcohol, their unlikely crossing—settled softly over them. The angry cathartic paintings glared down on them. When he could no longer bear it, Zach bent at the waist and lowered his head to kiss the back of those hands gathered loosely in her lap. She slowly flipped them over—first one then the other—and he kissed her wrists, felt the pulse of those veins, ran his tongue along the cool pink scars.
She parted her arms. He let gravity and the night pull his face into her lap. She silently raised the kimono to her waist. He found and gave relief neither would ever know again, couldn’t have endured if discovered.


Chapter 18

Dear Zach,
How’s the feeder of the world—or Justin’s humble milk herd—faring in his long days and lonely nights in the North Country?
When you described your stint up there as “doing the spring planting,” my mind immediately (and since) summoned the memory of Millet’s “The Sower” which I’d seen in Boston when I did my summer stint up there in the early 50s—hottest summer this life-long Southerner has experienced to date! Did you have a chance to view that painting in your time there? The lone figure is tall and lanky—could be you, if you were from 19th century France—with a shadowed face and blurred yet evocative features. One easily sees why the early Impressionists, especially Van Gogh, paid homage to this work. Well, enough of the Art History lesson. You already passed that course (with an “A” as I recall). My point is only that I have to remind myself that the late 20th century sower sits astride a roaring mass of diesel-powered steel dispensing engineered seed out of an eight-row (that’s what you said, right?) planter dragged around a meticulously groomed flat field—no canvas sack and hand-tossed seed on the Sandstrom Farm! Well, sow away, dear friend, in whatever form you’re given.
Speaking of completing classes (I was, wasn’t I, somewhere in that convoluted paragraph?), I want to say again, in print this time, how proud I was, and am, of your graduation and all the honors you garnered on the way to that milestone. I felt—then and still—a deep sense of (dare I say paternal) satisfaction at your achievement, and thank you for including me in that hard-won race.
So what comes after, for you and me? Well, our garden for one thing, which you’ve wrenched by main force and hard labor (and all by hand—no exhaust-belching tractors on this hill!) from the recalcitrant clay. That garden is disgorging the bounty of Eden after last week’s rains and the recent warmth—more peas than I can possibly consume or freeze and scads of lettuce and spinach that is going to head faster than I can say “Popeye.” The tomato and pepper and eggplant and basil plants are all thriving, and just today I noticed a neat row of green shoots where you sowed (that word again) the okra. If I’d known this soil were so fertile, I’d have tilled it years ago—or found a displaced Yankee farmer to do the honors.
But then, I quickly remind myself, such resourceful and multi-talented lads are hard to find. In fact, in this life long with searching, I’ve been lucky enough to find only one—or he found me. Imagine our good fortune.
Grant got me the second round of blueprints last week, and Leon already floored me with his revised estimate. As we’d guessed, all those interesting roofs and massive windows don’t come free. Any banks up there you’d be willing to rob for an old friend? (Just kidding.) The current impasse is a “soil unsuitable for drain field” evaluation by a wet-behind-the-ears (he let slip that this was his first week on the job) soil analyst from the county health department. He’s promised to return later this week with his supervisor, and Leon is optimistic we can work something out. He reminded me that the county is not in the business of blocking house construction and the increased tax revenues that come with it. Bucks, bucks, bucks (and not the antlered kind).
Other than all that (but then, that’s enough for this hermit on his hill, isn’t it?), I’ve been lying low in this lull between classes and my publicity push next month. I’ve gone to a couple movies by myself, had dinner with Jensen one night (Margaret is up there in New England with you, on some family business), Garrett and Owen another, but otherwise been contemplating my navel (and, occasionally, points south—but I’m guessing you already figured that) and prowling my cave in the rapt reverie of aloneness. These walls, not to mention this occupant, are anxiously waiting your return.
That said (who am I to miss a chance for honest confession?), I’m well aware of the large choices confronting you, and even more acutely aware of my shadow hanging over those choices. So let me say “on the record” (I’m preparing for my interviews—or is it interrogations?), that what you decide is best for you will be best for me. I’ll make it be so. I mean that, Zach. Your future is your future. I’ll look forward to being a part of that future, at whatever proximity or distance you determine is best. All right?
Here’s hoping your butt hasn’t grown too sore from all those hours on the tractor, nor the flip side too chafed from the attentions of those accommodating farm girls, though a little chafing is O.K. In any case, please return those parts and all the rest to this cave soon. The occupant’s baying is growing intolerable.
Between bays (and with love),
Barton


Chapter 19

They broke ground on a Tuesday in early August. Zach set aside his writing for that morning and rode out to mark the auspicious event with Barton. They waited inside in the air conditioning sipping from pottery mugs of strong espresso roast and watched out the kitchen window as first Leon in his gold pick-up then the stumpy bald grading contractor in his dented rusting mud-splattered pick-up pulled into the drive. Not far behind came the dump truck towing a long trailer with the front-end loader chained down. The driver of that rig didn’t try to pull in the narrow drive but parked on the road and tilted the loader off on the grassy shoulder. A few minutes later that powerful mass of yellow steel rumbled up the gravel drive with its exhaust pipe belching black smoke and its steel tracks clattering like the tanks in the movie The Battle of the Bulge. The windows rattled at its approach.
Barton grew pale and glanced at Zach over his mug. “Are we ready for this?”
Zach tried to smile but was similarly unsettled by this clamor on the normally peaceful hill. “Are you ready? It’s your project.”
Barton frowned. “Thanks for the encouragement.”
Zach mustered a laugh. “It’ll be fine.” He set his empty mug on the counter. “Let’s go see what the old boys got to say for themselves.” He headed for the front door and the sultry humidity of the cloudy morning.
Barton followed after a deep breath and a long swallow of coffee.
The loader came to the turn in the existing drive, where the orange flagging marking the center of the new drive continued on up the weed-choked hillside, and stopped. The driver throttled the implement down then turned it off. The hillside reclaimed its former stillness that seemed suddenly the greatest and rarest of blessings. After a pause, a few brave songbirds reasserted their presence with bold chirps from the brush around the pond beyond the drive.
Barton strode past Zach and hailed Leon from ten yards away. “Our contract says you handle all calls from irate neighbors, right?”
Leon cupped his ear where he was standing beside his truck. “What? Can’t hear you!” then broke into a broad grin.
Barton closed the last few feet between them and shook his hand. “I guess this is it.”
Leon shrugged. “Still time to back out. Ain’t that right, Johnny?”
“Till the earth bleeds red,” replied the heavyset man in his sweat-tinged white T-shirt.
Barton knew he was referring to the color of clay in these parts but was further unsettled by the allusion. “Don’t tempt me,” he said, his weak grin a poor cover for his ill ease.
Leon smiled. “Don’t worry, Barton. Everybody has cold feet in the beginning but glad in the end.”
“Like marriage?” Barton said with a wink. Leon had been involved in a messy affair and divorce a few years back.
“What’s this about marriage?” Zach said as he came up.
“Don’t ask,” Barton said then introduced Zach to Leon and Leon introduced them both to Johnny Redmond, owner of We Dig It Grading and Septic.
Barton launched into a series of good-old-boy jokes and anecdotes to the yucking delight of Leon (who contributed his own brand of darker humor) and Johnny.
Zach drifted over to the loader with its grizzle-bearded operator perched on the seat smoking a cigarette under a grease-stained ball cap. Zach introduced himself as “a friend of the owner” and asked a few questions about the loader’s horsepower and torque and controls. The driver gave terse answers in a low growl through stained teeth (the ones that weren’t missing). Zach soon surrendered with a silent nod and walked to one side and took a seat on the pine straw below the house between two large azaleas, their white blooms long gone and replaced by thick dark-green foliage.
A few minutes later, Johnny walked over to the loader, said a few words to the driver accompanied by a bewildering series of hand gestures and signs, all pointed up the hill. Barton and Leon watched in attentive silence from their spot beside Leon’s truck.
Then Johnny stepped back and swirled his arm over his head. The operator cranked the big-pistoned engine. It coughed twice then caught after several loud pops. The driver pulled back on the hand throttle and all that relative quiet fled again. He lowered the four-way bucket till its gleaming lead edge kissed the dirt, threw the transmission lever into first, and released the clutch. The steel blade neatly peeled back the soil. Beneath the twining of honeysuckle and the tangle of blackberry canes and the mat of weeds—green ones from this growing season, brown remains from earlier years—the earth did indeed bleed a deep dark red.
And sitting on that hillside, beneath the hazy sky and wrapped in late summer humidity tinged with diesel exhaust, amidst the deep-throated engine roar and clattering steel tracks, seated to one side in solitary witness with the ground quivering beneath and around him, Zach had a sudden vision of him and Becca walking up that very hill, through the parents of those same weeds—purple aster, Queen Anne’s lace, black-eyed Susan, mullein, goldenrod—less than two years past toward the start of the precious exchange they’d be granted. And from that seat amidst that chaos, he silently and helplessly mourned the loss of those lingering molecules of perfect love erased and buried now beneath more than the mounds of bleeding dirt heaped ever higher by the grunting loader.


Chapter 20

They called from the Avery Library and asked if he could fill in full-time at his old work-study job in Archives for the five weeks between summer term and fall semester. While the pay was paltry (he’d get the same $3.25 an hour he’d got as a student) and the job boring, his grant money was running low with no other prospects of full-time employment. He accepted the offer and pushed his part-time yard work and bartending jobs onto weekends and nights, where they’d mostly been anyway. He also had to set aside his morning routine of writing, but he was secretly glad for an excuse to do this. His novel in progress was a jumbled mess showing no signs of near-term disentanglement.
He spent most of his days anchoring the receptionist’s desk in the front reading room—routing phone calls to one of the three full-time staff in their offices in the back, retrieving documents for the occasional researcher, returning those and other documents to their spot on the shelves in the stacks. He often felt he might petrify from monotony, or become its permanent prisoner, his body wasting away in solitary dormancy in the absence of the physical exertion and the visible rewards of those efforts—a cornfield plowed or hayfield fresh-mowed, a lawn raked clean of leaves, a screened door rehung and closing properly for the first time in years. If this were mature adult employment and direction, give him back immature poverty and irresolution.
His one consolation, though tepid at best in light of his desire to move and do something that showed immediate reward, was that he had plenty of time to read, working his way through a tall stack of hardcovers he kept behind the desk, gleaned directly from the Circulation stacks and bypassing documented checkout, the rights to which he’d relinquished on graduating. He could’ve asked Tam Ward, the redoubtable and ageless white-haired head of circulation, for a Visitor’s Card and acquired his reading material “legally”; but what was the point for only four weeks? Besides, a contrarian side of him liked secretly breaking the rules, finding holes in the system. He’d return each volume when he’d finished to its designated slot and no one was ever the wiser. He read his way through an eclectic mix of nineteenth and twentieth century classics, including Dickens and Hardy and Bronte (both sisters), Crane and London and James, Wharton and Agee and O’Connor, Welty and Mailer and Shaw. He always stopped a few decades shy of current fiction, partly because he didn’t like the recent turn toward post-modern self-indulgence of most of that genre, partly because he didn’t want to contemplate his place in (or exclusion from) that mixed fraternity, but mostly because those newer volumes were kept at the very far end of the sprawling stacks.
He also regretted the dearth of people, not only in Archives or passing by in the Library halls but on the sidewalks and quad and throughout campus, especially missing the students and their promise, however rarely fulfilled, of friendship or adventure. Allison occasionally made a welcomed surprise visit, but such treats were rare since her new job in the Medical Center was a long walk across campus through summer heat and the frequent pop-up showers. What Zach missed the most were the enrapturing visits from the golden-haired Becca, her blue book bag slung across her shoulder, her face and entire body bathed in a kind of divine glow that had both weight and substance. Those visits had ended after his second semester, long before graduating; and he’d not seen her anywhere, let alone on campus, for months. But during the interminable quiet afternoons (the last hour before closing was the worst—a veritable silent tomb of emptiness with the ornate mantel clock ticking off the seconds) her face and smell pried its way into his thoughts however much his consciousness would’ve rather it remained locked away in memory, escaping only in the periodic haunting dream or nightmare.

Though the venues around campus were mostly deserted, the office halls and elevators and break room of the Library were their typical bustle of activity, perhaps even more than usual as employees tended to stay in for lunch with little (people or events) to draw them outside into the sweltering heat. Throughout his student days, Zach had been politely cool toward most of the full-time staff. Part of this was a natural tendency to gravitate toward the affinity of other work-study part-timers, but most of it was in a semi-conscious high-minded dismissal of “librarian types,” by which he meant bookish (literally and figuratively) nerds willing to spend their lives behind a desk locked away in windowless rooms fussing over the arcane minutiae of filing-card entries. That he himself might be called to a version of such behavior—fastidious fiction writer toiling at lamp-lit desk in dingy apartment over the choice of preposition or placement of commas—only aggravated his nose-in-the-air disdain. That is, while he was in school, with ample alternatives for companionship and stimulation.
Now—in a sudden reversal of opinion after a few sweat-stained lonely lunch-hour strolls around the deserted quad and past shops with hand-written Closed for Summer signs taped to their doors—he’d taken to hailing those library types with a wave and cheerful greeting as they passed in the hall (and a few actually responded, looking up from their rapt focus on the vinyl floor!) and anchoring a corner table in the break room for his lunch hour. The first few days the milling assemblage of fellow employees of every age and attire (from dresses and suits to shorts and T-shirts) returned his former polite chilliness. But soon he began to notice tentative glances and curious looks from a handful of regular encounters, most of them female. And in two cases, the glances were followed with intentional engagement.
The first of these approaches came from the skittish and bird-like April Hayes. Though easily fifteen years his senior, with her wild red hair and active big brown eyes and constant fidgeting, she seemed a child ever at the mercy of her irrepressible energy and an unappreciative world. She craved attention, most especially the male brand; and though married with a son in junior high, she gave every indication that she thought Zach the heaven-sent fulfillment of her life-long desire. She’d marked him last year but he’d firmly deflected her advances then.
“Lunching with the low-lifes,” April said as she approached with her pale-blue lunch box in one hand and canned soda in the other. Her ever twitching small mouth and gleaming eyes took all the disdain out of the words and made them seem the kindest of greetings.
Zach couldn’t help but smile back at her. “Too hot outside.”
April glanced around the large sterile fluorescent-lit room with about a third of the tables occupied by mostly solitary individuals with their noses in books or newspapers. “Too cold in here,” she said, meaning more than just the temperature, which was quite cool since the room was in the basement.
“You get used to it,” Zach said.
“Believe me, I have,” she said. “Mind if I share your corner of the freezer?”
“Help yourself.”
“Maybe we can warm things up a bit,” she said as she sat down.
It turned out that April said stuff like that all the time—comments that on the surface seemed to be highly suggestive but with her spontaneity may or may not have had any such meaning. Eventually Zach came to realize she used that ambiguity to carve out a place where she could be herself, the enthusiastic irrepressible innocent in a jaded and cynical world. It was still later, long after he’d last seen her, that he realized crafting such a space for herself was neither innocent nor accidental, was its own form of cynicism.
“Archives rocking you to sleep?” she asked as she unpacked a bean-sprout sandwich on sunflower bread and a handful of cherry tomatoes. “Art and I grew these tomatoes on our deck. You want some?”
Zach shook his head. “Archives is O.K.”
“That department is as dusty as its holdings. I can’t imagine handling someone else’s remains all day long.”
“Remains?”
“Manuscripts, letters, journals—like bones in a crypt.”
Zach laughed. “Never thought of it like that.”
“I have!” She shivered the length of her body like a dog—a skittish little red-haired yapper—shaking off a few drops of rain.
“Aren’t all libraries crypts, then—holdings of dead people’s remains?”
“Not periodicals, at least not when I get them—still hot off the presses with glowing living faces and current news that is still relevant, might still be shaped and changed.”
“But eventually those periodicals become dusty remains, those glowing faces wrinkle and wither and die.”
April frowned at the thought. “In some future sad existence. But in this incarnation, they go straight from me to the current releases room. In my mind that’s where they stay—ever young and free.”
Though her energy and motion made him tired, at that moment he was glad for the fatigue.
The other involvement from that brief fulltime stint was Amber Clayton. One day she caught up to him as he walked from the parking lot to the Library’s back entrance through Receiving. She strode alongside smoking a cigarette up the concrete steps toward the loading dock. At first he thought she was passing him on a rush to her job in Acquisitions (he’d seen her a handful of times his last semester). Then he thought maybe it was just coincidence her pace exactly matched his longer stride but slower gait. But when she swung around in front of him at the landing and blocked his path and dropped her cigarette and snuffed it out with her toeless sandals advertising her bright pink-polished toenails, he finally realized nothing about this encounter was accidental.
“So why don’t you ever say hi?” Amber asked with a frank stare.
She was the opposite of April in almost every way. She was younger than Zach, no more than a few years out of high school. All her parts were pleasantly plump, from her round guileless face to her full breasts to her chubby hands and those cute little painted toes. She had strawberry blond hair to her shoulders and pale-blue eyes. But she was like April in one way—she was married, to a plumber and living in a trailer on her father-in-law’s tobacco farm in the deep country north of Shefford. She was as hungry for adventure as April was for stillness, and this sudden interception of Zach reflected her level of desperation. Though usually annoyed by such surprises in public, he couldn’t help but grin back at her sweet face. Standing one riser below her on the last step, he was still a head taller. From that spot he couldn’t help but get a whiff of her sexuality beneath the smell of cigarette smoke. “I never heard you say hi.”
“I didn’t use my voice.”
“Then that’s why I didn’t answer.”
“There are other ways to say hi,” she said.
Her expression of mild chastisement had never altered but behind it her entire body—indeed, her whole essence and nature—sent a different message, one of primal offering. “So I guess this is one of them,” Zach said simply.
Her glare broke then into a very warm smile. “I guess it is. Sorry if I shocked you.”
“Need my cage rattled every now and then.”
“Grrrrrr,” she growled in her attempted imitation of a lion that came out as the softest of purrs.


Chapter 21

A week before the students returned, with Shefford still in its late-summer slumber that was beginning to fray around the edges from the long slog through the unrelenting humidity and grinding heat, Zach and Allison went out for pizza followed by a trip to the movie theater—one of the few reliably cool refuges anywhere in town (another being the walk-in beer cooler at Todd’s Gourmet where you could linger studying the “best selection of imported beers in the state” till your teeth chattered away in pure ecstasy).
They saw the recently released Endless Love. For several years now, Zach—along with most of the western world—had been dazzled by the stunning beauty of the film’s star, Brooke Shields. And that beauty, under the artful direction of Franco Zeffirelli, was never more perfectly displayed than in this film. But it was only partly the star’s transcendent beauty that kept Zach almost breathlessly pinned to his seat for two hours. The plot’s depiction of the rapid flare-up of all-encompassing love followed by an equally rapid implosion of that love, despite being simplistic and heavy-handed (perhaps because it was simplistic and heavy-handed), recalled for Zach the intense passion then traumatic unwinding of his love for first Allison and, later, Becca. The well-worn but still compelling motif of star-crossed young lovers, carried forward by the director from his hugely successful Romeo and Juliet, struck to Zach’s heart despite the many obstacles and distractions the script threw in his path. Zach wanted to immerse himself in the self-indulgent escape of romance’s ultimate lament—it all would’ve been perfect except for the world! This beautifully filmed clumsy story gave him that permission.
Forty-five minutes later, after the credits rolled past (the only two of the handful of patrons scattered around the cavernous old theater to remain seated till the house lights came up) and they’d reemerged into the stifling night and driven to Allison’s duplex, Zach remained in a stunned daze as he sat on Allison’s light-brown crushed corduroy couch.
She came back from the kitchen and handed him a plastic cup of ice water before sitting beside him, leaving about a foot between them, space enough to spare them each other’s body heat in the torpid room. (Allison’s only air-conditioner was a window unit in her bedroom, and she kept that door closed to lock in the cool.) “Pretty girl,” Allison said. She well knew of Zach’s fascination with Miss Shields. Once upon a time, she’d even been mildly jealous.
Zach nodded stiffly.
“Sad story,” she added.
Zach was silent.
“What’s the matter, Zach?”
He faced her with a weak grin. The woman he saw sitting there, laying her cup of ice water against her pale cheek, was both his greatest hope and his most profound loss. The movie had reminded him of that reality but not fostered the duality. He and his life had managed that all on their own.
She reached with her free hand and lightly brushed his cheek. Her fingers, cold and damp from cradling the cup, caused a chill to ripple outward from that touch. She set her cup on the coffee table and slid closer and used her fingers against his neck to gently pull him toward her. He let his upper body tilt sideways until his head rested in the cradle of her collarbone. She wrapped her arm over his shoulders and caressed the far side of his face and neck. He breathed in the rich scent of her bare shoulder that was only enhanced, and not unpleasantly, by the sweat of the evening and the moment. She lightly kissed the side of his face. He slid his one arm behind her and slowly but firmly pushed her down onto the couch. He kissed her face and neck and shoulders and downward across her chest toward her breast rising and falling beneath the green tank top. His hand that was not trapped beneath her found its way to the bottom edge of that tank top and slid across her stomach and up toward her bra from below.
Allison intercepted his right hand with her left and with her other hand got under his chin sliding downward across her chest and stopped it before it reached the scooped neck of her top. She whispered, “I’m not ready.”
Every muscle in his body froze—not only those in active pursuit of their goal but all the others as well. Neither of them moved or spoke for several long seconds. They were in a very awkward position, their upper bodies pressed together horizontally on the couch but their legs still hanging vertically over the edge, their feet in sandals still on the floor. His head rested on her upper chest, his sweaty ear pressed tight to her sweaty skin. From somewhere inside her chest cavity, he heard her heart thumping in paced calm.
He jumped up suddenly and stood over her.
She clumsily pushed herself back into a seated position and looked up at him.
“I may not be here when you are,” he said
She gave a short nod, leaving her eyes staring at the floor.
He leaned over and kissed the top of her head, whiffed again her scent that called to him so powerfully, had been calling it seemed since the beginning of time. Then he turned and found his way home through the claustrophobic dark.


Chapter 22

They stood over the excavated hole in the ground with its crisp cornered block foundation outlining the perimeter of the future house. The level and straight lines of the foundation stood in sharp contrast to the ragged edges of the dirt hole with clipped roots protruding like porcupine quills and gullies etched in the rim by natural and human forces.
The project had been literally and figuratively bogged down by three days of intermittent torrential rains from a tropical depression that had lingered over the state. Those rains had turned their bleeding earth drive into a hemorrhage with the red dirt washing down the hill and onto the existing drive and into the pond. When the rain finally quit, Leon had to get Johnny and his loader back to the site to remove the sloppy red clay and fill the scraped clean drive with riprap, a mix of large granite stones that Johnny (and now Barton, in a playful tease) called riffraff. Once the “riffraff” was in place, clean dry dirt and gravel were brought in for the finished surface of the drive. The combination of the rains and the repairs had taken nearly two weeks and cost Barton a sizable portion of the funds he’d set aside as a contingency.
But now they’d had a stretch of drier and somewhat cooler weather. The foundation was complete and the basement slab scheduled to be poured later in the week. Despite the delays and added costs, Barton was in a very upbeat mood as they gazed down into the basement in the graying September twilight. “Looks good, doesn’t it?” he said.
“Looks small,” Zach said, regretting the statement immediately.
Barton was unfazed. “I thought so too, but Leon says that’s always the case with the foundation, and to be prepared to have the house look big one day, tiny the next through the stages of construction.”
“Must have to do with the frame of reference.”
Barton laughed. “Like Johnny Wadd’s dick at the drive-in.” Earlier that summer they’d gone to the local porno drive-in theater and been awestruck at the size of the male star’s member on the screen.
“Big as a tree trunk,” Zach laughed in what had become a well-worn inside joke.
“But not as hard,” Barton said in his standard response.
Zach nodded. “That foundation looks hard.”
“Twelve-inch block below grade,” Barton quoted Leon. “Eight inch with brick veneer where it’s visible.”
“Should hold up.”
“I’ll be over here for the tornado,” Barton said.
“Should keep you safe,” Zach said.
“Us?”
Zach looked at Barton. His face under the broad-brimmed leather hat an Aussie friend had given him was a featureless mask in the shadowed twilight. He wondered if Barton could see his face any better. Surely he could, as he had no hat on and the faint glow of the western sky from over Barton’s shoulder would have to be highlighting his features. And if he could see his face, then he surely saw the grin of pure joy that suddenly lifted its every muscle. “Yes, us Barton—if you’ll have me as a tenant and keep the rent within my means.”
The shadowed mask and the broad-brimmed hat nodded up and down slowly. “That’s great, Zach,” he said, though his voice was low and serious. “And we’ll figure out a rent that’s fair.”
“Never doubted it.”
“Speaking of rent makes me think of income reminds me that Leon said he could use a laborer and wondered if you might be available.”
Zach didn’t hesitate. “Sure. Once I’m done at Archives, I’ll be unemployed again.”
“I’ll tell him you’re interested, then let the two of you work out the rest.”
Zach nodded.
They turned to look again toward the basement. A black hole stared back at them, the faint outline of the foundation barely visible, the basement floor lost to the approaching night.
Barton said, “Let’s get back to the house before the copperheads come out.”
“Or the boogeymen.”
Barton laughed. “Too late.”
As they turned toward the drive and Barton’s house with several lights glowing a hundred yards away, Barton reached up and touched Zach’s shoulder and paused him.
Zach looked at his friend and was surprised to be able to make out his face now. He was even more surprised to see the glistening trail of a tear crossing each of Barton’s cheeks.
“Thanks, Zach,” Barton said in a quiet but sure voice.
Zach laughed. “I’m the grateful one—I get to live in a brand new house.”
Barton could laugh then. “So you do,” he said before releasing Zach’s shoulder and leading the way home through the snakes and boogeymen, Zach hustling to keep pace.


Chapter 23

Nathaniel Miller, the foppish head of Archives, found enough funding to extend Zach’s employment two weeks into term. Really, it was Jenny Snyder, the department’s erstwhile secretary and administrator, who found the funding with a phone call or two to the right people. But Nathaniel took the credit and made the announcement in typically formal and overblown style—with a “staff meeting” (the three of them—Larry, Jenny, and Zach—waiting in the anteroom to the offices till Nathaniel graced them with his presence and shared the news) at the start of work three days before Zach’s original stint was supposed to end. After Nathaniel made his announcement then returned to his office and closed the door, Larry leaned over to Zach and asked, “Did he ever ask you if you wanted to stay an extra two weeks?” Zach laughed and shook his head. “Well, do you?” Larry followed. “Two more weeks with all of you?” Zach asked with rhetorical flourish. “How could I resist?” Larry nodded, playing along. “Such generous pay, such marvelous benefits.” Zach said, “And such stimulating company.”
Zach did avail himself of some of that company during the extension. Amber Clayton had made a habit of intercepting him on his way into work, sitting in the air conditioning of her older model pickup truck till she spotted him in the rearview mirror and joined him across the parking lot and up the steps to the back door, talking about the snapping turtle she’d run over in her drive or the thunderstorm that had waked her in the night. Despite his better judgment, Zach had grown addicted to these brief visits, to her primal charms that fed his need, heightened now, for the affirmations of the opposite sex and also hearkened back to dim memories of a rural simplicity. On the rare mornings when the rusting hulk of her red truck wasn’t in its place among the sleek imports and sedans—once due to a flat tire on the interstate, another time from a gynecologist’s appointment that she laughingly described in vivid and intimate detail—he found himself more than a little disappointed.
So when one morning she asked, “Can we maybe talk one day when we’re actually standing still?” Zach found himself secretly thrilled.
He stopped and said, “There.”
She paused and asked, “There what?”
“We’re talking and standing still.”
“How about sitting and talking—and don’t you dare sit on the asphalt!”
Zach looked to the pavement, already shimmering in the morning sun. “Probably burn my butt,” he said. “So what did you have in mind?” he asked, figuring she wouldn’t say exactly what she had in mind but testing, and teasing, her nonetheless.
She returned a sly grin and a frank stare to his question but said, “How about lunch?”
“O.K. When and where?”
“Tomorrow at noon. I’ll pack a picnic and we’ll find a shady spot in the Gardens.”
“A blanket?”
“I’ll bring that too.”
“What should I bring?”
“Yourself.”

By coincidence, at lunch in the break room later that day, April Hayes (Acquisitions had its own break room, so neither Amber nor anyone from that department ever came to the Collections end of the building) said to Zach, “They’re showing Casablanca in Macon Auditorium this Friday. Would you like to go?”
Zach sighed.
April misunderstood. “I know—I cry every time I see it, as much for the loss of romance in our world as Rick’s heartbreak.”
Zach couldn’t help but smile at April’s charming innocence. “Makes you wish to wake up one day in a black-and-white movie set.”
“What a marvelous idea, Zach. Let’s make it happen.”
“And just how are we going to do that?”
“You wear all black, I’ll wear all white. You carry a white satchel and notebook, I’ll bring a black lunch box and newspaper. And we’ll go everywhere together till the rest of the world follows our lead.”
Her ardent fantasy amazed him; but he said only, “How about we just go to the movie?”
She shrugged, dropping her vision quick as it had arisen (or was it just a ploy?—no, not with April). “O.K. Meet you in the lobby at ten till seven?”
Zach nodded, a happy victim for the second time in one day.

Amber stood before the Archives desk promptly at noon the next day dressed in a white sundress with red polka dots that barely contained all her voluptuous assets. She coyly held the wicker basket with both hands in front of her and asked, “Ready?” as she batted her eyes in a gesture that was almost certainly unconscious.
Zach said, “Let me call Larry to let him know I’m going.” But just then Larry emerged from the back and froze in mid-stride at the sight of Amber.
Zach grinned with a touch of embarrassment at Larry’s surprise. “We’re going to have lunch in the Gardens,” he said as he joined Amber at the front of the desk. “What can I carry?” he asked her.
“You can take the blanket. I don’t trust you with the food,” she said.
“I’m not Yogi Bear.” He took the brown wool blanket from her.
“And I’m not Boo-boo,” she said. “But I’ll still keep the basket.”
Zach held the door as she walked into the hall. Over her shoulder he shrugged to Larry who just shook his head.
The dormitories had just opened and freshmen and transfers were moving in. The roads and parking lots around campus were a jam of double-parked cars towing rented trailers and the sidewalks were crowded with dazed or hyperactive kids and their frazzled parents. But once they’d weaved their way through this maze and got to the wrought-iron gates marking the entrance to the Gardens, they were pleased to find those fifty acres of paths and manicured landscaping interspersed with open fields and woods and two ponds (one with an arched bridge) nearly deserted. Amber guided him to a hidden patch of grass ringed by a dense screen of azaleas and rhododendrons and shaded by lofty pines. Despite the warm day and the surrounding vegetation, enough of a breeze made it into their hideaway to make it pleasantly airy and comfortable. Zach spread the blanket in the middle of the clearing.
Amber sat down with surprising grace and lazily crossed her outstretched legs before her.
The sight of those fair-skinned legs and painted toenails (red today, to match the polka dots) in their open leather sandals brought an involuntary gasp to Zach’s throat that he tried hard to hide but almost certainly failed.
She smiled up at him and patted the blanket for him to sit.
He sat cross-legged, Indian style, leaving a few feet between them. He was attired in a light blue short-sleeved dress shirt with paisley necktie, khaki pants, and brown loafers—hardly picnic attire (Nathaniel required that all employees dress “properly,” which meant dress shirts and ties for him and Larry, dresses for Jenny) but Zach was glad for the implicit formality and restraint his clothes brought to the occasion.
Amber grinned at his stiffness then set the basket between them and unpacked a feast of cold fried chicken, coleslaw (the slightly sweet and finely chopped southern kind), biscuits, chocolate pie, and a thermos of sweetened iced tea—all clearly home-made and all, as it turned out, delicious.
Zach ate the meal off the paper plate set in his lap, frequently wiping his mouth and his fingers with the several napkins she’d given him along with the doubled up plate. Amber propped on one elbow, her legs still stretched before her and crossed, looking like a reclining Roman goddess if that goddess had a polka dot dress and the face of a chubby cheeked cherub. The only sounds interrupting their eating were the chirps of birds in the bushes, Zach’s quiet praise of the day and the meal, and Amber’s demure one-syllable acknowledgement of his compliments.
After they’d finished and Amber had packed away the remaining food and collected their dirty utensils in a small trash bag, she sat up, crossed her legs like his (pushing her dress down into her lap), and said, “Now lie back and close your eyes.”
Zach tilted his head doubtfully.
“I’ve got a surprise for you,” she pleaded.
“Tell me what it is.”
“Then it wouldn’t be a surprise.” She rolled onto her knees and knelt before him. “Don’t you trust me?” she asked with the sweetest innocent-girl tilt of her head.
Zach laughed. “With a face like that, how could I resist?”
“Then lie down.”
He shook his head in resignation, leaned onto his elbows then all the way till he was flat on his back and smiling up at her kneeling beside him. He folded his hands at his waist.
“You praying for something?” she asked.
“Maybe.”
She nodded. “We’ll have to see if we can get those prayers answered.”
He gazed up at her luminous face then beyond, to the branches of the pine trees swaying gently in the breeze and their backing of blue sky and sparkling diamonds of intermittent sunlight. He wasn’t sure where he was or where they were going, but he instinctively trusted the gift and its ultimate giver.
“Don’t you pray with your eyes closed?” she asked.
“Sometimes.”
“You only get your wish if your eyes are closed.”
“Petition.”
“What?”
“In prayers, the request is called a petition.”
She frowned briefly. “If you say so, Mr. College Grad. My mama called them wishes and she said you had to have your eyes closed.”
Zach nodded. “Wouldn’t dream of contradicting your mama.” He closed his eyes. Shades of orange and red swirled across the backs of his eyelids.
“Good,” she said.
He heard her open the picnic basket. He smelled the strawberry before it touched his lips, so he wasn’t shocked when the cool and slightly rough berry slid back and forth across his lips. A little of the berry’s juice leaked through his lips to his tongue, tasting sweet. He opened his lips and caught the berry in his teeth. It was perfectly ripened, soft without being mushy. “Where’d you get fresh strawberries?” he asked once he’d swallowed the treat carefully, not wanting to choke on the pulp.
“Pap’s farm,” she said. “Second crop of the season.” She brushed another berry against his lips.
He wasn’t sure if he was praying; or if so, what he was praying for. But if he were, being hand fed fresh strawberries in this place at the end of this meal would be a lush response to almost any petition he could currently imagine. He ate the second berry then a third.
The fourth berry he caught between his teeth and held it there, perhaps wanting to savor the moment an extra second, perhaps wishing to make a silly portrait to the girl and the God above. He felt like a child in a crib—a captive not wanting to be released.
Amber’s teeth clicked lightly against his as she split the berry and pulled her half into her mouth and let the juices ooze down over his lips then licked those juices up with her tongue then pressed her lips to his and pushed her tongue into his mouth.
His tongue felt the berry and felt her darting tongue and wasn’t exactly sure which was which and didn’t care. He was given over to pleasure devoid of consequence, and it smelled and tasted so sweet. He kept his eyes closed. She kept her lips pressed to his.
Then he felt her hand slide under his folded pair and slide downward toward his body part that he suddenly realized was straining toward her. And it was that combination—her intent joined to his desire—that finally woke him. In the momentary daze that followed, he was struck by the irony—since when did his conscience reside in that body part? (It was only later that he weighed the confounding answer to that joking question—apparently always.)
He parted his praying hands and intercepted hers just before they reached her swelling goal. He felt her body exhale its hope into his mouth. So focused on his groin, he’d briefly forgot her lips on his!
He pulled his lips away and rolled to his side and opened his eyes. Her eyes just inches away looked embarrassed and hurt. He gently pushed her onto her back and leaned over her. She smiled then. He felt without looking her legs part and the hem of her dress rise up.
He closed his eyes and counted to three. When he opened them, her face framed by all that strawberry blond hair nodded once from down there on the blanket, waiting it seemed his reciprocal pleasurable surprise.
“You’re married, Amber.”
Her pretty face darkened and all that briefly revived hope flowed out of her supine form, this time for good.
He leaned over and kissed her forehead and each pouting eyelid, smelled again all that promise, felt again all that longing. “But thank you for the offer,” he whispered.
She pushed him away, sat up, and growled, “I think we better get back,” as she pulled her dress down to her thighs.

The next evening—cloudy and humid but no rain yet—Zach walked into the auditorium lobby a few minutes late and April ran across the room and wrapped her arms around his waist and gave him a powerful hug. “I was afraid you’d decided not to come,” she said into his chest.
He looked over her shoulder at the handful of people milling about or filing into the theater. He didn’t recognize any of them; and in any case, none were looking in their direction. He carefully slid his hands to April’s waist and gently pushed her back.
“Oh,” she said looking up, a blush filling in the spaces between her freckles, “Sorry.”
“No,” he said, “I’m sorry I’m a little late. With all the parents in town, I had trouble finding parking. As it is, I’m parked in a reserved space. I hope they don’t tow my truck.”
April laughed. “If they do, you can talk your way out of the ticket.”
“Not if they tow me.”
“I’ll give you a ride home.”
“Your husband and son won’t miss you?”
“They’re at an overnight soccer camp. I’m a free woman!” she said rather loudly as she did a little pirouette in the center of the lobby, which was nearly empty with the film just underway.
“Maybe we should go in,” Zach said.
“I’ve got your ticket. Let’s go.”
Inside the large and darkened auditorium, it took a minute for their eyes to adjust enough to see that the seats were nearly all full, with the only adjacent empty seats in the middle of the long rows. As the opening credits flashed across the screen with orchestral accompaniment, April led the way to a pair of seats near the exact center of the theater, beyond the knees and tripping shoes of more than a dozen annoyed patrons. As soon as they sat, April seemed to forget about Zach as she leaned forward, her eyes riveted to the familiar actions on the screen. In the flickering light of the movie and while seated slightly behind, reclining back while she leaned forward, Zach couldn’t help but watch her almost as much as the film—her rapt expressions in response to the narrative: winces and scowls and anger and laughter and hopefulness. He quickly realized that she was fully lost in the movie, and perhaps believed that she could will a different, and happier, ending.
So when the film climaxed with Rick’s touching sacrifice, Zach was neither surprised nor put off by April’s sudden slumping in her seat and rolling of her face into his shoulder. He took consolation in the fact that at least her sobs weren’t audible as her silent tears soaked through his cotton polo shirt to the skin of his shoulder, and also glad he’d worn a dark blue shirt that wouldn’t show the damp stain.
When the house lights came on, she sat upright in her seat and looked at him with red eyes and a sheepish look. “I warned you,” she said simply.
Zach nodded. “You did.” He wondered if it would be easy or difficult to be that spontaneous and vulnerable.
“Maybe this time it was a little bit for me,” she said in a voice barely above a whisper while looking at the now blank screen across the empty auditorium.
“Not every time?”
She looked directly at him with those big brown guileless eyes. “More this time.”
The Cellar Sports Bar in the basement of the Student Union was jammed, but they managed to slide into a booth when the couple occupying it decide to take their make-out session to more private quarters.
As they slid into opposite sides of the booth, April looked up at Zach with what seemed a taunt and said something he couldn’t hear for the music and general uproar. He cupped his ear.
She leaned forward and put her lips next to his temple and whispered, “I think they liked each other.” She sat back on her opposite bench with an innocent and disarming smile.
The waitress delivered their pitcher of beer and two mugs and they drank without trying to talk over the din. Zach occasionally looked across the room to see if he recognized anyone, but spotted no familiar face. He realized that most of these kids were freshmen and sophomores; and in any case, he knew virtually no one who was still enrolled. All his friends had graduated and moved on. April rarely looked around, kept her eyes glued to the tall young man sitting across from her.
With the pitcher empty and their mugs nearly so, Zach gestured to their waitress for the check. April reached into her purse and slid a small parcel wrapped in white tissue paper across the table.
“What’s this?” Zach mouthed more than spoke.
April mouthed, “For you.”
Around them, the mix of human shouts and the throb of jukebox rock roared on.
Zach unwrapped a trade paperback copy of Rilke’s Sonnets to Orpheus in the Herter Norton translation. He smiled in delight. How did April know Rilke was his favorite non-English poet? He read the inscription in ink inside the front cover: From the heart to one of like essence—April. He looked across the booth and mouthed “Thank you.”
April loosely clasped her hands over her heart beating beneath her hand-made rough silk blouse then gently threw those hands open as if tossing something toward him—a dove or a stillborn wish, or her gushing heart.

Zach never saw Amber again. He ran into April in the grocery store the following spring. She was accompanied by a surly teenager with hair hanging in front of his eyes. And she was far along in a pregnancy that caused her small body to tilt forward. She asked after his writing. He wished her well with her growing family and her life. She shrugged and smiled, her eyes still helplessly vulnerable.
Some years later, he happened to be leafing through Sonnets to Orpheus and came upon a single highlighted stanza:

But you now, you whom I knew like a flower whose name
I don’t know, I will once more remember and show you
to them, you who were taken away,
beautiful playmate of the invincible cry.


Chapter 24

Zach drove, Barton rode across the flat verdant coastal plain of Barton’s childhood. They travelled in Barton’s luxury sedan on a bright Sunday morning in early October, headed for a luncheon and reading in Tarrboro, a small community on the way to the Outer Banks. Barton agreed to the reading as a favor to a distant relative who, as it turned out, wouldn’t be able to attend, as he was recovering from emergency gall bladder surgery at a hospital in Rocky Mount. But he’d assured Barton they’d be in good hands with the Newtons, a family from his church that had agreed to feed them lunch and escort them to the reading at the local community center. Barton had frowned at this development—he loathed being captive to the doting “chicken-salad whitehairs,” his catch-all phrase for rural-village middle-aged empty-nest housewives with nothing to do except gossip and micromanage their husbands’ social calendars—and debated with Zach whether to call in sick himself (he did in fact have a lingering scratchy throat). But in the end he’d elected to fulfill his obligation, not wanting to disappoint those whitehairs or renege on his favor to Cal, and also (Zach knew) secretly hoping to perhaps stumble upon some diamond of experience—a riveting phrase or arresting image. (Some months into the publicity push for his novel, he’d taken to quoting from Auden’s “On the Circuit”:
Though warm my welcome everywhere
I shift so frequently, so fast,
I cannot now say where I was
The evening before last,
Unless some singular event 
Should intervene to save the place,
A truly asinine remark,
A soul-bewitching face.)
But on this brilliantly clear fall morning speeding along flat straight highway devoid of cars through a mix of fields and intermittent woods—the fields mostly the golden stubble leavings of just-harvested soybeans, the woods a weaving of the greens of lofty pine boughs and the yellows of starting-to-turn poplars and sycamores—the two felt destined toward something more propitious than an off-color joke or two over lunch, a couple rows of blank smiling faces at the reading. And despite the straight road before them or perhaps because of it—the human scope of perspective it granted, the divine perspective it intimated—each felt at a crossroads of promise, life-given different crossroads that were somehow made the same, made so by the maker of everything.
Barton felt at the crossroad of early middle age, the just hidden shoals of which had claimed more than a few friends, most often through the clichéd mid-life crises of extra-marital affairs (sometimes including a debauched bursting forth of formerly closeted homosexuality) but also occasionally including a sudden change in career or locale. His novelist’s eye had meticulously documented that these bewildered and bewildering transformations rarely produced lasting peace or even gratification, but that same sensibility understood that wasn’t the point. The point was always an attempt at exorcism, the demons generally ill-understood and elusive amidst the havoc they wreaked. He’d committed from his earliest glimpse of this crossroad (shimmering in the distance from his mid-thirties) to avoid the mistakes of his peers, wouldn’t uproot his life, career, relationships in futile search for meaning. He’d stay put, tough it out whatever the cost. The break-ins had nearly (pun intended, in the best literary sense) broken his will; but Zach had, stoically and stubbornly, steadied him (alliteration also intended) each time, kept him on task. And now, far from the upheavals typical of this crossroad, he was putting down fresh roots in his chosen soil—the roots of a companion residence sprouting next door: framed and with tar paper on the roof, yawning wall openings waiting the reflecting sheen of glass.
Zach, long older than his years (“born forty” his mom would say in lament or pride depending on the occasion), was in many ways at the same crossroad—not of age but of purpose. He’d already blown up his life once—home, family, marriage, calling—or had it blown up for him (by whom or what he still often wondered). Now he only longed to settle down, stay in one place the rest of his life. He understood this desire as chronologically premature and gave passing acknowledgement, even within himself, to the world’s expectations of ambition and aspiration—places to see, professions to sample, exotic pleasures to taste. But inside, in his heart, he heard a different call. Give him a neat and simple hovel, with daily purpose and daily reward, and he would be set for the duration, whatever duration would mean or become. He had the hovel under construction (though it was steadily emerging as more than “simple”). The purpose and reward remained unknown. But he was young (here his chronology met his outlook). He could afford to wait the world’s unveiling of his given calling.
Barton, leaning forward in his bucket seat to take in every detail of the landscape—every harvester parked under tin-roofed shed, every canvas-sided turkey house locked in regimented rows of like structures, every farmyard with chickens scurrying and mangy dogs sleeping—finally took a break and looked over at Zach. “You working for Leon this week?”
Zach had put in a couple half days with Leon the previous week—digging a ditch for the well line, moving a stack of leftover framing lumber to make room for deck footings, digging those footing holes—and enjoyed the physical labor despite the sweat that drenched three T-shirts on the unseasonably hot and humid afternoons. Leon had been lavish in his praise of Zach’s work habits and ability though the jobsite protocols—with the carpenters remaining aloof but watchful, the subcontractors indifferent or dismissive—remained a puzzle, a far cry from the all-inclusive profane camaraderie of the farm. “He’s thinking of using me as a helper. He asked if I had any tools.”
“Just so long as you don’t whip out your one big tool.”
“Oh, they do that all the time—got your whole perimeter marked with their scent.”
“I know. I’ve found their toilet paper in the cedar thicket.”
“Watch your step.”
“Believe me, I do.”
They passed a few more miles of open fields, a vacant vegetable stand.
“Speaking of whipping it out,” Barton started then paused.
“You don’t have to take a leak, do you?” They’d not passed a gas station for miles.
“No. I was thinking of a story Larry told me from the summer he worked on a construction crew.”
“And?”
“A half dozen or so of the hardhats were sitting around eating their sandwiches and drinking their soft drinks when one of them decided to pose the earth-shaking question of ‘How much would it take for you to suck a dick?’ So they went around the circle and one guy said ‘a million dollars’ and another guy said ‘a new bass boat’ and so on. And they finally got to Larry eating his crackers and cheese and drinking his mint-flavored Earl Grey iced tea out of a pottery mug and the head guy said, ‘So how much would they have to pay you, Larry?’ And Larry started to offer a typical convoluted explanation as to how it wasn’t so much a matter of money as principle when one of the other workers held up his hand and said, ‘Ole Larry, he do it for free.’”
Zach hooted. He’d not heard the anecdote, from Barton or Larry.
“Be careful with your construction site conversation,” Barton concluded.
“Warning memorably noted.”
The luncheon wasn’t chicken salad but its effete cousin immigrated recently from the North—quiche. Still, the dessert was good old Southern banana pudding topped with mountain-high meringue and the iced tea was perfectly (which is to say, barely) sweetened and fresh brewed that morning. The dozen guests in the bright dining room looking out on a sprawling deck and a meticulously manicured small yard in an upscale development were more than half male, but the conversation was dominated by high-pitched and energetic female voices (other than Barton’s baritone, that is—Zach was nearly silent, like the rest of the indulgent neck-tied men in attendance). There were no asinine remarks and no soul-bewitching faces.
The reading was better attended than expected, with maybe a hundred people jamming into the windowless hall in the midst of the dusty and decrepit downtown; and many of those in attendance were young, including two rows of undergraduates (and a soul-bewitching face, for Zach anyway—female and blond) that had made the twenty-mile trip from a nearby state university to hear in person the author they were reading in class. The questions following the reading were the usual mix of how do you pick character names and where was the real-life parallel to the fictional setting when a wild-eyed young man stood up in the back and asked, “So are you a homosexual?” He intoned the final word with obvious repugnance.
Barton didn’t miss a beat in his response. “Why? Do you wish to ask me out?”
The audience roared in relieved laughter. The questioner slunk away in silence.
As they returned to Shefford beneath the star-lit canopy, neither had much to say of the day or the darkened landscape surrounding them. Yet both were confident they’d found new common ground on this flat coastal plain. And they were grateful for the affirmation.


Chapter 25

Zach continued to see Allison throughout the fall though far less regularly than in the spring and summer, and their outings tended to be in the middle of the day—Sunday dinners, trips to the mall or craft shops—and consciously avoided moments alone together late at night, as on a couch in his or her apartment. Their relationship, so rich in history of trial and reward, was now confined to the small box of sibling-esque companionship and support—topics of conversation safely superficial, touch limited and always fleeting.
So it surprised them both when, while driving back from a particularly pleasant daytrip to the rustic folk potteries southwest of Shefford, Zach said without looking up from the winding country road, “I’m thinking of going to the Outer Banks over Thanksgiving. Would you like to come?”
And Allison said, “Yes.”
A summary of the short trip—they left on Thanksgiving morning, returned Saturday night—was that the weather was cold and blustery, with rain the first day and at the end. And the weather was the best part.
Zach recorded a detailed and fictionalized account in a short story he wrote a few years later.


Ferry Crossings

“That’s the sadness,” she said. “Knowing it’s doomed but not being able to let it go.”
Though Karen was gesturing toward the most famous lighthouse on the eastern seaboard, threatened by the steady encroach of undermining waves, Mike understood the metaphor all too clearly—the lighthouse equals our relationship, both doomed, both defying tardy attempts at salvation. Well, he thought, that’s a hell of a preface to a weekend on an island, nobody but each other for company in a small motel room. She’d been this way the whole ride, telling him of her new boyfriend a half-hour into the trip (daring him to turn back), complaining about the weather (cloudy late-November, intermittent rain), lamenting the long ride and her sore back. Mike looked at the lighthouse to their left, spiraled black and white against the gray late afternoon, and said, “They could change.”
“What?”
“The sea currents—they could change and spare the place.” But not in this millennium, he thought, not in time for any of us.
“Sure,” she said. For Karen, the problem was simple—she didn’t want to be here. They’d made plans for this trip weeks earlier. It seemed a good idea then, a chance for—what? well, something: companionship for the holiday at least, maybe more. But her tepid support for the idea had faded over recent days, climaxing with the rain this morning, the cold cloudiness now. She wanted to be at home, in her own warm duplex, spending Thanksgiving with fresh company, fresh hope. She felt guilt and anger both and didn’t like the combination.
They remained in the car while waiting for the ferry, didn’t even crack the window though high dunes to either side afforded shelter from the wind; and the sun, pale disk, was struggling to make its first Thanksgiving appearance. All about them, acted out in glass-enforced pantomime, holiday life proceeded. To their right, three children battled for the sand on which they stood, using sticks as guns and seashells as grenades. One boy, apparently the eldest, gained the high ground, dropped to his belly quick as any marine, and blasted the others from above. One of the attackers stood suddenly upright, winced with amazing realism, and fell backwards into a sand-splattered chain of somersaults, coming to rest in a twisted heap five feet from Karen’s door. She said, “My God,” and reached for the door handle before the boy rolled over, winked straight at her, then ran off to a renewed assault. The war game ended when the smallest boy, still climbing toward the top despite an incredible barrage of bullets and grenades, received a direct hit in the face from a conch shell. He stumbled in tear-shrouded retreat to a station wagon two cars ahead.
“Medic’s station,” Mike said.
Karen nodded but said nothing.
One car ahead, oblivious to the tragedies of this dune war, a young couple sat on the hood of their sports car reading the newspaper and passing a bag of corn chips back and forth without looking up. Behind, somewhere in a steadily growing line of vehicles, a white-haired man raised his car hood and was greeted by a geyser of steam. A woman jumped out of the passenger side equipped with a fire extinguisher and sprayed both the engine and her husband-mechanic before he wrested the extinguisher out of her grasp. Someone further back honked in amusement (the first clear sound they’d heard since stopping) and within seconds the whole line of waiting cars, now stretching out of sight around the bend, took to honking. As if on cue, the ferry appeared from around a dune, made a graceful ninety-degree turn, and glided to a flawless docking between tire-cushioned piers.
Mike asked, “Do ferries worry you?” Karen had an almost pathological fear of bridges.
“Not at all, though I threw up on one as a kid.”
“You’re still a kid.”
“I may throw-up today.” She grinned though her voice was flat serious.
“Then why bridges?”
Karen considered the question, staring blankly at the disembarking cars streaming past, flowing north. “I guess it’s because on a bridge you have the chance of escape. If you drive or run fast enough, you might beat the collapse. Imagine the terror of those seconds, not knowing if you’ll survive or not. On a boat, you just sink and drown, no chance for escape.”
“That’s not necessarily true.”
She shrugged.
“Your fears are irrational.” He felt that he’d won a small victory, finally gained some toehold of advantage after a day long with retreat.
She sighed. “Maybe so.”
The last of the northbound cars chugged past (a red VW bus looking all the world like a caboose), and up and down the line car engines cranked and roared. They filed onto the ferry guided by orange-vested attendants, clamoring over the iron ramp separating boat from shore, jostling each other for breathing room, lining up bumper to bumper, door to door. Below, water gushed out of the hold, countering the new weight of cars. Above, beneath his radar dish slowly whirling, the captain smoked a cigarette and watched a football game on a five-inch screen.
Securely blocked in place and waiting departure, Mike clutched the steering wheel and pretend-drove as if on a country road, turning the wheel rapidly one way then the other, leaning his body into each hairpin turn, accelerating and decelerating in his mind until the ride ended with a crash soundless except for his guttural groan, his body compressed against the seat back. Karen squeezed out of the car, asked the near attendant for a cigarette (though she rarely smoked), and got one. The ferry lurched from the dock (the cars and pick-ups bouncing in unison), the boat’s diesels roared, and the exit ramp (blocked now with chains) opened a gaping hole of churning gray water.
Mike suddenly realized it wasn’t he who’d gained the advantage, however small, in the bridge-ferry question, but Karen. He’d expected a simple logical response; that is, that her fear of bridges resulted from the combined fears of water and heights and that neither fear alone affected her as strongly. She’d known he was expecting such a stock answer and instead gave him her cryptic response—that her fear was of the struggle, not the outcome, of a tragedy. What had she meant by that? Was she just keeping him off-balance, safely distant, with an unexpected answer? Or was she making some statement about the day, some parable of their love (or what remained of it)? Suddenly the air in the car seemed to vanish, replaced by clear plastic, liquid now but hardening. He reached not looking (his eyes still directed straight ahead, locked in place) for the door handle, found the window crank instead (they were using her new car, unfamiliar to him), turned it three quick revolutions, felt the plastic air flow out, the sea air, chill and salt-laden, flow in. He returned his hand to the wheel, breathed deep and lasting breath, and watched the ferry drive him onward, splitting the close chop of the sound.
Karen didn’t know what to do with the cigarette now that she had it. It was an unfiltered brand, stubby and strong smelling between her fingers, more like a Cuban cigar than the long thin filtered kind a friend sometimes shared at bars. The attendant leered as she studied the specimen. He pulled a lighter from the pocket of his faded jeans, flashed it before her like a magic toy. She stared a moment, uncomprehending, then shook her head, fumbled in her purse for the matches she knew were there, and finally found them. She waved the crumpled pack at him as if they were a ticket or passport to some destination of relief; then she turned, still not lighting the cigarette, and maneuvered through the crammed cars toward the front of the boat. On the way she passed a van where a woman was silently nursing an infant. The sight slowed then stopped her. The woman—really, no more than a child herself, perhaps just out of high school, perhaps not—didn’t look up but kept her gaze aimed steadily downward, her smooth adolescent features framed with straight blond hair. The baby, bundled tightly except for wisps of brown hair topping its blanket, nursed with ardent determination. Together, the two shaped an archetypal portrait of motherhood, could’ve been a Vermeer painting frozen there beyond the clean glass. Karen waited for them to move, stared in hopes the mother might glance up and smile through bad teeth or the baby would roll its head and burp up bubbly thick milk or begin wailing. But they didn’t move, neither one, instead waited out her stare in patient oblivion till she, not they, crumbled, turned in disarray, clutched the metal rail for support all the way to the front of the ferry.
When Mike found her among the crowd of forward gazers, she was crying silently, her eyes open and unflinching but welling steady tears. He mouthed a silent “Why?” but didn’t touch her.
Karen didn’t speak but leaned into him in a gesture as loving as any they’d exchanged in months. Mike was startled and touched by this vulnerability and pressed closer, as much to gain support as offer it.
Together they stared ahead in the slanting wind, each seeing a world stretched flat before them though each seeing a different world. Mike saw what was there, his vision bounded by the realities of present tense and the limits of human sight. He saw dark bands of clouds running north-south in tight order, black water tipped with foamy peaks, a raft of fowl hunkered low in the sea, blank dunes in the gray distance, a pair of sea ducks crossing low and headed west, their pointed bills and long necks in straight unfaltering lines, their wings beating in a syncopated blur. Karen saw a different world, her mind transforming the bleak present into a dazzling vision. She saw endless chevrons of flying fish rising in arcing waves from a golden sea, flanked by leaping dolphins and whales spouting water like fountains, the air full of birds of every color and size against a bright blue sky and dazzling sun. And as she watched, her vision that had unfolded with motion and sound like music but better suddenly froze, twinkled in a moment of rippled iridescence, shrank to a brilliant dot, then was gone. She exhaled slowly. She felt suddenly calm, calmer than she’d felt all day. Her paired vision—Madonna and child, fantastic sea—defined her boundaries of possibility, possibilities she was fated ever to be aware of but never to participate in. Yet she felt no frustration at her exclusion. It seemed enough to know of their existence. Then too there was Mike, hers for the weekend, something she could have. She pulled his arm closer to her neck, leaned her face against his shoulder.
She felt something in her hand, recalled the cigarette, now turned to damp meal in her near-numb fingers. She laughed aloud, unkinked her fingers and let the pulp fall to the waves pushed back by the resolute prow.

Yet no sooner were they on land again than the roughhewn bond shaped through silent touch crumbled into the dust of memory, sifted down atop their special pile of memories of love and real affection. And the void was filled not by renewed antagonism but by emotional distance, a gap perhaps greater in their minds than in fact, heightened by their enforced proximity—no friends or obligations to hide behind, excepting of course their obligation to each other which seemed either no obligation at all or the heaviest weight in the world, depending on the perspective of the moment.
Mike pulled off the road just beyond the ferry station to let the long line of trailing cars pass. The little car wallowed in the wet sand, swerved farther off the road, wallowed some more, then stopped. Karen grimaced and glared at Mike but said nothing. While they waited, it seemed to Mike that the car was slowly sinking and that by the time the cars all passed there would be sand to the windshield. The wait seemed an eternity. Neither spoke; they hardly breathed.
With only a few cars to go, Karen broke. She opened the door, jumped out, and ran up the dune. She considered walking beyond the dune’s crest, might just keep on till she reached home; but a broad channel of fast-moving water blocked her escape. So she squatted at the top of the dune and watched the rest of the cars go by, refusing to look at Mike or her new car stuck in the wet sand. The last vehicle, a lumbering camper with kids of assorted ages hanging out the windows, roared past belching exhaust. A little girl held her doll out the window and made the doll wave. Karen waved back.
With the highway clear, Mike started the car and put it in gear. He revved the engine and let the clutch out. He felt the tires spin then catch, spin then catch, till finally they bumped over the edge of the asphalt. And then he kept on going. In the rearview mirror, he saw Karen stand at the top of the dune but make no move in his direction. Up ahead, the camper stopped in the middle of the road. Were they stopping for him or Karen or some unrelated reason. He stopped maybe twenty yards behind the camper, waited to see what was going on.
But nothing happened—no one got out of the camper. After a few minutes, the camper continued south on the long straight two-lane road through the dunes. Mike looked in the rear-view mirror. Karen was no longer on the dune. Just then, the passenger door opened and Karen climbed in without a word. Mike waited in place, the car idling quietly, till the camper was out of sight in the gray sea haze. Then he put the car in gear and followed in their wake.
The road into the village was deserted, the afternoon late, dark manifesting its presence by humble degrees. They passed through great puddles spanning both lanes. Mike raced through them without slowing, the car throwing off arcing sheets of water, the spray hissing on the engine. Karen said nothing. The road was banked high on both sides by tall featureless dunes, and they might’ve been in some nightmarish tunnel of desolation except for the occasional breaks in the dunes that revealed the ocean to their left (dark endless blank etched with white caps beneath a leaden sky) and a broad plain of dune grass to their right.
They passed a sign that said Wild Ponies—Parking Ahead.
Karen said, “I want to see the wild ponies.”
“They’re not wild,” Mike said. “They’re in cages.” He meant fences not cages but didn’t correct himself.
“Still I want to see them.”
They drove past the parking turnout. In the split second of passing they could make out fences and an open-sided shelter but no ponies.
Karen turned and glared at Mike.
“We’ll come back later,” he conceded when he couldn’t bear her stare any longer. Soon a few scattered cottages began to appear and the lights of the village glowed on the horizon like a longed for home in the wilderness.
At the motel (eight low rooms in a row, a two-story residence at one end for the owners), the woman already had Mike’s name and address hand-printed on the register. He signed his name where she pointed then looked up at her. She was lean and petite in every feature except her eyes which, though not overly large, seemed to embrace the room, the whole dimming island. Mike flinched before her gaze; and, though Karen had stayed in the car, he wondered how much this woman knew or sensed of them, their scarred history. He wanted to ask her, “What are our chances?”—shaped the words in his mind but not with his lips, stared at her in silence. The spell was broken by two quick chimes, like the sound of a motel desk bell though there was no such bell on the desk and the sound came from the room beyond the desk. The woman acted like she’d not heard the bell but quietly took the pen from his hand and passed him a key.
“You’ll pay at the end of your stay,” she said.
To Mike the words seemed more judgment than financial agreement, more curse than a simple proclamation of trust. He nodded, surrendering to her foreknowledge, and buried the key in his cool palm. He turned toward the glass storm door. Karen’s profile beyond two layers of glass was washed by the jaundice glow of yellow bug lights. Lit like that and motionless, she looked like a corpse. Mike turned back toward the woman. She was gone. The sound of gunfire then a T.V. siren rose from the back room. Had the stage battle been raging all along and he’d just failed to notice it till now? He faced again the door. Its oiled closer compressed silently at his touch, wheezed at his exit.

The one open restaurant advertised a “Home-made Thanksgiving Feast” but the fare seemed more a transfer from a frozen dinner aluminum tray with soupy instant potatoes and gravy that rooted where the cook had dropped it. But that was O.K. They hadn’t come out here for the island’s fine cuisine, and the mere presence of chattering patrons after the day’s long and too quiet ride was worth the price of a mediocre meal. The restaurant was bulged with a mix of dapper-dressed tourists and dungaree-clad locals. Conversation raged about them, a cacophonous blend of island lilt (with Elizabethan phrasing that seemed drawn from a Shakespeare play) and diverse visitor accents—New England, New York, New Jersey, Maryland: all northerners apparently. The jumble rarely knit together into coherent sentences but still the babble was soothing to them both, coated them like a warm bath. Had the racket suddenly ended, they would’ve felt bereft. But there was little chance of that. Every seat was filled and a line was fast lengthening at the door.
Their food delivered (with coffee for Mike, tea for Karen), Mike risked words of his own. “This might be some foreign land.”
Karen didn’t hear. “What?”
“This place.” He made a short arc with his fork. “We could be in another country.”
Karen nodded. “We are,” then added, “It may take awhile to learn the language.”
Mike stared at her, studied her words as if they’d etched themselves in the blank air above the table. “I was never much good at languages.”
“I know.”
“Karen, why’d you wait till we were halfway here to tell me about this other guy?”
Her face went pale. The noise around them, though loud as before, seemed to fade to a whisper. “It wasn’t halfway. You could’ve turned back.”
“Why not yesterday, last week?”
“I didn’t want to hurt you.”
That yanked an ironic laugh from his throat. He found some food on his fork and ate it.
Karen had meant the words and didn’t understand his sarcastic laugh. She stared at him a minute then poked at her food. Chatter filled in the big spaces around and between them.
After minutes of silence, Karen found an oyster buried in her stuffing though they’d both ordered cornbread stuffing. She excavated it with her fork and knife and kicked it across to Mike. It landed on his bread plate.
He couldn’t help laughing, genuine this time. He flicked it back at her, she at him. They stopped this miniature food fight short of embarrassment, the oyster, none the worse for wear, halfway between them, an obscene centerpiece. They finished their dinners and plowed through dessert, pecan pie, as if famished, both buoyed by the relief of silliness but with an underlying tension at the prospect of the coming night, their first together in years.
But once outside, alone again under the lofty sky recently cleared and moonless with impenetrable black between the stars, the thin bridge of playfulness collapsed beneath the burden of solitude and the demands of silence. Nervous anticipation gave way to wearied resignation.
Karen, feeling lower than she could remember, waited for Mike to close his door and douse the car’s dome light then asked, “Was it hard stopping my bike?” The question referred to their first meeting—he eight and standing at the bottom of the hill; she six and perched screaming on her new two-wheeler, the chain off its sprocket and the bike’s brake nonexistent. She’d often asked the question over the ensuing years of friendship, courtship, and marriage. It’d become an encoded pledge of loyalty and affection, and a vow of gratitude. She didn’t know why she asked it now, hadn’t thought of it let alone spoken the words for years—since well before their separation and divorce.
Mike gave his stock response. “Easy as pie.”
But that wasn’t enough for her this time. “And what of when the bike and I and everything fell over on you and the pedal cut your chin?”
“What of it?”
She was lost in motivations she didn’t understand but pressed on anyway. “Well, was that easy too?”
Mike laughed. “I didn’t even know I was cut till you scolded me for staining your dress and went home crying.”
“Leaving the bike on top of you in the road.”
“I believe I fixed the chain and straightened the handlebars before I cleaned the cut.”
“It was hardly a scratch.”
“Ruined your dress.”
“That’s what I told you. Actually, I never washed it, kept it under my bed for years and would take it out and sleep with it beside me and pretend it was you. With your blood, it almost was.”
Mike was shocked. “Is that true?”
Karen opened her mouth to give an honest affirmation but couldn’t speak the word. Something almost tangible passed over her, through her, and left her limp with exhaustion. She could barely manage a shallow nod.
“Do you still have the dress?”
“I burned it in the trash barrel the day before we ran away.”
“To punish me?”
“To spare you further harm.”
Mike sat silent.
“And maybe just a little to keep you to myself.”
“So it’s gone?”
“No one ever saw it except me.”
“Not your mother?”
“I hid it in the box spring.”
“Then burned it.”
“On the verge of our new life.”
The air in the car gained weight. The night, which had been forgotten, suddenly pressed in on them. The island, empty of moving cars and predominated by unlit windows seemed especially desolate. The steering wheel beneath Mike’s hands regained form and substance, the plastic slick with his sweat despite the cool night. He turned the key, revved the engine, and eased the waiting gears into forward motion.
A half-hour later, changed and ready for bed (she in a floor-length flannel gown, he in undershorts), they lay together but not touching on the inner bed watching television images that would randomly clear then blur in response to factors beyond their control or understanding. They didn’t pay much attention to the disrupted screen. Though neither spoke nor looked toward the other, each was painfully aware of the other’s presence. Mike felt he should do something, make some graceful romantic gesture, but couldn’t imagine an action that would meet with anything other than rejection. Karen, accurate to Mike’s estimate, wished for nothing to happen, could imagine no activity she would prefer to this (albeit taut) stillness.
She finally guaranteed this end by falling into a dreamless sleep. Mike recognized the moment of her exit by the changed pattern of her breathing—audible now and restful. He faced her then, studied her features blanched gray then white by the television’s flickering glow. She was still recognizably the girl he’d saved that day long ago; her face had aged amazingly little. The twisted irony of this fact—her still young face in their old and dying relationship—brought tears of regret to his eyes. He rose, switched off the T.V. and lay on the other bed.
Despite his travel fatigue, he couldn’t sleep. He lay on his back staring at the rough-textured ceiling dimly visible six feet above. One minute the speckles would seem tiny holes, the ceiling a sieve; then the speckles would appear raised, the ceiling a broad sheet of coarse sandpaper. He tried to remember which it was—holes or grit (acoustic tile or sprayed ceiling)—but couldn’t remember. He grew angry at this failure of memory or lack of observation, but wouldn’t stand to resolve the mystery. He just lay there and stared at the ceiling. He slid into a kind of half-sleep, his eyes open but his mind suddenly empty.
Around midnight, the bathroom light (left on with the door open a crack against Karen’s fear of the dark) went out, came back on a few seconds, then died for good. The change roused Mike from his stupor. He lay unmoving for long minutes, waiting to see if the world righted itself without his intervention. Above him, the stubbled ceiling had risen beyond sight. He realized the streetlights beyond the shades were also out; the room was utterly black.
He groped for his jeans, found them folded on the corner chair. He pulled them on, then wrestled with a long-sleeved T-shirt, put it on backwards and inside-out, took it off, put it on right. He slipped his loafers on his bare feet, felt along the wall to the door, turned the knob, felt the chain catch, closed the door, slid off the chain, then opened the door, stepped outside. It seemed a bit brighter out there. He could make out the silhouette of Karen’s car, the only one in the narrow strip of parking lot. But there were no lights visible far as he could see in either direction along the narrow road in front of the motel.
He inched his way along the walk toward the office, careful to avoid the deck chairs in front of each room. He found the office door unlocked and stepped inside the anteroom. There were no lights there either, but the room was lit by a flickering glow coming from the room beyond the desk. He thought, Say, “Hello” but couldn’t speak the word, couldn’t break the oppressive silence that had surrounded him now for—what? hours at least. He stepped around the desk, moving more surely now, and looked through the open door into the room beyond.
The room was lit by two candles, one beside the blank television on a shelf, the other on a bedside table. The candles soft light was mesmerizing after all that darkness, and at first he didn’t notice the occupants of the room. Then he recognized the woman from this afternoon—her small frame clothed in a housecoat, her back to him—bending over the bed and helping a man perhaps twice her size out of the bed and into a wheelchair. The man said nothing and made no attempt to help the woman in maneuvering him into the chair. Instead, he stared over her shoulder straight at Mike. Discovered, Mike felt both guilty and embarrassed. He wanted to retreat but, like the man, couldn’t get his legs to work. He just stood there and stared back at those implacable eyes.
Then Mike realized there was a voice in the room. At first he thought it a radio, tuned to some emergency wavelength. But the voice was soothing and quiet, not brittle and stark with command, the words (which Mike still hadn’t deciphered) in a gentle singsong of reassurance, like a mother humming to a frightened child. It was the woman, cooing soft nonsensical sounds as she sat the man upright on the side of the bed, swung his limp legs toward the chair, then hoisted him into the seat without stumbling and without pausing her calming murmur.
Seated in the chair, listing heavily to his right, the man continued to stare blankly at Mike.
Mike finally looked away and saw that the room was a remodeled library, the walls covered with floor to ceiling shelves. A small bathroom had been added in one corner, the cheap paneling a jarring interruption to the graceful shelving.
The motorized chair lurched forward, straight toward Mike.
The woman jumped aside, pulled the man’s hand off the controls and scolded him, though still with those gentle, maternal tones. She bent down and put slippers on his bare and ghostly pale feet, then placed his feet in the metal foot rests of the chair.
The man’s gaze never left Mike.
Mike finally found feeling in his own legs and silently retreated into the darkness of the anteroom. He leaned hard on the motel desk and inhaled deeply to recover his breath (had he been holding it the whole time inside the room?). He felt suddenly exhausted. He hung his head and closed his eyes.
“This happens often,” she said, touching his shoulder lightly to ease any shock. “It’ll be right by morning.”
Mike looked up at the woman, her face soft and ethereal in the flickering glow, and felt at peace for the first time that day. He raised a hand to return her touch but stopped short of real touch, left his hand hanging in the air between them like a wordless greeting or plea.
She smiled and nodded. Then she handed him a candle in a solid brass candleholder. “You might want this,” she said.
Mike nodded, his eyes never leaving hers.
“There’re are matches in your room, drawer of the bedside table.” She paused, then said, “But take these just in case. I’ve got plenty more.” She handed him a small box of wooden matches. “The water and the phone are still good, and the power will be back by morning.” She laughed. “Might want to be sure to turn off all the light switches, in case it comes on overnight—don’t want to shock you and that pretty wife of yours!”
Mike could smile finally. “Thank you.”
The woman nodded. “You’re my guests.”
Mike nodded agreement to that simple fact. He turned and exited the office. The breezeway in front of the rooms, though every bit as dark as earlier, seemed less dangerous, less intimidating than before.

Karen had waked the moment the lights went out but hadn’t said a word. She heard Mike rise and leave and thought to herself—This is what I’ve waited for; now I have it. But that assertion was followed by a simple if unanswerable question—What now? Ten minutes of black silence had yielded no clear answer and she gradually grew concerned. What had happened to Mike? What if he didn’t return?
Mike quietly entered the room, closed the door, and stood at the foot of her bed. Though there was no new light, Karen somehow saw his face, only his face, and saw in it the face of the person she’d loved longer than anyone. And still loved, she thought suddenly in a moment of startling emotional intensity.
Mike set the unlit candle and matches on the dresser behind him, then slowly peeled back Karen’s covers. He hiked up her gown, slid off her panties, threw off his T-shirt and pushed off his jeans. He knelt between her legs and bowed his face to that beating core and unearthed at that center something he’d never known before.
Then he rose above her. They fashioned together from their humble and too long neglected parts (of body and soul) a union that was neither desperate nor sad, furious nor poignant, but was finally an attempt at healing and a future—here in this dark room on this dark island on the western rim of the Atlantic.
Then they fell asleep, draped around each other on the narrow and too soft motel mattress. A new stillness established itself in the room, broken only by the deep and lasting breaths of its sleeping occupants and the click of the bathroom light when it leapt back to life a few minutes the dark side of dawn.

From beneath the sheet Karen had pulled over them, Mike heard the clamoring of gulls and the roar of a fishing boat’s diesel engine. He opened his eyes and saw the cloth-filtered strands of daylight and the near rise of Karen’s breasts beneath her nightgown. He sensed that Karen was awake and feared she’d been awake for some time, waiting for him to stir. He always woke before Karen, and shrank at the thought of her waiting while he slept, felt suddenly vulnerable and exposed.
He slid quickly from under the sheet and stood naked beside the bed. He walked to the back window and pushed aside the curtain to reveal the quaint harbor in full morning sun, two rows of trawlers at the dock and one coasting into an empty berth, a cloud of gulls trailing. He raised the sash, letting the clamor flood the room along with a ripple of cool salty air.
“Is it sunny?” Karen asked from beneath the covers, though the bright room clearly announced that it was.
Mike nodded (invisible to her) then added quietly, “Yes.”
“Warm?”
“I suppose, for November.”
“Warm enough to hunt shells?”
Mike turned and smiled at the mound beneath the covers that was Karen in hiding. She loved searching shells along the waterline more than any other beach activity. He’d almost forgotten that passion. “Warm enough.” He let the curtain fall back across the window but left the sash open to the morning and all its noise and promise. “Power’s back on.”
Karen’s head and shoulders appeared from under the covers and she sat against the headboard. “It was out?”
Mike tilted his head. “Most of the night.”
“I didn’t know.” She rested her chin on her drawn up knees and smiled up at Mike. “I thought maybe you’d switched off the light.”
“I wouldn’t do that to you.”
“By accident maybe, or force of habit. Anyway, it all seemed to fit into the dream.”
“Dream?”
She stared at him from the pool of shadow surrounding the bed. “Of you and me in the woods with snow falling. I lost you.”
Mike waited for her to continue. After some seconds of silence he said, “That’s it?”
She looked away, toward the curtained windows facing the road, the passing shadow of a figure along the breezeway. “There seems more, but I can’t remember it now.”
“And when I got into bed with you?”
She continued to stare at the roadside windows though the figure beyond had passed. “That seems more a dream than the other.”
Mike stood staring at her from the foot of the bed.
She faced him finally. “But I know it wasn’t.” Her eyes betrayed no emotion, good or bad.
He bore her stare calmly, but couldn’t for the life of him find the thread of love he’d hoped would survive the night. “It was the same for me, I guess,” he lied. He felt sorry it had come to this.
“It’s not your fault.”
“I know,” he said with an audible sigh. “It’s nobody’s fault.” He turned to pick out the day’s clothes from the suitcase open atop the dresser. Only then did he remember he was naked, his parts that had survived last night dangling helplessly between his legs.
Karen hugged him from behind, laying her head against his back, cloaking the backside of his body with her warm flannel gown. “There’s an island breakfast waiting for you,” she whispered. Mike loved breakfast more than any other meal.
He flinched at her touch, shivered the length of his body despite, or perhaps because of, her warmth.
“Eggs and steak and toast and coffee,” she purred then laughed. “Juice and a Danish for me.”
Mike could laugh finally. Her scent was all over him, proof of last night, and this morning. He spun around, returned her hug with a powerful one of his own, kissed the top of her dark head, then slid from her grasp. “An island breakfast, huh? Sounds great. Let me shower for the feast.” He headed for the bathroom, the day’s clothes tucked under his arm.
Karen stood in his wake, just then realizing the gulls had stopped their ruckus, leaving the morning utterly still save the click of the bath’s door latch followed by the hum of water coursing through the showerhead.

The broad beach stretched for uninterrupted miles in both directions. They paused at the crest of the dune. Mike panted slightly against the sudden flood of carbohydrates and glucose and caffeine swelling his arteries. Karen removed her sunglasses and polished them with the hem of her beach shirt. Two fishermen tended their lines in the hazy distance south; a bright umbrella shaded some figures beneath a blanket near the waterline to the north. Other than these, the beach was deserted far as they could see. Without a word, Karen sloshed ahead through the soft cool sand, her pink plastic pail and shovel in her right hand. She turned south at the high-water line and began looking for shells, kicking pieces of driftwood aside, occasionally bending at the waist to pick up a shell, dropping it in her bucket.
Mike pulled the binoculars out of their case but put the large lens rather than the small to his eye. Through that orifice he spotted the tiny dot of a person that had to be Karen. She seemed miles away. He headed for the figure, the turned around binoculars glued to his eyes. He stumbled along for what seemed a long time but didn’t seem to be getting any closer to the figure. Then suddenly he stumbled on a piece of driftwood, kicked over her pail, and fell into her.
“Mike!” she shouted, both startled and annoyed.
Mike looked up at her from where he’d fallen on the sand. He smiled, grabbed the chunk of driftwood, and thrust it deeply into the sand. “I declare this territory, and all therein—” He paused to consider the declaration, then added simply “—mine.” He saluted Karen glaring down at him.
She shook her head and picked up her overturned pail, carefully retrieved the few shells she’d gathered. “The shells are mine.”
“And the shell collector?”
Karen looked up then, but not at Mike, stared instead out to sea, the surf rolling in then out again.
Mike pulled the cheap disposable camera from the beach bag and snapped her picture—her face in profile, intent with longing or hope (“you choose,” it seemed to say).
She faced him. “Unfair.”
He smiled. “The picture or the question?”
She smiled and shook her head but gave no answer. She took up her bucket and continued her shelling along the waterline.
Mike followed, both camera and binoculars safely stowed in the bag slung over his shoulder.
They walked a long ways, neither speaking, Karen intently searching shells, Mike walking nearer the water, watching sandpipers probe for food, fly ahead, probe some more, the waves chasing them, they the waves. They passed the fishermen, their lines sloping into the sea, their poles in plastic sleeves pounded into the sand. A small shark lay beside a tackle box, its visible eye milky and dull, some late-season flies gathering. Karen winced. Mike nodded to the fishermen who nodded back. Ahead, the beach was empty.
Farther on, Mike angled away from his path along the water and intercepted Karen at the high-water line. “Head back?” he asked.
Karen looked beyond him to the surf, her brow furrowed in concentration. “A reticulated helmet,” she said finally.
“What?”
“A beautiful shell I found years ago. The most beautiful one I’ve ever found—a reticulated helmet. I’ve been trying to remember the name all morning.”
“Before me, I guess.”
“Long before you. I couldn’t have been more than ten—on some island up north.”
“With your parents?”
She nodded.
“‘Reticulated’—a pretty word.”
“A prettier shell,” she said, still looking toward the water.
“No doubt.”
They stood there a moment in silence, as if they’d forgotten where they were, where they were going.
“You know the story then.” The voice came from behind and above, a strong, assured, and deep female voice cutting through the shallow murmur of the waves.
They both turned to see an old woman in a farmer’s straw hat and a calf-length cotton print dress descending the dune toward them. She moved deliberately on worn beach shoes, testing each step, but showed no limp or obvious frailty. She carried a walking stick but didn’t use it.
Karen nodded. “Good morning.”
Mike said, “What story?”
The woman paused in her approach. “I saw you looking toward the water. I assumed you knew.”
Mike shook his head. “No, we don’t.”
She nodded, slowly closed the gap between them to a few feet, then set her stick firmly in the sand and leaned against it. Her eyes, despite the shade of her hat, seemed to sparkle with intensity and feeling. “Right there,” she said, pointing toward the surf. “Maybe twenty yards out.” She paused. “No, the beach has shrunk since then. Maybe fifty yards out.” She reflected on that. “Yes, fifty. They spotted the body.” She glanced up and nodded sadly.
Mike and Karen stared back.
The woman frowned, twisted her stick deeper into the sand. “They thought it might be an early season swimmer. It was mid-May, the water still cold but some might give it a try just to break the winter’s boredom. I swam once in March—St. Patty’s Day!” she laughed and shook her head. “I was a whole lot younger and more foolish in those days, I assure you!”
Karen smiled. Mike nodded.
“But when the head didn’t come up, the salvage boys, Skip O’Donnell and Mutt Olson, assumed the worst and waded out—Mutt did, Skip stayed on shore and dry—and hauled him in. He had on a British sailor’s uniform. They found three more bodies over the next couple days, all off a British frigate sunk by a German U-boat. They buried them in the village, in wooden caskets draped with Union Jacks and carried by local Coast Guardsmen. My father presided at the service.”
“Could they identify any of the bodies?”
“Two of the four. We had an address for one, and I wrote to his wife soon after. We’ve since become good friends. She’s visited here, years later of course, and placed flowers on his grave; and I’ve visited her in England. I didn’t realize it until recently, but we share something more than our letters and visits. We share her husband. I have his body—his grave’s not a hundred yards from my house—and she has his son, born five months after he was killed. She never remarried, and I never married. In my last letter, I joked about it—being wedded to the same spirit. And she wrote back and said I’ve always known that.” The woman chuckled ironically, the sound from deep down in her throat. “I guess that was enough for me.”
Mike and Karen didn’t know what to say, so they said nothing.
The woman continued. “This isn’t part of the story and you didn’t ask, but I’ll tell it anyway. People have thought me crazy most of my life—taking sustenance from schoolkids who won’t recognize your face three years after graduating and finding comfort in tending the grave of a foreigner buried six thousand miles from home. Local folks with hives of children and grandchildren and great grandchildren look at me alone in my big white house and wonder, aloud sometimes, how I’ve made it this far without swallowing a pot of lye. Truth is, I don’t know how I’ve done it. But one thing I do know is I’m the happiest person on this island: seventy-eight years old and still sound in heart and limb and head, still able to rise each morning with a smile and trust in the future. I’ve buried lots of friends who followed different paths.”
Mike spoke then, his eyes gazing toward the ocean, not the woman. “You’re blessed.”
She cackled. “Others would say cursed.” Her voice assumed its former gravity. “But you’re quite right. I’ve known as much for decades now, even if I’ve only just started speaking that truth, and then only selectively.”
Mike turned and faced her. “How’d you find that peace?”
She fixed him in a steady gaze. “That’d take years to tell,” she said calmly. “Quite possibly more years than I have left.” Her smile never faded.
Karen cried, “Look!” She pointed toward the ocean.
Maybe fifty yards out, a gray triangle broke the water’s surface in a shallow arc, then disappeared. Then another rose and fell, then another, and another, and another. A pod of dolphins swam now in the waves where, forty years earlier, a drowned sailor had washed ashore. Karen laughed, dropped her shell pail and shovel, and ran to greet them. She waded to her knees into the tossing surf then stopped, the dolphins still some distance away, swimming steadily north.
Mike and the woman watched in silence from where they stood, held the high ground.

That night as they again lay in separate beds, the bathroom light glowing, and holding, through the crack of the door, Mike finally braved the reach of his arm across the gap between the beds to Karen’s near shoulder. She rolled soundlessly away, leaving her back toward him. Though he knew she must be asleep, this rejection still stung like a slap. The air of the room seemed to press in on him, pushing him down into the mattress. He felt crushed by the night and the close space. He couldn’t breathe. Cool drops of sweat trickled down his sides.
He sat up suddenly, dressed quickly in the dim light, opened the door and stepped quietly into the more quiet night. It was cold and he immediately regretted not grabbing his coat, but he didn’t turn back. He got in Karen’s car, cranked the engine, and backed into the empty sand-covered track. He didn’t switch on the headlights till he was well beyond the motel.
The village at that hour appeared as a Hollywood set—well-lit storefronts and shops but with no people or signs of life beyond the façade. It was the loneliest setting he’d ever seen, not for its desolation but for the unrealistic hope it inspired, hope that at any moment one of those doors would open and offer forth—what? a live person at least, a voice, movement, chance for company, maybe chance for love, here among the storefronts. Alas—nothing, no one.
He was glad when the storefronts transitioned to cottages, then the cottages dwindled and the streetlights dimmed in the rearview mirror then disappeared. He was alone now, his world defined by the modest reach of the headlights and the dunes banked to either side they illumined. Those lights pulled him along through the tunnel, kept him moving north. He suddenly knew this was what he’d left the motel to find—bounded empty space with motion. That combination eased his mind, allowed him to set aside the doubts and fears that had haunted him all day, all weekend. His body relaxed. The road rushed on ahead.
To his mind, happily confined to the narrow band between windshield and the outer reach of the headlights, it seemed he might continue like this forever—moving outward on a dark and empty highway, never having to look back, never stopping his forward thrust.
Then the road ended at the ferry slip. The one-room ferryman’s hut rose up out of the dunes and the night, well-lit and quaint but, like the houses in town, starkly empty, a pretty picture painted on a black, and blank, background. His road of escape was not unending. He stopped the car where the road widened into multiple lanes for ferry loading. He stared at the station and imagined the swift currents of the channel hidden beyond, pushing onward north—out to sea, the dark Atlantic, the continent beyond. He longed to follow its pull.
But he turned the car around, headed back the way he’d come, the same road different now.
Halfway to town, he turned left into one of the dune-bordered beach-parking turnouts. After he’d stopped and turned off the car and its lights, his mind continued its travel toward town, imagined the first fragile glow of the village, then the empty cottages on the outskirts, then the deserted street, the forlorn shops. He saw the motel with its parking slots, all empty, in front of the rooms, their room number 5, the door opening, Karen’s shallow calm breathing, his bed nearer the door. His mind travelled there, felt his hand pull back the covers, slid his body between the cool sheets, warmed them with his touch, fell into dreamless sleep.
He faced the dark windshield, the utterly black world beyond it, and asked aloud, “Why?” Why this pause—in his escape, his return? At first there was no answer, then there was, words etched into the inky void—You’ll never be this alone again. He didn’t question the assertion but wondered why it mattered.
He stepped out of the car into tangible emptiness. The frigid and damp air pressed in around him, hung from his shoulders like a wet blanket, coated his face like clear plaster. He stood beside the car and waited for his eyes to adjust to the darkness, glean from the blank whatever faint light there might be, give some vague hint of his surroundings. But no sight arose. His blindness was absolute. Standing beside the car (that he reached out to touch to assure himself of where he was), he began to feel himself dissolving in the dark, his soul leaking away. He should open the car door, crank the engine and turn on the lights, rush back to town, his waiting bed.
But instead he stepped forward into the night. He felt asphalt give way to sand, and the sand rising upward. Strands of grass brushed his pant legs, a few whispered past his fingertips. The sand grew softer as it rose. Then the slope crested beneath his feet, then started to slope downward. He could hear the surf now, waves breaking—not violently but rhythmically, soothing. How long had that sound been there and he not hear it? What else had he missed?
The sand descended and gradually firmed. The sound of the sea grew louder. There was no more grass against his legs or on his hands. He still couldn’t see anything. He felt himself in a tunnel, drawn or pushed steadily forward toward an uncertain fate. The crashing surf roared in his ears.
He grew frightened and stopped in his tracks. One more step might place him in the water—and once in its embrace, there’d be no turning back. He felt something pushing him forward; he resisted with all his will and might. The stalemate lasted a long time. The force pushing him forward continued unabated, but his resistance began to wane. Any minute, second now, he’d be driven into the sea and be gone. He imagined Karen brought to her abandoned car by the village sheriff.
Then there was no more push. He was just standing there in the darkness, free to go where he pleased. He shivered in the cold void.
Then it came to him, not as a vision or sounds from above but from within, and not a thought or a feeling even but an improbable wave, from the heart this time, as inexorable and inscrutable as love or hatred or fear—You can forgive yourself.
He nodded to the night. He turned and walked back to the car, his strides long and sure this time.

Part II

Zach carried two oak logs across the deck and into the house. He pushed the fir-framed glass door closed with his hip then walked across the large and open greatroom to the woodstove on its Mexican tile hearth (Barton especially loved the one tile with its dog print permanently baked into its rust-colored surface). He opened the woodstove’s cast-iron door and set first one then the other log on the mound of orange-red embers then shut the stove’s door. He never ceased to be amazed at how much heat a stick or two of firewood could produce—in this case, heating the entire twelve-hundred square foot house against the twenty-degree January night just beyond the wall of windows and the lofty cathedral ceiling. A profound sense of satisfaction and gratitude, helped along by the bourbon on the rocks cocktail and two glasses of wine at dinner, permeated his soul at the current union of an old farmer’s self-sufficiency with this brand new house and home. He carried that satisfaction along with a carafe of dark-roast coffee to the far end of the greatroom and offered refills to Barton, Garrett, and Owen seated on his well-worn furniture brought from his apartment last weekend.
Barton held out his pottery mug to be topped off. “It’s all your fault, Garrett,” he said with a broad grin and twinkling eyes and lips that twitched playfully after he was finished speaking. Zach could always tell when Barton was completely happy—his facial features never stopped moving.
Garrett’s owl eyes behind his glasses grew big in mock alarm. “I deny everything.” Then he added, “But what is it I allegedly did?”
“This house!” Barton exclaimed, waving with his free arm to take in the whole house on this first weekend of occupancy, this first dinner party now winding down. “We wouldn’t be here if you hadn’t suggested the idea a year ago.”
“It was my idea,” Owen said quietly from his seat closest the fire.
“It was?” Barton asked.
Owen nodded. “I suggested a guesthouse. Garrett called it a rental house.”
Garrett shrugged. “I really don’t remember.”
Barton frowned, puzzled by this uncharacteristic flaw in his memory.
Zach sat after refilling his own cup on the end table. “Owen’s right, Barton. But you can excuse yourself the slip—you were in a bad state that week.”
“I was, wasn’t I? Well,” he said, his countenance suddenly lifting, “Out of the ashes of despair—”
“—a bright ray of hope,” Garrett finished. “In this case, a house!”
Barton lifted his cup into the air between them. “To good friends and their good ideas.”
“To the house,” Zach added.
“And in best wishes to owner and occupant,” Garrett said.
“And in blessing,” Owen concluded softly.
The others nodded assent. Then all four leaned forward and tapped their pottery mugs together in the center of the greatroom warmed by the woodstove, those two oak logs relinquishing their stored solar heat, melting to ash.

After Garrett and Owen had left, Barton and Zach stood inside the deck door reviewing their plans for the weekend, occasionally looking around the house and outside to the floodlight illuminated woods and drive. Neither had fully acclimated to the fact that this house really existed and that they were now neighbors—could at any moment or whim gaze at the other’s home, perhaps catch a glimpse of what was going on inside through an unshaded window. Barton, ever mindful and covetous of his privacy, noted the unimpeded expanse of glass and said, “Eunice Brewer will be out to measure for blinds on Monday.” Barton had ordered blinds from Eunice more than a decade earlier on moving into his house and periodically had cause to use that good old boy’s services since—most recently with the replacement of his patio door’s blinds after the break-in.
Zach shrugged. “Whenever.”
“You’re O.K. with exposing the family jewels for all the world to see?”
Zach laughed. “I’m not afraid of the wildlife looking in.”
“Not even the two-legged kind?”
“I’ll leave the door unlocked so they can come in!”
Barton frowned. “I’d be careful about that, if I were you.”
“Just joking, Barton. Only visitors with keys allowed.”
“And that’s just me, right?”
“For now,” Zach said with a playful grin.
Barton nodded slowly. “See you tomorrow,” he said as he pulled on his leather jacket and wrapped his neck in a burgundy scarf. “Sleep well.”
“I will,” Zach said, closing the door behind his landlord and neighbor and locking the deadbolt, the heavy bolt seating in the reinforced doorframe with a resounding thunk.
Barton nodded approvingly before bounding down the three steps and heading for his house glowing beyond the gravel drive.

Zach stood at the kitchen sink preparing to wash their dishes (Barton, in a late economy, had declined to install a dishwasher in the cabinet opening provided) when a rapping at the window caused him to almost jump out of his skin.
Barton stood on the deck waving for him to come out.
Zach recovered enough to make his way to the door and open it. “You scared me to death, Barton.”
“Thought you weren’t concerned with being exposed?”
“That doesn’t include someone sneaking up on me and banging on the window.”
Barton laughed. “Use your blinds.”
“I will, once they’re installed.”
“Put your coat on and come out here a minute.”
Zach was still shaken and annoyed by being caught off-guard. “What’s going on, Barton?”
“Come out here and you’ll see.”
Zach hesitated at the open door.
“Zach, hurry up!”
He finally grabbed his down bomber jacket off the back of the chair and walked out into the frigid night.
Barton strode ahead without looking back. When he got to a spot in the drive beyond the lights of the rental house and before the lights of his house, he stopped suddenly.
Zach caught up, curiosity starting to replace his annoyance. “What’s up?”
Barton said, “Look up,” and pointed toward the north.
Zach looked and in the middle of an open expanse of star-sprinkled sky a ribbon of red light shimmered in a quivering arc. “Northern lights?” he said after a few seconds’ silent amazement.
“Must be. I’ve never seen them this far south.”
“Or that color,” Zach said. He’d seen silver and green versions a few times in New England.
“I’ll take it as a good omen.”
Zach weighed the comment. “I’ll take it as a rare occasion to be out this late on a clear winter night,” he said in an attempt to minimize the sign. He too saw it as an omen, but the color unsettled him.
“Our house blessing,” Barton confidently added. They’d talked about getting an Episcopal priest friend out for a house blessing but had lately leaned against the idea as too pretentious. This accidental (or not) cosmic blessing seemed much better.
“In blood,” Zach blurted.


Chapter 2

Malcolm Donnelly, the only one of Zach’s yardwork employers who deemed—indeed, demanded—to work alongside him, sat cross-legged beside the pine-straw path yanking braids of twisted ivy from their twirling ascent of a stubby magnolia, the sapling’s big leaves still green and shiny despite the mid-winter stasis. The morning was cold but bright; and the sun’s steady though late climb in the sky was marked on the side hill’s lawn by the melting frost, the shade’s glowing white coat dulling to damp brown in the new sun. But the sun did them little good here, as the shade of that magnolia and its much larger nearby parent combined with that of still taller pines to keep them locked in frigid shadow. Zach returned from the brush pile with the empty canvas tarp and spread it beside Malcolm, who tossed several armfuls of shorn ivy onto it. Zach had on gloves and a stocking cap and two sweatshirts—a hooded one atop a crew-necked—over his flannel shirt but Malcolm worked bare-handed and bare-headed with only an unbuttoned denim coat covering his white T-shirt. Apparently the diminutive, white-haired professor didn’t share his aversion to the cold.
Zach leaned over (he wasn’t about to sit on the frozen ground) and clutched a wad of ivy and yanked it up.
Professor Donnelly grabbed his near wrist to stop him, then used well-worn pruners to clip the taut strands of ivy. When the last vine was cut, Zach tossed the tangle onto the tarp. In the spot just cleared, a small cedar sprig rose out of the mulch and humus. “Didn’t see that little guy,” Zach said.
Malcolm nodded. “Never know when we might want a cedar sapling for transplanting.”
“Or you could leave it right here. It’d look good along this path.”
Malcolm nodded in quiet condescension. “Maybe.”
They worked on the ivy an hour longer then took a mid-morning break in the kitchen of the rambling two-story house for cookies and tea, served by Malcolm’s chattering wife Louise, and a chance to warm their frozen fingers and toes. After the break they worked in the warmth of the full-sun in the front yard clearing still more ivy from a low stone wall separating the woods from the lawn. Zach shed first his stocking cap then his gloves then his hooded sweatshirt, tossing them to one side on the brown lawn. Malcolm continued in his open jacket, unfazed by the thirty-degree difference in temperature from the backyard.
“How are your children?” Zach asked, now more talkative in this warmer spot.
“O.K., I guess.”
Malcolm had two children—a daughter recently graduated from college living in the next town west and working as a receptionist for a law firm in Shefford, and a son away at college in Ohio. Zach had never met the son but he’d seen the daughter, Isabelle, at a cocktail party Malcolm and Louise hosted before Christmas. She was short like her father and pretty with shoulder-length blond hair and watchful, cautious gray eyes. They’d exchanged a few flirtatious words after he’d protested her mixing of bourbon with orange juice until she’d deftly maneuvered her taller, dark-haired friend Miriam between them. The two had slipped into the crowd while Zach exchanged holiday greetings with the English Department’s secretary. He’d intended to follow up with Isabelle at the party—why exactly he couldn’t say—but hadn’t crossed paths with her again before he’d had to leave for a bar-tending job later that night.
“They were home for Christmas?”
“Isabelle just for the day. Tom for two weeks, but I hardly saw him—slept all day, out all night.”
“Brought his college schedule home with him,” Zach laughed.
“And all his dirty laundry!”
Zach nodded. He wondered what it would’ve been like to be a normal college student, bringing dirty laundry and bloodshot eyes home for the holidays. He wondered what it would be like to have a home. He wondered if he’d ever had one; and if not, why not?
“I’m more worried about Isabelle.”
Zach glanced up from his weeding. Malcolm never talked in more than superficial generalities about his children. He’d assumed that Malcolm had chosen to let them live separate lives, or been forced to. “How so?”
“For a while I’d pass her first thing in the morning, when I was headed to campus and she to work.”
“So?”
“She doesn’t live on this side of town, but her boyfriend does.”
“Caught red-handed.”
“Or red-faced.”
“You or she?”
“I don’t think she ever noticed me.”
“The oblivion of love.”
“Or the blindness of the morning’s rush when you’re late for work.”
“Maybe one and the same. So you don’t approve of her spending nights there.”
“Oh no, not at all. I was happy for her.”
“Then why are you worried?”
“I don’t pass her in the mornings anymore; and when she stopped by earlier in the week, she didn’t mention the boyfriend and seemed depressed.”
“You didn’t ask about the boyfriend?”
Malcolm threw his arms up in mock horror. “Ask my daughter about her love life?”
Zach nodded. “I guess some subjects are off limits.”
They worked on together in silence in the warm January sun. When their noon quitting time approached and they began picking up their tools and Zach his shed clothing, Malcolm said, “You should give Isabelle a call sometime.”
“To check things out and report back?”
“That’d be nice, but no. I think maybe you could both use a friend and companionship.”
Zach hadn’t told Malcolm about the Thanksgiving debacle and the void Allison’s absence had left in his life, but maybe he’d sensed a need in Zach to match his daughter’s. He shrugged but didn’t say no.
“I’ll give you her number.”


Chapter 3

The darkness is so much harder to understand than the light, for the darkness wants to remain obscure, the light exalted.
Zach wrote that sentence in black ink in the margin of the canary college-ruled sheet of page 168—the current page—of his novel in progress. Normally he only wrote the date in the margins, in theory saving that space for editorial comments or corrections, though he never made such corrections in the holograph, saved those notations for the typescript and beyond. So this sentence, written lengthwise on the legal pad, perpendicular to the text, was a first. The hour of composition—2:41 AM—was also a first, as he’d made a rule in the early days in Boston never to mark a manuscript, either in composition or correction, between dusk and dawn, after turning a promising story into a hash of illegible words and blacked out text during a night of manic drunkenness.
But this sentence, in its perpendicular segregation from, yet association with, his novel, had a certain rightness of placement, and provided immediate reward as his quivering hand (the ragged edges of the script would forever attest to his distress) steadied soon as he set the pen aside.
He was sitting naked at his desk in the loft, every light inside and outside the house glaring but the slatted blinds all closed to spare the raccoons and occasional passing deer the shock of viewing his pale skin with its dark thatch of hair at his groin and the lighter dirty blond disarray atop his head. He’d been sleepwalking again, pried unconscious out of his bed downstairs by an anxiety dream—human intruders this time—he hardly recalled, his own shouts and murmurs misjudged by his sleeping brain as malevolent voices scheming harm. He’d checked the whole house, throwing (and leaving) open every door, pulling clothes out of the closets and leaving them strewn across the floor, opening the cabinet doors in the kitchen and bathroom, all the way upstairs to the loft with its low rail barely safeguarding a ten-foot drop to the hearth below, the sharp edges of the cast-iron woodstove.
Then he woke up, standing in the brightly lit loft with the ceiling fan whirring like a propeller, blowing frigid air across his nakedness—maybe it was that chill that had jarred him awake. But instead of rushing for a warm robe or back between the blankets of his bed (once he set them back on the bed), Zach sat down at his desk, opened his notebook containing his novel in progress, and found some immediate ease from recording the sentence shouting in his roused consciousness.
He’d always been a restless sleeper. From his earliest memories, his mom would recount how even as a newborn she’d lay him on his stomach in the crib only to find him on his back facing the opposite way an hour later. In grade school he’d wake agitated and sneak out to lie down among the resting, cud-chewing cows in the barn. In high school he’d defuse his jangled nerves by parking his sports car at a deserted hangout in the state forest and let sleep settle over him while sitting in the driver’s bucket seat, his feet tangled around the pedals and his hand on the round shift knob. In Boston he’d sometimes end up at the strip clubs or in dangerous alleys or empty parks, responding to his threatening dreams or insomnia with a wanton recklessness.
But for about two years—since coming to Shefford and befriending Barton and dating Becca—the worst of his sleep disorders had been dormant, the condition manifested only occasionally in vivid dreams. Perhaps this was because he hardly slept during the period (no more than an average of four hours a night), or perhaps it was because he was content and motivated and loved. Becca’s face loomed large anytime he thought of this period of nocturnal peace—not so much her physical presence beside him in either late-night roamings or his makeshift bed (though that was the best!) as the sense of purpose and calm her love brought to his life. As that love and her presence had faded, the demons returned—unsettling enough in the close and private confines of his small apartment but growing dramatically and frighteningly in this cavernous multi-level house with its set of unfamiliar shadows and sounds from inside and out—the vast wild outdoors. (It was years later, following the diagnosis of an unstable and suicidal friend, that Zach learned that paranoid schizophrenia most often manifested itself in males between the ages of eighteen and twenty-five.)
Zach sat staring down at the well-lit sentence on the well-lit page quivering as if alive from the cold air stirred by the fan whirring above. The darkness is so much harder to understand than the light, for the darkness wants to remain obscure, the light exalted. In the clear-eyed calm that settled into his body after the adrenaline rush of his frenzied search, he perceived a certain logic to the sentence’s perpendicular juxtaposition to his novel in progress. At the moment, he saw his fiction writing as his best chance to placate these demons over which he had no control or understanding. He wouldn’t hope to address them directly in his novel; such a course would surely ruin his novel and only deepen his despair and isolation. But he hoped that his slow mining of the equally ill-understood creative vein of ore buried in his unconscious might somehow relieve other pressures building in there. That it hadn’t worked very effectively to this point—he was, after all, to page 168 yet still sitting naked at 2:54 AM at his desk, all the lights on—was an acknowledgement he avoided at that moment. His fiction writing was his best hope short of entering the scary and expensive realm of psychoanalysis.
He closed the plastic brown leatherette cover to his legal pad, rose a bit stiffly then went around switching off the lights and fan. He walked down the carpeted stairs while holding tightly the rail, then put the rest of the house in order before returning to bed, a few hours of dreamless sleep earned finally at considerable cost.


Chapter 4

Zach worked methodically and at a fast pace in turning over the dense clay of their garden plot on a drippy and cool afternoon in late February. It was still a few weeks premature for planting, even the earliest of peas and lettuces; but he was agitated and restless from so much time indoors these last few damp and cold weeks, even with the indoors being his beautiful brand new home—perhaps because it was a beautiful new home (he felt compelled to watch his every step, promptly cleaned every smudge of the paint, touch-up every nick in the wood trim). He needed to release some of his pent-up energy and decided to do so by turning over the garden despite the inclement afternoon. The petite and bird-like wife of an ancient retired professor emeritus (she also ancient but with eyes and a mind quick as any precocious child) had told him at a luncheon last month that the best way to break up the dense southern clay was to turn it over when it was wet then let it freeze—the hard clods would dissolve to a workable loam. He made this suggestion his excuse for engaging in this untimely task.
In a steady rhythm only occasionally interrupted by striking a rock or snagging on a tree root snaking into the plot from one of the bordering pines, Zach sank the spade into the damp soil to its hilt, rocked back on the long wood handle, and turned the shovelful of dirt—holding together in a single clod dense as a brick—leaving the raw and nearly smooth orange-red surface facing the gray sky. He worked side to side across the forty-foot wide plot, slowly making his way the length of the hundred-foot long garden in regular lines of fresh dirt. The parallel furrows weren’t near as big as the plow’s curls back home, and this soil’s tint was garish in comparison to the river-bottom’s nearly black fertility; but the steady emergence of regular rows and the scent of fresh-turned soil called forth a visceral memory of one of his earliest pleasures. Soon he was sweating beneath his sweatshirt and stocking cap despite the cool day.
“Farmer Sandy hard at work,” Barton said from the garden’s edge. He sometimes used this abbreviation of Zach’s last name as a pet nickname.
Zach froze in mid-shovelful and waited a few seconds before turning, annoyed at being startled and more annoyed at being dislodged from his rhythm and silent reverie.
“Little early for gardening, isn’t it?” Barton said. “Calling for snow flurries tomorrow night.”
Zach turned and tried to twist his features into an indulgent grin. “Just getting a jump on the season. Molly Frederick says this is the best way to pulverize the clay.”
Barton looked at the humps of soil. “Doesn’t look very pulverized.”
Zach laughed. “Can’t teach The Great Indoorsman nothing! She says the clay will crumble after it freezes.”
“And you believe her?”
He shrugged. “Can’t hurt. Besides, I had to get out of the house and release a little steam.”
Barton nodded gravely. “I’ve noticed your lights on all night.”
Zach suppressed his first response—what business is that of yours?—and instead offered the simple truth, “More dreams of someone or something in the house. When I wake up, all the lights are on, the sheets and blankets in a heap, the furniture slid into the middle of the room.” He knew the confession would unsettle Barton. But if he was watching out the window in the middle of the night, he already knew part of the story; might as well know the rest.
“Your guns were still in the closet?” Zach had a shotgun and a .22 he’d brought from the farm once he knew he’d be moving into the country.
Zach laughed. “It was a dream of an intruder, Barton, not a hunting trip.” Zach understood Barton’s implication and secretly feared the prospect himself—some possible future uniting of his nocturnal delusions and his weapons. He’d hid the ammunition in the house’s attic in hopes of keeping the guns from being used against him—by a thief or his anxiety-addled self.
“Maybe you ought to talk to someone.”
“About what? Sleepless nights? Recurring nightmares? I’m just restless, Barton. Need to get out and work off some of this energy. That’s why I’m out here. And working for Leon should help.” Leon was starting another house soon as the mud dried; he’d asked Zach to work full-time as a carpenter’s helper.
Barton nodded. “How’s Allison?”
“Fine, far as I know.”
“I’ve not seen her car lately.”
“Because it hasn’t been here lately.”
“You two O.K.?”
“As in friends—yes.”
“As in more than friends?”
The question irked Zach, not so much for its intrusion into his privacy—he’d never kept anything from Barton, from the earliest days of their friendship—as for its change of heart regarding Allison’s role in his life. Early on, Barton had questioned his old wife’s compatibility with his new writer’s life. Now, it seemed, he saw her as a safe hedge against Zach’s demons and loneliness. Most irksome of all, Zach himself shared—or had shared—that hope. The trouble for them both was, Allison didn’t. “There is no ‘more than friends’ with me and Allison—not far as I can see.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.” 
“You knew that, Barton—since Thanksgiving.”
“She helped you move and was over a few times. I thought maybe the iciness had thawed.”
“We’re good friends and always will be. But we’re not getting back together.”
Barton just shook his head.
It started to rain—a steady cold rain just a few degrees above freezing.
Barton said, “I’m heading in. Stop down for a drink later if you feel like it.”
Zach nodded. “Thanks. I’ll finish this then see how I feel.”
“Don’t catch pneumonia, Zach.”
“In this beautiful weather,” he said, holding out one hand that was quickly glistening in the cold drops.
Barton shook his head and left. Zach, though he hated working in the rain, cold rain most of all from the interminable wet winters on the farm, stayed on to finish spading the garden, the shovel piecing the wet soil in a rhythm soothing and sure.


Chapter 5

Zach stared unabashedly at Isabelle seated across the table. She looked a lot like her father—the same high forehead and heart-shaped face, small mouth and nose, kind but cautious eyes. She’d cut her hair short since he’d seen her before Christmas, close cropped to her ears in a boyish cut that left her face that much more open and vulnerable and, paradoxically, feminine. He surprised himself with how calmly he gazed at her, more relaxed than ever with a girl on a first date (of which, truth be told, there’d only been a handful over the years). Maybe it was because he’d finally grown up, had a degree of self-assurance (however feigned) that freed him from dependence on the reaction and opinion of the latest female interest. More likely, his confidence in this instance grew from a sense of knowing Isabelle better than she knew him, from his friendship with her parents, most especially her father. In fact he didn’t really know that much about her (except that juicy tidbit about spending nights at a boyfriend’s)—her father was either cagey or ignorant about many of the details of her current life and thus hadn’t shared them with him. But of course she didn’t know that.
Isabelle on the other hand was far from relaxed. Her hair was a mess (in her opinion) with the waves going in every direction but where she wanted them to go. Her face was marred by several small blisters from too much sun that afternoon while at a track meet on campus (her fair skin was prone to sun spots). She felt under-dressed in the dark jeans and turquoise blouse opposite his navy sport coat and dress shirt (why had he told her informal attire if he was going to wear a sport coat?). Worst of all, she assumed her parents had told him everything about her while she knew so little about him except that her mother was a fan—had told her early on that he was cute (which she’d seen for herself) and smart (which she presumed) and worldly (but in a mysterious way). Had he asked her out to gather information and report back to her parents, in which case she needed to keep her guard up? Or was he on a more obscure mission—but if so, with what intent? The one thing that never crossed her mind was that he’d asked her out because he found her interesting and attractive and wanted to get to know her better. That possibility seemed so remote as to be an impossibility.
This imbalance came to a head even before they’d placed their orders when, while sipping their cocktails—his a gin on the rocks, hers a gin and tonic—he mentioned her father’s numerous physical ailments and tenuous health and she promptly burst into tears. Connie, wife of the restaurant’s owner and hostess and tonight doubling as waitress until the regular waitress showed, walked up to take their orders and saw Isabelle’s tears and said without missing a beat, “What have you done now, Zach?” and used the corner of her freshly applied apron to wipe the tears off Isabelle’s cheek.
Zach shrugged and said, “I think I’m innocent” and in fact felt neither guilt nor awkwardness as he gazed calmly at the flustered girl opposite him. What he did feel was a strong sense of compassion at her openness. Underlying that clear impression, though not conscious, was the feeling that anyone who could be this vulnerable was someone he needed to stay close to, needed to care for and nurture. The possibility that she might be emotionally unstable, even dangerously so, never crossed his mind—a reflection, perhaps, of his own instability and hidden desperation.
Isabelle quickly composed herself with the help of Connie’s gentle fussing. They placed their orders and the evening settled into an exchange more typical of an initial date. Isabelle gained some measure of confidence in the fact that, despite everything going wrong that could go wrong, Zach was still there and his eyes reflected neither aversion nor fear. If anything, his face seemed kinder and more attentive than before. From Zach’s side, he realized—been smacked between the eyes—that this girl was not to be toyed with. For whatever hidden reasons, her heart was very close to the surface—with him anyways, perhaps with everyone—and he needed to treat her accordingly. These rash assessments imbued the night with a not unpleasant tension, and this tension made for a powerful attraction.
Isabelle neither loved nor hated her receptionist’s job, was mainly just glad to have a job and be able to live on her own. She shared a two-bedroom apartment with a roommate from college, but was growing tired of the roommate’s late hours and slovenly habits. She enjoyed reading and painting and sewing and kept a scrapbook from her college days. Though out of school almost two years now, she had no clear sense of future goals or long-term plans. She was content to work five days a week and spend the rest of the time with friends or in solitary hobbies. She had no obvious ambitions, realistic or otherwise, and offered no apology for modest expectations. Zach found her unvarnished candor refreshing and disarming, and totally unexpected.
Zach told her of his new home, his writing, his job working construction. He talked of Barton and made it clear that he was much more than a landlord and former teacher. Isabelle said she’d met Barton a couple times through her parents and found him both eccentric and intimidating. She granted that those impressions may have been borrowed from her mother as she’d never actually spoken to the famous writer. Zach laughed and said he was far from intimidating once you got to know him but that he understood how one might get that impression. Zach said nothing about having been married; Isabelle said nothing about her relationships, recent or otherwise. And after the ill-fated comment about her father, he was not mentioned again.
They finished their meal of fork-tender, perfectly aged and trimmed prime beef (large cool-center filet mignon for Zach, small medium-rare for Isabelle); and even after lingering over cheesecake desserts and coffee, the night was still young as they emerged from the restaurant into the empty strip-mall parking lot.
“You want to find a bar for a nightcap?” Zach asked as they approached his beat-up truck sitting off by itself.
“Sure,” Isabelle said with something approaching relief—but at the idea of extending the date, or avoiding a trip to some private place and the decision she’d have to make between her heart’s attraction and her head’s caution?
“Any suggestions?”
“You pick.”
He did, choosing the third-story bar at a recently opened hotel less than a mile away. With its sleek contemporary décor of polished chrome and black and white furniture and floor to ceiling glass and its mix of local walk-ins and out-of-town guests, it was the closest chance at cosmopolitan worldliness sleepy Shefford had to offer on this night. Zach wasn’t quite sure why such exposure to the larger world mattered at this moment—did he want to impress Isabelle with a glimpse of the world beyond her regional familiarity or was he just trying to ensure they’d not run into any of her friends (or former boyfriends)? Whatever his reason, he coolly ignored how out of place his truck looked among the sleek foreign imports in the hotel’s parking lot and walked confidently across the airy lobby to the gleaming elevators with Isabelle following not touching a half-stride behind. He nodded to an elderly couple in tux and evening gown that exited the elevator then held the door till Isabelle was safely inside. He released the door and pressed “3” for the hotel bar.
As the doors closed and the elevator began its slow ascent, he gazed down at the girl standing beside him, a few inches of open air between them. She was staring straight ahead at their slightly distorted reflection in the chrome wall opposite. He felt a sudden welling of peace and reassurance quite unlike anything he’d ever felt toward another human being, least of all one he barely knew. And he thought—I can love this girl forever, exactly those words. But what was extraordinary about this feeling and those words was that he felt no necessity to act on them. The key word in the unspoken sentence was not love or forever but can—implying also or not, total choice and discretion in the matter, as if this were not a singular opportunity and gift but an option that would return endlessly in different face and form if this one didn’t work out. And what was important about this blithe confidence, in direct contradiction to all his life had taught him the last ten years, was not so much its flagrant hubris as its softening of his normal intensity and hidden desperation, a level of need that would’ve crushed anyone not named Barton Cosgrove let alone the demure Isabelle if it’d been allowed full expression. That might seem a lot to compress into a silent elevator ascent of two floor levels, but then again not so much—just a simple sentence and associate intuition. Such were the drivers of Zach’s life far back as he could remember. When the doors opened and they stepped out into the dim and quiet bar, everything had changed.
They sat at a small table beside the windows looking out on the highway and the lights of the village beyond. She ordered a Bailey’s neat and he a bourbon on the rocks from the pretty waitress Zach barely noticed. He stared at Isabelle across the table.
“What?” she asked, though her former self-consciousness had been firmly replaced by curiosity. Was he as attracted to her as she was to him? If not, then what were they doing here, extending a date that could’ve comfortably ended an hour before? He’d not physically touched her the entire night, yet she felt that some part of him was embracing her in a very gentle and solicitous way.
He smiled. “Any travel plans?”
She told him about a planned trip to the beach with a friend from college, north later in the summer to relatives and an annual reunion.
He nodded and sipped his drink. He loved to hear her voice, its simple candor.
“And you?” she asked.
The future, so important and uncertain earlier in the day, had been forgotten. He forced himself to think about it. “I’m here, I guess. For the long haul.”
She wondered what he meant by that answer but wouldn’t pry. She nodded knowingly without knowing.
He looked at her open face backed by their reflection in the window backed by the flickering lights of the town and the cars passing on the road far below.
When he dropped her off at her apartment he got out and held the truck door she’d already opened and walked with her the short distance to her entry and shook her hand lightly and said “Good night” then left.


Chapter 6

He called her early the following week and invited her to dinner at his house on Thursday. She showed up in an outfit—a white-print halter-dress that showed far more skin than it hid—that was as dazzling and daring as her previous attire had been safely neutral. Zach acknowledged her gesture with a broad grin as he met her on the deck and invited her into the new house. As he trailed her inside he wondered if they should skip his meal and indulge themselves on the offerings of her generously displayed and quite lovely skin. But he damped down that urge as foolhardy, mixed her a gin and tonic, and left her in the living room while he finished dinner preparations.
“How was your day?” he asked leaning past the end of the kitchen wall to glance into the greatroom.
“Fine, if you consider spending half your time standing at a copy machine and half bending over a filing cabinet ‘fine’.” She glanced around the room and up to the loft above. The house was an interesting mix of contemporary, with its openness and expanses of glass and angular lines, and traditional, with its natural wood and woodstove and tile hearth.
“I thought you were a receptionist—answering phones and greeting clients and making coffee.” He ducked back into the efficient kitchen but could still hear her through the open end.
She laughed at the last. “No coffee-making—we’re a liberated workplace! And I wouldn’t know how to make coffee strong as my boss likes it.”
“That’s Barton—if the spoon doesn’t stand up in the liquid he says its so weak it ‘needs a crutch to get out of the cup’.”
“Mr. Evans would probably love Barton.”
“I think they know each other, heard Barton mention his name before.”
“Figures,” she said. She marked the house as thoroughly masculine—not a frilly pillow or cutesy hanging anywhere in sight. The space seemed almost sterile, more like a gallery than a home.
“And answering phones and greeting clients?” He was quite enthralled by having a feminine voice in the house—first, and only, one since his ex-wife had helped him move in months before. He imagined her an angel, with the cutest lilting Southern accent.
Then that angel was suddenly standing at the opening from the greatroom. “That’s my main job,” she said smiling, her eyes glittering. “But today Judy—she’s our new paralegal—covered the desk so I could finish assembling the documents for a big case we have coming up.” She took a sip of her drink and looked around the small kitchen—more natural wood and clean lines and dark masculine colors.
He saw her looking around. “My humble abode,” he said. “I pretty much live in this room—the rest is for show!”
“And your writing?”
He laughed. “Guess I was trying to forget that part. My desk is in the loft, but I’ve not been using it much. Now that I’m working full-time for Leon and still have my part-time jobs, the writing has gotten lost in the shuffle.” He shrugged. “But I’m not missing it much. Seems like I did nothing but write the last five years or so. Maybe time for a little break.”
“So you do your creating in here.”
“Hadn’t thought of it that way—but yes, maybe. I enjoy cooking—nothing fancy but usually tasty.”
“So I’ve heard.”
“You have?”
“My mom was very impressed with the meal you made them.”
“Beef burgundy—one of my standards. That was back in the apartment. I’ll have to get them over here soon.”
“And something about a cheesecake that makes you think you’ve died and gone to Heaven?”
Zach laughed. “My mom’s recipe. You’ll get to try it—after dinner.”
She gave a fake pout. “Not before?”
He glanced up at her and thought for the second time that evening—the first being when she’d sauntered up in that dress—that he’d have to be very careful with this angel, both their hearts. “My mom’s cheesecake, my mom’s rules—no dessert before dinner!”
Isabelle teased him a little longer. “Your mom isn’t here.”
Zach normally hated being toyed with, but tonight and for the first time in this hermitage—Barton’s house, his borrowed cloister—he enjoyed the joust. He left the spoon in the pot of chili and reached behind him to the fridge and took out the cheesecake still in its spring-form pan. “I guess my mom wouldn’t object if you looked.” He held the pan toward her, the white sour cream topping smooth and fragrant.
“Looks yummy,” she purred. She darted her finger into the topping—of course she did, he wanted her to—and licked off the dollop. “Tastes yummy.”
He looked at the blemish in the cheesecake’s surface.
She looked at him contritely. “You think your mom will forgive me?”
“Probably not, but I won’t tell if you don’t.” He slid the cheesecake, indelibly marked, back into the refrigerator.
The main course—Fiery He-man Beef Chili over rice, cornbread, a tossed salad with Dijon vinaigrette—was appropriate to neither the season (late spring) nor the weather (hot and humid) nor the occasion (quiet dinner for two) nor the company. Zach—who’d been trained by Barton to think about such things, to match the menu to the guests and the season—would later wonder at the choice. He’d barely given it any thought. Maybe his unconscious was simply resisting where the world seemed to be pushing.
They ate at opposite ends of the small dining table (formerly Barton’s kitchen table) seated on unfinished ladder-back chairs with woven hemp seats he’d bought at a discount import store. Zach had covered the table with a taupe-colored tablecloth with matching napkins but left it otherwise unadorned—no flowers (not even a few daisies from the many visible along the edge of the field) or candles or sculpted centerpiece, nothing to block their glances across the five feet or so between them. Isabelle drank white wine and a glass of water which Zach soon had to refill. Zach drank beer from a can. Their conversation settled into the period default for people of their age and background—a mundane recounting of college exploits, hers centered around parties and rock concerts and sports, his around trips and plays and classes. Their divergent pasts mattered little at the moment. They were both now trying to enter the elusive realm of adulthood, were paused on the edge of that wilderness frontier and anxious to discover its treasures. That Isabelle saw herself directed toward marriage and family, Zach away from those same contingencies, was at no point alluded to, was in fact quite consciously avoided.
By the end of the meal—Isabelle ate a small portion of chili and two servings of salad, Zach only a little salad but two large servings of the chili accompanied by a second then third beer and frequent brow-wipings—they’d drifted quite far from the earlier charged ambiance. Despite her halter-dress advertising of female body parts, Isabelle felt like one of the boys welcomed into this masculine enclave; and she realized she was quite comfortable with the not so subtle shift. Frequent references to her parents had raised her caution level, and she’d caged her reckless allure. One of the boys was just fine for now.
Though he’d largely if unconsciously fostered the shift in mood, Zach was far from sure if he was happy about it. Truth be told, he was quite confused. It’d been many months since he’d been alone in private with a female other than his ex-wife, and years since he and Becca had forged their romance. His body desperately cried out for the ease Isabelle could offer. But his heart was less certain. And then there were all those eyes looking over his shoulder—Barton, Malcolm and Louise, Allison. He’d fled the judgmental stares of his family in Dover only to find new versions here in Shefford.
He delivered her generous slice of cheesecake and pottery mug of coffee—normal strength, with milk, no sugar—to where she sat prim and upright on the far end of the couch. He then got his own coffee and dessert and sat at the opposite end.
She ate the cheesecake in small lady-like bites. “It’s so good, Zach.”
“Even better than your sample?” He tilted his plate to reveal her finger’s scoop in the center of his slice.
She blushed. “Sorry. I can’t believe I did that.”
“Don’t be. It’s fun to break the rules now and again.” He wondered how the cheesecake would taste warmed by her skin.
“But it always leaves a mark.”
He glanced up at her, unsure how she meant the comment.
She was focused on eating the remaining cheesecake on the plate balanced on her dress-draped knees. “Dad said you have a garden.”
Zach nodded. “We do—Barton and I. It’s up there at the edge of the field.” He gestured out the window into the night. “You can see it from here in the daylight. Clyde fenced it off from the pasture last year.”
“Pasture?”
“Clyde Erwin, an old farmer lives through the woods, keeps a few beef cows on Barton’s land. Fences are all falling down and they’re always getting loose, but they’re docile and go back in easily enough. Makes me think I’m back on the farm in Connecticut.”
“You miss it?”
Oddly, Zach hadn’t asked himself that question for years. There’d been a time when that void, lack of home ground, had seemed the root of all his longings and troubles. “I don’t guess I do—not anymore.”
“Found its replacement.”
Zach smiled. “Complete with cows getting out through rusty fencing.”
“Need to thank that farmer through the woods.”
“I’ll do that, next time I call to tell him his cows are out.”
She smiled, genuinely glad for him that he’d found a home.
He nodded, grateful for her understanding and natural compassion.
She left a little while later—it was a weeknight, work tomorrow for them both—without him ever once touching any of that lovely skin, not even her hand in a parting handshake.
He barely rested all night. Not surprisingly his torment, waking and sleeping, was sexual in origin, and utterly unquenchable.


Chapter 7

“I don’t believe I’ve ever met the girl,” Barton said as he cut the fork-tender, cool-center filet at the same restaurant, same table where Zach had sat with the (briefly) teary-eyed Isabelle two weeks before.
“She’s met you.”
Barton paused with a morsel of beef impaled on his fork and stared at the wood-paneled wall behind Zach’s head, searching his memory for an image or words of Isabelle Donnelly. He gave up with a shrug and ate the cube of filet. “If I met her, I can’t remember the occasion. But I do recall frequent harangues from Louise about her wild behavior in high school, something about wanting to send her off to private school or an aunt and uncle out of state. And Julie Dunbar wouldn’t let her date her son, said she already had enough trouble with Brett without letting Isabelle Donnelly into his life.”
Zach laughed. “You seem to know a lot about someone you don’t recall meeting.”
“Faculty wives love to talk at cocktail parties.”
“Gossip.”
“Call it what you like. I dutifully listen then go home and thank God I never had children.”
“Barton, you didn’t have children because you didn’t get married. You didn’t get married because you like men.”
“The end blessing is the same, whatever the causes. I’m glad I didn’t have an Isabelle Donnelly to make my life a living Hell.”
“Don’t pull your punches. Tell me what you really think.”
Barton fixed him in a cold stare.
Zach endured that stare for just a second before focusing his attention on the food on his plate, which he’d not begun to eat. “Well, I don’t know if I’ll see her again anyway. It all feels kind of confused.”
“How so?”
“I don’t know. Being friends with her parents. And her interests are so different from mine.”
“Please don’t let my opinions sway you.”
Zach looked up and smiled. “Since when do I ever listen to you?”
That freed them to concentrate on their delicious meals in the old relaxed silence and trust, only briefly shaken when Connie stopped by their table to make sure their steaks were grilled to their liking and asked Zach about “that cute as a button blond girl you made cry.” Zach had blushed but managed to reply that she was fine last he checked. Connie had laughed and said, “Bring her back anytime. I keep a box of Kleenex in the desk.” Zach said he’d keep that in mind.
“So how’s Allison?” Barton asked awhile later as they sipped espresso after finishing off generous pieces of eye-poppingly tart key-lime pie.
“O.K., I guess. I haven’t seen her for weeks. She invited me to a concert by some singer she’s got a crush on. And wouldn’t you know it—my calendar had a sudden conflict.”
“Be patient with her, Zach.”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
“She’s finally growing up, and you’re as much a parent to her as a friend or ex-spouse. She has to push you away.”
“And I’m supposed to sit on my hands and wait?”
“Do what you have to do, but don’t punish her.”
“If there’s any punishing going on, it’s in the other direction.”
Barton sighed and nodded sagely then waved to their waitress for the check.


Chapter 8

What to fear? EVERYTHING!
Zach woke about an hour into his sleep, just past one. His first fear was of the noise that waked him. He strained to identify it, respond. But there was no noise in the house, just the normal silence of the rural woods, the resting house in early July stupor, not even the refrigerator in the kitchen purring or the air conditioner fan humming. Silence.
So then he strained to spot what it was that had made the noise—some person or animal lurking in the corners of the dim bedroom, behind the chair, in the closet with the bypass doors open a crack. Where was it? Where was he? Something had made the noise that had roused him so suddenly. It had to be nearby, frozen and waiting, poised to strike. Every gray line in the black room could be the silhouette or—well, anything, everything, all dangerous, all threatening, all waiting for him to doze off before attacking.
But nothing.
He held his breath, tried to pause his racing heart, would match their stealth with unmoving stillness of his own, catch them at their own game. And frozen like them, his nerve endings strained against the torpid air to tease out some vibration, some movement that might reveal what was lurking. He took a quick breath through his nostrils, hoped smell would give him a clue, hoped for any hint of what exactly it was that had waked him, what exactly awaited the lowering of his guard. Where was it? Where was it!


Chapter 9

Zach answered the phone.
“Did I offend you in some way?” Isabelle asked without saying hello.
“Not at all.”
“Then why haven’t you called for over two weeks?”
“Has it been that long?”
“Yes.”
“I don’t know.” He paused. “Had friends visiting from out of town; I was busy at work.”
“Decided you didn’t like me.”
“That’s not it at all, Isabelle.” Her voice over the phone, the forthright honesty and vulnerability of her words, the edge of desperation—he suddenly felt he liked her very much, in part because for once he was not at a disadvantage with a love interest.
“Because I thought we hit it off great.”
“We did.”
“I loved the dinner you cooked, your house.”
“The chili wasn’t too hot for you?”
“I thought maybe I’d failed your test.”
“I wouldn’t test you.”
“Not even a little bit?”
“Not with food.”
“With two weeks without a call?”
He laughed.
“Can I return the favor and make you dinner?” she asked.
“A test?”
“An invitation.”
“When?”
“This Saturday at seven?”
“That’d be nice.”
“See you then.”

She made him chicken in batter—skillet fried chicken pieces baked in a biscuit-like batter—served with a salad and honey on the side. For dessert she served Tweed Cake—three layers of rich yellow cake with bits of grated chocolate (the tweed) interspersed, topped with a rich vanilla frosting topped with a thick drizzled chocolate. Zach ate bounteous portions of all parts of the delicious homey fare.
She held up her right index finger to show him her bandaged knuckle. “I grated my finger along with the chocolate.”
He wasn’t sure if her sheepish grin was reflective of embarrassment or sacrifice. “So there’s a bit of you in the cake?”
“Gosh, I hope not.”
He grinned back.
Later they sat on the ratty couch—her roommate’s, with four years’ dorm wear—a good deal closer than when they’d sat on his couch. Once he touched her knee inside her jeans while making a point. Then she brushed his hand in a gesture meant to seem accidental. Then their lips were pressed together, their tongues in each other’s mouths, their hair all mussed up. Later, he went home, their clothes still all in place though somewhat more rumpled, had anyone been looking.


Chapter 10

The following Tuesday they met for dinner at a trendy vegetarian restaurant in town. She came there directly from work, attired in black slacks and a natural linen-blend pullover blouse with short sleeves and squared shoulders and neckline that showed enough but not too much of her fair skin. She looked a little tired as she walked across the street but perked up when she saw Zach waiting on the bench in the restaurant’s foyer. He’d had time to run home and shower and change (they’d not have welcomed him in this restaurant in his sweat-splotched carpenter’s attire) and was in khakis and a white shirt and pin-cord jacket.
He stood and took both her hands in his. “It’s great to see you.”
She smiled. “I’ve been counting down the minutes all day. I swear that clock stopped whenever I wasn’t looking.”
“Speaking of clocks, there’s a half-hour wait for a table. You want to check out the stores or wait in the bar?”
“Can we sit in the bar? I’m too tired to walk another step.”
“Need me to carry you?”
She laughed. “Save your strength in case you have to carry me out.”
“That kind of night?”
“I hope not.”
He laughed. “I’ll hope so.”
The bar also was full, at least the handful of tables tucked along the wall. But they did find two stools open at the bar itself, at the end where the waitresses came to get drinks for the diners and the bartender, a bearded Aussie named Nick with hawkish eyes but an engaging manner and laugh, rang up the tabs. Nick poured white wine for Isabelle and mixed a strong gin and tonic for Zach and stopped by whenever he had a free second to chat. Zach asked him about customer preference in hard liquors, the effect on the restaurant industry of liquor-by-the-drink (approved in Shefford only a few years before), and how he’d come to be pouring drinks in this North Carolina college town.
“A girl, mate,” Nick answered.
“Brought you here?”
“Of course. Don’t think I came here for the weather, do you?”
“There’s worse.”
“And better.”
“And the girl?”
“Klara with a ‘K’? She’s long gone, mate—got me here then decided she just had to marry her jolly old debutante escort: Randall Jackson Calhoun the twenty-first or some such nonsense. It’s an old story, don’t you know?”
“Left you high and dry.”
Nick shrugged. “Price of love.”
“But you’re still here.”
“Local girls, mate,” he said with a wink at Isabelle. “All of them finer than poor old Klara with a ‘K’ who, last I heard, was up to her neck in diapers!”
“Price of love,” Zach said.
“Don’t you doubt it,” Nick said as he headed off to refill some empty mugs at the far end of the bar.
Zach turned to Isabelle. “You have a fan.”
She smiled. “I have few rules, but one of them is ‘never date a bartender’.”
“I’m a bartender.”
“I mean full-time, come-home-at-four-in-the-morning-wanting-to-party bartenders.”
Zach laughed. “You cherish your sleep.”
“Most times.” She turned her stool to face him. Her knees lightly brushed against his.
He held the contact, breathed in her scent across the small gap between them.
Later over dinner—his black-bean burritos topped with thin sliced avocado and house-made salsa, hers pasta primavera topped with grilled jumbo shrimp (seafood being allowed in this vegetarian eatery)—she said out of the blue, “You seem to be holding back.”
“From you?”
“From life.”
“How so?”
“You have so much, but you’re using so little.”
He looked at her calmly. He thought he should feel offended. Instead, he felt deeply touched by her reckless honesty, and her intuition.
“I have only a fraction of your gifts,” she continued. “And I have to use them all just to keep up.”
“To what end?”
She shrugged. “The life that awaits.”
“And what if you don’t know what that is?”
“Who ever knows? But you don’t stop moving toward it.”
“Some people know.”
“They think they know.”
He nodded in slow agreement. They’d wandered far from where they’d started, or maybe not.

Outside under the sodden nightfall as they stood beside her car—his truck was parked on the street around the corner—without touching, he asked, “You want to stop by the house?”
She nodded in silence.
“You can follow me,” he said then walked off toward his truck.
She did follow, in her car—first to his truck then to his house.
Just inside the door, they embraced fully, mashing all parts of their separate bodies into one merged unit, clothes and all. That moment had been a long time in arriving—much longer, it seemed, than the month on the calendar.
The rest of the night’s moments passed in a flash. His hands slid under her blouse, hers beneath the shirt tail pulled out. He scooped her up, carried her to the bedroom where the blinds were drawn. She locked her arms around his neck, her lips onto his. He set her down beside the bed, pulled her blouse over her head, unclipped her bra. She pushed off his sportcoat, unbuttoned his shirt, unbuckled his belt. They were soon naked beneath the single sheet, rubbing their bodies gently back and forth against each other, side by side, then him on top, then her. Eventually they merged again into that single flesh they’d known at the door, this time with no clothes to block their union. Then they fell asleep, only to rouse again—once, twice, three times—in the night. They didn’t get much sleep, but they rested profoundly.
In the suspended mist before dawn they walked together to her car—she in his too big white terrycloth robe and barefoot, he in boxers and flip-flops—to get the change of clothes she’d put on the back seat the morning before. Then they took a shower together. Neither had ever felt more alive.


Chapter 11

Over the next ten days, they met four times. They wouldn’t remember anything about those meetings except the nights in his bed, and those joinings melding into a single marvelous dream-like bliss.
In the real world surrounding their dream, Zach was acutely aware—more so than ever before—of Barton’s close observation of his daily life. He’d never been completely comfortable with this intense watch, particularly because of the judgments, stated or implied or inferred, that followed; but he’d long ago accepted that watch as the price—indeed, the fullest expression—of Barton’s love and friendship. Now living under Barton’s omnipresent gaze (at least when he wasn’t out of town, which was rarely these days as he worked his way into a new novel), this close observation, and the associate burden, had grown exponentially. And it didn’t help that Barton had expressed his reservations about Isabelle. Zach had actually considered hiding Isabelle’s presence after that first night, bringing her in his truck under cover of dark and taking her home before dawn. But he rejected that option as childish and humiliating, and didn’t mention his concerns to Isabelle. Instead, at the end of their ten-day bliss, he invited Barton to dinner to meet Isabelle.
The meeting wasn’t a disaster from the start, only tense and awkward. It became a disaster—at least to Zach’s eyes—after about five minutes, and remained so for the balance of the two hours they spent together. Isabelle, nervous and wanting to impress her new love’s best friend who was also a famous writer, was uncharacteristically talkative, too much so, an ill-advised reaction aggravated as the night wore on by the several glasses of wine she consumed. Barton started out trying to be sociable, which in this case meant keeping the conversation safely neutral and mundane. He spoke of movies he’d seen, best-selling novels he’d read. Unfortunately, his tactic back-fired, seemed fated to do so. Isabelle, though she read voraciously, hadn’t read any of the novels he mentioned and wasn’t familiar with some of the authors, all leaders in American fiction; and she praised the movies he didn’t like, dismissed those he did like. Worst of all, she disparaged one male lead as being queer, another as being effeminate, showing her bias toward heterosexual virility and clearly ignorant of Barton’s sexual proclivity. Barton responded with a piercing stare and tightly pursed lips. After dinner, she snuggled up to Zach on the couch, instinctively desiring the reassurance his touch could give and assuming that Barton knew, and approved, of their blossoming physical relationship. Barton viewed the gesture as a near indecent flaunting of her stranglehold on the one part of Zach he couldn’t secure. He was livid, though he didn’t say anything, only glared at Zach sitting there with a sheepish grin, Isabelle glued to his side with her bare feet pulled up under her girlish butt barely covered by the dark sundress. Barton stood and left a few minutes later amid civilities only telling for their unsmiling terseness.
“That was nice,” Isabelle said as she dried the dishes Zach washed.
Zach nodded blankly.
Soon they were in bed with the lights out, each seeking a different consolation from the same merging. For just a few seconds in the midst of that sharing, Zach pictured what their blind-shaded window looked like viewed from the house down the hill. But the image quickly dissolved beneath the press of more urgent needs, the ease of release.


Chapter 12

“Zach, she’s an idiot.”
It was Zach’s turn to try out the silent, tight-lipped glare.
“O.K.,” Barton conceded, taking a slow deep breath while seated on the loveseat in his living room amidst all of his art and sculpture. “Maybe she isn’t an idiot. She has a college degree, though I wonder how. But she isn’t right for you.”
“You know that from one meeting?” Zach said in a muted voice from the chair across the room.
“I know she misses all the nuance of movies. She thinks John Travolta is queer.”
Zach scoffed. “Maybe he is.”
Barton ignored the comment. “She doesn’t read.”
“She reads far more than I do.”
“Not the right stuff.”
“Give me a reading list. I’ll pass it on to her.”
“She doesn’t even know the damn authors, Zach. She’s clueless.”
Zach shook his head but said nothing.
“Why do you need to take on these rehab cases?”
“Rehab cases?”
“Girls who are so young and don’t have any idea of who they are or what they want.”
“She has a job, an apartment, a life.”
“She’s just biding her time till she can sink her talons into a guy to carry her along.”
“Maybe I’m the rehab case, Barton. Maybe she’s the one taking a chance on me.”
“All the more reason for you to find a more equal match.”
“Perhaps we have more in common than you’re granting.”
“She gave me a conspicuous display of what you have in common.”
Zach took a deep breath. He’d known this was coming.
“She practically felt you up.”
“She leaned against me affectionately.”
“She practically took your dick out and sucked on it.”
Zach shook his head.
“Why didn’t you stop her, Zach?”
“I didn’t think she was doing anything wrong.”
“You were letting me know where I stood.”
“Not at all.”
“You were letting me know she has a vagina and I don’t”
“That’s ridiculous.”
“You’re being led around like a damn helpless bull with a ring in his nose.”
Zach knew about bulls with rings in their noses—inserting the ring was the most awful part, but yanking on it was pretty brutal as well. Barton had no idea what he was talking about, which made Zach feel all the sorrier for him, and all the more guilty for having put his friend and mentor in this humiliating situation. “What do you want me to do?”
“Find a new girlfriend.”
“There’s no woman I could date that would make you happy.”
“Now you’re being ridiculous.”
“You’re going to be jealous of anyone I get close to.”
“I’m long since over my crush on you, Zach. And while you may not believe it, I’ve learned to like the wives and girlfriends of many former loves.”
“None of them live next door. None of them live in this town.”
“I don’t see what that has to do with it.”
“Do you want me to move out?”
“You just moved in.”
“What do you want me to do?”
“Get a new girlfriend.”
“Whether Isabelle and I stay together will be decided by us, not you.”
“Thanks for being such a good friend,” Barton said, ending their conversation for the moment.


Chapter 13

Barton wasn’t the only elder objecting to Zach and Isabelle’s burgeoning romance. Throughout the summer, Zach continued to work every Saturday morning alongside Malcolm Donnelly in his yard or, on the rare rainy mornings, doing repairs in his basement or one of his outbuildings. For weeks following the first date, which Zach had mentioned to Malcolm and Louise the morning before it happened, Isabelle’s name never came up in any of their diverse conversations, a conspicuous omission that both men were acutely aware of and wondering how and when the silence would break. Early on Zach wanted to talk, in general terms anyway, about the public side of their relationship. He felt he owed that level of honesty to Malcolm, and in any case thought total silence was far more awkward and potentially dangerous. Yet he didn’t wish to force the issue and waited for an appropriate opportunity. But as the weeks of silence wore on, and Barton’s anger and objections mounted, Zach was less and less inclined to broach the topic, which had long since passed the point of casual exchange.
“Isabelle stopped by this week,” Malcolm said without looking up from weeding the daisies along the rock wall.
“Oh?”
“Yes. For a few minutes during her lunch break.”
Isabelle had told him of the meeting, said she was surprised to run into her father in the middle of the day and he’d acted “weird.” Zach had asked, “Weirder than normal?” And she’d replied, “Way weirder than normal.”
“So how was she?” Zach asked after carrying an armload of weeds and dead stalks to the canvas tarp.
“She seems happy.”
The comment caused an involuntary flush of joy. “That’s good.”
“Maybe.”
In the old days, Zach would’ve quickly leaped on this ambiguous comment for clarification. Malcolm was well known in the department for such vaguely censorious remarks and Zach was one of the few to call him on it, force his hand. But that was BI—Before Isabelle. He said nothing.
After a few minutes of silence, Malcolm continued, still directing his words at the daisies and the dirt. “I don’t think Isabelle knows what she wants. She used to say she wanted to marry a doctor. She dated one for a while.”
“A doctor?”
“A pre-med student.”
Zach laughed. “That’s hardly a doctor.”
“He’s in medical school now.”
“Good luck to him.”
“Maybe she doesn’t need a doctor, just somebody with money.”
“Because?”
“She likes nice things.”
“You can have nice things without marrying money.”
“It’d be nice if it were that simple.”
“It can be.”
Malcolm sighed before crawling along on his hands and knees to a new section of weeds. Zach followed, pulling the tarp with its modest pile of debris.
Near quitting time Malcolm said quietly, “I only want what is best for both of you” in a way that made it clear that Isabelle and Zach’s deepening love ran counter to that magnanimous desire.


Chapter 14

Through the first couple months and into the middle of the summer, Zach kept the details of this resistance from Isabelle—to protect her but also to protect the privacy of Barton and Malcolm, honor his promise of confidentiality despite the strain on those friendships, and finally to try to let his relationship with Isabelle unfold without the shaping of external forces. Those intentions, whether wise or fallacious, were all washed away in the overnight hours of a muggy July Friday.
The phone’s jangling roused Zach from a deep sleep. He eased his arm from under Isabelle and felt for the receiver in the dark. The luminous dialer cast a pale glow as he pulled the handset to his ear. “Hello?”
“Get out,” a strange voice growled.
“What?”
“Get out!” the voice said with slow insistence.
Zach somehow—perhaps by simple elimination, perhaps had seen it coming all along—recognized that growl as coming from Barton. He checked the clock. “It’s twelve thirty.”
“Get”—the voice paused—“Out!” The line went dead, a dial tone filling the silence after five seconds.
“What’s going on?” Isabelle asked, her voice garbled by sleep.
Zach took a second then said, “We have to leave.”
“When?”
“Now.”
“Why?”
“I’ll explain later.” He turned on the bedside lamp and stood. He looked down on Isabelle as he pulled on his underwear and jeans. Her eyes were confused and a little frightened. He wanted to reassure her but couldn’t touch her at that moment. “It’ll be alright,” he said and attempted a smile but failed. “Please get dressed.” He headed for the bathroom.
Outside in the dark in the gravel turn space he asked, “Can you drive?”
“Sure.”
They climbed into her Japanese import and quietly slid down the hill, past Barton’s house completely dark and ominous against the darker woods, the clouded sky.
Isabelle waited in the car as Zach checked them into a sleazy motel near the interstate. Zach had heard tell (from Barton) of an archaic state law forbidding use of a motel room by a heterosexual couple with a local address, so he wrote Mr. and Mrs. Zachary Sandstrom on the registration card and gave his childhood address from Dover, Connecticut and hoped they’d not ask to see his license. The greasy haired, tattooed desk clerk didn’t even look at the registration card but did point to a Payment in Advance after Midnight notice on the counter. Zach nodded and paid the $25 in cash.
The room was predictably dingy, but a quick check of the mattress indicated that the sheets were clean with no visible insects or vermin. Isabelle stood beside the bed, unsure what to do. They’d not brought anything but the clothes on their back and her small purse, so there was no readying for bed to be done. And there was this small matter of one or two or a hundred questions to be answered. She waited in watchful silence.
Zach completed his survey of the room and bath, locked and chained the door, then finally met her eyes. She really was quite lovely despite her disheveled hair and lack of make-up, maybe more lovely for those reasons, her frank vulnerability. He closed the two strides between them and kissed her forehead. “Maybe we should try checking in here under different circumstances,” he said and nuzzled her ear.
“I wouldn’t check in here under different circumstances,” she said firmly. “I’m wondering why we checked in here under these.”
Zach stepped back and nodded. “Can we get into bed first?” The room was surprisingly cold and he felt a sudden chill.
She nodded, sat on the bed and took off her sandals, then slid between the sheets with her jeans and pullover blouse still on. 
Zach went to the far side, stripped to his boxers, got into the bed, and reached back to turn off the lamp. He lay on his back not touching Isabelle and let his eyes adjust to the dim light pushing through the curtains from the parking lot. He stared at the gray textured ceiling that one second seemed oppressively close, the next inconceivably distant. “Barton doesn’t think we should be together,” he said to that ceiling.
“Why?”
Over the next hour or so, and with very few interruptions, Zach told her of his close and complex relationship with Barton, starting with his encounter with Barton’s fiction while adrift in Boston, his moving to Shefford and enrollment at Avery, his landing in the center of Barton’s emotional trauma following the break-in and shootout, and the deep bond that was forged that summer three years ago. He went on to reveal Barton’s homosexuality—a fact he’d never told anyone before—and explain that while they’d never been physical lovers, he and Barton were, or at least had been, in every other sense in love, a love that was in some ways made more intense and unpredictable for its chastity. He explained that while part of Barton’s fierce opposition to their relationship might be jealousy, there was also a great deal of parental and fraternal concern as well, and that Zach had agreed to, indeed invited, this high level of engagement in his personal life—at least up till now. He acknowledged her own unfortunate missteps the night of the dinner, but downplayed their significance.
“Why didn’t you tell me he was gay?” she asked. 
“I’ve never told anyone.”
“I would’ve been more careful. I feel terrible.”
Zach rolled to his side toward Isabelle. He could see the fair skin of her face—alabaster, porcelain—as clearly as if it had been in brilliant sunlight. He kissed the side of that face, her skin far warmer than the cool alabaster sheen suggested. “Isabelle, it’s not your fault. You stepped in the middle of something way beyond your control. Don’t blame yourself for one second—I’m certainly not.”
“You still love me?”
“Never stopped.”
“Why?”
“Why what?”
“Why do you love me if the man who means more to you than anything opposes it?”
Zach had never considered the question. “Love is not a choice.”
“Maybe it just became one.”


Chapter 15

Late the following afternoon, Zach took a deep breath and reached for the silent handset of the phone on the kitchen counter.
Isabelle had dropped him off in the thin dawn fog of what would gradually become a hot mid-summer day. He’d changed into his work clothes and headed off to his Saturday morning stint at Malcolm’s and the repair of a rotten piece of siding on the summer study and, later, his raking of the clippings as Malcolm mowed the lawn that had grown tall with the recent heat and rains. Their conversation during the siding repair had seemed especially strained—incomplete sentences (a rarity for these two English majors) confined to the weather and recent headlines—and Zach was grateful for the lawnmower’s drone that precluded any further stilted attempts at discussion. After Malcolm’s he’d showered and had lunch then run a few errands—grocery shopping, a trip to the post office for stamps. The shadow of Barton’s two words—in this instance words had substance, did block all light—extended silently over all these activities. And now it was time to confront that shadow.
Barton picked up after the first ring. “Hello.”
“It’s Zach.”
“Yes.”
“Do you want me to make arrangements to vacate the premises?”
“My request was for last night and your female companion.”
“It was a command.”
“You could’ve said no.”
“No, Barton, I couldn’t have; and you know that.”
“Where did you go?”
“What business is that of yours?”
“I was worried about you.”
“Maybe you should have thought of that before you kicked me out.”
“Her.”
“Us.”
“You were sticking the knife in. I couldn’t stand it.”
“We were in bed asleep.”
“I bet.”
“Do you want me to leave?”
“How would you do that?”
“It might take a week or two to find a new place. If you insist, I could get a room at the Goodrest in the meantime.”
“How could you do that?”
“I don’t want to. You’re the one that gave the order.”
“For last night.”
“What about today, tonight, tomorrow, next week?”
“I don’t want her there.”
“That’s not your choice.”
Barton sighed.
“Do you want me to leave?” 
“I realized something around dawn.”
“What?”
“It’s easier to find a friend than a good yardman.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“I don’t want you to leave. I hope you will stay.”
“With Isabelle Donnelly visiting as we see fit?”
“You can be cruel sometimes, Zach.”
“I just want to know the rules.”
“Isabelle Donnelly till death do us part, yes.”
“No late night phone calls?”
“I’ll unplug the phone. I’ll chew on a towel.”
Zach laughed. “A dishrag or a washcloth?”
“I reserve the right to raise the rent.”
“Why?”
“I rented the house to one person. Two people put more wear and tear on the facility.”
“If you say so.”
“I’m saying maybe.”
“Just give me notice.”
“I will.”
Zach suddenly had nothing more to say. There was a long pause.
“Zach, I’m sorry about last night.”
“Apology accepted.”
“And you?”
“What?”
“Are you sorry for putting me through this?”
Zach took a breath to protest but then paused. He finally said something that surprised him. “Yes, Barton. I’m sorry that my needs and choices are difficult for you to support or observe. I wish it weren’t so. I understand your concerns arise from the best intentions; and I’m grateful for your friendship and care, however painful it is at times.”
“For both of us.”
“Yes.”
“Help me.”
“What?”
“Learn to like Isabelle.”
Zach was filled with gratitude for the second chance. “We’ll do our best.” 
“We will.”


Chapter 16

Zach and Barton had no more blow-ups over Isabelle to match these early episodes. In fact they never again exchanged a heated word about Isabelle. She and Zach continued to see each other several times a week and spoke on the phone the days they didn’t get together. She spent one or two nights a week at Zach’s, usually on the weekends; and their sense of being watched in silent protest slowly faded and was gone by the fall.
After a month-long cooling off, and following the reluctant realization that Zach wasn’t going to abandon this ill-advised tryst anytime soon (he was the most pig-headedly loyal person—to his own understanding of moral obligations—Barton had ever known), Barton suggested the three meet at Tony’s one night for pizza. After an initial awkwardness—Barton actually shook Isabelle’s hand in the restaurant’s foyer as if meeting her for the first time—that encounter went smoothly enough. Isabelle was mainly silent but not sullen, sat upright and attentive in the booth beside Zach, laughed politely at the jokes and funny anecdotes, and watched carefully for the first time the nuanced interaction between the two men, saw now (with the help of Zach’s earlier explanation) their deep bond. This became the model for her behavior while in the presence of these two—alert watchfulness and quiet participation. This was not a difficult evolution for Isabelle; it was in fact a quite natural one. When Barton rose to get another slice of pizza from the buffet, Zach looked at Isabelle and mouthed “Thank you.” She smiled back and shrugged as if to say, “No problem at all.” He discreetly squeezed her thigh under the table, their only physical contact throughout the evening till they were in his bed and the dam of stored desire and relief was breached.
Zach waited a couple weeks then reciprocated to Barton’s gesture by inviting him again to dinner at the house with Isabelle. This time rather than sitting on the couch and engaging Barton head on, Isabelle spent most of the evening playing the role of gracious co-host—delivering Barton’s drink, frequently passing the hummus and chips, fussing over the table’s centerpiece and candles, filling the glasses with ice water while Zach put out the cold chicken and pasta salad, clearing the plates after the meal, serving the trifle she’d made for dessert, delivering the espresso roast coffee she’d let Zach brew. None of these actions were lost on Barton. While he was slightly miffed at her bold presumption of place, he couldn’t help but acknowledge her vigorous attempt to define a workable truce. And he saw, despite his ongoing reservations, a glimmer of hope in her methods. He also saw clearly how natural and well-established her home-making skills were, and knew this didn’t bode well for an imminent dismantling of their relationship. Somewhere in the course of that evening, with his two hosts busily laying out their modest feast in his honor, Barton quietly sighed and accepted the inevitability of a long-term involvement between Zach and Isabelle, and mourned the change it augured for the rich friendship he’d forged with this former student.
Throughout this period Zach and Barton continued to spend time together—watching movies on Barton’s new VCR or in the theater, attending readings or concerts at Avery, going to dinner—but with steadily decreasing frequency, a development due in part to Isabelle’s monopolizing of Zach’s schedule but also a clear manifestation of their diminished dependence on each other. Sometimes Zach saw this as fate, sometimes as punishment (but by whom? God? Barton? was there a difference?) but always with a sense of sadness and loss, a tone they generally managed to keep out of their interactions while also avoiding the topics of Isabelle and the long-term future. In some ways, they were going back to the beginning, remaking their friendship along new lines.
And Zach wasn’t the only one with a full schedule. Barton renewed contact with an old flame and, after classes started in the fall, began spending much time with a student from one of his classes. As an unspoken agreement kept Barton from commenting on Isabelle, so too Zach remained silent about Barton’s flourishing relationships. This prohibition suited Zach just fine. He had no idea what he’d say anyway and was relieved to be excluded from that responsibility.
In the fall, Barton gave Zach an inscribed copy of his latest publication, a book of poems; and Zach responded with the same warm thanks he’d given for earlier such gifts. Later that week at a cocktail party, the English Department secretary, a lean redoubtable soul named Janet, came up to Zach and congratulated him. “For what?” “For having Barton’s book dedicated to you.” Zach raced home and confirmed her statement—above the handwritten inscription was his name in typeset print, a fact he’d missed in the first viewing. He called Barton and explained the oversight and thanked him gushingly. Barton laughed and said, “I thought it a rather tepid response, but then you are the stoic Swede.” Zach said, “Not that stoic,” while staring down at the dedication and inscription:

To
Zachary Sandstrom
for one who provided immeasurable care and support 
through highs and lows,
in hopes of calm and peaceful days to come,
love and thanks,
Barton Cosgrove


Chapter 17

Early in the semester, in an unprecedented and thoroughly unexpected act, Malcolm called Zach and invited him to lunch on campus. Zach was in a lull between carpentry jobs, and he was suddenly curious to hear what Malcolm wanted to talk about outside their Saturday morning work sessions. He assumed it had to do with Isabelle and probably included objection to their relationship, but he’d endured the worst Barton could throw at him in that regard and approached the lunch with anticipation bordering on glee.
Nattily attired in his tweed jacket and wool tie with its embroidered Donnelly crest, Malcolm met him on the Main Quad with a stiff handshake and slight bow. They walked in silence through the cathedral ceilinged Inn, haunt of many of Zach’s most passionate nocturnal escapades during his student days looking considerably more tame in the bright September sunlight streaming through the clerestory windows, past a smattering of T-shirted students eating at long wooden tables and through the heavy oak doors to the Faculty Dining Room. They were greeted by a woman in a dark wool suit and white blouse who called Malcolm “Professor Donnelly” and led them to their reserved table along a wall of dark and ornately carved wood paneling. Zach suddenly wondered about his lack of coat and tie. He was rarely underdressed and hadn’t known there was a place on campus where his dress shirt and khakis would be inadequate for lunch. But they hadn’t turned him away at the door or offered him a public jacket (which would’ve surely been too short). And Malcolm hadn’t protested or warned him, though he did indulge in a condescending stare as he waited for Zach to sit at the elegant table with its crystal and china and white linen cloth and napkins.
Their waiter, an elderly gentleman in a black jacket with tails and wearing white gloves, appeared promptly and took their orders—beef pot pie and salad for Malcolm, a steak sandwich with hand-cut fries for Zach. The waiter nodded and bowed and disappeared into the kitchen at the far end of the room. There were only a handful of other tables occupied, with no one Zach recognized. He looked at Malcolm. “I’d long heard of the Faculty Dining Room but had no idea it looked like this.”
Malcolm fixed him in a steady stare. “There may be much you don’t know.”
Zach returned the stare best he could. “Of that I’m sure.”
The tone lightened some as they exchanged updates on their occupations, with Malcolm summarizing his one graduate and two undergraduate classes and Zach explaining how they'd finished Leon’s house and were waiting on the foundation for their next custom home. Zach wondered aloud what it would be like to teach for a living. Malcolm freely granted that he could not imagine working on a carpentry crew day after day. Their waiter returned with their food and iced tea. The food was perfectly prepared in an English club manner, which is to say robust but rather bland. Zach dove in anyway—a steak sandwich was, after all, still a steak sandwich.
“May I ask what your intentions are regarding Isabelle?”
Zach grinned at the formal phrasing. A few lewd responses crossed his mind, but he said, “I have no ‘intentions’ regarding Isabelle.”
“She’s spending nights in your bed.”
Zach’s eyes narrowed. He felt like slamming the door on this conversation, this man, this stuffy dining room. Then he remembered his curiosity. He really did want to hear what Malcolm had to say. “And that produces ‘intentions’?”
“It should, if a fellow is decent.”
He was right of course, and had struck to the heart of Zach’s sexual morality, a morality that placed him at odds with his promiscuous generation, even somewhat at odds with Isabelle. Sexual congress should, indeed must, be accompanied by ‘intentions’. “I wish to make her happy,” Zach said weakly, scurrying to find a true response to a question he’d not, in all the tussles and side conflicts with Barton, directly addressed. This negligence, now unveiled, suddenly struck him as culpably irresponsible. What was he doing so cavalierly placing Isabelle at the center of his titanic struggle, not only with Barton but in search of his future, his purpose? If he wasn’t committed to placing her at the center of that future and purpose, what right did he have to her affection, let alone the profound consolations of her body?
Malcolm gazed at him calmly but resolutely. “And how do you propose to do that?”
Zach had no answer, so he said, “You yourself said she seemed happy.”
Malcolm grinned. “Hormones are funny things—they can make you feel like you’re on top of the world just before you fall off the edge. Isabelle is particularly vulnerable to that deception.”
Zach was trapped. Everything Malcolm had said, and all its far-reaching implications, were absolutely true. What’s more, he wouldn’t hide now behind righteous indignation—he couldn’t say exactly why. Perhaps it was out of respect for a father’s protectiveness of his daughter; perhaps it was out of genuine affection for Malcolm and their unlikely friendship; perhaps it was his inability to be disingenuous. Whatever the reasons, he was totally disarmed and flustered by Malcolm’s simple question—what were his intentions regarding Isabelle? Part of him was furious. Part of him was grateful. Most of him was deeply shamed. “I have been as honest with your daughter as I can be. That honesty has included letting her know that I don’t know my future, let alone how she might fit into it, or if she’ll want to. I will let her know as soon as I know.”
“Sooner would be better than later.”
Zach nodded. “For us both.”
Malcolm could smile finally, generously letting the blurred antecedent of Zach’s pronoun remain blurred.


Chapter 18

Barton grudgingly acknowledged—at first only to himself, months later to Zach, years later to the subject of consideration—a sizable personal benefit from Isabelle Donnelly’s invasion of his life and hillside: he was now excused from direct responsibility and front-line concern over Zach’s mood swings and nocturnal disquiet. Of course Zach slept soundly (or did whatever else they did—Barton strived to corral his imagination on this subject) when Isabelle spent her nights (and left Zach blissfully spent—O.K., he was unable to control totally his imagination or his literary habit). But he also couldn’t help but note, with a touch of chagrin, that even on the nights when her small silver car wasn’t conspicuously parked in the drive, Zach’s lights no longer blazed in the middle of the night in their sure sign of his sleep-walking or insomnia or worse.
Barton had worried many nights and more than a few days that one morning he’d wake to find Zach dead of an accident or intention, and maybe his charming little rental house burned to the ground. He trusted the waking Zach as much as anybody in his life except his parents, but he feared Zach’s nocturnal demons in proportion to his absolute daytime trust. He feared them because they were so far removed from the Zach he knew and so ill-understood and thus unmanageable. He and Zach had found ways to talk through all manner of challenges and impasses, but they couldn’t circumscribe these ghosts because they didn’t know what they were dealing with. Zach would blithely shrug off the episodes, claiming he was strong enough to figure them out and defuse them. But Barton knew better—he could see the glint of fear behind his friend’s eyes, and his imagination filled in all the terrifying details Zach so carefully avoided sharing.
Now he relinquished the bulk of that worry, and all the direct intervention, to Isabelle. He smiled to think that he had an unwitting ally on the ground in this battle, at the very heart of the struggle. A small part of him still regretted that he couldn’t be that core reprieve to Zach’s longings and turmoil; but most of him well knew that he could never have filled that role for Zach, and for reasons far beyond their divergent sexual leaning. In these secret meditations, he almost came to worrying more about Isabelle than Zach. He was sure she had no clue what she was getting into, and he only hoped that their bald passion—what else did they have at this point?—carried them safely to the other side of this long and perilous journey, if they lasted. And, gradually, Barton came to fear the break-up he’d once hoped for more than their continuing relationship. 

Following a cordial if, to Zach’s estimation, somewhat stiff discussion of fall travel plans over cocktails in Barton’s living room (they rarely met at the rental house anymore) on a bright evening in early September, Barton returned from depositing their empty glasses in the kitchen with a small envelope in his hand.
“This came in yesterday’s mail,” he said.
Zach took the envelope. It was addressed to him care of Barton’s campus mailbox. The return address in a familiar if forgotten script read B. Coles, Ayers Ave., Shefford. His mind went completely blank for several long seconds before he realized the letter was from Becca.
Barton said, “A blast from the past.”
Zach glanced up, his face suddenly pale, still unable to speak.
Barton chuckled. “She still has a hold on you.”
“I wonder why she sent it to you?” Zach finally managed.
Barton shrugged. “You’ve moved since she last saw you.”
“And figures you’re the surest way to reach me.”
“It worked,” Barton said.
“Always, I hope.”
Barton stared at him for a pregnant two beats of the heart then said, “I’ll hope so too.”
Back at his house Zach slit open the rag-linen envelope using his pocket knife, laying the envelope on the kitchen counter to keep from cutting his trembling fingers. He slid out the matching pale-blue card with a cluster of flowers in relief on its face. Inside the card, in that same child’s script, the note read:

Dear Zach,
Would you please honor us with your presence at dinner next Tuesday? The wedded couple, Cindy and Marvin, and I are currently living in a decrepit cabin (though safely shored up, I promise!) on the outskirts of town. We’d love to share a humble meal with you in our humble abode.
Please respond by mail, as we have no phone.
I hope your writing and your life are going well.
Look forward to seeing you.
Love,
Becca

Zach left the card and the envelope on the kitchen counter and stumbled out into the great room. He slumped into the nearest seat, his upholstered armchair from the apartment, and took a few deep breaths to calm his racing heart. The late summer sun slanted big and orange beneath the lofty pines and oaks and hickories and through the tall panels of glass on the western wall. The golden light pooled at his feet on the hardwood floor. He stared at that light till the sun fell below the trees on the far side of the field and the floor turned rust colored then pearl gray then ash.
He stood in the twilight, climbed the stairs to the loft, claimed a piece of stationary from his writing supplies on the open shelves, then sat at his desk to craft his acceptance.

Even in the shadows of early dark, Zach could see that the house was indeed decrepit. Armed with nearly a year’s construction experience and the ongoing close watch over every detail in his new home, the flaws of their rented cabin fairly screamed out to him—no support under the two steps onto the shaky entry porch, termite damage to that porch’s posts, the front door sagging and binding at the top of the side jamb, the lock strike not aligning, light seeping out at the threshold and the head jamb. The place was a dump. He half-wondered if it would fall down when he rapped lightly on the door.
Then the knob rattled and the hinges creaked and suddenly Becca stood smiling at him from a step above, her face almost even with his and beautiful as ever despite being cast in shadow by the lights behind. And he stopped worrying about the ramshackle structure and if it might fall down. Perhaps some part of him actually hoped it would—this second wouldn’t be too soon.
“Hi, Zach. Thanks so much for coming.” She leaned forward at the threshold and put one arm over his shoulder and pulled his cheek lightly against hers. “It’s so good to see you,” she whispered into his ear before standing upright again.
He regained his balance and said, “Thanks for inviting me.”
She stepped aside and welcomed him into the one-story structure.
The inside was rustic but considerably more charming than the outside. It consisted of a single large room with the kitchen and dining areas along the length of the wall to the right and a living room opposite with a couch and a couple of chairs and a woodstove on the back wall. To the left a wall marked by three doors ran the width of the room. The doors on either end were closed but the middle door was partway open onto what appeared to be a bathroom. Marvin was seated at a simple square dining table and Cindy was putting pasta into a pot of boiling water on the stove.
Marvin marked his place in the book he was reading and stood to shake Zach’s hand. “Howdy, stranger,” he said. “Long time no see.”
“Since the wedding, right?” Zach said.
“The big day,” Marvin said as he sat down again. “Seems a long, long time ago.” He opened his fat book, titled North Carolina Building Code.
“You going to become an inspector?” Zach asked. Several local counties, including Shefford’s, were establishing building inspections departments.
Marvin laughed. “The other side—a contractor.”
“I’m working as a carpenter!”
“So I’d heard—glad we’re both putting our high-dollar college degrees to such good use.”
“I don’t tell any subs I went to Avery. Did it once and the guy looked funny and avoided me the rest of the day.”
“Don’t want to arouse the prejudices of them good old boys,” Marvin agreed.
“They got enough of those already.”
“And how.”
Zach, suddenly calmer, walked the few strides to the kitchen and gave Cindy a light hug. “And how’s the beautiful bride?”
She laughed and stepped back with her arms at her sides to show him her simple cotton dress covered by a slightly soiled beige apron. “This beautiful bride is looking a little worse for wear. But thanks for remembering.”
Zach nodded. “Still beautiful, if just a bit more homey.”
“As long as it’s not homely.”
Zach blushed at his near mistake. “Never.”
“What about me?” Becca said from behind.
Zach turned. He saw now she was in jeans and a navy sweatshirt over a pale yellow cotton shirt. To him she looked gorgeous despite, or perhaps because of, her modest attire. “Oh, homely as ever.”
“Good!” she said decisively as she slid past to help Cindy, brushing his hand lightly on the way.
The meal was vegetarian, in recognition of Cindy and Marvin’s habit dating back to their college days, but also tasty and filling—fresh red-pepper pesto on whole wheat fettuccine, a tossed salad of spinach, kale, and escarole with marinated artichoke hearts, and crusty sourdough bread made by Becca that morning. Even the butter was hand-churned by Cindy as she was working her way through some of the Foxfire subsistence manuals in anticipation of homesteading or mission work, or homesteading while mission working.
“Butter churning is in the original Foxfire,” Zach said after they’d held hands around the table and blessed the food and given thanks for friends and loved ones.
“You know the series?” Cindy asked.
“I did, almost by heart; forgotten most of it.”
“But not butter churning,” Becca said.
Zach smiled. “Once upon a time, I thought I wanted to be a homesteader. Actually drove to the Rocky Mountains in hopes of staking a claim.”
“What happened?”
Zach’s mind rushed back over the last five years—such a tangled blur of shattered dreams replaced by new hopes replaced by new disillusions and doubts. What had happened? “Life,” he said finally.
Cindy nodded. “Never know where it will lead.”
“That’s why I’m getting my contractor’s license,” Marvin said. “Need to cover all the bases.”
Zach had been a much more auspicious student than Marvin, and had the awards to show for it. But at the moment he wished he had just a thimble full of his clear vision and practicality. “So you can build houses here or in Africa.”
Marvin nodded. “Or repair this one in exchange for rent.”
“Before it falls down on us, please,” Becca said.
All four looked about the crumbling cabin in mock concern then laughed those fears away, sure that falling walls would be no match for the strength of their youthful enthusiasm and plans.
Later, after they’d eaten a delicious dessert of Huguenot torte (also made by Becca, her restaurant experience and skill on grand display) and hand-washed and dried the dishes and Cindy and Marvin had retired to their room, Becca and Zach sat on splintery Adirondack chairs on a narrow deck looking out on a weedy backyard thinly visible in the glow of the cabin’s lights. Zach updated her on the highlights of his life since their last encounter—a summer of writing on grant money, the brief stint at Archives, then working for Leon and moving into the rental house. He didn’t mention his failed reconciliation with Allison or his recent attachment to Isabelle. Becca told him of leaving La Maison to serve as assistant chef at Bistro, a new restaurant Zach had heard of but not tried, and her moving in with “the newlyweds” to save money and secure reliable companionship. She laughed at the improbability of her ending up in such humble living quarters after her comfortable upbringing, an incongruity attested to by her BMW parked in the dirt drive; and said her father refused to visit her here, which was no big deal since she regularly saw him in Greensboro.
“And your writing’s going well?” she asked as she gazed out at the summer’s last few fireflies.
“Well enough,” he said staring at her shadowed profile that was—still, after all this time and in this unlikely setting—a call to his truest home. “I’m over two hundred pages into a new novel.”
“That’s great.”
“I guess. It seems less and less my life.”
“What is it then?”
“I don’t know. My hobby? My escape? I don’t think I’ve ever understood what my writing was to me. Just something I had to get out. It’s still that.”
“You’re lucky.”
“Or cursed.”
“Lucky,” she said confidently.
She never said why she’d invited him to dinner, and he didn’t ask; so he never knew the reason behind this last time he ever spoke with her.


Chapter 19

Isabelle shuffled down the dark hall and into the greatroom. It took a minute for her sleep-clouded eyes to discern Zach’s figure seated in the chair in the far corner. She edged forward in her flannel nightgown, her right leg bumping into the black woodstove in the black night. She slid past that obstacle and found her way to the couch and sat down. By now her eyes had adjusted enough to the room’s darkness to see that Zach was naked except for his boxer shorts, and he had a shotgun laid across his knees. His eyes stared silently at her out of the void.
“Zach, what’s the matter?” she whispered.
He didn’t answer.
“Are you O.K.?”
No response.
“What’s wrong?”
No words. No movement. No sound. No light.
Isabelle eased back into the corner of the couch, pulled her legs up under her. She stared at Zach across the room, through the grainy air. If he wasn’t going to speak, she didn’t have any more to say. But she’d not leave him. She waited in silence, staring at the statue across the room that was, at other times and in the light, most of her life.
Her eyes grew heavy. She shivered in the chill. She reached behind her and pulled the crocheted afghan off the back of the couch and draped it over her shoulders and tucked it under her bare feet. She watched the unmoving Zach till her eyelids fell shut and her head nodded forward against the afghan over her shoulder.

Zach couldn’t remember what made him get the gun out of the closet that first time. He’d waked suddenly but knew enough not to turn on the lights and disturb Isabelle. But as he’d moved barefoot down the dark hallway, he stopped at the coat closet and opened its door and took out his 12-gauge double-barrel shotgun. It felt good to have something in his hands. Even in the dark the checkered hand grip of the stock felt familiar to his fingers, the barrels cool and smooth. He knew the gun wasn’t loaded—he’d never have a loaded gun in the house—and thus wasn’t dangerous, at least as anything more than a club (and he’d never, ever use that beautiful work of art as a club—would bash his arm or leg or skull before risking that gun). He knew the ammunition was buried in the attic, an intentional chore and inconvenience to retrieve. If he ever had the ammunition together with the gun in the middle of the night, then they (him and the gun) would be in trouble.
But unloaded, the gun was harmless. Still, it had a kind of power over him. At first that power was defensive. If there really were intruders in the house or outside, they’d see his weapon and flee. That confidence, anchored in the gun, eased him away from the anxiety that had waked him.
But once he’d sat in the chair and his racing heart slowly calmed, the gun’s power took on the form of nostalgic recollection. He’d bought it when he was twelve with money saved up from a paper route and other odd jobs. It was a beautiful piece of craftsmanship, painstakingly chosen from hundreds of models and styles—Ithaca SKB 12-gauge double-barrel side-by-side selective single-trigger with 26-inch barrels choked open left, modified right. Holding it in the dark recalled for him all its history, and all its history was good—days on the side hill skeet shooting, dawns in the swamp duck hunting, afternoons in the fields behind Gina his Britany spaniel while pheasant or grouse hunting, nights carefully wiping down the entire gun and oiling its metal parts. If there was one object in the world that represented the best of his formative adolescence, it was this gun lying across his bare knees.
But that sentimental recall produced a gut-wrenching reminder of how far he was from those days of security and peace and purpose. The farm and his family were effectively gone, of no use to him in his new life. Those swamps and fields and even Gina, while still in existence somewhere—tauntingly so—might as well have been on the far side of the moon for all the good they did him. He’d broken with that past and not yet found a substitute future. And with Allison gone and Barton withdrawing and Becca—most heart-rending of all this night, Becca—there but not, his future plans, once so promising, were in shambles. What had become of all those opportunities? What remained?
When Isabelle walked into the room, he knew he should have felt hope. He’d chosen her that first date, or his heart had, as the one to accompany him into that future, to safeguard him along the way. But her sudden appearance in the midst of this night terror filled him not with hope but with despair. Her presence, and her hold on his heart, seemed at that moment more trap than freedom. Hadn’t their relationship driven a wedge between him and Barton? And what about Malcolm’s objections? And even if they could somehow placate that resistance, what did their future hold? Isabelle was pointed toward marriage (though she’d carefully avoided mentioning that goal directly) while he was adamantly turned in the opposite direction. Isabelle, as Malcolm had reminded him, needed a wealthy husband to fund her hobbies and spending. Zach had no idea what he wanted to do, but was sure it wouldn’t include high income. He’d always been suspicious of money and the hidden contingencies it placed on one’s soul. So what was he to do? Like someone lost at sea and clinging to the only raft available—and a welcomed lifesaver at that, the most precious gift in the world—he couldn’t let her go; but in clinging to her he had no idea where the currents would carry them, or if he’d survive.
He couldn’t tell her any of this, not now in the dark and even less so in the light. So he kept silent to her simple questions with their far from simple answers. After a time he heard her breathing drift off into rhythms of sleep. But he stayed awake, gently cradling the gun, which slowly came to have a new and frightening power over him—the promise of escape if ever this pain became too great to endure. 


Chapter 20

The fall and winter settled into a routine that lacked the fireworks and emotional tug of war that had characterized the spring and summer. Zach finally began to feel at home in this new house, though he never forgot that it belonged to Barton and never escaped the sense, rightly or wrongly, he would be held accountable for every nick or scratch. Isabelle began to believe that Zach really liked her, that she was something more to him than an idle amusement and a warm body to rub his parts against or sidle alongside in the night. That it took her so long to accept this commitment that had been present from the start indicated both her insecurity and her initial misunderstanding of Zach. That quiet fall and winter gave her a chance to sort through these realities as she spent perhaps a third of her nights at his house and spoke with him every day. She often sent him love notes and cards, and he would send her flowers and buy her surprise gifts. In many ways this was the romance she’d long dreamed of.
Barton travelled a lot that fall, some for pleasure to visit friends in New York and on the west coast, more often to give readings and teach short seminars in an attempt to replenish his savings depleted by building the house and also, truth be told, to remind himself of the world and all the attractive people beyond his hilltop with its new resident(s). Barton’s frequent absence was also good for Zach and Isabelle as they could spend time together in the house without feeling guilty or always looking over their shoulders at the house down the hill.
The holidays came and went with a minimum of fanfare and hoopla. For Thanksgiving Isabelle rode with her parents to spend the weekend with relatives in Maryland in a long-standing family tradition, Barton was with friends in San Francisco, and Zach had a quiet meal with a classmate from school. For Christmas Zach resisted the numerous pleas from his mother to come to Connecticut and stayed in North Carolina. He politely declined an invitation to the Donnelleys and went with Barton to Raleigh for Christmas dinner with his brother’s family.
On the way back to Shefford from that dinner, with Barton driving through brittle cold on the dark and utterly deserted interstate, he looked at Zach in the glow of the dash lights and said, “Did you ever think we’d make it?”
Zach chuckled. “Never doubted it.”
“Really?”
“Yes. But I’m the eternal optimist—some might say culpably naïve.”
“I sure had my doubts.”
They let those statements settle in alongside the pork roast and stuffing and mashed potatoes for several miles of highway purr. Zach’s eyes grew heavy.
“We’ve still got a ways to go,” Barton said quietly.
“Sure—assuming we don’t die tonight.”
Barton ignored the diversion. “Let’s try to avoid testing each other’s limits.”
“I will.”
“Promise?”
“Yes,” Zach said, no hint of irony in his voice.
“Me too,” Barton said as he exited the interstate and turned his attention to the darker and narrower side roads.
What they both silently acknowledged in the quiet that ensued, in the fortuitous hope of the day and their well-meant vows, was that sometimes the world mixed with their disparate needs and passions and fears got in the way of their intentions, pushed them and their loved ones to their limits regardless of their best intentions.


Chapter 21

“So what do you suggest I do?” Isabelle asked.
Zach never liked it when formality crept into her speech. It was completely unnatural—despite, or perhaps because of, her two English professor parents—and was a sure sign she was angry or impatient or both. “I suggest you do whatever is best for you,” he replied with calculated neutrality.
Isabelle’s face across the restaurant’s elegant table setting hardened into a stern stare that was even more unnatural than formal speech, caused her fine and delicate features to become lifeless and gray. She let this look register her disapproval before returning her attention to her salmon encroute without a further word.
They were back at the trendy contemporary “vegetarian” restaurant that had feasted them the evening before the night they had first feasted on each other’s bodies, the night that had bonded them tight and set them on this journey of nine months and counting of intimacy and near daily contact, a journey that showed no signs of ending despite frequent tests and challenges, at first from without, now more often from within. Such an internal challenge, brought on by an external deadline, was now unfolding as Isabelle’s lease on her apartment needed to be renewed by this week or would expire at the end of next month.
Isabelle wanted to move in with Zach. She spent almost half her nights there already. She was tired of the party habits and slovenliness of her roommate and wanted out of their low budget, rough-edged complex. And he wanted her to move in, craved regular company and the routine it would impose, in part because he hoped such reliable companionship would repel the nocturnal demons that of late had grown more frequent and increasingly dark and frightening. He would bravely (with only a hint of trepidation) negotiate the change with Barton, who was recently becalmed as his infatuation with a new love bled off much if not all of his former jealousy and resentment of Isabelle.
The hitch was, Isabelle wanted a marriage proposal prior to moving in, or at least a verbal promise to consider such an eventuality. She had no moral compunctions about living with someone out of wedlock, but was old-fashioned in her sense that resistance to such an arrangement was a bargaining chip—perhaps the ultimate and final one—in securing a promise of marriage. As her mother so often reminded her, even before Zach and now almost weekly, no one will want to pay for free milk from a cow. While she dismissed virtually everything her mother said as misguided if not categorically wrong, on this particular subject she grudgingly agreed. She could spend every night there but would not make it her residence until she had an understanding at least, if not a proposal.
Trouble was, Zach was as opposed to marriage as Isabelle was pointed toward it. He’d endured one marriage, and it was the stage on which the most painful events of his life had played out. He well knew that the trials of young adulthood and leaving his childhood home were the core causes of those struggles, not the marriage or his relationship with Allison. But recently he’d begun telling himself, and implying to Isabelle, that the marriage itself—society’s official acknowledgment and blessing of their union—was part of, maybe most of, the cause of that confusion. If they’d been free to explore their relationship, grow and change and evolve, without the constraints of official matrimony, perhaps they’d have weathered those storms with less hurt and regret. Deep inside, Zach knew this was a lie, but one he was happy to use in defense of his adamant refusal to consider, even in qualified terms, marriage—to Isabelle or anyone else. He wanted them to explore a different sort of living arrangement, try to be groundbreakers in a new and better kind of intentional commitment. But Isabelle was generally old-fashioned in her social conventions, and on this highly important point, resolutely so.
Zach decided to bring the issue a little more out in the open. “If you moved out, where would you go?” he asked before turning his attention to his rare-cooked grilled tuna.
Her initial response was a glare that he felt more than saw. But by the time he looked up, her eyes had lost their gleaming razor’s edge, an edge that had softened a notch into the glint of playfulness—or was it a challenge to combat? “Where would you suggest?”
He smiled. “I’ve got room at my place.”
“A room?”
He laughed. “Only one bedroom there.”
“So where would I sleep?”
“In the one bedroom.”
“And where would you sleep?”
“In the one bedroom.”
“Isn’t such cohabitation against the laws of the State of North Carolina?”
“You mean living in Sin-cinnati?”
She nodded slowly, her stare never leaving his face.
He shrugged. “I’ll pay-off the County Sheriff.”
“How about saving your money and just make it legal?” she said, then added after a pause, “One day.”
Zach was ready for this, had been ready for months, years maybe. “That would cost more than a payoff.”
The glint in Isabelle’s eye, the tension that had steadily risen in her shoulders and neck, the slight tilt of her head, released all at once. Her body seemed to collapse into itself, like fleeing to a hidden cave. After an interminable few seconds of silence, she said, “You’re a big help.”
Zach didn’t know whether to claim victory or accept defeat. “You’re welcome,” he said simply, unaware of the many layers of literal and ironic meaning carried in that phrase offered so casually.
Their waitress stopped by the table. “Can I remove those for you?” she asked, gesturing toward their plates with the half-finished portions growing cold.
Though Zach never, in all his life, sent good food (and his tuna was delicious) back to the kitchen, he nodded absentmindedly. Isabelle also nodded once, though hers accompanied by a look of grim disappointment. The waitress silently cleared their plates.

An hour later, beyond a near-silent ride to Zach’s house in his truck and equally taut bedtime preparations in separate rooms (Isabelle in the bathroom, Zach in the loft), they somehow found their way to the oldest of common grounds on the field of Zach’s simple foam mattress on the floor of his one bedroom, a non-verbal truce that began with Isabelle reaching across their no-man’s-land and tickling Zach beneath the covers then quickly accelerated into the giddiness of youthful bodies in grown-up endeavor—she at first beneath him, her tickling fingers immobilized at the wrists by his resolute hands, their bodies blending at a third juncture, then a fourth as his lips were everywhere on her face and hair, his tongue in her mouth, hers in his. Sometime later, she found herself above, riding astride him to a singular dissolution, each into the other. She collapsed atop him panting; he gladly absorbed her full weight that seemed, just then, no weight at all.
Awhile later, after she’d quietly rolled to one side and slid her panties over her legs, her nightgown over her shoulders, and for this once able to resist her body’s powerful tug toward sleep, she slid her face on the pillow close to his ear but not touching and whispered, “I’d like to move in here, if you’ll let me.”
Zach had to pull himself back from the edge of sleep. “What?”
“Move in, with you.”
“No promises?”
She considered that a few seconds then said, to the night as much as to Zach’s proximate ear, “No more than what we already have.”
Zach, ever a keeper of interpersonal ledgers, wasn’t exactly sure what these preexisting promises might be. But to his credit, he answered after only the slightest of pauses, “Sounds good,” and further cemented his vow by leaning forward and kissing her forehead, cool and smooth as polished marble in the dark.


Chapter 22

“I’d like to add Isabelle to the lease,” Zach said quietly across Barton’s spacious and elegantly if eclectically cluttered living room, site of countless sharings and confessions and verbal jousts between them these last four years—but never in all those exchanges a shouting voice, however much passion and love, hurt and betrayal they’d felt and weathered in that time. Rose-colored early spring twilight sifted through the tilted blinds and cast their faces and their lives in its recklessly hopeful glow.
Barton measured Zach’s words for several seconds from behind his silver cup (a purchase from Bloomingdale’s during a recent trip to New York) poised at his lips.
At first Zach didn’t meet his eyes, choosing instead to study the bourbon and ice in his matching silver cup. But as the silence stretched out, he finally glanced up. He found in Barton’s gaze a look of resigned indulgence rather than the censure he’d feared.
“As in Mr. and Mrs.?” Barton asked.
Zach laughed. “Heavens no! As in she’d like to move in with me starting May first.”
“I thought she already had.”
Zach nodded acceptance of this scolding. “She’s dropping the lease on her apartment. She’d like to move in—full-time and officially.”
“And you?”
“I’d like her to,” Zach said. Then he blurted, the first unplanned words of his speech, “I need her to.”
“Why?”
The question reverberated in all sorts of places in his soul Zach did not wish to visit at the moment, or surrender. That he now had such places that were off-limits to Barton was in itself a source of pain and regret and consternation. How had they come to this stalemate, cowering behind these redoubts? “Because I need to,” Zach said in a whisper, hoping not to sound like the petulant child.
Barton took a deep breath and started over. “My lease is with you. I want to keep it that way.” He paused then revised his statement. “I’d like to keep it that way.” In fact they had no written lease, only a verbal agreement on a below (far below) market value rent payable the first of each month.
Zach nodded. “That’s fine with me. I guess I’m asking your permission for Isabelle to move into your rental house—officially.”
“As a landlord?” Barton asked. The noun sounded awkward in his mouth.
Zach nodded. “As a landlord.”
“As a landlord, you have my permission.”
“Thank you. And the rent?”
Barton studied him carefully. “Let’s keep it the same for now, and talk about it again after three months.”
Zach made a quick assessment of this stipulation but found no grounds for protest. “O.K.”
“My lease is with you,” Barton repeated.
Zach nodded.
“If you move out, she leaves too.”
“With appropriate notice on either side.”
“One month?”
“Sounds fair.”
“Done,” Barton said with unusual finality.
“Done,” Zach agreed.
All around them the late afternoon had turned to gray dusk. Barton acknowledged the transition by staring at his now empty silver cup glowing faintly in his dull hands like a talisman. “How about we get some dinner?” he said finally.
“I’m starving,” Zach said.
“Good,” Barton said before rising to close the blinds, turn on the table lamp, secure the house for their departure.


Chapter 23

Late that night and alone, Zach woke with a start in the dark and cool house. He wondered for the briefest of moments what had stirred him but almost immediately slid past that anxiety—a remote part of his subconscious told him there was nothing there, after all the false alarms over the past months—and into a much darker and seemingly bottomless pool of doubt and disappointment, all of it focused on his failures and inadequacies. His sleep-clouded mind couldn’t begin to untangle the origins of this black hole, and the dark and silent bedroom offered forth nothing to divert his attention from an inward spiral of self-loathing. He unconsciously longed for the paranoia and anxiety of his earlier night terrors instead of this crushing despair. He closed his eyes and tried to force it away. He rolled on his stomach and buried his face in his pillow. But the pressure kept building, from within rather than outside. There was no escape this time, no series of actions that would spare him.
Or maybe one. He rose in undershorts and long-sleeve T-shirt and padded silently across the carpet of the bedroom and onto the hardwood of the hall. He knew there was no need for stealth, no intruders this time to sneak up on and ambush or sneak away from and escape. The intruder was inside his head, no ambush or escape possible.
Except one. He found the key he’d hid under the vase on the shelf and unlocked the hall closet. Without a light he reached into the closet and found the double-barreled shotgun leaning in the back right corner behind the heavy full-length wool coat he’d got from his former father-in-law’s attic. The slick steel was cool against his hands. He pulled the gun out of its hiding place, careful to keep the barrels pointed away. His left hand found the checkered walnut handgrip of the stock. He let the gun settle into the crook of his right elbow, barrels pointed downward, toward the ground, safely away from him or any accompanying hunter or birddog. He walked through the darkness of the house and into the greatroom confidently cradling the gun. There was enough light in that room, or his eyes had sufficiently adjusted to the dark, that he could see the dining table and chairs, the woodstove, the couch. He made his way to the upholstered chair in the far corner and sat down, set the gun across his bare thighs.
Though he knew the gun was unloaded—he’d never keep a loaded gun in the house—ingrained safety habits had kept him from putting his finger anywhere near the trigger while retrieving the gun and walking to the chair. Even now, safely seated and with the gun pointed away from himself or any living thing, he still wouldn’t let his right index finger touch the trigger, though he unerringly found the trigger guard and let his finger trail along its lean edge then over the scrollwork on its underside. The gun was like an extension of his body now—really, had been so since soon after he’d bought it over ten years ago. He could find any part of it, indeed disassemble then reassemble it entirely by feel, without light or looking. It was a beautiful work of art. It was an extension of his body.
What it wasn’t, or at least hadn’t been for years, was a means of causing injury or death. He hadn’t hunted with it for seven years and even before that had rarely killed anything using it. He thought of it much like he thought of his hands or his feet. Though in theory those appendages could cause injury or even death, he never thought of them as weapons. Nor did he see the gun across his knees as a weapon.
But at that moment, he saw it as escape, felt in its slick cool steel and smooth warmer hand-carved wood relief of last resort from the mounting pressure of confusion and inner hatred, hatred that always returned home and settled on his own failures and inadequacies. The shotgun wasn’t a weapon. It wasn’t harm or carnage it would cause. The gun represented an outlet of last resort. It could produce a blinding flash of light that would be permanent, that would be release.
As verbal and analytical as Zach could be, he brought none of these feelings to words at that moment or in any moment. Matters this grave and final could only be registered in the soul, and there as impressions, the faintest of feelings, not words, not even emotions, safely remote but all the more absolute for their remoteness—like God or fate.
And consoling this night, soon as his finger found its way to the trigger guard, sensed the trigger, heard the quiet metallic click of the released firing pin were that trigger sought out and pulled. His soul wouldn’t let itself hear the roar that firing pin would cause if it struck a loaded shell in the chamber. His soul refused the roar, substituted instead the flash of light and the silence. That’s what the trigger could cause. That’s the calm it offered now, the freedom it could unleash if needed, if it came to that.
But no such need tonight. The pressure within was subsiding. He could return to bed, knew dreamless sleep would coat him once there. But he stayed on a minute in the chair, the gun across his thighs, formulated a plan as test of resolve—he could cradle the unloaded gun as often as needed for consolation and calm; but if it ever got so grim as to force him to crack the gun and insert a live shell (which he’d moved to atop the kitchen’s upper cupboards), there’d be no turning back. That would be the sign. He nodded affirmation to the gun, the night, felt a perverse satisfaction in knowing that the demons within heard his threat, cowered in the shadows.


Chapter 24

“So what do you do?” the pale-faced bespectacled boy with curly red hair named Brad seated to his left asked during the pause between ordering their meals and delivery of the appetizers.
Zach smiled calmly, perhaps a bit indulgently, at Brad. He was Isabelle’s age, a classmate of hers from high school, and just two years younger than Zach. But with his adolescent’s complexion and squeaky voice, he seemed a child. “I’m a carpenter,” Zach said.
Brad looked confused. “Nancy said Isabelle told her you wrote.”
Zach descended a notch from his lofty perch but managed to maintain his air of munificence. “I do write, but not for a living, not yet anyway. Carpentry is what pays the bills.”
“Seems like an odd combination.”
“It’s what works,” Zach said then added, “For now.”
Brad smiled and nodded enthusiastically. “Whatever works.”
Though he’d lost his air of confidence and superiority, Zach managed a thin smile to go along with his short nod.
The two were seated at a large plank table on the enclosed porch of a restored plantation house outside of Charleston, South Carolina. A friend of Isabelle’s from high school who lived in Charleston had arranged a reunion of their high school gang, along with a smattering of spouses and other “companions,” for the long Easter weekend in early April. Isabelle had invited Zach—indeed, all but begged him—to accompany her on this trip. Though he was averse to these sorts of reunions and did his best to deny (by avoiding) Isabelle’s past, he’d long been wanting to visit Charleston and grudgingly yielded to Isabelle’s pleas. This group dinner—fifteen in all, nine girls and six guys—at the fancy plantation restaurant was the highpoint of the reunion. Zach was dressed in a new khaki suit and paisley tie. The other men had on sportcoats and ties and dress slacks, the women bright spring dresses.
Isabelle was wearing a dress Zach had given her on Valentine’s Day, knee-length and three-quarter sleeved in white Oxford-cloth with pale lavender stripes and a matching frill accenting the neckline. Bought in the pit of winter, it had on that occasion radiated the hope of spring when Isabelle had held it over her sweater and jeans. On her now, and she seated across the table from him and backed by riotously blooming azaleas of myriad hue in the garden beyond the sun porch’s windows, the dress and the beautiful petite woman in it seemed to not only radiate spring but define it, impetuously confident in the future.
And why not? Earlier, Zach and Isabelle had followed their morning stroll along The Battery and through the bustling Customs House Market by forgoing the group’s planned carriage ride and spending the afternoon in their motel bed, gorging again in curtain-filtered daylight as they had in streetlamp-tinted darkness the night before on each the other’s flesh. But even more than feasting on the joys their supple skin in merger offered forth, they fed on the promise they defined, leaning together into the future, thrust forward by the momentum of their lives and the rare chance that had crushed them into one against all likelihood and opposition. Given all that, her scent still on his fingers as he gazed at her across the broad table and past the candles in their brass holders, why not reckless confidence in the future? Why not hope defined by a face and glowing blonde hair, a dress brought to life on her body backed by blooming azaleas? Why not this rare certainty, this uncharacteristic optimism?
“So you haven’t set a date?” Miriam, a tall and big-boned brunette with wide-set frank eyes said from his right side.
If Brad seemed far younger than his years, Miriam seemed far older than hers, her stare unfathomable—maybe wise, maybe judgmental. Isabelle’s best friend from childhood, she was now living in Maryland getting a post-graduate degree. Zach had met her only once, a couple years ago, and then only in passing at a Christmas cocktail party. While his desire to avoid Isabelle’s past made him wish to keep his interaction with Miriam casual and superficial, he couldn’t now avoid her seated beside him. “What date?”
“For your wedding.” Her unfaltering stare betrayed neither irony nor seriousness.
“Whoa, whoa,” Zach said. “We’re not even engaged.” He glanced across to Isabelle who tilted her head in puzzlement at his sudden blanched face.
“But she’s moving in with you,” Miriam continued.
“At the end of the month.”
“And—?” Miriam let the question trail off though her stare eased somewhat in a hint of playfulness.
“And nothing,” Zach said firmly. “We’ll be living together.”
“Why Mr. Sandstrom,” Miriam said, her voice donning the thick accent still the norm in this region, “Are you leading my best friend into the fires of iniquity. Shame on you, sir.” That last word, spoken as suh, should’ve been a dead giveaway if the prior speech and glinting eyes hadn’t.
But Zach still hadn’t caught on. He shook his head slowly. “No engagement,” he said. “No wedding date.”
Miriam reached over and lightly laid her hand on his cheek and turned his face toward hers. “Zach, I’m teasing. I’ve been living with my boyfriend for three years. It’s O.K. by me for Isabelle to live with you outside of marriage.”
Zach blushed bright red but tried to explain his defensiveness. “It’ll be a new experiment for me.”
“I thought you’d been married.”
“I have, but we never lived together before marriage.”
“You should have.”
“My thought exactly. Maybe you could tell Isabelle that.”
“I have.”
Zach looked surprised. “And?”
“She understood what I was saying. She sees how trying something out before making it official could be a good thing—like a test drive.”
Zach nodded. “Couldn’t agree more.”
“As long as you eventually buy the car,” Miriam said.
Zach looked up. “You said you’ve lived with your boyfriend for three years.”
She nodded. “Three years, three months, and twelve days.”
“Hasn’t bought the car yet.”
“He’s a slow decider; I’m a patient waiter.”
Zach nodded but said nothing, not sure whether to offer congratulations or condolences.
True to her word, Miriam patiently waited through that silence before saying quietly, “Isabelle’s not as patient as I am, never has been.” Just then, several pretty young waitresses in hoop skirts with puffy sleeves and low-cut bodices appeared and began distributing large salads around the table.
Zach looked across the table. Isabelle was gazing steadily back at him, a slight grin beneath her questioning eyes that might’ve hid, there around the edges, the first hints of impatience. If at that moment Zach were in command of his more typical detached observation and analysis, he might’ve marveled at how quickly his rampant optimism had transformed into doubt and uncertainty. As it was, he gladly turned his full attention to the tossed salad placed in front of him, heavily coated in a honey Dijon vinaigrette that was surely not antebellum fare but was a welcome distraction nonetheless.


Chapter 25

Zach got back to the house around ten-thirty after a bartending job on campus. He was tired after a very long day of two yardwork jobs and the exhausting bartending gig (he’d had to carry all the supplies from the parking lot and up three flights of stairs then back out again, in addition to standing without a break behind the makeshift bar for four hours). Worse than his physical fatigue, he was beset by a foul mood of unknown origin that swelled to near fury as he walked across the dimly lit gravel drive toward the deck door and the music thumping through the walls into the night. He saw Isabelle along with his brother Mark who was visiting for a few days and Isabelle’s college friend Lana gesturing and laughing and having fun—no doubt helped along by generous amounts of alcohol—in the greatroom beyond the wall of glass. This was his house! What right did they have to party in it without him present?
But it wasn’t his house anymore. Isabelle had moved in three weeks earlier. After some initial timidity and reticence, she had finally begun to treat the house as her home. Inviting Lana over tonight was a big step toward marking the place as hers, as well as an attempt to keep Mark entertained during Zach’s absence. She knew Lana wouldn’t be able to resist Zach’s cute younger brother and hoped the attraction would be reciprocated.
And Mark’s visit was also a watershed of sorts. He was the first member of Zach’s family to make the effort to visit Zach in his new, if rented, abode. Zach was a little surprised by how deeply this affected him. On the surface, he was gratified by the validation Mark’s visit implied—his family acknowledged (finally) through this emissary his life now (finally) fully independent of Dover, an independence further magnified by his new live-in mate not named Allison.
But beneath the surface it all got scrambled. Why did he need his family’s approval? And at what price? Was it approval at all or judgment; and with judgment, censure? And with the door of possible censure opened, lots of justifications for condemnation (real or imagined) flooded in—his menial and low-paying jobs, his failure to use his college degree, his failure to take advantage of his academic success and awards, his non-committal relationship with Isabelle and their half-hearted cohabitation: in short, his purposeless floundering life. Mark would see all that. Mark would take that message of failure back to his family: the prodigal son in prodigious dissipation.
This complex mix of unrecognized fears and disappointments, the same feelings that had been gradually revealing themselves, albeit in disguise, during his nocturnal terrors and disquiet, coalesced into unprecedented rage as Zach turned the doorknob—unlocked, another sign of irresponsibility and negligence—and quietly stepped into the house.
Rock music was blaring to distortion (had they popped the speakers?) from his stereo. Half-full glasses sweating condensation sat on his end tables with no protective coasters underneath. A small portion of congealed lasagna sat drying in its pan beside a few shreds of slimy lettuce in a bowl on the dining table. How had they managed to transform his carefully tended home—Barton’s perfect jewel of a house—into a slovenly fraternity den in just a few hours?
At first, no one noticed his arrival. Lana was sitting on Mark’s lap bouncing up and down like she was riding a horse, her dark hair flying around her face and over her eyes. Isabelle was seated on a leather hassock in front of them, playing pattycake with the flailing hands of the bouncing Lana. Their hands missed meeting more than half the time; when they did meet, their fingers would tussle in midair before separating again and resuming a rhythm to Isabelle’s words lost beneath the pounding music. Behind Lana, Mark reclined with a sated, drunken grin on his face, his bleary eyes gazing into space, up toward the dark loft.
After maybe thirty seconds, those bleary eyes drifted over to where Zach was standing in front of the door, his face lost in shadow, his hands balled in fists. At first Mark seemed confused about the identity of the figure at the door, and his grin changed to a look of bewilderment. Then he apparently recognized Zach and raised his hand in a lazy wave from behind Lana’s head.
Isabelle turned at Mark’s gesture and spotted Zach. She jumped off the hassock and ran over and hugged him. “Welcome home,” she shouted over the music. “We saved you some supper.”
He didn’t hug her back or try to speak. They both looked at the congealed lasagna.
Isabelle said, “I’ll heat it up,” and took a step toward the dining table.
Though Zach had not eaten and was, beneath his fury, almost dizzy from low blood sugar and fatigue, he grabbed Isabelle’s shoulder roughly and shook his head once when she looked back in surprise.
“You sure?” she shouted.
He made no response, let his glare speak for him.
She looked at him for a few seconds before turning to clear the table that she suddenly realized should’ve been cleared hours ago.
By this time Mark had eased Lana off his lap. She sat now like a ragdoll on the floor against the side of the chair, her hair hanging over her drooping face. Mark stood and shuffled across the room to the amplifier on the shelves behind the woodstove and turned down the volume but only slightly. He then covered the few yards to where Zach was standing, his strides suddenly sure, his face assuming the unnatural rigidity of a drunk’s when confronted by a cop. He approached as if he wanted to shake Zach’s hand or give him a brotherly hug but halted in mid-stride when he saw the look on Zach’s face. “So how was work?” he asked, raising his voice slightly above the still loud music.
“Fine,” Zach said quietly, knowing his response was inaudible.
Mark raised his finger in signal to wait, walked back to the stereo’s controls and turned the volume down further. Then he returned to stand in front of Zach and said, “Now, how was work?” The look on his face was a hilarious mix of contrition and submission—a rummy’s exaggerated hapless apology for sins and oversights known and mostly unknown.
Zach should’ve let it go. At that moment and into that innocent’s obsequious humorous gaze, he should’ve unclenched his fists and released all the misplaced anger that had balled them up and gotten a strong drink of his own and some food in his stomach (there was some barbecue in the fridge if the lasagna was inedible) and sat down to let Isabelle ride on his lap or at least snuggle up close on the couch and ease his aches away as Mark and Lana quietly disappeared to a car’s back seat or a bedroom off premises and left him and Isabelle to resume their cohabited life. A more secure and well-adjusted person could’ve done that. On another day, Zach might’ve done that. But not this night. The demons inside him had found their way into public view and weren’t ready—nowhere near ready—to go back into hiding. “What makes you think you can come down here and trash my house?”
Mark held his ground but leaned back from the words as if slapped.
From her place against the chair, Lana suddenly sat up straight, swept her hair away from her face and stared at the two men across the room.
Isabelle emerged from the kitchen. She went straight to Zach and touched his hand lightly. “Don’t be like that, Zach. Mark didn’t trash the house. Nobody trashed the house. We can clean it up in two minutes.”
Lana rose and started gathering stray napkins and empty glasses and the dessert plates with brownie crumbs on the coffee table. She tried to collect too many items and one of the plates fell to the floor with a loud clatter.
Though the plate didn’t break, everyone in the room flinched at the noise—everyone except Zach. He was in a realm beyond surprise or distraction. He pulled his hand away from Isabelle’s. “Get the hell out of my house,” he said in a low voice, carefully annunciating each word.
Mark stood staring at his brother.
Lana somehow managed to pick up the wayward plate without dropping anything more and scurried across the room and awkwardly unloaded everything on the dining table.
Isabelle said, “Zach, why don’t you sit down and we’ll get you something to drink. Have you eaten yet? Had dessert? Lana’s brownies are delicious, and she didn’t even spike them with pot!”
Nobody laughed at the joke.
Isabelle looked at Lana and gestured with her eyes toward Zach’s far side. Lana nodded. “Come on, Zach. Sit down and rest. You’ve been on your feet all day.” She took hold of Zach’s near hand. His one hand was larger than her two together.
Lana went around to Zach’s far side and took hold of his forearm with both her hands. “Come on, Zach. Take a load off. We’ll get Mark to do his Chinaman imitation for you!”
Mark silently stepped aside. He knew enough not to touch someone with that look in his eyes. He hoped their gender granted the two girls a degree of leniency, but he had little confidence in that hope. He’d never seen his brother like this and had no idea what to expect but feared it wouldn’t be good.
The women together tugged Zach toward the couch, one on each arm. At first they pulled gently, playfully, hopeful that Zach would give in to their efforts without fighting—they were pretty girls, after all: their powers of persuasion, especially when combined with touch and in the late night glow of alcohol, were normally irresistible.
“Come on, honey,” Isabelle said.
“You know you can’t fight it,” Lana said from the other side.
Zach didn’t budge.
The girls began to pull harder and harder, were soon tugging on his arms with all their might, grunting and trying to anchor their shoes against the smooth-finished hardwood. They kept slipping on the floor. Lana’s feet slid out from under her and she fell but didn’t let go of Zach’s arm, kept tugging from her new seat on the floor.
Zach’s anger only grew, heightened by this absurd display and the pain their fingernails were causing as they gouged into his wrists. He suddenly reversed their holds, now ringed the paired wrists of each with his hands, and pulled the two back toward him. Either girl alone was no match for Zach’s strength. However, normally the two together could’ve countered his strength. But this was not a normal occasion. Try as they might, the two women could neither free their wrists from his grip nor stop him from pulling them toward him. He kept pulling till they were standing helplessly on either side of him, their arms raised above their heads, locked in his hands. He continued to lift his arms till they raised up on tiptoes. Isabelle actually came off the floor. Lana, several inches taller than Isabelle, managed to keep her toes on the floor, though barely.
“Zach, you’re hurting us!” Isabelle cried. 
Zach set them down and released their wrists. “Get out of my house.” 
He walked to the dining table, took the dirty plates and glasses Lana had left there, and carried them into the kitchen. It was a bigger mess than the greatroom—dirty pots and pans and utensils scattered on the counters and stovetop and piled in the sink. He deliberately and methodically washed and dried every pot and pan and plate and glass and utensil and put it away in its proper place, glad for a constructive purpose toward which to direct his energy and anger.
When he emerged from the kitchen, the greatroom was empty. One more crumpled napkin and a brownie-crumbed dessert plate sat on the table, memorial to the party that was. Other than that, the room appeared as neat and orderly as he’d left it five hours before. The stereo was off (when had that happened?) and the room, the whole house, was gripped in a deathly silence. The new stillness and order momentarily disoriented Zach. How had he come to be here? What had happened? He recalled his anger, recalled hard words—but spoken by him or another? Where were Mark and Lana, Isabelle? There was a darkness still loose in him, an irrational anger; but with no external objects or beings toward which to direct it, that anger quietly rolled over and directed itself inward.
He switched off the light and walked through the darkness down the hall and past the stairs and into the bedroom. Without turning on the light he started to unbutton the white dress shirt he still had on from bartending.
“I hope you’re proud of yourself,” Isabelle said from the bed.
“For what?”
“Tossing your brother out, for one thing.”
“He goes where he pleases.”
“He didn’t ‘go’ anywhere, Zach! You threw him out!”
Zach was silent.
“And for embarrassing me in front of my best friend.”
“Who?”
“Lana!”
“What about her?”
“You embarrassed me and you insulted her! I’ll be lucky if she ever speaks to me again!”
Zach was silent. The self-loathing he felt for himself was beginning to mix with loathing from outside himself. He’d always tried to leave others out of it, did his best not to disappoint them. The scope of this new failure settled over him.
“What’s wrong with you, Zach?”
He needed to be alone. “You should leave,” he said quietly in a voice devoid of emotion.
“I’m not going to leave! I live here!”
“You should leave!” he repeated, his voice growing in volume and threat with each word.
“I’m not leaving, Zach,” her voice dropping in volume but rising in determination.
“Leave!” he shouted, his hands clenching into balled fists again.
“No.”
“Leave!”
“No! This is my home!” she said, tears starting to blur her words.
Zach’s fist flew out into the darkness. It struck the near wall, leaving a large hole in the drywall. He couldn’t believe what he’d done, recklessly damaging Barton’s house. He couldn’t imagine what he was capable of. Somewhere beneath the layers of anger and self-loathing and guilt, he was suddenly terrified of himself.
He rushed out of the bedroom and down the hall. He had the shotgun in his hand. He had a single shotgun shell in his other hand. He raced out into the night, the door slamming in his wake, the whole house shaking. 
Across the deck, down the steps, up the hill through the woods, farther, a little farther, a little farther. Far enough.
There was an old stump, its surface ridged and pocked by years of weather and decay but its core solid and splintery. Zach sat on it.
The shotgun shell was no longer in his hand. He knew where it was—Western Super-X, Magnum Load, 12-gauge, 00 buckshot, primed and loaded. He took the gun, turned it upside-down, laid the twin barrels against his neck, up under his chin. He gripped the barrels with his left hand, ran the fingers of his right hand downward along the length of the gun. Everything was backwards—the bottom of the barrels, the forestock release, the forestock, the chamber latch, the firing mechanism, the safety off. None of it made any sense. How had it come to this?
 His fingers felt the trigger guard. The back of his index finger settled into the curl of the trigger. It was time.
The voice said—I now have you.

When he woke the eastern sky was taking on shades of gray behind thick clouds. He sat on a rough old stump. His head was on his knees, his arms dangling to either side, his fingertips brushing the leaf litter that surrounded him. With no jacket or blanket he was nearly frozen in the chill predawn.
He spotted the shotgun on the ground beside him, its barrels facing back toward him, not away. He shuddered, not at the misdirected barrels but at the thought of it lying there unprotected from the elements. He picked it up, turned it around, and wiped it with his shirt sleeve. He opened the barrels, as he did when first handling any gun. There was a single live shell in the right-hand chamber. That discovery confirmed everything else.
He stood with the gun still hinged open. He removed the unspent shell and dropped it in the pocket of his black bartending pants then closed the gun and let it fall into its natural place with the stock’s pistol grip hooked over the notch of his right forearm and elbow. He walked back down to the house through woods slowly taking on the thin silver glow of dawn.
He stood at the foot of their bed. He took a chance and said, “I’m sorry.”
She said, “I know.”
He said, “You didn’t leave.”
“I’ll never leave.”
He nodded.
“You can push me away,” she said. “But I won’t leave.”
“Thank you.”
She started to cry. “I thought you were gone.”
He laughed. “Half-froze but still here.”
“Good,” she sniffled. She pulled the covers back.
He slid into the bed. From where he lay the hole in the wall opposite was not visible through the gray shadows. He was glad for that. He’d patch it later, sand the patch smooth, paint the patch then paint the whole wall from the can labeled bedroom leftover from construction. Barton would never know.
They both fell quickly into deep sleep without embracing or further talk or intimacies, touching full-length along one side through his pants and shirt, her flannel nightgown, the most contact either could bear at that crossroads.

The following Monday, he took his shotgun to a dealer downtown who openly marveled at its beauty and quality and gave him a fair price. Surrendering that link to his past was the most painful act of his life, but it was not a choice. He used the money to buy Isabelle an engagement ring and presented it to her two weeks later following a wonderful meal at La Maison, the finest restaurant in town. They both got sick overnight, blamed the rich food, kept the engagement anyway.


Chapter 26

Barton led and Zach followed up the hill across the road through fields carpeted in succulent grass to their ankles and woods bathed in the pale-green glow of spring sun filtered through unfurling leaves. In those days before the region’s inundation by herds of whitetail deer and the disease-carrying ticks they shed, the greatest danger to hikers was the chance encounter with a pugnacious black snake or a brush against a sprig of poison ivy. So the two walked up the gentle slope with a light-hearted ease reflective of and spurred on by the season of the year and the warm, bright Sunday afternoon.
They reached the highpoint of the hill where an open field merged with pine woods that rolled off to the north, and paused to admire and enjoy the sort of long-range view that was uncommon in these parts. To the south they could make out a few of the taller buildings of the university village maybe ten miles away. To the east a mix of deciduous and pine woods rolled away in what appeared to be an unbroken natural plain, no human structures far as the eye could see—and, with a little creative imagination, the eye might think it could see all the way to the sea more than a hundred miles distant. It was that kind of day.
“Highest point in Dawson County,” Barton said with quiet reverence.
He’d often told Zach of Surry Mountain “just across the road,” but they’d not found the chance to climb it until today. With Isabelle at the beach with Lana on a long-scheduled “girls’ weekend,” a few days ago Zach had called Barton and suggested they spend a “boys’ afternoon” together. They’d originally planned to go to a movie matinee, but at the last minute Barton had said “It’s too pretty to stay inside” and suggested they climb Surry Mountain. So here they were.
“It’s beautiful,” Zach said. “Worth the effort and the wait.”
Barton pulled his new compact camera from his jacket pocket and took several photos of the view then turned and snapped two quick candid shots of Zach gazing into the distance.
“No fair,” Zach said.
Barton grinned. “Too late.”
The sun was hot and Zach backed into the shade and sat on an oak log cut down long ago for firewood but never retrieved. Barton circled slowly, taking photos of Zach from several angles. Zach normally shunned having his picture taken but today—at this place, in this moment—he was happy to let Barton indulge his hobby, memorialize the occasion.
Zach felt a profound sense of peace. This feeling arose over many obstacles. He was again pointed toward marriage despite a strong aversion to the obligations, real and imagined, that institution brought with it. He knew of many incompatibilities between him and Isabelle, expected there were more to be uncovered. Chief among them, he doubted he could earn enough to support her in the lifestyle she envisioned, or that he’d want to be a part of such a lifestyle. While he liked Malcolm and Louise as friends, he wasn’t sure he’d like them, or they him, as in-laws. And he had no idea how his family would react to Isabelle, a woman they (with the exception of Mark, and that meeting didn’t go very well) had yet to meet. Most of all, and reminded by today’s comfortable exchange, he was acutely aware of the chasm that had opened between him and his former intimacy with Barton, a gulf that Barton had implied would become permanent and unbridgeable if Isabelle ever became “permanent.” All of these concerns, always near the surface of his awareness, should’ve flooded him with torment and indecisiveness or worse.
But they didn’t, and he intuitively knew why: he’d stepped out into the void and been caught. He didn’t know why or how. He didn’t know who. He just knew it had happened, and he felt the giddy optimism of one reprieved. More than that, he was willing to trust the reprieve enough to start to build a new life, even if he had no idea, or confidence in, where that life might lead. He looked squarely at the camera and the cameraman pointed toward his face. “Isabelle and I are getting married. I’d like you to be my best man.”
The shutter clicked, the sound like a firing pin clicking in an empty chamber.
Zach flinched at the sound but continued. “You’re the only one I’ll ask.”
Barton switched off the camera and carefully dropped it into the pocket of his denim jacket. He sat down on the log a few feet from Zach and stared across that beautiful view east. “Do you know what you’re doing?” he asked without altering his gaze.
Zach laughed. “Not a clue!”
Barton faced him then. “And you expect me to stand beside you?”
“I’m not expecting you to, I’m asking you to.”
“How can you take such a chance on your future?”
Zach had anticipated this question from this questioner from the moment he’d purchased the ring. In all that time, he’d never found an acceptable response. But now one spilled out of him. “Five years ago, every time you sat down at your desk you saw a handwritten letter from a stranger attached to a collection of his stories sitting off to one side. And every day for six months you went about your work without responding to that letter. Then one day you put a piece of paper in your typewriter and wrote a response and put it in an envelope and mailed it to some guy named Zachary Sandstrom in Boston. How could you take such a chance?”
“A letter is not a marriage proposal.”
“No, it was much more; and you knew it. We both knew it, even if we didn’t know how or why.”
Barton again looked out across the vista. He marveled at the reckless faith of this one who would blindly leap a second time into the swirling vortex of fate or, worse, the unknowable will of God. The sun had slipped lower in the sky and now bathed the broad terrain in radiant gold, far as the eye could see. He said to that view, “I’ll stand beside you.” Then, turning toward Zach, he added with a glint in his eyes and playful twitching of his lips just before he spoke, “On one condition.”
“Which is?”
“I won’t kiss the father of the bride, nor let him kiss me.”
“That’s two conditions,” Zach said through his grin.
“Just one, with a subordinate clause.”
Zach nodded. “Terms accepted,” he said then added quietly, “With gratitude.”


27

Malcolm Donnelly spilled his drink at their news, for him a grave and unprecedented misstep. Louise Donnelly tried to shape a quick and intelligent response but was momentarily deprived of words, a condition as unprecedented (in Zach’s experience, anyway) as Malcolm’s sloshed old fashioned. Zach glanced at Isabelle’s profile. Her face was far paler than usual, her jaw set, the muscles in her neck taut ropes that he’d never seen before. He’d felt them that taut a few times—her riding above him in the dark, thrusting toward fruition, his fingers under her chin feeling the pulse of her life force its way through those rigid muscles. But he’d never seen them that tight, realized just then he’d rather not have ever seen them like that, rather have spared her that bald vulnerability. His smile of amusement at the Donnellys’ shock disappeared when he saw how tense and awkward this moment was for her.
They were sitting together on the too soft gold couch in Malcolm and Louise’s Victorian sitting room, opposite Isabelle’s parents seated on their designated chairs, all armed with their pre-dinner drinks and the brie and crackers waiting on a cheese board on the coffee table between them when Isabelle blurted out, “Zach and I are getting married” long before the time she and Zach had agreed they should share their news, which was over dessert and coffee after dinner so as not to overshadow the evening’s proceedings or, more importantly (Zach had thought and they had agreed) allow undue and premature questioning and planning on the part of her parents. Well, so much for those plans. He could tell from Isabelle’s terrified stare that she was operating instinctively now, temporarily oblivious to all their prior discussions and plans.
Malcolm looked like he was starting to tear up, and Zach was unsure if this were due to sentimental reaction to their news or impotent objection to it or horror at the bourbon that had found its way out of his glass and onto his pants leg. (Zach realized months later, this initial sadness was probably due to the loss of a friend more than the “loss” of a daughter who in fact was retained, even recovered, certainly safeguarded—in his mind at least—by this development.)
Louise finally found her voice. “But you only just started living together.” She’d objected strenuously if mostly indirectly, through second-hand messages delivered to Isabelle through relatives and family friends, at her wayward choice.
“Yes. And now we’re getting married,” Isabelle said in a hard and cold voice Zach had never heard before, not even in their arguments.
“Why don’t you try living together awhile longer?” Louise said in a question that was clearly not a question.
“We will, until we get married,” Isabelle said.
“Before deciding to get married,” Louise said.
“We’ve already decided,” Isabelle said.
“Then undecide,” Louise said.”
“Is that a word?” Zach asked.
Neither of the women responded, though their stare across the finely carved walnut coffee table and the meticulously woven Oriental rug spoke more loudly than words.
Malcolm said finally, “We could have the ceremony in the yard.”
Isabelle faced him with an expression of relief beyond gratitude.
Malcolm quickly added. “If that’s what the two of you want.”
Isabelle said, “That’s what I’ve always dreamed.”
“Then that’s what we will do,” he said. “Need to give the bride her day, right Zach?”
Zach nodded. “Whatever you say, Boss.”
“We’ll have to patch the fish pond and refill it. When did you say the wedding will be?”
“Next spring,” Isabelle said. “We haven’t set a date.”
Malcolm tilted his head in some unspoken calculation. “Should be enough time.” He nodded slowly. “Yes, that should work.”
Zach said, “It’s decided then.”
Malcolm stood and raised his glass. “To the betrothal.”
Zach and Isabelle stood together and raised their glasses.
Everyone looked to Louise. She finally stood and raised her glass. “Cheers,” she said through tears.
Zach most clearly remembered the dark stain on Malcolm’s khaki pants. Isabelle remembered her mom’s tears, tears she understood in her heart if not her head were of bittersweet joy.


27

Zach padded silently down the unlit hall and across the greatroom with the woodstove exuding residual warmth and sat silently but heavily in the upholstered chair in the far corner that had become for him a kind of second nocturnal home.
On waking suddenly from a deep slumber moments before, he’d not even tried to push himself back to sleep nor had he wasted any more than a few seconds weighing the possible causes for his rousing. He knew from long experience that there were no intruders in the house, no natural or man-made disaster threatening indoors or out. The threats, such as they were, emanated from within his body and his mind—perhaps a chemical imbalance in his brain (the role of biochemistry in mood and emotion was much in vogue in psychiatric circles at the time, with some of the cutting edge research being done right here at Avery) or more likely (though he hated to admit it) from a tangle of unresolved, barely realized emotions and needs dating back years or probably all the way to his childhood. He knew he’d not answer those questions or begin to solve those problems sitting by himself in the dark in the middle of the night, but he also knew he’d not fall back asleep until he released at least a portion of the energy and anxiety that was now loose in his bloodstream. That understanding seemed to confirm a physiological component to his disquiet, but the one time he’d asked a doctor about it, the doctor’s response—“You’re probably right, but our diagnostic tools in that regard are primitive and our treatment options unattractive”—was as discouraging as it was frank: there’d be no pill to make this go away, least not anytime soon.
So he’d have to tough it out, and alone. He was quite certain he’d not waked Isabelle—she was one of the soundest sleepers he’d ever known—but even if he had, he knew she’d roll over and go back to sleep. He didn’t begrudge her her sleep or her refusal to confront the causes of his insomnia at the moment of its unfolding. They’d tried that a few times and only managed to leave them both exhausted and frustrated. Nor did he want her touch. It was enough—precisely so—to have her in the house but not in reach.
He was glad not to have the gun. When he’d had it, at first it seemed a comfort—a promise of safety or, barring that, a promise of escape. But that latter promise had quickly, stunningly so, assumed a mind of its own, enticed him with the lure of its dare—If you want to see real freedom . . . . He’d recently substituted a less extreme escape plan: he kept two hundred dollars in worn twenties wadded up in a pair of socks at the back of his sock drawer. That cash and his truck key would deliver him far enough away that he’d never be found, if such a disappearance were needed. It was telling that he’d never contemplated the morality, kindness or cruelty, of either escape option, to himself or his loved ones.
But escape was not much on his mind this night. He’d committed to a near-term goal—their wedding, just a few months away—and sold that goal to the handful of people that mattered—his parents, Isabelle’s parents, his co-workers, Barton most of all—with the old reliable surface equanimity that had sold so many people so many sensible (they must be if I say they are) plans over so many years.
But this time he had a harder selling job—himself. At every intellectual and emotional level, he feared and doubted the institution of marriage. He knew of no marriage that had attained the lofty goals he still clung to, however idealistically, for long-term romantic love. And the vast majority of marriages he’d witnessed, including his own, were disastrous. So why in the world had he agreed to enter into another such doomed contract? How could this one be any different, especially in light of the challenges already meticulously articulated by Barton and Malcolm and numerous others, himself included? What hope could he have, could they have, against all that?
And what plans did he have, did they have, beyond the day of the marriage—for careers, home, family? His carpentry job and Isabelle’s secretarial position both still felt like temporary stopovers on the way to something else. But what else, and how to get to the what else? And if their current jobs evolved into long-term careers, how would they ever be able to afford even the most basic of lifestyles let alone the middle-class comforts Isabelle took for granted and surely expected? And then there loomed the question of children. While Isabelle was in no rush to have children, she’d left little doubt she wanted some eventually. Zach was not nearly so sure. Though years earlier he’d desperately wanted a child—with Allison, with Becca, with anybody—at the moment he couldn’t imagine taking on that long-term commitment. How could he count on himself to provide reliable love and care for at least eighteen years—he that had two hundred dollars waiting in his socks, who had so recently put a live shell in a gun and pointed the barrels toward himself? Finally, and most urgent and present of all these future considerations, where did Barton fit into their married life? He’d promised to stand beside Zach at the wedding but made no promise for beyond that. Their relationship was still dominated by tension, tension that grew out of an ever present awareness of how much they’d lost, how far they’d drifted from their former intimacy and trust. Could Barton be incorporated into their married life; and if so, at what cost, what risk? And if not? That was a prospect Zach could not consider, so thoroughly had he incorporated Barton into his vision of himself and his future.
He’d convinced everyone else of the rightness of their decision to get married. Now he only had to convince himself, sitting there in the dark in the upholstered armchair as the anger and anxiety ever so slowly drained out of him and into the cool hardwood beneath his bare feet. If he could only convince himself that he knew where he was going and why. Otherwise what was it—his impending marriage, his whole life—but a blind leap into the darkness?


28

The day was warm and humid with showers threatening around the fringes of a hazy sky but never materializing. Several cousins got food poisoning the night before, an aunt got lost between the airport and the Donnellys, an uncle was dispatched to find her, the aunt arrived, the uncle was lost, a nephew got into the chocolate-covered strawberries (every last one), the cellist had no chair, Zach’s New England family were melting in their wool and leather attire. In short, the build-up to the wedding went exactly as planned, or at least as one would expect for such an auspicious and large gathering of relatives and friends from near and far. To one on the outside, the drama would’ve appeared humorous and touching, even poignant in its latest enactment of a rite old as civilization. To those on the inside, it was all chaos and crisis.
Zach and Barton waited in Malcolm’s shaded study with its small window air conditioner laboring to offer a breath of cool. Zach, in his pale-blue pin-cord suit and neatly knotted dark blue tie, paced silently back and forth in the cramped space. Barton in a charcoal suit leaned against the end of the desk, grinning at his friend’s unease. “We’ve run Israeli checkpoints and skirted Roman bombs, but I’ve never seen you this jumpy.”
Zach froze in his pacing. “Leave it to the novelist to provide a narrative context to the moment.”
“Always.”
“You remember that beautiful Israeli soldier?”
Barton laughed. “I remember a lot of beautiful Israeli soldiers.”
“I mean the girl, the one at Rachel’s Tomb.”
“The one you took the picture of?”
Zach nodded. “I wonder what became of her.”
“Probably fat with saggy tits and five kids and another on the way.”
“Barton, that was only three and a half years ago.”
“O.K.—with saggy tits and three kids and another on the way.”
Zach laughed. Somehow that wasn’t how he imagined her. She’d had a beautiful face and haunting eyes, and was sexy as hell in her uniform carrying that M-16.
“You really are nervous, aren’t you?”
“I just want to get this over with and get on with life.”
Barton said, “Be careful what you wish for.” It had become a common refrain of his recently, anytime someone spoke of the future with unqualified expectation.
Louise poked her head in the door. “I think we’re finally ready,” she said panting before rushing upstairs to where Isabelle and Miriam were waiting.
Barton looked at his watch. “Only a half hour late.”
Zach smiled. “Right on time.”
He led the way out the back door and across the drive and up the hill toward the black-suited minister standing impatiently in the shade of two large willow oaks.
“Zach!” Barton said in an urgent whisper. “Wait up.”
Zach stopped and looked back. Barton was ten yards behind and struggling to catch up, tugging at his right leg with his hand. Zach waited with a sheepish grin. “Sorry,” he said once Barton had come astride. “Guess I’m rushing ahead into that future. You O.K.?”
“Just a little Arthur-itis,” he said with a thin chuckle though his face was pale and his hand was shaking.
Zach waited another two beats for Barton to catch his breath, then continued, slower this time, letting Barton set the pace, ready to steady him should he falter. But his best man covered the remaining distance to the minister, across more level ground, without wavering.

The blessedly brief ceremony unfolded with no further problems. A slight breeze rose to cut the worst of the heat. The sounds of flute and oboe drifted across the yard, mixing with the responses of a few brave songbirds in the ringing foliage. In lieu of a reading selected by the couple (an omission noted with a little peevishness), the presider read St. Paul’s famous lines on love from First Corinthians. Then Isabelle and Zach spoke their lofty and near impossible vows before God and a hundred or so gathered witnesses, though it’s unlikely any more than a fraction of those witnesses heard their soft-spoken assertions and assents. Then they were declared husband and wife, Zach bent at the waist and Isabelle rose on tiptoes, and they kissed lightly before being hustled off to the “dell walk,” an azalea-lined stone path through the nearby manicured woods, to greet all the guests beginning to line up, then after the receiving line pose for the requisite hundreds of commemorative photographs.
By the time they completed these duties, the buffet mix of hors d’oeuvres and gourmet cheeses and sliced fruit and decadent sweets laid out on two tables in the middle of the lawn had been thoroughly decimated, but the newlyweds were handed a plate with a sampling of the fare that the caterer hurriedly salvaged when she realized the oversight. Zach sat on one of the folding chairs set off by itself at the crest of the hill and sipped on beer from a can (his third since the ceremony). Isabelle nibbled on a bite-sized cheesecake tart while standing beside him. Zach looked up at his new wife silhouetted by the low sun. She really was beautiful, almost angelic—how had he missed that till now? He allowed himself a long slow exhalation. It’s done, he thought.
But not quite. The caterer—the same woman Zach bartended for on occasion, a soft-spoken and fidgety woman of Old South lineage—appeared and took away Zach’s beer can and Isabelle’s plate of goodies, replaced them with glasses—real glass—of champagne, and herded them toward the three-tiered cake set up beneath a striped tent. After a few minutes of gathering the remaining guests and making sure all had a glass filled with either champagne or sparkling cider, the caterer nodded toward Barton and he stepped forward from amongst the crowd. Zach felt suddenly guilty that he’d somehow lost track of Barton over the last hour or so, totally forgotten about him. Would Barton forgive him? He assumed yes. But harder to say—could he forgive himself?
Barton strode confidently (where had his limp gone?) to a spot opposite them on the far side of the cake and raised his champagne flute. Its golden contents caught the golden light of the setting sun.
“Zach and Isabelle,” Barton began in a strong baritone of somber volume and cadence, “have spoken their matrimonial promises before God.” He paused, looked across the cake to them, and said in an impish voice just loud enough for them to hear, “I heard you, so don’t try to deny it.” Then he cast his eye back over the assembly and continued in his former oratorical tone and volume, “And for their boldness, we are bold to presume, or at least hope, that God has bestowed his blessing on this holy union. Compared with the Almighty’s blessing, all our efforts pale. Yet, inspired by Zach and Isabelle’s courage, their faith in each other and in the God that brought them together, we find the will to think that our actions matter, that we can make a difference. And in that hope, that nascent faith spurred on by this nascent union, we are bold to declare our blessing on this marriage, and stand ready to enforce that wish as long as we have strength and breath. Let us then raise our glasses in symbol of blessing, of Godspeed, of good fortune, on this new couple, Mr. and Mrs. Zachary Sandstrom.”

They arrived at their seaside condo at 4 AM after driving six hours along pitch dark two-lane roads and through the occasional deserted blinking-light town. They’d not passed an occupied car or seen another human for over an hour, and saw no living thing here despite the rows of three-story buildings receding into the night in both directions.
At first Zach couldn’t find the key that was supposed to be left under the mat. Then he spotted it, glinting in the crack between the walk and the condo’s siding. He slid the key into the lock and turned the knob. The door swung open. He stepped back to let Isabelle go first—no carrying her over the threshold, not at the end of this day. She stepped inside, flipped on the light.
Zach took a moment to look up and down the breezeway, then out across the rows of parked cars, the ocean-front resort asleep. He’d not thought about anything for the last several hours except that he hoped they arrived at their destination before he lost his battle with fatigue. Now safely arrived, he allowed himself the indulgence of a single thought that was really a wish: This is an appropriate way to start a married life—under the cover of dark. Then he stooped to grab their two bags and stepped into the condo.
