
Earning the Cut
Jayna Vixen

Earning the Cut
Published by Jayna Vixen at Smashwords 
Copyright 2013 Jayna Vixen
License Notes: This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Contents
Title Page
Copyright
Chapter One
Chapter Two 
Chapter Three
Chapter Four 
Chapter Five 
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven 
Chapter Twelve
Author’s Note
About the Author 
Other Works by Jayna Vixen

Chapter One
Hungry. That was the first sensation he could recall feeling. He was always hungry. Ravenous actually. Even when his stomach was full of whatever crap happened to be lying around after they were through he was still hungry. Like a dog, they only threw him the scraps. He was a half-starved afterthought. Just something to be tolerated. Even though he was young, the boy was old enough to understand that he was meaningless to them. Opening the fridge revealed a half-eaten pizza. He gnawed at it. It was cold and it tasted funny. His tummy gurgled a familiar warning so he stopped eating. Sometimes the stomachache that followed eating the funny food was worse than the hunger pains. Tired, he slumped down on the couch to wait for mommy. 
***
Laughter met his ears but it wasn’t funny. The room spun around and around. It wasn’t like when you twirled in circles. It was worse that that time on the merry-go-round. Oh, that time was a rare fond memory. But, the dizziness passed once they got off the merry-go-round. This time was much worse. The bad feeling wouldn’t go away. He felt sick, oh so sick. He threw up on the old brown couch. Mommy was there. He thought she would be mad at him, but to his surprise, she was mad at the man instead. She yelled and he covered his ears. It was hard to tell if she was mad at him too. She was always mad.
“You gave him beer? He’s only six!”
The man laughed again. His head hurt.
“That’s the last time I leave you alone with him, Trey!” 
***
They moved a lot so the schoolyard was always different, but the way he was treated never wavered. The other kids made fun of him. They pushed him around. They said his clothes were ugly. They called him, “Skunk,” ‘cause they said he stunk like one, too. He knew they were right. The other kids had new shoes with no holes in them. No dirt under their nails. They had shiny new lunchboxes filled with food. Sometimes, he had half a burger or some cold chicken nuggets from the night before. The red apples looked so good. He was so hungry. He tried to take one from Tommy Gill, ‘cause he had two, and Tommy pushed him. He fell in the dirt. A hole opened up in his patched, too-big jeans. His knee bled. The other kids laughed. They called him a loser and a reject. He wanted to fight back, but he was so tired. And weak. 
The classroom was warm, even though it was cold outside. There were desks to sit at. He had his very own desk! With a nametag and everything. D-A-X-T-E-R. It was his own desk. He loved it. Inside, there were books and pencils and paints and everything. He wanted to stay there, in the classroom with his own desk forever, but when the bell rang he had to go home. He dreaded the bell every day, even though the other kids seemed excited when it rang. He was confused by their behavior. Why would anyone ever want to go home? 
His teacher was pretty. She wore floaty dresses and she never yelled. But even though Mrs. Thomas had a kind smile, he was still wary of her. Sometimes when mommy smiled, she was not happy, she was mad. Mrs. Thomas smiled at him a lot. She ruffled his hair, even though he flinched when she touched him. He had to stay inside today, she said. No recess. He was in trouble and he was scared. No recess meant he broke a rule, but he didn’t know what it was. Breaking the rules meant a punishment. He had become quite adept at figuring out the rules. It was a survival instinct. But this time, he had no idea what he had done wrong. He looked down at his sneakers, his big toe poking out the front. He was too big, mommy said. He outgrew his shoes too fast. 
“Is everything okay at home, Dax?” 
He jerked his head up to look at Mrs. Thomas. Her belly was round and distended. She had a baby in it. He knew that, ‘cause mommy’s friend had a baby in her tummy too. Her name was Sheila. Sheila was nice, sometimes, but the last time he saw her she cried. She was upset ‘cause her belly was getting too big and she couldn’t ride the ‘cycle with Trey’s friend. Trey’s friend had a new Sheila, said mommy. Dax liked the ‘cycles. They made a loud, rumbly noise that was somehow comforting. You could just get on one, and ride away. Sometimes he wondered what it would be like to be big and ride one himself.
“Dax? Are you okay?” Mrs. Thomas’ voice sounded funny, like she was going to cry or something. He nodded mechanically, like mommy said to do. 
“Well, honey we are going to have to call your parents. We need to talk about some things. I want you to know that you have done nothing wrong. Dax?”
He started to shake, his thin shoulders rubbing against the frayed material of his borrowed coat. He had done something wrong. He glared at Mrs. Thomas. She wasn’t nice at all! She was going to get him in big trouble. Mommy wouldn’t like coming to talk to teacher. It was early. Mommy didn’t wake up until after he got off the bus. She didn’t like getting up early. It gave her a headache. She would be mad. Trey would be mad. He hung his head quietly, imagining the beating that would surely follow teacher’s phone call. 
***
They wouldn’t let him get on the bus so he waited in the office. Mommy came and she was really angry. She put on her smiley face, but he knew she was mad because her eyes were mad even though she was smiling. Even though she was angry, Mommy looked pretty. She had brushed her blond hair and she was wearing her good jacket and clean boots. He shuffled his feet and the nice lady showed him a place to sit and wait. He waited. His tummy grumbled. He could hear muffled voices coming from behind the closed door. He was afraid to listen. 
The nice lady in the office appeared. She looked worried, he thought. Or mad. He wasn’t sure; it was hard to tell. Loud, angry voices came from the principal’s office. Everyone was mad mad mad. His tummy grumbled again. Tears stung his eyes as the shouting increased. Mommy was angry. He would be punished. Trey would get his belt. The nice lady tried to put her arm around him and he hissed like a snake, lurching away as though her touch burned him. She took her hand away. The lady’s eyes were sad. She held out a cookie. He was scared to take it. Sometimes Trey would offer treats and they would make him sick. But, he was so hungry. Warily, he accepted the cookie with a shaky little hand. He ate it quickly, licking the crumbs from his dirt-tinged palm. He curled up in the chair and slept. 
***
Seeing the policeman had made him go wild, feral almost. The pigs would hurt you! Mommy and Trey hated the pigs and he did too. He struggled and screamed when the pig grabbed him. Teacher looked at him and he saw that she was crying. Mommy came out and she was crying too. 
“Daxter! You ungrateful little bastard!” She was loud and angry but she was also grabbing at him, trying to yank him from the policeman’s arms.
A wail issued from his lips as he was hauled bodily out the door. Where were they taking him?! “Mommy!” he cried. Another pig held mommy back. They took him away. They put him in a police car. He was going to jail where the bad boys went. He was bad. He was very bad. He had tried to be good, but the pigs knew he was bad. He was bad inside, like mommy said. He shook and cried, feeling the cool leather of the seat against his dirty cheek. 

Chapter Two 
Ten Years Later
“Mr. Jamison?” 
The voice was annoyed. As usual. Why couldn’t these teachers give him a break?! 
“Yeah?” He could hear the snickers of the damned jocks and nerds in the class as Mr. Jenner picked on him. Fuck! Jenner was always on his case. If it weren’t a condition of living with the Bodeckers, he would have bailed on school a long ass time ago. 
“The answer, Mr. Jamison.” Mr. Jenner challenged. 
“Which question?” He let boredom lace his tone, feeling a sense of satisfaction as Mr. Jenner bristled at his blatant disrespect.
“Eleven.” 
Dax stole a peek at his seat partner’s book, and noted which page was open. He flipped his own textbook open and took a cursory glance at number eleven. “X equals four.” 
Mr. Jenner looked surprised and Dax liked that. They always underestimated him. For some reason, he felt like that gave him an advantage. 
***
Home? What was that anyway? Dax got off the bus and paused to stare at the house he currently lived in. He had never felt comfortable in any place that was supposed to be his home. Bouncing from foster care to foster care had been tough. He had seen it all. No one wanted a lanky, half-grown kid who was always hungry. But now, he had been with the Bodecker family for two whole years. They were the first family that didn’t kick him back like a fish that wasn’t big enough for the take. At first, Dax figured they took kids in for the government stipend. Lots of foster families did that. 
It was him, an older girl, and two younger kids, twins, living in that house. Unlike the other homes they had tried to place him in, here he had his own room, up in the attic. As he grew taller, it got harder to stand up in there, but at least he had his own space. He liked that more than he would ever let on. He had learned early on that if you told your fake “parents” what you liked, they could use it against you. To manipulate you.
The Bodeckers were pretty strict. They made it pretty clear that he had to follow their rules or he would be out. Do your chores, go to school, keep your nose clean. At first, he balked at the rules. But, all in all, Dax had to admit, it wasn’t that bad. He got three meals a day, and Mrs. Bodecker liked baking too, so there were always cookies around. He accepted the cookies with a forced smile because he knew it would hurt the lady if he refused her overtures. He even choked a few down, trying to ignore the reflexive clenching of his stomach. He had learned it young: Never trust a person bearing cookies. Dax had decent fitting clothes and shoes. His hair was still long and unkempt, but now it was because he chose to wear it that way. Still, Dax knew that the clock was ticking. His seventeenth birthday was just around the corner. That meant one more year, and he would be on his own. Again. 
Dax smiled ruefully, remembering his first day in this house. He had been sullen, angry, and he was sure he had radiated distrust. The last three places the state sent him had been nightmares, chock full of the same abusive bullshit he had been yanked out of when he was a kid. He refused to tolerate it anymore. No, after the third place, he had vowed that no one would push him around again. So, he fought back, and he got sent back. Six times. Like a defective machine, or a stray dog that kept getting sent back to the pound, he was returned like so much junk. He became jaded, depressed, and harbored a silent rage that started to manifest on the schoolyard. Soon, he had a reputation. What a surprise, no one wanted him. Just like his mom used to tell him. 
What the hell was the point? He had entertained no hope of ever finding a tolerable living situation, so when the social worker’s car pulled up to a well maintained, three-story home with a porch swing and a picket fence, a jolt of irrational fear ran through him. The place was creepy in its normalcy. He met the wife first. Mrs. Bodecker was pleasant and calm, and she greeted him at the door with a smile and a freshly baked tray of chocolate chip cookies. Dax hesitated to eat them. He always had to choke down the first few bites of food offered by a stranger, especially cookies. It was an old problem. No place could be this perfect. There had to be a catch. But, it looked like there wasn’t. 
Mr. Bodecker seemed like a total square, but at least he wasn’t a Jesus freak or a mean drunk. Sometimes, Dax got an odd vibe from the guy but he had never done anything to invite distrust. The couple claimed that they trying to give back or some such, by helping out the disadvantaged. Over time, Dax figured out that Mrs. Bodecker couldn’t have her own kids, or something, so that was probably why she filled her house with everyone else’s rejects. No, that wasn’t fair. Of the four of them, he was the only reject. The twins were cute and everyone loved them. The older girl kept to herself. She was seventeen, and she knew she was on her way out anyway. Determined to have a better life than she started with, Rachel had applied to several colleges and with her grades and circumstances, she was sure to get in on full scholarship.
Dax sighed, looking at the pile of homework that sat on the small wooden desk. Of all the sparse furnishings in his attic hideaway, he liked the desk best. It was old, but it had lots of little drawers and places to stash things. He pulled out the bottom drawer and found a space behind it, just big enough to slide his notebook. No one knew he liked to write. He was sure they would laugh at him if they did. Stories of his past, verses that belied his teen angst, wishes and dreams that would never come to pass, filled the pages of his journal, written in harsh, black ink. Pushing his algebra book to the side, he started to shade in a familiar sketch: it was a bike. Not a bicycle, but a bike. A hog. A Harley Dyna, to be exact.
***
“Loser!” 
Dax was jolted from his midday catnap under a tree on the commons where most of the students ate lunch. A voice carried, like it was meant for his ears, but when he opened his eyes he could see that the hate-filled comments were directed at a scrawny freshman. He’d seen the new kid around. He was painfully thin, and his bony ankles were perpetually visible because his pants were a few inches too short. Kids like him always stood out to Dax. So did lost puppies and beggars. He felt a natural kinship with anything that seemed…uncared for. 
The bully was a jock, he was one of those privileged assholes who would never recognize how good he had it. The jock drove a brand new, lifted truck to school, and his shoes were worth more than Dax’s entire wardrobe. Even his name, Liam, sounded upper crust to Dax’s ears. As he watched, Liam pushed the new kid into the dirt as a couple of his buddies looked on, laughing. Before he was really even aware of what he was doing, Dax was on his feet, closing the distance between himself and the bully, his fists clenching with rage. 
The next thing he knew, they were pulling him off the jock. There was an odd roaring in Dax’s ears as he looked at the scene before him in dismay. Liam lay bleeding on the ground, curled in the fetal position. A half-circle of kids stood around them, most of their mouths open in shock. The new kid stared at him, a look of wonder and gratitude on his thin face. 
“Daxter Jamison, you are suspended!” The principal’s voice floated to him from somewhere through the white noise that seemed to cloud his brain. Fuck! There goes my life again, he thought hazily, knowing that the Bodeckers would not tolerate a suspension. Wonder where I’ll end up this time…. 
“That’s not fair!” A new voice cut in. “I saw the entire thing, Mr. Maxwell, and it was not his fault! Liam started it!” 
Dax looked to the speaker in surprise. No one had ever stuck up for him before. He blinked as his eyes found the source of the voice. He felt his own jaw drop as he assessed her long blond hair, blue eyes, and a body that could stop traffic. It was Trisha Wagner. The hottest chick in school. 
“No way, Mr. Maxwell! That asshole went apeshit on Liam…” one of Liam’s jock buddies cut in. 
“That’s bullshit and you know it, Avery!” 
“Miss Wagner, watch your language! Mr. Jamison, get your things and meet me in the office.”
Dax was mildly surprised when Trish grabbed the principal’s arm. Maxwell was looking for a reason to suspend him. The teachers complained about his attitude, and he had been called into Maxwell’s office more than once. Still, he managed to do just enough to avoid any real trouble. Dax liked his attic room and the weird sense of stability he was slowly allowing himself to feel. He liked those things too much to jeopardize them. 
“Mr. Maxwell! This is fucked up! It wasn’t his fault…” 
Hearing the f-bomb fall from her bow-shaped, innocent-looking mouth was a contradiction in itself. Trisha was a straight-A student with perfect attendance. Dax supposed her GPA was also in contradiction with her physical appearance. Trisha Wagner might have the body of a goddess, but she was no dumb blond. He knew these things because they announced them regularly-to keep the other sheep in line, he supposed. Trisha was hot but she wasn’t a slut, as far as he had heard. 
Dax wasn’t that interested in social gossip, but he thought he remembered that she had turned down Liam when he had asked her to one of the stupid dances or whatever. Dax tried not to stare as the pretty girl, in her tight jeans and sweater, glared at their principal. Her dad was someone too…someone important. Her family had money, that was obvious given her painted nails and her expensive shoes. He always noticed shoes. Dax rubbed his split knuckles absently. If she doesn’t like the popular rich, kid, why the hell is she sticking up for me?! 
“That’s it! If you care so much, Miss Wagner, you can join your friend Daxter here in detention for the next two weeks,” Maxwell said, exasperated. 
Trish gasped, then squared her shoulders. “Fine. But he shouldn’t be suspended. Liam was picking on that new kid. Dax just….intervened.” 
She shot him a shy smile, and a bolt of pure heat rocketed straight from Dax’s chest to his groin. He shifted, suddenly grateful for his too-big, low-slung pants. He had no idea she knew his name, or his nickname anyway. Trisha Wagner was a pretty girl he passed in the hall, appreciated for her face and form, and then passed on, knowing he would never have a shot with a girl like her. Or any girl. Dax hadn’t ever felt like he did now as he sized up Trisha Wagner from the corner of his eye as they shuffled to Maxwell’s office. She was beautiful. Her breasts jiggled underneath her white sweater, and his mouth went dry. That was the moment Dax Jamison realized that he was a man. And he wanted Trisha Wagner the way a man wants a woman…however that was. 
***
No one had ever looked forward to Monday detention the way Dax did that weekend. He nodded and tried to look appropriately cowed at the disappointed sermon he received from Mr. Bodecker, but he wasn’t really listening. He had dodged a bullet when Maxwell decided to forgo his suspension in favor of detention. Bodecker warned him that he wouldn’t tolerate fighting. Three strikes and he was out, just like a criminal. Chalk up strike one. 
Well, it was worth it to Dax. All he could think about was Trisha Wagner. Why on earth had she risked her squeaky-clean reputation to stand up for him? Her behavior made absolutely no sense. His mind was stuck on the girl. He couldn’t get her out of his damn head. Trish started to appear in his dreams and he was embarrassed to wake up covered in the sticky evidence of his nocturnal emissions. Sheepishly, he stripped the bed, and muddled through the school day. Dax smiled as he slipped into his seat for first period English. He completed his work quickly and accurately, much to the surprise of his teacher. For Dax, doing the work was a way to keep his mind occupied, and his raging boner down. 
He was on pins and needles when he showed up to detention. It was held in the school library—a place he had rarely set foot in. A flowery scent wafted to his nostrils and his whole body went on alert, as if his very cells could sense her presence before he even saw her. Dax shoved his hands in his pockets and tried to look cool, pretending not to notice her. Then, a hand jostled his arm, forcing his attention. He hoped she couldn’t see the perverted thoughts that were suddenly running uncontrollably through his fevered adolescent male brain. He swallowed, unable to look directly at her. It would be like staring at the sun. 
“What, no thank you?” 
Her voice was accusatory and he felt guilt wash over him. Dax froze until he finally met her eyes, and then he found himself breaking into a broad grin. Her hands were on her hips, her chin jutting obstinately with her mock outrage. Then, Trisha Wagner winked at him. And Dax fell hard. So hard. He never even knew what hit him until it was gone. 

Chapter Three
After the detention stint, Trish wasn’t about to lose momentum. She doubled up on the studying and volunteering. She was in a bunch of those silly clubs, like Save the Whales or whatever, but they didn’t seem so silly anymore. The girl wanted to be a doctor! To Dax, doctors were quacks who would give you a quick exam, pretend not to see the bruising on your ribs, and send you right back to another horrible fake family. But Trish, she wanted to be a pediatrician. Work with kids. Help them. It was yet another trait that drew him to her. That, and the searing physical attraction that he felt for her. Plus, she was good for him. He could only hope that if he became a better person, he’d be good enough for her. 
The look of disappointment on Mrs. B.’s face the evening he had waltzed in, high from his interaction with Trish in detention, had deflated him somewhat. He had received another long lecture from Mr. B., and instead of his usual sardonic response, he had nodded quietly, and agreed with the man. For the first time, Dax considered that Bodecker was right. He should be grateful for his opportunities. He would do better. He promised. And he did. 
Dax’s grades soared that year, much to the surprise of the faculty, student body, and his foster family. He was kind of surprised, himself. I’m not some dummy, he thought proudly, allowing himself a secret smile over his last report card. He was no valedictorian, but he went from straight C’s to B’s. Even though he was distracted as hell by her presence, it was hard not to learn around Trish. Her parents were strict and she wasn’t allowed to date or hang out much, but they let her have as much time as she wanted at the local library. He was beyond shocked when she asked him to join her there. Me study?! 
Dax felt more than a little ridiculous the first time he walked through the heavy glass doors of the library, his ratty backpack slung over his shoulder. But, anything was worth it to bask in the light that seemed to surround Trisha Wagner. Eventually, he came to like the library because it often housed the only person who seemed to genuinely take interest in him. Trish invited his company. She complimented him. She laughed at his silly jokes. A part of Dax’s heart that he had thought had died off long ago began to open and flower under Trish’s tutelage and attention. He felt more relaxed than he had ever felt. For the first time in his life, he felt like someone liked him. The real him. 
Even though things seemed to be working in his favor for once, Dax was slowly being driven insane. He had gone from a gawky, half-grown kid to an intense, brooding young man, all in the space of a semester. Even though he was still thin, and several inches shy of his adult height, the burning, possessive, carnal desires of a full-grown male had suddenly exploded in his body. He tried desperately to reign in his urges, and at times he had to feign confusion over a math problem because he couldn’t get the sexual images out of his head. He was learning to control his cock, but most of the time it seemed to operate with a mind of its own, stiffening at the most inopportune times. All he could think about was Trish’s smile and the way her skin might feel beneath his hands. Her scent drove him mad as they bent over their textbooks. He would do anything to be around her, even homework. 
She was worth it, though. Sneaking a glance at Trish, he could see that she was immersed in thought this afternoon. Her lower lip stuck out as she chewed the end of her pencil. For some reason, the sight of her small white teeth worrying the pink eraser sent a jolt of heat straight into his pants. He let out a low gasp as he lengthened to full mast right there in his jeans. Trish looked up questioningly, and he felt himself flush. There was absolutely no logical reason this beautiful girl should want to be his friend, so how could he assume she would want anything more? She was naturally smart, came from a good family, and with her looks, she could have her pick of the popular, rich jocks. 
Dax couldn’t just sit there, with telltale fluid beginning to leak into his boxers, so he stood up, shifting uncomfortably. 
“What?”
“Huh? Nothing.” He looked around, seeking a distraction from his raging hard-on. 
“Want to take a break?”
“Yeah, sure.” He was practically sweating with the mental effort it took to will his boner away as they gathered their books and headed to a small coffee shop next to the library. 
“Want something?” Trish gestured to the case of baked goods. 
Dax was starving. His body was on constant alert around this girl, and for some reason, he felt even hungrier than usual when he was around her. But, he didn’t have any money, and he didn’t want her to know that. “Nope.” 
“Well, I am. Split something with me?” 
Dax shrugged and looked away. He wished he had a few bucks. Trisha Wagner deserved to be taken out to fancy restaurants, and treated like a queen. He sank into one of the easy chairs and watched her order a snack. Her ass was so round and perfect in her expensive jeans. His breath caught as she looked over her shoulder at him, and smiled. When she smiled at him, it was like she saw him, the real him, straight into his soul, and liked what she saw. While part of him rejoiced at the idea, the rational part of his brain struggled with the notion that someone actually liked and accepted him. How could that be? Especially her?! 
An hour later, her phone buzzed. “It’s my Dad. He’s picking me up in a few minutes. Dax-I wish I could offer you a ride, but my Dad is a little…strict.” 
“No problem.” He hadn’t been expecting a ride. His bike was chained up next to the library. It was only a few miles to his house. Trish’s place was up on the hill, in the richest neighborhood in town. He would have been embarrassed for her to see where he lived anyway. It was nice enough for him, but compared to where she lived he was sure his place was a dump. 
They walked back to the library in silence. Dax wondered for the umpteenth time if she liked him. You know, like that. He was happy enough just to be around her, but he wanted more. So much more. 
“Hey, asshole! Gold-digging much?”
Dax’s head jerked up as a lifted truck with a custom exhaust pulled to the curb. Liam. And he wasn’t alone. Trisha let out a startled yelp as three jocks piled out of the truck and surrounded him. Yeah, he was outnumbered, but they were soft. Dax’s body had been hardened by years of abuse, so he didn’t even feel the first few blows. He fought dirty, seasoned by years in foster care, and he clocked one of them good, knocking him to the ground. Now it was two to one. He thought he could take them, but Liam’s buddy got him in a chokehold, and then Liam scored a swift kick to his stomach. His vision swam, and then someone started yelling for them to break it up. Through his hazy view, he could see the library security officer running towards them. Liam and the other kids piled into the truck and took off. Trish was by his side, and he spat onto the ground, pulling himself into a sitting position. 
“Oh my God, Dax! Are you okay?” 
He was embarrassed that they had taken him down, but as his vision cleared, he knew he wasn’t seriously injured. In fact, compared to the other beatings he had taken, this one was pretty mild. “Yeah. I’ve seen worse.” 
“Wh-what do you mean?!” She stared at him, genuine concern shining in her eyes mirrored by…tears?
“Are you crying?” he ground out, testing his ribs by turning side to side. 
“Well, of course I’m crying, Daxter Jamison!”
“Over me?” he whispered softly, wonder and disbelief evident in his voice. 
She stared at him for a timeless moment, and then suddenly, everything changed. Dax didn’t have to wonder if Trisha Wagner liked him any longer. No, the way she felt became pretty obvious when she threw herself into his arms right there on the dirty sidewalk, her soft breasts pressing into his chest. Then, her lips were brushing his, as gentle as a butterfly’s wing. Every ache and every pain dissolved beneath the feeling of her mouth on his own. He could taste the sweet honey of her breath and smell the salty tang of her tears. It was his first kiss, and it was magical. 
***
That was how her father found them. Entwined on the sidewalk, engaged in a carnal embrace. It wasn’t a good first impression. The blood on his hands probably didn’t help. 
“Trishelle Marie Wagner! What the hell are you doing with that boy?!” 
Her father was tall, and he looked pretty angry, but nothing could dissuade Dax from the explosion of love in his chest and the near-explosion of something else in his pants. Still, he had seen the look on Mr. Wagner’s face before. It was a look of barely-disguised disgust. The man looked him up and down as he rushed to them and helped Trish to her feet. She seemed reluctant to detach from him, but the frosty glare from her father compelled Dax to give Trisha a gentle push in his direction. She went, casting him a worried glance over her shoulder. Dax slipped into the shadows as soon as her back was turned.
***
Following a long, relieving shower that evening, Dax took a good look at himself in the mirror. He was taller than most of the boys at school. He wasn’t sure of his exact height, but he figured he was approaching six feet. His mother, whose image was permanently burned into his early memories no matter how hard he tried to erase it, was petite. So, his father must have been tall. He had seen a picture of his father once, but he had been sitting on a motorcycle, so it was hard to tell how tall he was. Dax stared at himself critically, taking in the series of scars on his forearms and chest. They were a roadmap of his life and the abuses he had suffered. He knew that the ones on his back were worse. At least he couldn’t see those. Maybe someday, he’d cover them up somehow.
Dax had inherited his mother’s white-blond hair and blue eyes. His hair was kind of spiky and unruly. He kept it a little long so that the length would prevent it from sticking out every which way. His chin was covered in light blond stubble, and he rubbed it absently. He was a skinny, half-grown kid from the wrong side of life. Was he good enough for Trish? He already knew he wasn’t good enough for her family. Dax sighed. Maybe it would be better to just stay away. As it turned out, his noble intentions did nothing to prevent their relationship…or the heartache that it eventually caused him. 
***
The Bodeckers didn’t give birthday gifts but each kid got a cake with candles. Dax wasn’t looking forward to the singing and attention. He was seventeen now. One more year to figure out what he was going to do after he aged out of foster care. His birthday had never been special. In fact, most often, it had been forgotten. He recalled the first time he realized that birthdays were supposed to be a big deal. It was first grade. Jimmy’s mommy brought cupcakes and everyone sang. Later, they did a craft where students cut out and decorated a cake with candles and wrote in their birthday for the wall. Dax was the only student who didn’t know his own birthday. 
The memories made him feel angry and resentful, but he smiled mechanically, blew out his candles, and ducked out with a lame excuse that he had to go to the library. An hour later, he and Trish were at school of all places. Underneath the football bleachers. Seeing her was the best gift he could have asked for. When she lifted her sweater over her head and unbuttoned her bra, his mouth went dry. 
“You don’t have to do this…”
“Dax, I-I want to,” she explained shyly.
Gingerly, he brought his shaking teenaged hands to the first set of tits he had ever laid eyes on. He brushed his thumbs over her nipples, his hands somehow knowing instinctively to be gentle, then insistent. He palmed her breasts, hefting them in his hands, feeling her nipples harden, hearing her gasp with surprise and delight. He looked at her, questioningly, and at her nod of assent, he took one rosy peak into his warm mouth, tasting the bud with his tongue. He was startled at the low moan that wafted to his ears, and he brought his head up to look at her. 
“Was that okay?” 
“Oh, God, Dax…please do that again.” 
Her voice was husky as she pulled his head down to her breasts. Dax was dizzy with emotion and physical yearning. He paused briefly, trying to remember if anyone had ever touched him this way, with love and longing rather than anger. He was so hard it hurt but he focused on her soft, breathy moans as he trailed kisses from her collarbone down to her nipples, then slowly ran his tongue to her navel. Dax was on fire, and his hands moved of their own accord, demonstrating the sexual dominance that was coming to life in his teenaged body. He touched her with a kind of male certainty, listening to her sounds and paying close attention to her body’s response to his touch. Before he knew it, he was rubbing between her thighs, feeling the damp heat that emanated from her core. Her legs fell open, and as he suckled her nipple rhythmically into his mouth, pressing the heel of his palm urgently into her through her leggings, she stiffened, and cried out his name. 
He stopped immediately, breathing hard, his erection throbbing painfully with his need for his own release. “I-I’m sorry…”
“Jesus!” she panted. “Don’t be sorry!” Trish peeked at him from beneath her heavily-fringed lashes. “Um, it’s your birthday but you gave me a gift. I never, um, did that before.” 
He smiled, a lazy, lop-sided grin that would later make all manner of hearts break. “So I made you, uh-”
“Come. You made me come. For the very first time,” she admitted. “Now,” she looked meaningfully at the obvious bulge in his jeans. “What are we going to do with that?” 
Dax swallowed hard. He didn’t want to force her to do anything she wasn’t comfortable with, and Trish said she had never seen a guy’s thing. Trish nodded at his desperate, questioning look, then waited expectantly as he knelt over her and slowly unzipped his jeans. At the time, Dax didn’t know that he was, well, big. Neither did Trish. They had nothing to compare him to. But it didn’t matter. Her eyes grew wide as he sprang out, fully erect, a pearly drop glistening on the tip of his virgin cock. 
He didn’t last long. When her small fingers wrapped around the hot, hard flesh and moved experimentally up and down, he gasped aloud, and a minute later, shot his load all over her hand. He grunted his pleasure, first embarrassed and then surprised as Trish, smart, beautiful Trish, grinned at him devilishly and licked her fingertips before wiping her arm on the grass. 
So began a whirlwind teenaged romance that lasted all the way to senior year. They were young, certainly, but they were in love. 

Chapter Four 
Dax had never pictured himself at prom. He had never pictured himself as an athlete either, but with Trish’s encouragement, he had reluctantly tried out for the surf team. Even though his secondhand board was waterlogged and full of imperfectly sealed cracks in the fiberglass, he was secretly pleased that he excelled at the sport. Darling had some decent waves but it was a long walk down a steep cliff very early in the morning to catch them. A few of the rich boys were on the team, but as he later found out, they weren’t so square. They would head out before dawn to catch an early morning session at the cove, and then spark up a couple of doobies on the way to class. A quick shower, and some Visine, and no one was the wiser. The weed calmed Dax; it enabled him to blot out the blatant insults and ribbing from the other jocks. If Trish noticed, she never said anything. 
Dax didn’t expect to like surfing. He had never really spent time on a beach. But, he found that he liked the sand beneath his bare feet and the sound of the water. Surfing was a strange kind of therapy for Dax. He liked the quiet that surrounded him when he paddled out, and the lonesome tranquility that permeated his soul when he waited for a set. He was alone out there, but he was one with some kind of energy that hummed through his body and mind. When he harnessed it, catching a wave with fluid grace, and riding it, he felt a peace he had never known. And when the water was choppy or rough, and he was tossed around like a ragdoll, he was able to truly let go, letting the elements take him for a ride, knowing that only the ocean knew where he would end up.
He got held down pretty good one time, but he didn’t panic, he just went limp, letting the powerful, heavy wave thrash his body until everything started to go white, then black. When he finally surfaced, heaving for breath, strangely exhilarated, he could hear the assistant coach calling his name as a lifeguard swam frantically to him. He was puzzled by their concern and somewhat frightened by his own desire to see what lay beneath the murky gray waters, beyond the darkness. After that day, there was a kind of camaraderie with the other guys on the team. A couple of them even started nodding at him in the hallway, and high-fiving him after a good session. It was odd, but for the first time, he felt like he belonged at school. 
Senior year was his golden year. Dax had grown a few more inches and had started to fill out a bit. Oddly, he started noticing appreciative glances coming from girls. Well, not just girls, but women too. Even some of his teachers were reacting to him in a different way. Dax couldn’t put his finger on it, but the little half-smiles and giggles he received from some of the female faculty seemed so wrong but so right at the same time. The attention didn’t go to his head, it just made him more aware of himself as a, well, a man. Due to his height and build, he supposed he looked older than he was, but he was still a kid in one way…he and Trish hadn’t done the deed. Everything but, but not that last thing, that thing that really made you a man. 
Dax let out a low hiss, wondering for the millionth time what it would feel like to have a girl beneath him, or on top of him even. He had seen dirty mags, of course, there were some stashed in the boy’s locker room. God, Trish was beautiful…there. Something about her scent and her taste drove him wild. He spent hours exploring her with his tongue, reveling in her breathy little moans and sighs, glorifying in that hot, wet rush that meant he had taken her to the moon and back. She was small, and so tight. He had felt the evidence of her virginity with his fingers, and even though she begged him to take her right there under the bleachers, he wanted her first time to be special. His too. 
Groaning, Dax pushed the carnal thoughts from his head and tried desperately to focus on his Spanish class. His teacher, Senora Seville, gave him a knowing glance and another one of those funny little half-smiles before turning abruptly back to whatever she was reading on her desk. He felt himself flush as he sneaked a peek around the room. Where all the guys this horny all the time? Dax felt like he was going to explode. How the hell was he supposed to concentrate like this! Ruefully, he eyed the bulge in his pants, willing his erection to subside. Down, boy! Penis control….something I gotta get a handle on! 
***
She wanted it as much as he did. Why else would she have risked her father’s wrath to sneak out of the house in the dead of the night? For the umpteenth time, Dax wondered if the scenario he had planned would feel special enough to finally go all the way. It was funny, but he supposed he was some kind of closet romantic. Maybe he was wise beyond his years, or maybe it was the fact that none of the other milestones in his life had been celebrated, but he really wanted this particular milestone to be something they both remembered…forever. At any rate, Dax was positive that no other horny high school kid would have cared so much about the setting, and it was starting to drive his girlfriend crazy. 
“Dax, I want you! These details, I mean, they’re sweet, but it’s me and you! No matter where we do, it will be awesome. I can’t wait much longer!” 
Trish had celebrated her birthday the weekend before. Her family had taken her shopping and out to dinner. He hadn’t seen her at all, but he certainly didn’t expect an invitation. He had no money and no car, but he hoped he could still offer Trish a decent gift by getting creative. The night was perfect for it too. It was warm and quiet, with a gentle breeze that was just enough to ruffle your hair. 
Dax pushed his hand through his spiky, white-blond hair awkwardly. He waited on the bench, his palms sweaty, wondering if she’d had the nerve to sneak out and the grace to get away with it. The closest bus to her house was still nearly a mile away, at the foot of the steep hill that wound up and over the rest of the town. Luckily, Trish had always been a good girl. There was no reason for her parents to suspect she wasn’t in her room studying or asleep. Dax checked his watch. The last bus came at 11:00 p.m. If she didn’t get there soon, his whole plan would turn to shit. 
Headlights glowed in the distance and he sighed. He had been half hard for days with anticipation. Just as the bus pulled up and the doors opened, Trish materialized beside him, a grin on her angelic face. 
“You look too sweet to be sneaking out, darlin,’” he grinned, unable to keep the smile off of his face. She looked good. So good. In her light blue sweatshirt, dark jeans, and her hair pulled off of her face, Trish was so freaking hot. Dax felt his heart clench in his chest. What did I do to deserve her?! 
“I wouldn’t miss this for the world,” Trish responded breathlessly. Her cheeks were rosy and the shy, yet eager look on her face belied her excitement. 
“Shall we?” He held out his hand and helped her step into the vehicle. It was no fancy sports car or limousine, but it would do. 
***
He hadn’t told her where they were going or what they were doing, just that she should wear sneakers. They exchanged anxious smiles as they sat huddled in the very last set of seats. There were a few others on the late bus, and he had to wonder where they were going. No one seemed to notice them, and he figured that was a good thing. 
“I feel so naughty!” Trish giggled nervously. 
He smiled. “That’s good. I like naughty.” 
“Dax!” she said, in mock outrage, punching his arm.
He gazed at her, feeling desire heat his blood as he pulled her into his lap. Tonight was going to be the best night of his life. 
***
When she saw the little set-up at the cove, he hadn’t been expecting Trish to cry. He held her hand as they walked down the steep hill, and then he directed her to take off her shoes. They walked in silence down the beach breathing the salty air. Then, Dax stopped and veered back up towards the cliff. 
“This way.”
“Um, okay,” she said, as he led her to a large rock and directed her to sit down. 
“Close your eyes ‘til I say, okay?” 
Obediently, she closed them, pulling her legs beneath her and folding her hands into her lap. Dax went to work, pulling the blanket from his backpack. In no time, he had the tattered comforter from his bed laid out and a few candles he had borrowed from the Bodecker’s kitchen lit up and stuck in the sand. The spot he had chosen was sheltered from the wind by a hollowed out section of cliff that came out into the sand almost like a shallow cave. He set out a little leftover cheese and crackers along with a half-bottle of wine Mrs. Bodecker had left sitting in the fridge. Finally, he pulled the daisies he had jacked from the neighbor’s garden from his backpack. They were slightly crushed, but he tossed them haphazardly onto the blanket. Not bad for a high school kid with no cash, he thought to himself. Then, he approached his girl, who perched on the rock, waiting expectantly.
Dax climbed up behind her. “Don’t open your eyes yet,” he whispered into her ear, knowing that his warm breath against her sensitive flesh would tickle. Sure enough, Trish let out a low gasp as he nuzzled the spot at the back of her neck, settling himself behind her on the boulder. He pulled her back into the protective circle of his legs and wrapped his arms around her, inhaling the scent of her shampoo. 
Dax closed his eyes for a few seconds, letting the security and comfort fill his soul. When he was with this girl, he felt connected to something, grounded. The wandering anxiety that seemed to pervade his body at other times receded into the background of his awareness. He didn’t need anything else when he was with her. “Okay,” he breathed. “You can look.”
The candles flickered against their sandy backdrop, illuminating the hollow rocky shelter behind it. The white and yellow daisies made little splashes of color against the blue blanket canvas. For a few agonizing moments, Trish said nothing. Nothing at all. He wondered if he had made a grave mistake. Maybe he should have pocketed some jewelry from the mall. Then he realized that tears were slipping down her cheeks. Dax jumped down from the rock.
“Baby, did I do something wrong?” 
“Dax…it’s just…I love you so much.” She launched herself into his arms, her mouth connecting with his so hard their teeth clacked together. She was a lot smaller than him, and he plucked her right off the rock, picking her up as though she were a child. Laying her carefully on the blanket, Dax kissed her reverently until she gasped, her blue eyes dilating with passion. 
“So, is this my birthday gift?” she asked huskily. “You?”
“If you want me.” The words held a lot of different meaning for Dax. Part of him still couldn’t believe that this smart, beautiful girl was attracted to him, loved him. He realized that other than Trish, he couldn’t recall anyone ever telling him they loved him. His heart swelled so much it actually began to hurt. 
“I want you, Dax. More than anything. I’ve never felt this way before…” Her hand snaked into his waistband, her fingers slipping around the hot, raging flesh that struggled in the confines of his jeans. “Looks like you want me, too,” she commented saucily. 
He could hear the smile in her voice mingling with wonder as she moved her hand slowly up and down, her thumb grazing the sensitive tip of his cock. Now, it was his turn to gasp. “Darlin,’ if you keep that up, this won’t go much farther,” he ground out.
“There’s something I want to do, Dax. Please?” 
Suddenly, she was on top of him, urging him to lie down on his back with a gentle nudge. Her hands went under his shirt, feeling the muscles there. “God, Dax. You have, like a man’s body.” 
The feel of her soft, small hands on his chest made him grunt with pleasure as she squeezed, testing the muscles there. Her voice floated to him. “I want you to close your eyes now. And don’t open them ‘til I say.” 
He nodded, unable to speak. It was hard for him, he realized, to obey her command. But, it was sexy too. He closed her eyes and nothing happened for several long seconds. Then, he felt her fingertips ghost down his belly, her nails leaving light trails of sensation. She traced the blond trail of hair that ran from just below his navel to disappear into his jeans. Then, her mouth followed the same path as her hands and he felt his buttocks squeeze involuntarily. 
“Darlin,’ what…” 
“Shh!” she silenced him. Dax lay there, quivering with anticipation as her hands went to the front of his jeans. 
Hearing his zipper being drawn down was an erotic torture all on its own. He was so hard he ached. Trish reached into his boxers and it was all he could do to avoid coming right there. Hazily, he recalled that night was supposed to be about her! It was her gift. He had planned to draw out her pleasure as best as he could in an attempt to make their first night of passion more memorable than a clumsy premature ejaculation. A girl’s first time hurt, and he didn’t want to hurt Trish. No, just the opposite. He wanted to make her scream his name over and over again. He opened his mouth to tell her so, that she needed to stop, or their night of passion would be over before it began. Before he could get out a single word, he felt her tongue on his cock, and he hissed with the novel feeling of pleasure. She hadn’t ever done that before.
“Wait!” he gasped, as his balls tightened against his belly. Then, her sweet, pink mouth engulfed him and he arched into her mouth, his hips working reflexively. 
“Jesus!” The feel of her warm, wet mouth sucking gently on the swollen head of his cock was his undoing. Dax cried out, his hands entangling in her hair. His orgasm rocketed through his body, starting at the tips of his toes and exploding into her mouth. He fell back, heaving with pleasure. Trish leaned over him, a grin on her face as she stuck out her tongue to collect a single pearly drop that lingered at the side of her innocent-looking mouth. How could she look so naive and seductive and the same time?!
“Now that we have that out of the way,” she said, straddling him, “we have all night to do everything else.” 
Dax raised a brow and her saucy comment. “Where did you learn that?!” 
“Let’s just say I’ve been doing a little online research.” Trish said, a blush darkening on her cheeks. “I want our first times to last.” 
At that, Dax laughed aloud, shifting so she was beneath him. He levered up on his elbows to stare into her eyes. The night was warm and the breeze was as soft as the sound of his own voice. “Take off your clothes, darlin’. All of them.” Her eyes widened at the dominant undertones lacing his command. Then, she obeyed. 
***
Dax could hardly recall getting home. He rode the early morning bus back with Trish and insisted she let him walk her back up the hill. He wasn’t satisfied until she signaled him by flashing her bedroom light. If he had felt protective of her before, his feelings had now increased tenfold. He made it into bed about forty-five minutes before the sun came up. Dax spread his comforter back onto his bed. The scent of their lovemaking lingered on the blue fabric and he felt himself hardening again as the smell of sex tickled his nose. They had done it twice, but it wasn’t enough. He wondered if he would ever get enough of that feeling of sinking into a woman, taking her body, making it his. The look on her face when he had thrust home, feeling the thin barrier yield, and capturing her yelp of pain in his mouth to kiss it away, had changed him. He was a man now. 
***
Trish was applying for colleges, and as usual, he accompanied her to the library while she wrote her essays and the like. He snorted derisively when she plunked down a set of applications in front of him.
“Come on, girl. Me? College? It’s not for me, darlin’.” 
“Dax, these are for community colleges. You can get financial aid. There’s one in every city, near the colleges my Dad wants me to apply to.” 
“Yeah, but what’s the point? I don’t really see myself becoming a fuckin’ stockbroker or whatever.”
“Well, what are you going to do? I mean, I’m going to be in school for a really long time, Dax. I’m going to be interning and studying. I think you need a plan, at least.”
He felt his jaw tense. Trish was his light, his sun, his everything, but sometimes she had a tendency to make him feel, well, dumb. He had no plans. In fact, part of him figured that the last year had been nothing more than an amazing dream. He was terrified that he would wake up one day and find out that he had been in a terrible accident or something and that everything that had happened was nothing but an injury-induced fantasy. Dax shrugged, looking away. 
“Could you at least just fill one of these out?” She shoved the pile of applications at him.
“Fine.” Dax shoved the pile of paperwork into his backpack and forced a smile. “I gotta go, darlin’. I’ll catch you later.” He spent that afternoon holed up in his attic room, the applications strewn carelessly on his desk, planning their next sexual encounter. 
They met every few nights, and one time they even did it at her house when her parents were both at a weekend conference. 

Chapter Five 
Man, he was restless. Dax looked in the mirror and wasn’t sure who he was looking at. The same blue eyes, spiky blond hair, and wise-beyond-years demeanor stared back at him, but he didn’t recognize himself. It was as if his relationship with Trisha Wagner was starting to transform him into a completely different person. Who was that person? He had no idea. Apparently, Trish wanted that person to be a college boy with a plan. A prickle of discomfort rippled through his chest. Suddenly, he wanted to punch something.
The trellis that climbed the side of the house made for a nice ladder, as Dax had discovered the very first night in the Bodecker’s place. After lights out, he was on the street, heading for the strip; a small stretch of road downtown that bordered the next town. Dax wasn’t sure what he was looking for, but he found a welcome distraction from the inner restlessness and internal disquiet that threatened his fragile sense of security. 
***
The row of bikes outside the place drew him immediately, like moth to flame. Dax didn’t remember much about his father, but from the vaguely recalled comments and the few old photos he had seen, the man had obviously been in a motorcycle crew. The door opened and a slew of women spilled out into the dimly lit street. Dax stuck his hands in his pockets and tried to look inconspicuous but he couldn’t help but stare as the little slice of light gleaming from the slowly closing door offered him a glimpse of pool tables and men in black leather vests. Raucous laughter floated out into the night air before the heavy door silenced it. 
Dax looked down at his hands and realized that they were shaking. In fact, his whole body was trembling with a strange feeling of familiarity and recognition. He had always struggled with his identity and he had never felt at ease in his own skin. While the image of himself as a college boy remained faded and out of focus, the notion of being a badass biker, an outlaw, seemed to fall over him seamlessly, like a comfortable leather jacket. He could almost smell the exhaust, could practically hear the rumble of an imagined tailpipe as he stood there, frozen in thought outside of a seedy biker bar. 
“Hey, cutie! You lost?”
The voice was husky, adult, and female. The sound snapped Dax out of his bizarre reverie. He shoved his hands into his pockets and shook his head, ducking his gaze to avoid their attention. 
“Come on, honey. I don’t bite…much!” 
A peal of tipsy laughter followed her suggestive statement. Stung, Dax pulled himself up to his full height and realized that he towered over the three women who leaned casually against the brick wall taking long pulls of their cigarettes. His eyes widened as his they wandered over the tight shirts, overflowing cleavage, and red lips. The three females who stood there were significantly older than him, but he caught the furtive, appreciative glances they exchanged before turning their collective attention back to him. 
“How old are you, baby?” a woman with stark, red hair queried.
“Old enough.” 
His response elicited another round of laughs, which irritated the hell out of him. 
“For what, baby?” She emphasized the word, “baby,” almost like she was calling him one. 
Dax had the distinct impression that these drunk biker broads were making fun of him. And he didn’t like it. Not one bit. He felt a surge of something raw, male, and dominant fill his body as he squared his shoulders. A cocky, lopsided grin came out of nowhere and settled on his face like it had always been there. His eyes narrowed and one eyebrow lifted to form a condescending expression he wasn’t aware he had in him. 
“Darlin, a used up whore like you won’t ever find out.” 
A screech of outrage followed his swift departure down the dark alley, and a beer bottle whizzed by his ear to shatter against the wall. 
“Fuck you!” 
Dax smiled to himself, half-expecting the three of them to run after him and pummel him with their heeled leather boots. He supposed if that happened, his best bet was to try to outrun them or take a beating. He wouldn’t hit a chick. No way. Not even if she was a trashy fucking harpy like the ones he had just taken leave of. He made it to his rusty old Schwinn and hightailed it home, but the experience sat heavily in his mind for the next few days. He couldn’t stop thinking about that place, and the people inside it. What kind of lives did they lead? Did they ride from town to town? Did they have a clubhouse? Like an itch inside his brain that he couldn’t seem to scratch away, the pesky thoughts accumulated until he was downright obsessed. 
***
“Dax!” 
“Huh?”
Trish sounded totally exasperated. “You seem like you’re a million miles away lately.”
“Sorry.” He was starting to feel like nothing he did pleased her anymore.
Trish changed her tone, perhaps picking up on his growing sense of detachment. “Look, I know things have been crazy lately…”
He looked at her, a silent challenge in his eyes. “Crazy? I guess you could call it that.” 
“Well, what would you call it?” 
He shrugged. 
“Dax, what’s bugging you? Just tell me! You-you’re not the same lately.” 
“Not the same, or not turning into the guy you want me to be fast enough?” The words just spilled out of his mouth even though he had been afraid to address this particular topic. Dax could hear the hurt lacing his own voice as he watched the surprise and defensiveness flash across Trish’s face. 
“That’s not fair! I want you to be happy…”
“I’d be happy if we didn’t have to sneak around all the time.” 
Trish sighed, her hand dropping to her sides. “Dax, you know my parents are super strict…”
“We’ve been together almost a year, Trish, and you still haven’t told them about us.” 
“Look, things will be different soon! I’ll be able to do what I want once I’m out of that house, you know that, Dax!” 
He shrugged. “I want to be with you, darlin’. You know that I do. It just seems like we are going in opposite directions. I don’t know if I’m the right guy for you…or your family.” Oddly, images of that biker bar flashed in his brain, mingling with a memories o a faded photo of his father…
Family was important. If he had one like Trish’s, he sure as hell wouldn’t jeopardize it. He couldn’t expect her to just drop them the minute she went off to college, and he knew that no matter what he achieved or became, her daddy wouldn’t ever accept him. He had seen Mr. Wagner a few times since that fateful evening outside the library, and each time, the man had been polite but the disdainful look that he tried to hide didn’t escape Dax. He had seen that look before. Wagner despised him. 
Trish looked so dejected, standing there, chewing on her bottom lip. He noted that she didn’t argue with him about not being right for her and it hurt. A lot. He tried to affect a nonchalant attitude. “Later, darlin’.” He kissed her on the mouth, intending a short but sweet peck. The same thing happened that always did when he put his mouth on her. Desire, hot and heavy, exploded in his veins, and he pulled her hard against his chest. 
“Dax!” she gasped, arching into him like her life depended on his touch. His hands were under her shirt, tugging at her nipples just the way she liked it. Her hands slipped inside his jeans, stroking him to full erection right there behind the building. They wrapped up in each other, oblivious to their surroundings, when the teacher on duty poked her head around the corner and let out a loud, shocked gasp. 
***
Busted. In every sense of the word. It was Dax’s second strike. Bodecker wasn’t happy but to his credit, the man didn’t even raise his voice. His foster father worked at a steel mill, and Dax knew that the man wasn’t about to take the afternoon off to deal with his wayward fake kid. He’d have to explain himself when he got home, and the chores would be layered on thick. That was the drill. No big deal. Not so for Trish. Before Maxwell had finished lecturing them, her father showed up in a suit and tie, his face red with anger. Dax watched as the principal overtly tried to placate the man. Dax bristled with tension as Trish’s dad tossed a few lawsuit threats at Maxwell for failing to ensure that the school had adequate supervision. When Mr. Wagner roughly grabbed Trish by the arm, Dax couldn’t stop himself from standing up after she squeaked from the rough handling. 
“Sir, please. This is my fault.” 
“Well that’s pretty obvious, Mr. Jamison. Now, get out of my way, and stay away from my daughter.”
“Daddy…”
“Don’t you start in Trishelle. Do you think this is how I wanted to spend my day? Having my business luncheon interrupted to pick up my daughter for acting like a whore in school?!” 
Dax stiffened. “Don’t talk to her like that. This isn’t her fault…” 
Mr. Wagner turned, staring into Dax’s eyes, as though he was willing him to back down. Dax didn’t. Instead, he felt a surge of dominant fire running through him, heating his blood. He felt himself swelling up with competitive male aggression. It didn’t occur to him that he was a kid and Wagner was an older man. Dax’s eyes fixated on the hand that gripped Trish so brutally and his jaw tensed. Unbeknownst to him, although he didn’t really move, the corded muscles beneath Dax’s tee shirt had started to bulge, his stance had shifted slightly, and his eyes had narrowed. He took a step towards Wagner, his posture emphasizing that while the man had years on him, Dax had height. And rage. 
“Take your fucking hands off of her.” Each word was enunciated in a carefully controlled manner, but inside, Dax battled a violent, red haze that threatened to take him over, that incited him to do some very bad things. 
Mr. Wagner stopped in his tracks, a grim smile on his face. “Are you threatening me, you little pissant? You’re just some gutter trash throwaway, not fit to lick my fucking boots. Now listen, and listen good. Stay the fuck away from my daughter, or you’ll be sorry.” 
The red tide bubbled up and over. His hands clenched into fists by his sides and his jaw twitched dangerously. Dax took another measured step forward, imagining his hands wrapping around Wagner’s throat, squeezing until he shut the fuck up permanently. There was a dull roaring in his ears, blotting out most of the sound in the room. Dimly, he heard Trish’s voice. Like a siren song cutting through the mist, her desperate plea reached him, lured him, and gave him pause for one brief second-a second that most likely prevented him from ruining the rest of his life. 
“Dax! No!” She sounded so sweetly haunted. His vision cleared momentarily and he saw that her father had released her arm, stepping in front of Trish to face Dax. 
Then, the principal stepped between them, becoming a wholly unexpected ally. Maxwell pushed Dax into his office and hastily kicked the door shut with his foot. “Don’t do it, kid!” he hissed. “That man has more money than half the town. He’ll have you thrown in a cell somewhere and you won’t get out for a decade. Daxter! Are you listening to me?” 
Dax was disoriented and full of an aggressive, angry energy that literally compelled him to violence. He whirled involuntarily, putting his fist clear through the thin wall of Maxwell’s office. The shock jolted him back to reality. His vision cleared more when a searing pain shot down his wrist. He pulled his hand from the hole in the wall and turned to Maxwell, who suddenly seemed so much smaller, and weaker than before. The principal put his hands up in a placating gesture. 
“Calm down, kid.” His voice was steady, confident that Dax would obey his command to relax. He seemed to know not to touch Dax-that the contact would send him into a spiral of adrenaline and violence. Instead Maxwell gestured to the chair opposite his desk and then took a seat himself, waiting for Dax to gain control of himself. 
Breathing hard, Dax pushed his uninjured hand into his hair as a painful throb began to beat in his right fist. What the fuck just happened?! He had lost control. Big time. Even as he struggled to rein in his turbulent, raw emotions, Dax knew instinctively that he needed to learn to keep himself in check. He had been holding things in for so long and that was dangerous. Dax shook his head, trying to clear the remaining fog from his brain. Goddamn it. I am so fucked now. 

Chapter Six
It was nothing short of a miracle that he wasn’t expelled. For some inexplicable reason, Maxwell seemed to take his side. He didn’t even get in trouble for the busted wall. Dax gathered that Maxwell didn’t like Mr. Wagner very much. The Wagners were privileged. Trish’s dad came from old money and he had an entitled attitude where he just expected everyone to do what he wanted. It was pretty obvious that he wanted Dax kicked out. But, Maxwell stood his ground, citing that although his behavior with Trish had certainly been inappropriate, Dax hadn’t violated any of the school’s rules. By a hair. If Maxwell hadn’t intervened, Dax would have ripped Wagner’s throat out and all three of the men involved in the altercation knew that. 
Dax was grateful that he had been given a pass so he tried to play by the rules. He went to class, but his attention and interest waned sharply when Trish didn’t show up at school. She didn’t call. She just…disappeared. At home, Mr. Bodecker gave him a ridiculous, bullshit lecture about abstinence and hormones. Just because you ain’t getting laid, don’t mean I gotta be a freaking monk! 
Still, he managed to hold himself in check. It was like his own personal quest to reign himself in to prove to himself that he could do it. A few weeks went by. He was going crazy with his need to see her. Dax also wrestled with his own concern. He knew that most kids didn’t go through what he had endured as a child, but Mr. Wagner had been really angry at Trish…because of him. Would her father yell at her? Hit her? Worse? Dax was having trouble sleeping at night. Each day at school, he waited with a growing desperation to see with his own two eyes and assure himself that she was okay. She was out of school for a week, and then the weeks became a month. 
Finally, Dax couldn’t take it anymore. He had been on his best behavior for what seemed like an eternity. One night when the moon was ominously full, he crept down the trellis and biked up the long hill that led to her house. His legs pumped like pistons, and his chest heaved with the effort, but he didn’t stop until he was sweating like a gorilla right outside Trish’s window. Her light was the only one illuminating the mansion she lived in. 
Recalling the silky strands of long, blond hair that he had run his fingers through so many times, Dax was reminded of Rapunzel and her tower. Rapunzel’s tower was different from Trish’s however. While Rapunzel had no way to get in or out of her prison, Trish’s had a strong lattice of ivy that stretched from the ground to the balcony supporting the very window she studied beneath. He could see her silhouette as she bent low over her textbook. Dax took a deep breath, and then began to climb. 
***
“Dax! You shouldn’t be here!” Trish looked nervously over her shoulder as though she expected the cavalry to burst in at any moment. 
“I had to see you. Are you okay?” He pulled her to him, running his hands over her back, her ribcage, inspecting her face, in a way that may have seemed tender but in reality he was checking her for signs of abuse. Dax nearly sighed with relief when he found no evidence of tender spots or bruises. 
Trish shivered under his perusal. “I’m fine.” 
“Where have you been?” 
She looked away. “Home study. My dad pulled me out of school.” 
“For how long?”
She looked away. “Until graduation.”
“What the fuck? Are you serious?”
“Shhh! My parents’ room is just down the hall!” 
Dax tried to tug her into his arms. He wanted, no needed the reaffirmation that her touch always provided. Trish pulled away, jerking out of his grasp as though his touch burned her. Her rejection cut him deep--much deeper than he cared to admit. He released her immediately, feeling bereft. “You don’t want me to touch you?” His voice was hushed and somewhat accusatory. The low volume partially disguised the anxiety he was unable to hide quite successfully.
Trish was visibly anxious; the tension rolled from her in waves that seemed to reach up and slap him right in the face. Dax was young and inexperienced with the kinds of decisions people with choices and opportunities made. Even though he couldn’t quite see how he fit in her life, he still wanted her. He knew what she was going to say before she said it. He also knew why, but her words still hurt him. Hurt was not something he allowed himself to feel for very long. 
“I just need a little more time, Dax. I think it’s best if we don’t see each other right now.” 
“What the fuck does that mean? We’re done?” Now he was angry. Anger was better than pain. He could tell Trish was upset too, torn maybe. Still, she was the one throwing away what they had. She had no right to be angry. 
Trish’s shoulders sagged. She looked like she had the weight of the world on her shoulders. There was a long silence. “I don’t want to be done.” When she finally looked at him, her eyes were filled with tears. “But, I don’t have a choice. At least, not right now.” 
He was pissed off and utterly confused. “Why?” 
He could hear the hurt and betrayal in his own voice, and he was more angered by that than he was at the fact that she was throwing him away. Just like everyone else had. Dax realized that he had never totally opened up to Trish. In retrospect, he supposed that there was an emotional barrier of some kind in place that prevented him from doing so. Now he was glad he hadn’t made himself vulnerable to more hurt. It may have been the fact that she could never understand, it may have been his own muddled sense of worth and blurry self-identity, but whatever it was had stopped him from telling her about his childhood. She didn’t-couldn’t-know how much her behavior felt like a betrayal.
“It’s either you or school, Dax. If I…if I see you again, my dad won’t help me. Med school is expensive. It’s my dream. You know that…” she trailed off as he turned away and made for the open window. 
“Dax!” 
He paused. “There’s nothing left to say. I won’t stand in the way of your dreams.” 
“Dax…” he could hear the sorrow in her voice and it gave him pause. 
He hesitated only a minute before stiffening his spine and slipping back out the open window, hearing her breath catch in a stifled sob before he ghosted down the trellis. Wrong choice, darlin’. It hurt, being kicked to the side of her future like so much trash. But, somewhere within Dax, he knew he would never feel right about holding the girl back. Trish was smart and she had options. She was meant for more than a small town life. Her daddy was right. He was just some gutter trash masquerading as a fucking frat boy wannabe. It wasn’t him. It had never been him. And it never would be. 
Dax felt his emotional defenses, ones that he had thought were weakening, going back up with a vengeance. Even though he knew he could never trust Trish again, he would always want her in that primal, possessive way that a man wants the first woman he fucks. He would never admit it, to her or to himself, but if Trisha Wagner changed her mind, he would take her back in a second. 

Chapter Seven
Without Trish as his anchor, Dax felt like he was spiraling out of control. First, his motivation to do his homework disintegrated. Then, he stopped attending class altogether. Morosely, he dragged his old, waterlogged board to the beach and repeatedly surfed the small break right in front of the hollowed out spot where he had lost his virginity. Dax let himself get held down again and again, letting the air bubble out from his lungs until the black nothingness crept in and took away his pain for a few seconds. A big part of him wished he could just let it happen, let the awesome force of the ocean take him all the way to the point of no return, but the part of him that wanted to live always stepped in at the last second, clawing his body to the surface to take big lungfuls of air.
Dax had never known who he was. For a brief moment in time, he had a chance at a different life, a life that had been defined and dictated by Trisha Wagner. That life was just a faded memory now. He had woken up from the dream and his reality was now ever more harsh and bleak. He nipped into Mrs. Bodecker’s wine nightly. The alcohol helped him sleep. He was pretty sure she knew about it, but she didn’t say anything. He didn’t care if she did. 
Even though he yearned for his first love, and missed the pleasure of a female’s attention, Dax promised himself that he would never let another skirt dictate his behavior, ever again. Women were more trouble than they were worth. He still ached for and desired the feel of soft skin and hair. He had tasted the sweet ambrosia that lay between a girl’s legs and he was seriously addicted to fucking. What guy wasn’t? Of course, he craved sex because sex distracted him from his own feelings of self-loathing and worthlessness. When he was balls deep in a female, feeling the unique way she responded to his touch, and learning the secrets that allowed her to find her way to climax, he was able to forget the pain of his current reality. 
Dax met some of the bad girls from school, the girls who were so very like him in their method of using sex to distract themselves from their inner angst. He fucked them, yes, but he also made sure they enjoyed themselves immensely. He was all passion and dominant male possession when he fucked. His aggressive, yet passionate technique made for a lot of broken hearts, but he had grown too aloof to care about anyone else’s feelings. He left them, every one of them. Even the super hot ones. ‘Cause the last thing he wanted was another girlfriend. He had a lot of sex. He smoked a lot of grass. Before he knew it, he hadn’t been at school for a month. 
***
Just like the first time, it was wholly unexpected to find an ally in Maxwell. Dax was surprised to find out that his principal could catch a wave. Usually, there was no one else out that early. He had figured out how to ride his bike while securing his board under his arm. After it became more and more weighted from the water trapped inside, Dax just found a place at the beach to stash the behemoth. It was there every morning, waiting for him, like a silent partner in crime. The Bodeckers thought he was at school so no one was the wiser. Usually, the sun was barely rising as he paddled out. Despite the frigid water, he was drawn to the early morning hours, seeking the solitude and power that could only be found in the ocean at that time. When Dax came ashore an hour later, exhausted and sated, too tired to deal with his own turbulent emotions, he became aware that he wasn’t the only one on the beach that day.
The lone figure paddled out on a longer board. Most of the other guys on the surf team had scoffed at longboarders. Dax recognized that the other surfer was an older guy, though. As he watched from his vantage point on the sand, the old man caught several waves, walking his nose like an expert. Dax had to admit it; he was impressed. Until the other man rode a nice wave to shore and then made a beeline for Dax’s towel. 
“Daxter.” 
“Maxwell.” 
“Haven’t seen you around in school.” 
“Haven’t been there.” 
“I noticed. Dax, is everything okay?”
Dax could feel that the man genuinely wanted to help him, but even so, he let his distrust and melancholy take over. “Everything is as it always has been.” His voice sounded gruff and harsh to his own ears. He fumbled in his backpack for his lighter. 
“Look, Dax. I know things have been rough, okay. I want you to know that…well, that I believe in you, kid. I think you could really be something. You know, overcome your circumstances.” 
“How’s that?” His affect was bored and aloof as he rummaged in his ripped, blue bag. “What exactly do you see me becoming? Doctor? Lawyer? Engineer?” 
Maxwell sighed. “Look, kid. I get it. You were dealt a bad hand. But you’re smart, Dax. Don’t let Wagner and his influence fuck you out of your chance for a better life.” 
Dax had never heard the principal swear before. As he regarded Maxwell somewhat suspiciously, Dax realized suddenly that of the two of them, he was the more dominant. “My life is perfect, Maxwell.” Dax sparked up a joint, taking a long pull and exhaling right in the principal’s face. To his credit, Maxwell didn’t react at all, other than to shrug away the look of disappointment that appeared fleetingly on his face. 
“Shouldn’t smoke, kid. Causes cancer.” Maxwell stood then and looked up the cliff, presumably to where he had parked his car. “Look Dax. If you want to come back to school, “I’ll look the other way in terms of the last few weeks. You can still graduate. Okay?” 
Dax shrugged again, welcoming the numbing sensation that his hand-rolled chronic wrapped around his brain. He stared out into the horizon, getting lost in the mesmerizing blues and greens coupling with the shards of sunlight that glinted off of the murky depths. After a time, he checked back in and realized that he was alone. Maxwell was gone. 
***
Dax was barely keeping himself in check at home. He snuck out every morning and either hit up the beach or the park during the day. He had his two strikes and Mr. Bodecker had made it very clear that if he fucked up again, he’d be out on his ass. The thing was, Dax just couldn’t make himself follow the rules anymore. He bent them, stretched them, and eventually he blatantly ignored them, but he managed to avoid getting in trouble for a while. Report card time had occurred when he had actually been attending school. All that was left was the end of spring semester and then graduation. Fuck it. He could never picture himself walking across the stage in that ridiculous cap and gown, smiling and shaking Maxwell’s hand like he had done him a good fucking turn. Fuck that! 
Dax made a point to return to his place of residence before his fake folks got in from work. He showered the sand and lingering aroma of weed from his shaggy, white-blond hair and tried to look presentable at dinner. Luckily, the Bodeckers weren’t much for conversation, at least not with him. Mr. Bodecker spent lots of time discussing Michelle’s college aspirations and Kathy seemed to avoid looking at Dax altogether, choosing to direct most of her attention on the twins. Dax was like a stranger in his own home. Not that it felt like his home. These were feelings that he had always had. 
Despite all the pot he smoke during the day, The feelings of restlessness that seemed to pervade his soul prompted him to develop a serious case of insomnia. Dax smiled ruefully. His meager allowance from mowing the lawn was recycled into more grass. He quite liked the irony of that. As was customary, Dax waited until it was lights out. The house became quiet and still around 9:00 p.m. Like clockwork. So, like clockwork, he stowed his journal back in his desk and slipped out into the night, seeking anything to soothe the frustrating disquiet in his soul. 
He knew that biker bar was bad news but something about the place felt familiar. Dax found himself loitering in the alley in the dead of the night. The faint smell of trash and a lonely meowing noise emanated from a nearby dumpster. He tilted his head back, leaning against the cold brick and sighed. He was looking for trouble and he found it with an ease that suggested the trouble had been lying in wait for him all along.
“Well, well. Look who’s back.” Her voice was laced with obvious irritation, but interest too.
Dax fired up his joint and regarded the broad with cool indifference. It was the same chick from the first night he had ended up here outside of Lenny’s. She was older than him, but actually Dax saw that she wasn’t as haggard as he had originally thought. Nope, actually the broad was kinda doable.
“Share a toke?” She reached out for his doobie. Her nails were painted black. 
He shrugged, offering her a drag. She exhaled slowly, letting the white smoke out in a practiced breath. A rumble signaled the arrival of a bike and Dax watched as a stocky guy with a goatee parked it and unstrapped his helmet. Then, he helped his female passenger dismount, sweeping the girl into his arms for a lusty kiss. They headed for the front door and the guy smacked the chick’s ass, making her squeal. He slipped his arm around her, and they entered the bar together. A stifled sniffle redirected his attention to the girl next to him. 
He offered her the joint again, wondering what had occurred to make her cry. She wiped a lone tear from her cheek and smiled gratefully, taking the hand-rolled joint from him. “Am I-am I really that used-up looking?” she asked softly, echoing his comment from several weeks before. 
“Nah. You’re pretty hot, actually.” The lazy, flirty grin he shot her felt so comfortable on Dax’s face that he was hardly aware that it was a new expression. 
“You’re pretty cocky for a kid.”
“Do I look like a kid?” he countered, straightening up to his full height. He was at least a head taller than she was.
She looked him up and down, sizing him up. He caught the appreciative widening of her eyes as they roved over his muscled chest and finally settled on his face. She looked into his eyes for a second before flushing and looking away. “No. Not at all, actually. You could pass for 21, easy. But, if you weren’t a kid, wouldn’t you be inside the bar, instead of lurking around in the alley?” 
“Hot and smart. What’s your name, darlin’?” 
“Penny.” 
“Dax.” 
They shook hands, and she giggled awkwardly. “I like your name. It’s different.” 
“You’re even prettier when you smile, Penny.” It was weird-how natural it felt to assert himself with chicks. Lately, Dax felt older and more self-assured…more confident all around when it came to girls. Maybe his masculine assertiveness was limited to his dominant sexuality, though. Deep inside, he couldn’t deny that he still suffered from a shitstorm of insecurities. 
Penny blushed. “Um, thanks.” She looked at him again. “Yeah, you definitely don’t seem like a kid, Dax.” 
“Not a baby then, huh?” he teased, letting her know that he also recalled the comments that were made several weeks before. 
She blushed harder. “Hey, I’m sorry about that. We were kind of drunk, I was being a bitch I guess.” 
Dax shrugged. “So, Penny. You’re no kid, either. Why are you out here in this alley with me when you could be inside yourself?” 
Penny’s shoulders sagged. “I guess you could say I’ve been demoted.” At his confused look, she continued. “I used to be an old lady. I guess now I’m just a Phantom stalker.” 
“A what?”
“You know, The Phantoms? They’re the crew that hangs out at this bar. I used to be with one of them.” She sighed heavily. “Listen, Dax, you’re easy to talk to and you seem pretty cool. But, you’re young. You have your whole life ahead of you. Don’t get mixed up with these guys. It seems like a glamorous lifestyle, but it isn’t.” 
Dax raised an eyebrow as she straightened her shoulders and pulled her jacket more closely around her cleavage. 
“Thanks for the toke. See you around…kid.” 
He smiled at the affectionate way she said kid. “Later, Penny.” Yeah, definitely doable. She wasn’t that old. Not old enough to be called an old lady, anyway. 
The Phantoms. The name sounded easy on his ears. Dax looked at the row of bikes lined up neatly outside the bar. Compelled and slightly high, he wasn’t really aware of what he was doing until he was standing in front of the first Harley in the row of gleaming metal and reaching out a fingertip to brush the steel handlebar. What happened next changed the course of his whole life in a transformational way that was not to occur again until his late twenties. 

Chapter Eight
“Daxter Jamison! Wake up! You are in some serious trouble here, young man!” 
Dax groaned. He had gotten in so late it was practically considered early, and it was no surprise that he had overslept. At first, he thought he could feign illness. His head pounded and his stomach clenched, the stench of alcohol and cigarettes rolling off of his own body making him feel slightly ill. Even as Kathy Bodecker’s panicked voice grated on his hungover brain, a smile settled on his lips. Man, last night had been fucking crazy! He still couldn’t believe that he had ended up in the bar. Kathy’s voice droned on in the background of his hazy recollection like an annoying gnat as he sat up, the sheets falling away from his lean torso.
Dax had been lingering near the bikes when the door to Lenny’s flew open. Expecting a bunch of half-drunk broads like the last time he had been hanging around, Dax was taken aback when three men approached. They wore leather vests and cocky smiles, giving him no notice at all. Of the three, two of the guys didn’t look all that threatening. Yeah, they were rough and hardened, but Dax knew instinctively that they had good hearts underneath their gruff exteriors. Something about the way the two carried themselves told him that. 
Dax had to fine-tuned his ability to judge a person’s character given the shit he had endured as a kid. Who he trusted was a matter of life or death. The skill was still useful, as he would come to find out. The third man--he gave Dax pause. Growing up in total instability, without the security of a real family, Dax had learned to trust his gut, and his gut told him that the guy on the left was bad news. Nervous at being caught too close to their bikes, he tried to slink back into the shadows as the trio conversed heatedly. Unfortunately, there was nowhere to go but there; any other path leading away from the bar would draw attention to himself, thanks to the streetlights. 
“We’re not that hard up, Crow. I ain’t trusting this patched-in imposter until he proves his ass.”
“Fuck you, Hawk. I don’t need to prove my shit. Money talks.” The man on the left sneered. 
“Loony hasn’t given us any reason not to trust him.” The man called Crow replied. “Plus, we need this deal. We’re going broke trying to keep our noses clean. We need to branch out. If we don’t take advantage of what comes our way, we’ll be left in the dust. Look at the Sixers. They’re fucking done, man.” 
“Whatever.” 
In the dim light, Dax could make out the letters on the protestor’s vest. Vice President. There were also some words beneath the distinction but he couldn’t make them out. 
“Guns will help us, man. My boy has a solid connection. It means a lot of fucking dough. More than you boys have ever played with.” 
Dax was riveted, unable to turn away, as the three men talked about all manner of things he had never even imagined. Pussy, drugs, guns…it was like watching a crazy movie about the mafia. Only in this scene, the mafia was made up of a bunch of guys who sounded like they walked out of Nam and formed a club. Just as he figured it was time to sneak away, the man on the left sparked up a cigarette. The halo arching from his silver lighter illuminated the corner where Dax huddled. In synchronized unison, all three men turned to him as tension prickled down his spine. 
***
“Hey! You piece of shit! Get your ass over here you fucking eavesdropper!” 
Dax quickly surveyed his surroundings and it was obvious he was caught. The third man, Loony, looked pretty pissed off. Fighting the part of him that was scared, Dax squared his shoulders and nodded a greeting to the three men who stared at him. 
The one called Crow laughed. “He’s just a kid, man. Let him alone.”
“I don’t like loose ends,” Loony grumbled, taking a few steps towards Dax. 
Everything in Dax was screaming to run, and run hard. But he just couldn’t. Instead, he pulled a joint from his pocket and sparked it up, affecting an air of cool indifference. “Hey, bro. Looks like you need to relax. Want a drag?” He offered the hand-rolled cigarette to Loony. 
Loony bristled. Just as Dax thought everything was about to go horribly wrong, the V.P. started to laugh uproariously. “He’s pegged you good, Loony Tunes!” 
The other man, Crow, laughed too, his eyes meeting Dax’s, crinkling at the corners. “Nice, kid. Pass it along, then.” 
Dax stepped forward, into the small circle of men framed by light from the streetlamp. He met the V.P.’s eyes and found them to be intelligent and curious, but somehow welcoming. As he handed the joint off to the man called Crow, he had the oddest feeling of déjà vu. It was almost like he imagined a kid with a real family would feel coming home. 
The next thing he knew, he was following the older men into the bar at their invitation. Well, it was more of a demand rather than a request, but Dax was excited. It was loud in there--the heavy door was an effective barrier against the noise. Music was playing, chicks were dancing, and Dax stopped short, not knowing his place. Then, someone shoved a beer into his hand. 
“I’m Hawk.”
“Dax.”
“Got a family, Dax?” 
“Not really.” He looked away, unsure of how to answer that question. “I got a place to stay…for now.” Dax entertained a brief feeling of deep foreboding, knowing that his time at the Bodeckers was seriously limited. 
“Ah. We’re kind of like a magnet for misfits.”
Dax grinned, enjoying the feeling of acceptance that seemed to come from Hawk’s words. “Sounds like I’ll fit right in, then.” 
“Got a job?” 
Dax hesitated. He had never considered applying for a job-especially one in a biker bar! He was underage, but it seemed like these guys didn’t exactly play by the rules. He liked that. A lot. He shook his head. 
“Want one?”
Dax sucked in his breath. For some reason, the chance to be connected to these guys, in any way at all, was highly attractive to him. “Sure, I guess.” 
Hawk waved over an older man with a large paunch. “Hey, Lenny! This kid’s with us. Give him something to do, will you?” 
Lenny brightened. “Fuck, thanks, man! I got a bunch of trash that needs to be dumped. Come on, kid.” 
Before long, Dax was sweating and exhausted from doing every kind of menial task Lenny could hurl his way. He hauled ice, dumped endless loads of trash, and shuttled beers to a bunch of seriously drunk bikers and their friends. He brought Hawk, the obviously respected V.P., a round of beers, drawing a wary glance from the man called Loony. As he hustled back to the bar, he heard a snippet of conversation that he wasn’t sure how to interpret. 
“Yeah, I’m keeping the kid close. Don’t worry about him. He’s just a kid.” 
There appeared to be no last call at Lenny’s, but one by one, the customers started to either pass out or hook up, and the crowd thinned. As the last few patrons trickled out the door, Dax was surprised when Lenny handed him a glass of amber liquid. 
“Here, kid. You deserve it. You worked hard tonight.” 
Lenny clinked his own glass with Dax, and shot his drink immediately. Dax did the same, then coughed and choked as the liquid fire burned its way down his throat. “Fuck!” he sputtered. “What the hell is that, gasoline?!” 
Lenny smirked. “Good stuff, eh? My cousin makes it. The only thing he loves more than the Sox is some decent bootleg. Pretty fine brandy if I do say so myself.” 
Dax nodded as Lenny proceeded to fill his glass a second time. After the third shot, Lenny was snoring over a pile of receipts and Dax was stumbling to his bicycle, feeling like a toddler on training wheels as he made his wobbly way home.
***
“Dax! Are you listening to me?!” God, Mrs. Bodecker’s voice felt like sandpaper scraping incessantly against his brain. Blearily, he regarded her, trying to bring the fuzzy image of his foster mother into focus. No more bootleg brandy! 
“Yeah, Kathy. Sorry about the late hour. I’ll do extra chores, okay?” Dax stood up and stretched, conscious that Mrs. Bodecker hadn’t moved. He sighed.
“That’s not what this is about, Daxter. You aren’t listening. There’s been a letter from the school. Apparently, you’re not graduating?” 
Oh, fuck. Guess the shit is really hitting the fan now. 
“Doug will be home later, and he’s going to be mad, Dax. You’ve already had the detention and the incident with that…that Trishelle girl. According to the letter they sent, you’ve quit school? You’ve broken all the rules. You know that that means in our house?!”
Yeah, he knew. Three strikes. He was out. 
Even though Dax would turn eighteen soon, the deal was that he could stay with his foster family until he graduated. Now that he wasn’t likely to do that, he was shit outta luck. The state offered some sort of transitional program for kids like him who had aged out of the system, but there was no way he was going back to that. 
“Dax, I want to help you. You’ve been here for three years, and you’ve come so far. I’m not sure what happened. You were doing so well.” The disappointment in her voice pained him, but he was used to hearing that tone from adults in his life. 
She continued to ramble but Dax tuned her out; it was a skill he had grown very good at. He just mentally checked out. He wouldn’t be there for Bodecker’s lecture. That much was certain. Dax walked straight past Kathy Bodecker, who reached a hand out to touch his shoulder. He flinched, hard. She gasped, withdrawing her hand. The look of utter desolation on her face gave him pause. At the very least, he owed her an explanation. 
“Look, Kathy. I really appreciate all you have done for me. You provided a safe haven and I’ll never forget it. But, I have to forge my own path, and school isn’t going to get me where I need to go. I can’t pretend any longer.” 
He moved to walk past her and was surprised when Kathy Bodecker launched herself into his arms for a fierce hug. “Maybe I didn’t tell you enough, Daxter,” she said, her voice hinging on a sob, “but I care about you.” 
Dax pulled her in for a hug. She seemed to frail and small all of a sudden, almost like she was the one who needed the caretaking. “I know you do, Mrs. B. Thank you for everything.” 
Kathy Bodecker squeezed him so tight she almost took the air from his lungs before releasing him. “I’ll talk to Doug. Maybe Mr. Maxwell can bend the rules if you do some extra work.” 
Dax nodded, avoiding her hopeful eyes. He recalled Maxwell’s offer and he wouldn’t be taking the principal up on it. Dax was done. He was done pretending. He was no college boy in training. As wild as his night had been, he had never felt more alive than he had in that biker bar. He wanted, no, needed to belong. The lie flowed effortlessly from his mouth: “I’ll see you at dinner, Mrs. B.” 

Chapter Nine
It felt weird to be riding his two-wheeler with all of his worldly possessions on his back. Dax smiled at the fleeting images of turtles and hermit crabs that ran through his mind as he pedaled down the main road. He stashed his backpack and duffle behind a rock and engaged in a surf session that blew his mind. He lost track of time taking wave after wave, marveling in the glassy sets that rolled in, seeming to congratulate him on his emancipation. When he finally emerged from the ocean, he was fucking freezing, and he realized he hadn’t taken a crucial item with him when he fled the Bodecker’s place like a fugitive. A towel. 
It was spring, but the evening was anything but warm. Dax’s teeth were chattering as he headed to the only other place that felt familiar to him. He was too nervous to go in, though, so he stowed his bike in the alley and hugged the cement wall, willing it to somehow heat him. A rustling came from the dumpster startled him at first, but then Dax was grateful for the momentary distraction. Whatever was in there, at least he wasn’t alone. 
He shivered, feeling a soft cloud of misery begin to weigh him down. Reality was setting in. Dax had nowhere to go, and he was too afraid to waltz into Lenny’s like he belonged there. A mournful wail came from the dumpster, followed by a hiss and a screech. Dax chose to ignore his own discomfort in order to aid the obviously distressed feline in the trash. 
The dumpster fuckin’ reeked but Dax hauled his salty, shivering body up to peer inside anyway. The stench was almost overwhelming. The trash was illuminated by dim light. At the bottom of the bin was a highly agitated cat. He seemed to be stuck, wedged into the corner behind a flattened box. The cat struggled pitifully. Maybe the box was too high for the creature to climb over. Dax sighed heavily and then heaved himself into the stinking dumpster to rescue it. No neglected creature would go uncared for on his watch. 
“You motherfucker!” he swore, as said creature inflicted a series of slashes to his wrist. “I’m trying to help you!” 
“Curly!” Lenny’s voice echoed into the dark alley as Dax wrestled with a very angry, and very bedraggled cat. 
Finally, Dax managed to grab the hissing animal and yank it free of the twine it was entangled in. 
“Dax?” A curious, amused face peered into the wretched, trash-filled container. 
“Lenny.” he responded tiredly. “Is this…thing…yours?” He held the enraged ball of fur as though it were a venomous snake.
“I’ve been looking for her for a week! Shit, Curly, are you okay?”
The burly bartender reached for his cat with uncharacteristic tenderness as Dax lurched from the stinking dumpster, brushing remnants of last night’s extravaganza from his now-ruined clothing. The cat, Curly, flew into his owner’s arms, bringing a child-like smile to Lenny’s pockmarked face. 
“Hey, kid, you’re worth your salt, that’s for sure,” Lenny said, looking up at him. Then his eyes narrowed as he took in Dax’s appearance. “Are you okay?”
Dax hated to admit that he wasn’t but his ragged condition was pretty obvious. Luckily, Lenny didn’t need verbal confirmation. Without a word, he ushered Dax into the bar and up the back stairs. Dax was surprised to find small, over-crammed single apartment sitting inconspicuously above the bar. 
“You live here? At the bar?” 
“Well, yeah, it kind of makes sense. Crow and the guys like to be able to stop in at all hours of the day or night. It’s the least I could do.”
At that comment, Dax had to wonder how Lenny had become involved with The Phantoms.
“Why are you all wet?” Lenny looked pointedly at Dax’s damp clothing and hair.
Dax shrugged sheepishly, grateful to be inside. “Went surfing. Forgot a towel.” 
“And you decided to hang in the alley rescuing my poor Curly here, instead of heading home to warm up?” 
There was a probing undertone to Lenny’s query, one that beckoned Dax to open his mouth and let every detail of his pathetic life story pour out. Instead, he gazed at Lenny for a long moment and then looked away, unsure of how to communicate his current predicament. Again, Lenny seemed to know not to pressure him for a story. Instead, he retrieved a towel from the closet and tossed it to Dax. 
“Shower’s that way kid. Warm up. I’ll take care of Curly downstairs.” It was odd to see such a big man showing such care for the animal, but in a way, Lenny’s behavior was reassuring. He had a good heart, despite his gruff exterior.
Dax only hesitated for a minute before making his way to the bathroom. It wasn’t as nasty as he had expected, but Lenny was no clean freak. Still, the warm water cascading over him was successful in smoothing the chill from his bones and the stink from his skin and hair. He toweled off, sniffing his reeking clothes with disgust. What the fuck was I thinking?! Dax had few belongings to begin with and he felt guilty taking off with the things the Bodeckers had purchased for him. He had only taken the bare minimum in terms of clothing and toiletries, plus his journal of course. 
Sighing at his half-baked plan, Dax pulled his spare jeans on and padded back into the small sitting area, thinking he was alone. 
“Hey, kid.” 
The man they called Crow sat on Lenny’s couch, rolling a fat joint on the coffee table. Dax froze, feeling somewhat exposed. He was, after, half-naked. “Hey.” 
“Lenny tells me you rescued his piece of shit cat. That thing scratched the hell outta me last time I tried to peel him out of that dumpster.” 
“Yeah. I guess I should have thought ahead. My clothes are kind of ruined.” Dax turned away, to smooth his spiky blond hair in Lenny’s mirror.
Schooled by years of unpredictability when it came to people and situations, Dax never turned his back on someone without keeping some kind of tabs on them. He made sure he could see Crow’s reflection clearly as he tamed his unruly mane. The Phantoms’ president looked up casually from his busy work and as his eyes slid over Dax’s back, they narrowed suddenly. Then, he stood up Dax could tell he was taking a closer look, although he feigned nonchalance. Dax turned quickly to his backpack and fished a spare tee shirt from it, wanting to shield his scars from the other man. Crow had clearly seen the thin white lines and circular indentations that decorated Dax’s back, and he had recognized the marks for what they were. 
Dax stiffened, unsure what to expect when he finally met Crow’s gaze. Most people either didn’t notice the wretched symbols of his past or they simply pretended they weren’t there. It was easier that way, for both Dax and whomever happened to get a glimpse of his back. He didn’t like being reminded of his abuse, and he certainly didn’t want anyone’s pity. For some reason, he didn’t want Crow to view him or his situation as pathetic, even though it was. He wasn’t a whipping boy any longer. No, he was a fuckin’ man, now. To Dax’s surprise, the tattooed biker held a great deal of compassion in his eyes as their gazes met. A kind of mutual understanding flashed between them and suddenly Dax knew that whatever kind of hell he himself had been through, Crow had been there too. Dax looked back, his eyes steady, as Crow fired up the joint and passed it over to him. 
“Got a proposition for you, kid.” 
Dax took a long, slow drag, letting the sweet smoke enter his lungs and dull his brain. “I’m listening.” 

Chapter Ten
Dax looked around himself with more than a hint of wonder. He stood in a small room with wood paneled walls. The space was tiny-just large enough to house a mattress and a night table. A dusty lamp sat on the table, its shade yellow with age. A rectangular, screen-less window large enough to climb out of opened onto a large, grassy yard. Dax could see beer cans littering the ground out there, clustered around a huge black and white flag that proclaimed, “The Phantoms.” 
The space was tiny, but it was his for the time being. His own place. Who would have thought that taking a chance on an animal in distress would lead to this?! Crow had spoken softly, his eyes taking on a faraway glint as he had offered Dax a place with the crew. Well, not as a member, but as a grunt with a place to call home until he had figured things out a bit.
I came up hard, too. But, I don’t let the scars of my past hold me back. You get what I’m saying kid? A lot of us got stuck with a shitty set of cards. That don’t mean you lay down and take it. It means you stand up stronger. Me, the club, we stand together. We’re a family. Everybody needs a family. You look like you could use one right about now. 
“Got any questions, kid?” 
His eyes were uncharacteristically wet but Dax managed to avoid shedding a tear, even though Crow’s willingness to give him what he had never had nearly overcame him. The man was a veritable stranger. A fierce ball of loyalty began to churn in the pit of his stomach as he accepted the older man’s generosity. I’ll never let him down! 
“Why do they call you Crow?”
“Me and my army buddies were called the Night Crows. But, that’s a story for another time and a lot more grass.” 
***
He had a little time to kill, what with no school and being newly accepted into the clubhouse. Crow said he would have more stuff to do later if he proved himself, but for now, Dax was basically considered a grunt--the lowest caste of wannabe crew members. He was the youngest one there and he had nothing but Crow’s word to vouch for his allegiance, but Dax knew that he would never bite the tattooed hands that had decided to feed him. Lenny liked him, especially so after he had jumped in a pile of stinking trash to rescue Curly, so he’d be helping out at the bar until something else came up. Dax could live with that. He smiled to himself, stretching out on the worn mattress. A place of my own. My very own place. With The Phantoms, no less! It was more than he could have ever hoped for, even if he had no idea what he was getting himself into. 
Dax took stock of his new digs immediately. The communal shower and toilet was located just down the hall. Some of the rooms were bigger and some had their own bathrooms. Dax figured those were for the original club members. Even though most of them had their own homes, each guy had his own space in the clubhouse, which from the outside looked like an old warehouse. It was a pretty cool set up, all in all. Dax closed his eyes. What a long, unusual, and utterly amazing day. 
***
After a few days with the club, Dax fell into a nice routine. He slept in late, then spent his day doing busy work around the clubhouse until one of the guys shuttled him to the bar. Dax generally worked until the wee hours of the morning, cleaning, stocking ice, and looking after that damned cat. Funny name for a bald fuckin’cat! Once the creature was clean, Dax was shocked to find out that Curly was completely hairless. The cat had no hair on him whatsoever. His skin was mostly pink and he had large ears that made him look like a wombat or something. Dax had no idea where Lenny had come across such a freaky-looking animal. Lenny said he was some special, expensive breed but that he was worth more to him than money. Even though Curly drove Dax nuts, he developed a fondness for the miscreant. Curly didn’t seem to mind Dax either, and had taken to meowing a loud greeting upon his arrival each night. 
Crow seemed to take him under his metaphorical wing. At first, Dax wasn’t sure if he should trust the man, but Crow seemed pretty down to earth, and blunt too. He was a guy you took at face value. Hawk didn’t take shit from anyone either. Dax soon discovered that the vice president was known as kind of a loose cannon. While Crow wore the President patch, it was easy to see that Hawk handled the details and kept the guys in line.
It was Friday night. The crew was in a celebrating mood, but Dax wasn’t sure why. Probably something to do with Loony and his guns. From his short time with the crew, he had garnered that they were into some no-so-legal activities. The fact didn’t bother him. Fuck the rules. Of all the guys, however, Loony was the only one who made Dax’s internal alarm bells ring. There was something about the guy he just didn’t trust, and he had picked up on it the very first night he had seen the man. Crow seemed to like the guy though, making Dax feel guilty for his unfavorable thoughts. The inner circle poured in from whatever deal they had obviously just brokered, filling the air with a tangible excitement. 
“Well, boys, we’re in the big leagues now!” 
Dax noted that a few of the older guys looked uncomfortable at Crow’s proclamation, but everyone raised their glasses of bootleg brandy nonetheless. Then, Crow, Hawk, and Loony disappeared into a private room next to the bar. The night wore on, loud and fast. At one point, two chicks got into it, and Lenny intervened. Dax and couple of the other guys watched with interest as the bartender separated the two hair-pulling, screeching broads.
“Fighting over cock. Never thought I’d see the day,” Crow said, materializing behind Dax with a beer in his hand. 
Dax quirked his brow. “Seriously?”
Crow chuckled. “Fucking Phantom stalkers will do anything to get under an original.” He took a long swig of his beer. 
Some of them didn’t mind getting under a grunt, either, as Dax soon found out. Or on top of him. After a few months, he had quite a reputation with the ladies. The ease with which the panties came off around Dax became a running joke around the bar, and although he was a grunt, his sexual prowess earned him the grudging respect of most of the crew. 

Chapter Eleven 
Six Months Later 
Dax had never felt so…useful. It was amazing how a bunch of rough-looking bikers could be so supportive. He was learning a lot, but it wasn’t like being in school. Gray showed him how to use a wrench and soon he was helping with repairs rather than just washing the bikes. Working with his hands made Dax feel productive in a way he had never felt before. He aligned the tailpipe perfectly, looking up as a large black van roared into the dirt lot in front of the warehouse. A bunch of the crew piled out, and began removing heavy crates from the back. Hawk strolled over to him, and watched as Dax tightened the last bolt on his new, custom exhaust. 
“Nice job, kid. Thanks.” Hawk pulled on a pair of black leather gloves and held a second pair out to Dax as he stood up and stuck the wrench in his back pocket. “Ever shot a rifle?” 
Dax felt his eyes widen and the grin spread over his face. He had seen plenty of weapons but he had never handled one. Like most young guys filled with testosterone, he jumped at the chance to shoot a real, live gun. It turned out he was pretty good at shooting stuff. Dax had natural aim and excellent hand-eye coordination. He spent the afternoon testing all kinds of different pieces with a few of the other grunts. He was accurate and steady, not wavering from his shot even when the others purposely tried to disrupt his concentration. Of all of the weapons, the Glock 45 felt the most comfortable in his hand, almost like it was made for him. 
Crow was quickly becoming a kind of father figure to Dax. The man had lost his little boy to a heart condition, and Dax wondered if that was what had compelled the older man to help him out in the first place. Crow made sure Dax was comfortable, happy, that sort of thing. At first, Dax didn’t realize that Crow had singled him out, but it soon became apparent that the president didn’t invite any of the other grunts to his table to look at war memorabilia or trade stories. 
Some of the other grunts didn’t like that they were friends, probably because his relationship with the president of the crew inadvertently lent Dax some status that a rookie grunt just hadn’t earned. Lately, more often than not, another grunt was charged with hauling ice and trash so Dax could join Crow’s table and crack jokes or roll their joints. He was particularly good at that--he rolled ‘em up tighter than anyone in the club. 
Dax’s vantage point from the president’s table was quite different than his previous perspective. As he listened to the heated conversations between Crow, Hawk, and some others, he was privy to some information that no one outside the inner circle knew. Dax recognized that this was no oversight on the crew’s part. Dax wasn’t sure why Crow trusted him, but he swore that he would never break that trust. Hawk, Crow’s second-in-command, seemed to accept him too. He admired these two, almost exalted their presence. They were tough, outlaw bikers who didn’t answer to anyone. They followed their own path, fueled by their motto, “Strength in Solidarity.” Dax felt lucky to be a part of the family.
***
“Oh, poor baby. Did it hurt?” 
Yeah, she was just another stalker, but Jade was fuckin’ hot. The sultry brunette leaned in close, her arms falling to his hips, as she inspected the new ink that decorated his bicep.
“Nice,” she commented. “When will it be healed?” 
“Dunno. It’s my first one. Couple weeks, I guess.” Dax grinned as Jade’s hands tightened on his waist as she took a step closer still, pressing her big, fake tits into his chest. 
Jade had accosted him just as he arrived for his shift at Lenny’s, which lately consisted of getting Crow’s table cleaned off and waiting for the inner circle to arrive. So, he didn’t have much to do other than roll joints and run drinks while soaking in as much of his new family culture as possible. There was no shortage of women. Jade had been trying to get his attention for weeks now, pushing out her tits whenever he looked her way, pursing her lips in a sexy pout…it was so obvious that even Gray noticed.
“Put the broad out of her misery, Dax. For Christ’s sake, she’s practically spreading it for you right here in the bar!” 
Dax had only shrugged. Jade was hot, but pussy was easy to come by for him. Prime pussy, too. He tended to get with the hotter, younger girls, but the older ones conveyed interest too. He’d fucked almost every type of skirt before he realized that he was unfulfilled. He got a mighty nice sexual release when he got laid, sure. But there had been something deeper that he had experienced before, something that he had erroneously assumed was connected to the physical act of fucking. Something that he hadn’t been aware he was missing. The feelings of emptiness cheapened the act for Dax. While he still had a high sex drive, and a seemingly endless supply of females wanting to get it on, he found himself becoming pickier about who he would stick his cock into. 
Still, he had time to kill before the crew showed up, and Dax was bored. “What do you want from me, Jade?” He sounded as aloof and disinterested as he currently felt, but it didn’t seem to matter. His dismissive tone only seemed to fuel Jade’s need to get under him more.
“God, baby. You’re just soo…I don’t know what it is but I just want you so badly. Please, Dax. I’ll do anything you want. Anything.” Jade scratched her nails down his chest, shoving her pelvis into the hard bulge in his jeans. 
Dax gazed back at her, allowing the barest hint of a smile to cross his face. Jade’s look of excitement and joy was almost frightening.
“Anything, baby. I just need you, Dax.” 
Jade offered her mouth to him, practically begging for a kiss. Well, he was only a man. Dax felt a familiar surge of aggressive sexual dominance as he kneaded her ass firmly with his large hand. He spun her against the brick wall forcefully, and shoved his hand into her dress, finding one hard, braless nipple and tugging it hard.
“You need me, huh?” he growled. You don’t even fucking know me. 
“God, yes,” she moaned, arching into his hand. 
“How much do you want it, Jade?”
“Oh, God, so badly Dax. I’m so wet. Please…” she whined, desperately. 
“Sounds like you can’t wait, darlin’.” he whispered hotly in her ear. “Maybe we’ll have to do it right here. Right in front of the bar, hmm?” 
Jade’s needy moan told him that she was more than willing to engage in a little public fornication. Dax wasn’t really into full-on fucking this chick in full view of the street, but as she writhed against him, her dress riding up above her knees, he could see that Jade wasn’t wearing panties. It would be quick and dirty. Easy. Like her. Jade mewled in anticipation as his hands went to his belt. 
“Dax?” 
The voice was tinged with shock and dismay. It was a familiar voice. A voice he hadn’t ever expected to hear again. Dax froze, feeling a prickle of shame race down his spine. He untangled his hands from Jade’s tits and turned slowly to face the girl who had abandoned him almost a year ago. It felt like it had been an eternity since he had seen that face. 
Dax felt his heart pounding in his chest but he hoped he sounded smoother than his suddenly sweaty palms would suggest. Affecting his now-signature, cocky grin, he stepped away from Jade, hearing her groan with frustration. “Trish. It’s nice to see you.” 
He meant it. She looked good. Well, other than the furious expression on her face. Dax took one step towards her but stopped short when Trish threw up her hand, staring at him like she hardly recognized him. 
“What are you doing here?” he asked gently. It must be quite a shock for his ex, coming upon him with his hand stuck up some other broad’s dress. 
“I-I heard you were working here. I couldn’t find you after graduation. Did the Bodeckers kick you out?”
Dax shrugged sheepishly. “Nah. But it was only a matter of time once I dropped out.”
Trish looked pained. “You dropped out? Was it because of me? Of us?”
“Ahem!” An annoyed voice sounded from behind them. Jade stomped over, adjusting her dress, her huge, fake tits perilously close to spilling out. 
Trish, to her credit, didn’t look intimidated at all. She puffed out her equally large, but natural chest, and stared Jade down. Jade looked from Trish to Dax, and opened her mouth as if to protest. Trish shook her head and raised a brow, silently sending the other girl the kind of message that only females seemed to be able to understand. Dax just smiled apologetically, shrugging at Jade. With an audible huff, the tart made her way into Lenny’s, presumably to wait for him. Then, Trish grabbed Dax by the wrist, and hauled him partway down the street.
“What the hell are you doing, Dax? You’re throwing your life away!”
He chuckled at that. “What life, darlin’? The one you were trying to create for me?” At her expression, he sobered. “Look, sweetheart. I appreciate all you did to save me from myself. I wanted to be with you. You’re the one who threw us away. I can’t blame you. If I had your opportunities and smarts, maybe I’d do the same. But this place, these guys…they’re my family now. They had my back when I needed it most. I’m not going anywhere.”
Trish winced. “But Dax,” she whispered, “I-I think I still love you.” 
“I know, baby. But you and me….it can’t work. At least, not right now. You’re going to help a lot of people, and I don’t want to be the reason you fail to achieve your dreams.” 
She flew into his arms and her mouth found his. When he kissed her, Dax felt that flash of deep emotion, that fleeting something that was missing when he hooked up with females like Jade. Dax stuffed the feeling deep into his guts. He had no use for it. Trish was leaving. He wouldn’t stand in her way, but he wouldn’t wait around like some chump either. With effort, he set her on her feet, determined not to let the tears on her cheeks threaten his resolve. 
“Trishelle Wagner, you will always have a part of my heart, darlin’ and don’t forget it. If you ever change your mind, track me down. Promise me.” He gave her a final kiss, again feeling a hint of that tantalizing fire that begged him to ditch everything and everyone and follow her. 
“I will Dax. I promise. I um, I hope we can keep in touch.” 
He knew that they would. He owed her that much. There was just a lot of this new life that he would have to keep secret. Pushing his hand through his messy, blond hair, Dax walked into Lenny’s. After a few hours, he was buzzed, entertained, and effectively distracted from his interaction with Trish. This was his life now, and he felt his heart and his soul grasping onto it with a vengeance. 
***
It was late when he woke up feeling like something just wasn’t right. Lenny had taken off with some broad, a hot, older piece with brassy red hair. Apparently, she was an old flame. Dax sighed. There seemed to be a lot of old flames showing up lately. Dax had closed down the bar for the man, leaving Hawk, Crow, and Loony discussing something intently in the private room. Everyone was pretty wasted. It had happened before. In the past when he had been stranded there, Dax had just crashed on Lenny’s upstairs couch and then made himself useful by cleaning up in the morning. He never slept well, but this time he had awakened abruptly from a deep, exhausted sleep. 
A rustling sound came from below. Dax’s senses went on high alert. He pulled on his jeans and crept down the narrow side staircase. He didn’t turn on the light, rather he stood for a moment, letting his eyes adjust to the dim shapes and shadows. The sound was coming from the private room. Picking up Lenny’s lucky baseball bat from behind the bar, Dax made his way to the door, which stood slightly ajar. He heard an audible “click” and his body took over, reacting instinctively to the sound before his mind could full identify it. It was the sound a slide lock made when it was pulled.
Dax hugged the wall as a single shot rang out followed by a bellow of surprised agony. Grasping the bat with a cold, sweaty palm, he flicked the outer light switch, which turned on the main lights. When his eyes finally beheld the scene in the private room, Dax went cold and part of him just went numb. In his place at the table, Crow slumped forward in a pool of blood. Loony stood over him, a crazed look on his face that morphed into an evil grin as he pointed a gun at Dax’s chest. 
Loony laughed as he regarded the bat clenched in Dax’s hand. “Wanna pay ball, kid?” 
The red haze took over, and he was glad for it. There was no thought, no feeling, only action in the dulled state of purgatory that overcame Dax when he was really angry…or scared. Someone was shouting and then hands were pulling at him. Dax was catapulted back into his childhood and the memories of being dragged away from his mother. He let out inhuman scream as he was ripped off of Crow, his bloody hands warm and wet from pressing into the older man’s wound to staunch the artery. Flashes from Trish’s human anatomy book burst against his brain. Taking his pressure off the wound would kill the man. He fought the hands like a beast, his palm coming into a nose, hearing a satisfying crunch and then a yelp of pain. Finally, a fist crashed into his jaw, and he welcomed the blackness with the kind of glee only a creature of the night might share.

Chapter Twelve
When he woke up, his head pounding, and an icy cold fist constricting his guts, Dax had no idea where he was. He howled against the bars of the steel cage, tearing at his clothing and hair. 
“Hey! You there! Quit that racket!” 
A flashlight shined into his face, illuminating his surroundings, sobering him almost immediately. It was a place he had hoped he would never see. It was a jail cell. 
Taking stock of himself, Dax found that his jaw ached and his left eye was swollen. His hands felt numb. Memories of the night before made uncharacteristic tears come to his eyes. He remembered Loony’s face. He remembered Crow’s inert body. There were snippets of sensation that he didn’t want to explore. The slick feel of blood, the metallic smell in the air, seemed to hang on him like a sick, dark cloud. 
Glumly, Dax sat in his cage, itching to get out of it. When it came time to head to the exercise yard however, all he wanted was to get back into the safety of his solitary little cell. He was tall, but he definitely lacked the hardened look of the men inside. A couple of the guys looked at him in a way that was uncomfortably familiar. Those looks, the last time he had endured them, had led to a pair of broken ribs as he fought to protect himself from one of his abusive foster fathers. Still, Dax knew instinctively that if he appeared weak, it would be worse for him. So when a fellow inmate bumped into him and then pushed him, Dax went crazy, turning into a maelstrom of fury. Oddly, the guards didn’t intervene but a group of other guys did, pulling Dax from the other man, who glared back at him threateningly. 
“You a Phantom?” The one who seemed to be in charge asked, looked at tattoo now exposed beneath the sleeve of Dax’s orange jumpsuit. 
Painful, hazy memories flooded his brain as he nodded slowly. Am I a Phantom? I guess I am…sort of. Dax shook his head as if the motion would clear the fog from it. Why was he in jail? It could only mean that Crow was dead. Fuck, maybe Loony pinned the whole thing on me… 
“I’m Grim.” 
“Dax.” He looked at the other man warily, and then snuck a furtive glance at the other man.
“Don’t worry about him, kid. We protect our own.” 
Dax took a long, hard look at the man called Grim. He was covered in tattoos, his longish brown hair tied in a knot behind his head. A thin, white scar ran from his cheekbone to his chin. Grim stuck out his hand and Dax took it hesitantly. It was his first night of three in jail; of all the experiences he had had, this one was the scariest.
***
“Hey, you! Jamison! You’re sprung. Get the fuck up.” 
Dax fought not to scramble to his feet, forcing himself to stand tall, meeting the guard’s gaze for a brief, cold minute, before mutely following him down the corridor. Although he had only been inside a few days, he had adapted to the protective behaviors he had observed among the old-timers. He kept his head down until he passed Grim’s cell. He directed a meaningful glance to the man who sat reading quietly within. Dax owed Grim his ass, literally. He would never forget it.
Hawk waited for him outside the main gate, a serious look on his face. “You okay, kid?” 
“No. Not really.” 
“Trouble inside? I sent word to our guys.”
“Yeah. They stepped up. Thanks.” Dax said softly. He searched Hawk’s face for some clue about what had happened. 
Hawk ushered Dax into a black suburban and they drove in silence for several minutes. Finally, Dax could no longer contain himself. “Crow-is he….is he…?”
“Not for much longer, kid. The bullet lodged in his liver. He doesn’t have much time. I’m taking you to see him now. He’s been asking for you.” 
Dax shivered. “It was Loony, man. I tried…” he broke down then, a harsh sob tearing from his throat. 
Hawk placed a hand on Dax’s arm as they pulled into the hospital parking lot. “I know kid,” he said, his own voice breaking. “Loony turned. I should have fuckin’ figured. I never trusted his ass.” 
The older man removed his dark glasses for a moment to wipe his eyes. Dax could see that they were red and wet. “I’m sorry it took us so long to get you out. Fucking red tape. The cops didn’t know you were one of us. They took Loony’s side at first. Thought you were the shooter.” 
“What happens now? To Loony?”
Hawk smiled grimly. “Oh, we already took care of that, son. He’s enjoying a very personal view of the new skyscraper they’re building downtown. From about ten feet under the foundation.” 
Perversely, Dax found that he appreciated the sick sort of justice the crew had delivered. “I wish I could have had another go at him.” 
Hawk chuckled, but the sound came out tinged with darkness. “Oh, you did a number on him kid. Kept him from making that final shot. Broke a few ribs. You also shattered his fuckin’ jaw. A complete strike out.” 
Dax met Hawk’s gaze, and for some reason, the two men began to chuckle. Hawk stepped out of the car and Dax joined him, watching as the older man adjusted his leather. With surprise, Dax saw that he was wearing Crow’s patch. President. 
“He’s really not going to make it, is he?” 
“He’s in bad shape, kid. But he knows you risked your own life for him. He wants you to know that.” 
Dax nodded as they entered the hospital. “Fuck, man. I hate the fucking hospital.”
“I feel you, kid. Too many ghosts.” Hawk shuddered as they got into the elevator and headed up to the ICU.
Seeing the man he had perceived as so strong and invincible in such a frail state made Dax’s heart hurt. Hawk cleared his throat. Crow opened his eyes and gestured weakly, beckoning Dax closer. Carefully, Dax sank down in the chair next to the man’s hospital bed. For a moment, all he could hear was his own heart beating amid the swishing sounds of the machines keeping his old friend alive.
“Hey, kid.” Crow’s voice was so weak and brittle. 
“Crow, I’m so sorry. If I had woken up earlier…”
Crow shook his head. “No, kid. This was my mistake. Got greedy. Trusted the wrong guy.” The dying man summoned Dax closer with a labored cough. 
“Heard you held me together with your bare hands, kid.” He grasped Dax’s hands and looked at them in wonder. 
Dax could say nothing. He nodded, perilously close to breaking down. Crow made eye contact with Hawk, who approached the bedside, his head lowered. 
“Take care of the club.” 
Hawk nodded. “I will, boss.” 
“Hawk!” 
Hawk looked up at the sharp tone in Crow’s voice. “Yes?” 
“Give this kid a cut.” 
Dax’s head jerked up in surprise, feeling his head begin to move in denial. No! I failed him. He’s dying! I don’t deserve shit… 
“You earned it, kid. Wear it well.” Crow said, the ghost of a grin appeared on his pain-lined face. 
“But…”
“Don’t argue with a dying man’s last wishes, kid.” Crow’s eyes closed.
Dax’s hand found the older man’s and he squeezed it hard, feeling a short answering squeeze that immediately began to weaken. Seconds later, the machine began to beep and a team of personnel rushed into the room. Hawk pulled Dax away bodily, even though he fought to maintain physical contact with Crow, as though he could prevent him from going into the light by hanging on to his hand.
“It was his time.” Tears flowed copiously from Hawk’s eyes and he made no move to wipe them away. They stood outside the little room until the doctor called time of death.
“Come on, kid.” 
Dax followed numbly, like a lost puppy seeking a new master. Back at the clubhouse, he was taught the crew’s way of dealing with grief as he kicked back shot after shot of brandy. Emotions ran high as the guys told stories of their pasts and of their friendships with Crow. Gray broke down as he relayed tales from Nam, when he and Crow fought side by side. He might have been an outlaw biker, but Crow had a good heart and he followed his own code of honor. 
When everyone had lapsed into a sorrowful, silent reverie, Hawk ushered the originals into their private meeting room to conduct his first order of business as president. Fifteen minutes later, Dax was awkwardly accepting handshakes and claps on the back. He had just become the crew’s youngest member. The moment was somber, but meaningful nonetheless. Dax could feel the emotion transmitted by the other members as he slowly donned his leather. When they quit the meeting room, Dax could see the others staring at his cut in surprise. Heads began to nod and then there was a deafening round of applause. 
Dax had never been one to attract attention to himself. The alcohol helped him deal with the strange mixture of grief, joy, and camaraderie that was starting to make him feel totally unsettled. He joined the others as they raised their glasses in tribute to Crow and to their newest member, who had risked his life to save their president. Dax kicked back a monster shot of brandy that would leave him passed out under the table for half the night. 
You were a good man, Crow. I’ll wear it well. I promise. 
***
A Month After Crow’s Death
I haven’t written for a while. Too many things going on, I guess. I never thought I’d end up here, in a place like this. With a family. A real family. I have learned that blood doesn’t make family. Maybe being in a club is in my blood and maybe I’ll never know. I used to feel like I was riding through this world all alone. The club has filled a void in me, made me whole. I’ll never forget to honor the man who made that possible. The man who took a chance on a wayward kid. I am making myself a solid promise, to create my own code of honor and live by it as best I can, like Crow did. No bird flies a straight line, but I’ve landed here, and here is where I’m gonna stay. I’m gonna live this life right. Never forget where I came from. That’s all I can do. That’s what earning this cut means to me. 

End Prequel. 
Read on for an excerpt from Satin and Steel. 
Thanks for reading! 

Author’s Note
Dear Foxxx Club, 
Thank you for your support, interest, and readership. If you have enjoyed this prequel about Dax, please leave a positive review. Good reviews are an author’s personal drug! Reviews also help indie authors like me get their work out there. Thank you for taking the time to write one on Amazon, Goodreads, or your book blog. Please also friend me on Twitter, “like” my Facebook page, or check out my blog for updates regarding my work. I love interacting with readers and I find your feedback very motivating! 
The current work is a (long!) prequel to the Satin and Steel series, which is loosely inspired by the hit television show, Sons of Anarchy. This prequel is meant to give background on Dax due to questions and interest from my loyal readers. The second book in the series, Leather and Sand, is due out this summer. I also want to offer a huge thank you to Kurt Sutter and the cast and crew of SOA who inspired me to write this series. 
Always, 
Jayna 

About the Author 
By day, Jayna Vixen is a doctoral-level consultant, supermom, wife, and freelance writer. When night falls, she transforms into a sultry, sexual seductress with a flair for pole dancing and eroticism. No one knows that beneath the crisp, pressed suit and the many awards and degrees lies a temptress who lures you in with her masterful storytelling. Let Jayna Vixen lure you in too…read on and become addicted to Jayna Vixen Erotica!
Email: jaynavixen@hotmail.com 
Website:  My website has moved to: http://jaynavixen.blogspot.com 
Twitter: @jaynavixen
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/pages/Jayna-Vixen/316403285080810 

Other Works by Jayna Vixen
Satin and Steel (Riding the Line, Book One)
Rhee took a deep breath and squared her shoulders before walking into the seedy bar. Ignoring the lewd stares from the rough-looking patrons, she marched a straight line to the bartender, a hairy guy with a big belly. Her hands were shaking slightly as she shoved a flyer at the man, who regarded her with one eyebrow raised. 
“Have you seen this girl?” Rhee’s voice came out high but assertive. 
The bartender smirked. 
“What if I have?” 
Rhee drew herself up to her full height, a petite five feet, three inches. 
“Then I suggest you tell me where she is. My little sister is only nineteen years old.” 
She tried to make her voice sound calm and steady, but inside she was quaking with tension. The bartender suddenly looked more serious. 
“Your little sister, you say?” 
Rhee nodded. “That’s what I said, sir. She was dating a guy who rode with a motorcycle club that used to stop in here. She’s missing. At least just let me put up this flyer?”
The bartender nodded to someone behind Rhee’s head and then looked back at her. 
“Well, missy. You have a lot of nerve coming in here and making demands. But…it turns out that I have a little sister myself. Hand over one of them flyers you got there. You can put one up in the ladies’ room too, if you want,” he held out his beefy hand. 
Ten minutes later, Rhee’s breath rushed out in a great whoosh as she pushed her way back out onto the street. In her haste to get back to her old Toyota she nearly ran headlong into a tall, blond man who had just parked his impressive-looking bike by the curb. 
“Steady there, little girl,” a husky voice rasped with an undertone of mirth. 
Little girl?! Rhee glared up angrily and felt her breath catch in her throat as a pair of twinkling blue eyes met her own fiery green ones. Damn, he’s tall! Irritated that she had to crane her neck to see his face, she straightened her spine, flushing under the stranger’s perusal.
He wore a black leather vest over a tight, black tee, and loose jeans that might even conceal a holstered weapon. Definitely one of those biker gang guys, Rhiannon thought to herself. It must have been only a few seconds that she stood there, transfixed by the blond hulk’s gaze, but it seemed like an eternity. Rhiannon mumbled an apology and tried to walk slowly back to her vehicle, aware of the man’s eyes on her back. Running would show fear, she reminded herself as she forced herself to take slow, measured steps, willing her hands not to shake as she placed her key in the door. 
That was the first place she hit. That week, Rhiannon visited four more biker hangouts, hot on the trail of her little sister, Michaela, or Mickey their father had christened her. Mickey often disappeared for weeks at a time; the girl had been a free spirit since the day she was born. Rhiannon smiled, remembering how her baby sister had scared everyone one cold winter’s morning by crawling behind the Christmas tree and falling asleep, while the family tore the neighborhood apart trying to locate her. 
Yep, that was Mickey all right. She had horrified their mother by getting a butterfly tattoo on her sixteenth birthday, and she had rejected traditional college applications in favor of pursing her photography hobby. Mickey marched to her own beat and never stayed in the same place for very long. Her little walkabouts had never worried Rhiannon…until now. This recent disappearance had been preceded by a frantic phone call in the middle of the night. Rhiannon remembered every word out of Mickey’s mouth, even though she had been half asleep. 
“Rhee, it’s me! Wait-don’t say anything! I’m in trouble, Rhee. Big trouble. I need you to come and get me…tonight! I’ll be at the corner of West and-oh! Oh, shit…”
The call had been disconnected. Rhiannon had flown from the house in her sweats and raced across town to West Avenue. She drove up and down the street in vain, all night long. Finally, exhausted, she had gone to the police and they had been no help. They all remembered Mickey. Their parents had logged numerous missing persons reports when Mickey was in high school. She always turned up, with a new tattoo or a story about a festival in the desert. It seemed her reputation had followed her to California. Darling was a small town, and the local deputies didn’t bat an eye when Rhiannon begged frantically that this time, a search party really was warranted. 
It had been days since she had slept. Well, years really. Rhee’s normally bright eyes had dulled, and she was sporting some dark circles. Thank God the roommates are gone for break. They’d think I was losing it. Plus, she didn’t want to rehash her crazy past and current life to the bubbly coeds she lived with. They could never understand. Kate and Lisa were sweet, but Rhee knew they thought she was a total drag. She always made up excuses to avoid joining them when they went out to parties or bars, and she didn’t want to explain why. She didn’t need their pity. 
Rhee dragged herself from a few hours of desperately needed, dreamless sleep and pulled on a pair of worn, low-slung jeans and a simple tee shirt. Blearily, she made herself a cup of strong coffee and nearly fell into her car. There was one last place that she could think of to hit but she had left it for last for on purpose. Tu Madre was a small establishment that an old lady from another hangout had mentioned. It was known to be the den of a particularly nasty Mexican motorcycle crew. 
Ignoring the warning tingle that shot down her spine, Rhee shoved her apprehension deep down into her guts. If Mickey was there, or if anyone knew where she was, she had to find out. She pulled up in front of the dilapidated shack that matched the address the biker chick from the last hangout had given her. Rubbing her eyes, Rhiannon stifled a yawn. A metal sign, rusted with weather and age, proclaimed, Tu Madr-. Rhee groaned inwardly. No “e.” As an aspiring copyeditor, punctuation errors really irritated her. The place looked deserted save for a few bikes parked out front. 
Perfect, Rhee thought to herself. Fewer scumbags for me to fend off.
***
Dax sat at the table to the left of his president. He sighed as the latest task came to a vote. Dax raised his hand half-heartedly. Even though he had quite a bit of sway in the club, defying Hawk would be like signing his own death warrant. Part of Dax wanted out, but he simply could not justify leaving. His girlfriend was talking marriage and he couldn’t afford her or her medical school bills without the club. The cut he received as vice president of The Phantoms trumped any full time job he could think of…by a lot. 
A crackle of excitement went through the air as Hawk pounded the gavel. The Chicos had overstepped their shit for the last time. Taking the deal for the latest round of guns was the last straw. They would hit them tonight, when they were least expecting it. No doubt the stupid bastards would be partying it up, and they would all be piss drunk and high. It was the perfect time to strike, and take back what was rightfully been theirs. 
It was late when the unmarked, black van pulled up outside of Tu Madre. Dax and his crew were suited up and packing hard core. Dax adjusted his bulletproof vest and issued some orders to the rest of the crew. Then, they popped the bathroom window and sneaked in, wholly undetected. 
***
Rhee was sick with fear. From the moment she entered Tu Madre, she knew she had made a grave mistake. A small group of heavily tattooed men graced a table at the rear of the shack. Three whorish girls danced groggily on makeshift poles, cigarette smoke wafting up to caress their fake tits and caked makeup. A group of a dozen or so younger guys barged in and assaulted the bar, whooping and high-fiving. Shots were passed out and the distinct smell of marijuana wafted to her nostrils. Rhee turned on her heel, realizing that these were men who adhered to no rules or laws. A large man stepped in front of her, blocking her path. 
“Where do you think you’re going, puta?” 
Rhee bristled. “How dare you!” She pushed at the man, but he was like an oak. He laughed at her pathetic struggles and then, to Rhee’s horror the smelly man picked her up and threw her over his swarthy shoulder. 
“Fresh meat!” he called, as the other men glanced her way, their eyes widening with lust. A few rubbed their crotches and made lewd gestures. Rhee began to struggle in earnest, employing every one of her self defense class tricks. She stuck her thumb into her captor’s jugular and he grunted with surprise and fury. Rhee screeched in outrage as her bottom was walloped so hard she was sure it would be bruised. Nausea bubbled in her stomach as several of the men at the bar stood up and adjusted their pants. Then, they hauled her, kicking and screaming, into the rear room. 
Rhee squeaked as she was thrown down roughly onto a concrete floor. She landed on her left shoulder, hearing a sickening crack and then it immediately went numb. She wondered hazily if it was dislocated. A small light bulb illuminated above her and she blinked rapidly. Her heart was beating a million times a minute as she gazed at the five men who formed a ring around her, circling her like sharks to wounded prey.
“Damn, puta. You know how to fight? Fight me!” 
A smallish, Latino man who seemed to have some status approached, and Rhee waited several agonizing seconds before placing a well-timed and entirely unexpected front kick. There were several surprised whoops as she managed to catch the man in his groin and he fell back, hissing violently. The next guy fared no better, she slipped out of his grasp like an eel. Finally, two men grabbed Rhee and held her motionless as the first man, purple with rage, ripped her shirt straight down the front with a jackknife. There was a collective catcall as her lacy white bra was exposed. Her breasts heaved with anxiety and a rosy blush stained her flesh as the rough men stared. 
Stay calm, Rhee. She saw her opportunity as they leered at her chest, her arms pulled painfully behind her back. Both legs came up and her sharp instep caught one of them right in the nuts. Then, stars danced across her vision as someone backhanded her across the face. Then, her arm was pulled straight and she struggled furiously when she saw the needle poised against her arm.
“Let’s dose this little wildcat. I’m gonna tear her apart,” a voice growled. 
Terrified, Rhee screamed herself hoarse as the needle broke her skin. They’re going to rape me! She tried to struggle, but to her horror, her body stopped responding. After a few moments, she dangled limply in the first man’s grasp, suddenly fascinated by the raised scar on his left cheek. An evil chuckle wafted to her ears as she tried to process what was happened in a detached kind of euphoria. 
Then, Rhee was swimming in a sea of languid confusion. Voices drifted slowly around the room but they didn’t make any sense. There was a slow, deliberate explosion of activity as a series of loud cracks pierced the night. In slow motion, her tormentors wafted out of the room, leaving her crumpled on the floor. Slowly, she managed to pull herself up, her blurry eyes on the dark rectangle that the men had disappeared into. Rhee floated out the door and into the darkness that lay on the other side.
I want to go home. 
She pushed her arms in front of her as though she were doing the breaststroke. Her father’s soft bedtime voice resonated in her ear as a soft, familiar melody played in her mind. A commotion down the corridor sent Rhee in the other direction. 
Fly away, little butterfly…
A cocoon! There was a sleek black cocoon in the parking lot. Rhiannon the butterfly floated towards the cocoon and fell inside. She collapsed into the warm, cozy safeness of the haven. Then, she knew no more.
***
It had been a hard sell, but Dax and the crew had convinced The Chicos to hand over the guns. Well, perhaps “convincing” wasn’t the best choice of words. Sonny had Miguel’s pants down, and was threatening to surgically remove his testicles before The Chicos V.P. had acquiesced. Dax didn’t feel bad about the violence. It had, after all, been the The Phantoms’ deal. He was just sick of the constant stress gunrunning produced. They loaded up quickly, filling the Suburban with the A-Ks. Dax leapt into the driver’s seat and gunned the engine. He tore out of the parking lot, his mind on a nice, cold beer, when Wince spoke up. 
“Uh-Dax?”
“Keep it ‘til we get back to the clubhouse, man.”
“Dax…”
“What the fuck, Wince? Seriously?!”
“I think we picked up a stowaway…”
* * *
Read Satin and Steel:
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/248881 

The Captive 
Ryder wasn’t the kind of man who did favors for the likes of Lord Blackhawk. The man was reputed to be cruel, and the sorry state of his servants stood in sharp contrast to the opulence of Lord Blackhawk’s clothing and estate. The boy who had delivered the missive a fortnight past had been so poorly clothed and underfed that he hadn’t even a layer of fat to protect him from the icy winter chill. Ryder had bristled at seeing this. He harbored a special hatred for those who abused or neglected children. He had given the grateful young boy food, coin, and the cloak from his own shoulders, hoping the child made it back without freezing. 
Yes, men like Blackhawk were scum, in Ryder’s opinion. The last thing he desired was to do the man a good turn. But, the royal family supported the union that Lord Blackhawk pursued. And King Devon was a close personal friend of Ryder’s; a close personal friend who was calling in a long-owed favor. It seemed that the girl Blackhawk desired to wed was unwilling, and had refused to accompany Blackhawk’s men when they had arrived to collect her. 
Unwilling was an understatement. Ryder smiled as he recalled the tale his informants had recounted. The girl could apparently take quite good care of herself. One of Blackhawk’s men had returned with one of his testicles stuffed right back up into his belly. The other had a long gash running the side of his face. Both men had sworn to kill the girl if they ever laid eyes upon her again. Ryder shook his head. How a mere slip of a girl had bested two of the most cutthroat ruffians in the region was beyond him. She must have had help, he surmised. 
Ryder had looked into the girl’s history extensively and had learned that her parents had died when she was hardly more than a child. Her mother had perished from a bout of the fever when the girl was just a babe. Ryder knew how hard it was to grow up without a mother. He assumed things were certainly worse for a young girl to lack a female parent. Perhaps the girl had been allowed to run about, acting the tomboy. Whatever the case, she was of marriageable age, and Blackhawk desired her lands. Certainly, the girl’s mother had been a renowned beauty, but rumors about Seacliff’s daughter had less to do with her appearance and more to do with her stubborn nature. 
Ryder’s men had glimpsed the young mistress of Seacliff riding in her orchards, and had confirmed that she didn’t seem to be much to look at. In fact, until closer inspection, they had thought the small figure they had seen riding at breakneck speed across the land was a young stable boy. Even if her appearance left something to be desired, the girl’s home was a veritable stronghold, situated upon a high bluff overlooking the sea. The keep boasted panoramic views of the mountains and valley. A well-traveled trading route bordered the backwoods. Any man would covet a union just to have access to such valuable lands. 
Ryder had been surprised that the girl was not already promised to another, more influential man. But, according to Blackhawk, a union between Blackhawk and Seacliff had been forged just before the Lord of Seacliff had been killed in a hunting accident several years ago. Blackhawk had the paperwork to prove his claim, and he had every right to collect what was due him. 
The girl was to wed Blackhawk’s eldest son, and King Devon supported this union, probably because Devon aimed to strip Blackhawk of his lands and title once he had enough evidence to prove that the man was unsavory. If Devon helped Blackhawk secure his bride, Blackhawk might believe he had Devon’s support, and he might just let his guard down. So, the girl was likely to be caught in the crossfire, however this was often the plight of high-status, unwed females who had no protectors. 
Ryder sighed as he waited at the seedy inn. The girl’s predicament was none of his concern. He would complete the task as his king had delegated it to him. He was no babysitter, and he certainly did not go about collecting errant brides. But, Ryder had gotten himself into a bit of trouble a few years back, and getting out of it had required that he return Devon’s favor when he called it in. Just this one little transaction, and he would no longer be in the king’s debt. 
Two men approached his table, and Ryder’s hand went silently to his dagger. One man was quite large, but there was something rather off about his demeanor. The shorter man cleared his throat.
“You be Lord Ryder, then?” 
Ryder drew himself up to his full height, feeling a familiar satisfaction as the man shrank back. He dwarfed the first man, but was surprised that the larger man stood a few inches taller than he did. Ryder was quite tall, and well-muscled. It was rare that another man could meet him eye to eye. Too, Ryder had found that his direct, assessing gaze caused the few that did stare at him with challenge to back down swiftly. As he assessed the larger man, he could see that there was definitely something strange about him. He had an almost child-like grin on his face. He moved clumsily, bumping into the table, and nearly setting it on its side.
Ryder steadied the table and motioned for the two men to sit. These were two of Blackhawk’s men, sent to accompany him to the girl’s keep. Looking at the two unwashed cretins, Ryder was reminded again why he always worked alone. He would have to establish some ground rules. He alone would coordinate the retrieval and delivery of the girl to Blackhawk’s estate. The other two would serve as lookout and backup only. 
The shorter man, Lukas, did not appear happy with Ryder’s plan, but he knew better than to argue with a man who was feared by most. The Mercenary of Moreland’s reputation certainly preceded him. The larger man, who was called Milos, nodded happily at the conversation, his eyes drifting frequently to the large breasts of the serving girl who waited on them. Ryder rolled his eyes. This would be a grueling assignment indeed. 
At long last, Ryder told the two men that he would meet them at the dawn’s first light, by the stable. Perhaps they would not show, and he could claim they had simply been too far gone with drink to assist him. He could not wait to rid himself of their presence. It would do him good to collect and deliver the girl to her betrothed, and be done with the whole blasted deal. Ignoring the seductive glances that came his way from several serving girls and female patrons in the bar, Ryder retired to his chamber, alone. 
***
Johanna couldn’t sleep. Every time she closed her eyes, frightening images assaulted her. The men would come for her again, she knew. Shivering, she tried unsuccessfully to block out the memories. She could still feel their grimy hands on her, pulling at her clothes. Foul hot breath in her face, and a low mean voice whispering disgusting things in her ear… 
Muffling a screech, Johanna leapt from her bed and headed to the window seat, which had become the only place she was able to drift into a fitful rest. Something about sitting upright, and keeping a candle burning throughout the night, seemed more secure than lying prone and vulnerable in her bed, as she had been a fortnight ago. The creaky floorboards roused her maid, Lisel, who had taken to sleeping in Johanna’s chamber to make her feel safer, and also to shake Johanna awake when she suffered another one of her nightmares. 
“Another bad one?” Lisel asked softly.
“Nay, friend.” Johanna whispered. “I am not tired. I will just sit here by the window and read for a bit.”
Lisel knew the truth. The poor girl was exhausted. But, night after night of terrified screams that had awakened half the castle illustrated that Johanna had not forgotten the terror of that night, although she might claim to be just fine. Lisel had known Johanna since she was just a babe, and she had never seen the girl in such a state. Her normally rosy cheeks were pale, and her eyes lacked the sparkle they usually had. But, Johanna was strong. She would get herself out of this mess, she would! Yes, Johanna could take care of herself; Rolf had seen to that! 
The burly overseer was quite handsome, Lisel decided. He was a good man, too. He had taught Johanna to defend herself from a young age. Having no mother that she remembered, Johanna had idolized her father, a warrior in his own right. As a child, she had made a sword from two sticks and had run about, pretending to fight. Rolf, noticing her natural skill, had begun to teach her, with the lord’s permission. 
She was an apt pupil, and had proven herself an excellent horsewoman as well. It was a good thing Johanna had learned to defend herself. She had fought off her kidnappers long enough for Rolf to step in and give each of them a good beating of his own before sending them on their way. There was just no way the lord would have promised his only daughter to a stranger, without her consent! 
Lisel sighed in the dark, watching the girl fight sleep. Perhaps a good draught would relax her. It would do no good if Johanna became ill. Lisel snuggled under the covers on her small trundle. She would speak to Rolf in the morning about procuring something to help her mistress rest. 
***
Things had not gone according to Ryder’s plan. In fact, things had fallen apart rather quickly once they had accessed the castle. He shook his head, knowing that he should have trusted his instinct to leave Blackhawk’s henchmen back at the inn. They had camped in the backwoods of Seacliff. In the dead of night, the three men had gained entrance to the keep through a secret door that King Devon had known about. Seacliff had once been a keep that housed the royal family, long ago. Knowing the original architect afforded Devon a lot of useful information. 
Without that knowledge, the keep was impenetrable, bordered as it was on one side by a sheer cliff leading to the sea, and surrounded by a very high stone wall. The stones were placed so tightly that there seemed no place to gain a foothold to scale it. But, no sooner did Ryder mentally congratulate himself on the ease with which they had achieved entry, the big oaf, Milos, had tripped and knocked over a pile of wood, alerting the guards and the large overseer. 
Ryder was surprised at the small number of guards protecting the keep. He assumed that the security of the building itself made a large army of guards unnecessary…in the past. The overseer had fought valiantly, but in the end, he was no match for Ryder. He stopped Milos from delivering a fatal blow to the red-haired man, sensing that he was of good heart. The man tried to protest, and Ryder could tell he was as protective of the girl as he would be of his own daughter. 
Ryder trussed the man up good, and dispatched the three other guards quickly, knocking them senseless, and binding their hands and feet. He almost felt sorry for the dedicated group of men who guarded Seacliff. The men had just been doing their duty, as they were sworn to protect the girl, Johanna. Ryder would do no killing on Blackhawk’s behalf. 
He took in the overseer’s angry, incredulous face and then saw his expression go from disbelief to abject fear. Ryder followed his gaze. He looked to the north tower, where a candle had burned most of the night through. While Ryder had been occupied cleaning up the mess the other two had created, the two henchmen had nearly fallen over themselves in their haste to get to the girl first, no doubt wanting to curry Blackhawk’s favor. 
Sighing, Ryder checked the guards’ restraints, and then raced up the stairs, two at a time. It would do no good to have the girl injured. Blackhawk had given strict orders that she be untouched, but Ryder knew that bad things could happen in the heat of the moment. He expected that they would catch the girl off guard, and that she would be frightened and perhaps more cowed than she had been on the previous attempt to take her. Ryder had just reached the top of the stairs, when a shrill scream issued from the farthest chamber in the hall. 
Johanna shivered in the darkness, clad only in a thin muslin gown. She had been dozing fitfully in her window seat when the alarm had sounded. Raiders! Lisel was already opening the heavy wardrobe door, and Johanna had flown inside, finding the small lever behind her riding cloak, and slipping into the hiding space in the wall. As she hid in the small alcove behind her wardrobe, she struggled to keep her teeth from chattering. One small sound could alert them to her whereabouts. 
Suddenly, she heard the door to her chamber fly open. Through a crack in the wall, she could clearly see her maidservant, Lisel, who was no bigger than a mite, being hauled to the center of the room by a man so tall she could not see his face because he rose higher than the fissure permitted her to see. Lisel’s feet dangled six inches from the ground. 
“I’ll ask you again, where is she?” A raspy male voice, coming from behind the behemoth who held Lisel, demanded that the maid reveal her mistress’s whereabouts. 
Milos grasped the young maid by her shoulders. By virtue of his sheer size, he was intimidating to most grown men, which was surely why the young maid shook with fear. 
“Pretty!” The larger man said, licking his lips as he pulled the serving girl up by her arms. 
“She’s not here, I say!” Lisel insisted. “Mi’lady is far gone…you will never catch her!”
“Perhaps we aren’t being persuasive enough,” the second man said. 
Johanna heard the unmistakable hiss of a whip being pulled from the man’s boot. He raised it to strike poor Lisel, who squeaked in fear. 
Johanna could bear no more. She sprang from her hiding place, startling the two men. They wore dark cloaks and hoods, but she was certain they meant to deliver her to this Blackhawk character. Johanna quickly assessed the situation. The larger man looked slow and cumbersome. She could easily outmaneuver him. The smaller man was cause for alarm; he was swarthy and had a mean glint in his eye. But, although she and Lisel were smaller and female, two against two were odds she thought she could beat, if luck were on her side. After all, she had done it before. She just needed to hold them off until Rolf arrived with reinforcements.
To Johanna’s surprise, her chamber door flew back on its hinges, slamming into the wall behind it, and a third man burst into the chamber. Johanna’s face fell. Now, there seemed no escape. The third man was also quite tall, and he moved with the easy grace of a large feline. The commotion startled the other big man, and he looked back and forth from Johanna to Lisel, seeming confused. 
Johanna wasted no time. Leaping in front of her maid, she grabbed the whip straight out of the shorter man’s hands and faced the giant who held her maid by her wrists. 
“How dare you?! Let her go this instant!” She brandished the whip and tried to appear menacing, unaware that her thin gown left very little to the imagination.
“Mi’lady no!” Lisel gasped. “Please….run!” 
“Milos! Grab her!” 
The big oaf dropped Lisel to the floor like a sack of grain, and took a step toward Johanna, who stood her ground defiantly. Her mind spun. She could sidestep the brute, and get a good slice into the smallest of the three, perhaps, but then she would still be left to deal with this third man, and he seemed the most dangerous. Where in god’s name was Rolf?! 
The third man spoke then, and his voice was deadly calm. 
“Milos. Halt.” 
The most recent intruder had not moved a muscle. Instead, he stood staring at her, a hint of amusement in his icy blue eyes. Well, he had another thing coming. She snapped the whip against the floor with practiced ease. 
“Get out of my chamber immediately you…you…whoreson!” Facing the third man, Johanna spat out the most insulting term she could muster, as adrenaline coursed through her veins. She tossed her long auburn hair out of her face.
Now the third man broke into a wide grin. In fact, he seemed downright amused by her display. Johanna felt hot anger bubbling up in her blood. The whip sang through the air like a striking snake, laying open his cheek. 
Ryder blinked, and then his grin slowly disappeared. He put his hand to his cheek and felt his blood dripping. His eyes narrowed. While her beauty far surpassed the descriptions he had heard, the lord’s daughter was no simpering cowering female. 
“You will most certainly regret that.” 
Ryder reached for her and she snapped the whip again. He disarmed her easily. In three short strides, he had her backed against the wall. She pulled back to strike him, but he grabbed her wrists swiftly, and pinned them to her sides, feeling an unexpected pang of guilt as she squeaked in pain. Then, he tossed the struggling girl over his shoulder, and strode unchallenged out of the castle, the two other louts following closely behind him.
Johanna pummeled the man’s back with blows, but soon found that her struggling was futile. All of her resistance did nothing but sap her energy. She must remain strong and alert! Johanna could hear Lisel’s traumatized screams echo down the stairs after her. At least Lisel had not been hurt, Johanna thought miserably. But what of Rolf? Only death would have stopped the kindly overseer from coming to her aid. Fighting the bile that rose in her throat, and the tears that pricked her eyes, Johanna forced herself to go limp. She would play possum until she was able to escape. 
***
