The Wolf Prince
(The Cursed Princes, Book One)
by Jaymi Hanako
Copyright 2021 by Jaymi Hanako. Original copyright 2017 as “The Wolf Prince” by Amber Jantine. All rights reserved.
Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Epilogue
Excerpt from Roslyn and the Cursed Prince
More Books by Jaymi Hanako
About Jaymi Hanako
Prologue
“Do they suspect anything?”
Luke glanced out of the door to his brother’s bedchamber. The hall was empty. No sign of the servants. He shut the door firmly behind him to ensure it stayed that way. “Not yet. Father accepted my excuse for moving the Midsummer’s Night ball up a few hours.”
“That we need the extra rest after all our travels?” There was a heavy dose of bitterness in Adrian’s voice, and he turned away quickly. But Luke glimpsed a bit of gold twisted about his fingers, along with a hint of a floral scent. His brother held a lock of hair from his lost beloved, stored upon a golden pendant. It was strung onto a leather thong, and it was rare to see it anywhere except on Adrian’s neck.
“There’s no need for you to stay here, little brother. You could go look for her.”
“If she even wants to see me after what I’ve become. Perhaps her family was wise to hide her from me.”
“You don’t believe that.”
Adrian sighed and raked his hand through his hair. “They didn’t approve of my attentions to her before the curse. The only thing that might make them change their mind would be to reveal the truth of our identity.” They had been traveling under assumed aliases, as ordinary sailors, when Adrian met the beautiful merchant’s daughter. “And I can’t take that risk.”
“It would serve Father’s purpose if you got her to renew the engagement. He’s desperate to see our line continued.”
Adrian let out another bitter laugh. “You’re just trying to get out of the ball tonight. What’s wrong, big brother? Not looking forward to having all the most eligible young ladies in the kingdom throw themselves at your feet?”
“For the same reason that you’re reluctant to go after the woman you love. No woman should have to deal with this curse.”
“And some men couldn’t handle it. Edward didn’t.” Their middle brother refused to return home when their father called for them. The last he’d heard, Edward had retreated into complete seclusion on an isolated mountainside, in one country or another. No one was certain which.
“He blames himself for our situation. You know that.”
“But it is his fault!” Adrian turned and slammed his fist into the nearby wall. Plaster shook loose from the ceiling and fell down to coat his black hair. “If he hadn’t insulted that witch—”
“There’s nothing you or I can do to change that now.” The curse would take effect again as soon as the full moon rose tonight. That was why they had asked for the ball to be moved to the late afternoon, rather than following its usual evening schedule. It was the only way he and his brother could make any sort of decent appearance in public before they needed to retreat. “But you’re the one among us who still has the best chance at happiness, if you can find your Roslyn again.”
“I can’t go. I promised Father I would stay until…”
Until the disease that the king was battling ran its final course or Luke found a suitable fiancée to appease their father’s need to see at least one of his sons wed. “I will do my best to ensure you can depart as soon as possible. I only hope that there will be a lady who is not silly enough for me to entertain the thought of possibly spending the rest of my life with her and who is also strong enough to bear marriage with a prince who turns into a wolf.”
“Sounds like you’re hoping for the impossible, big brother.”
Chapter One
“Ella! Where are you? Answer me at once.”
She set her mending aside, rubbing her fingers together to sooth away the many pinpricks. “I am in the kitchen, Stepmother.”
She couldn’t see the older woman’s reaction to her choice of words, but bit back a smile, anyway. The honorable lady hated to be reminded of the fact that Ella was a part of the family, rather than just the help.
The older woman stormed into the room, holding a basket filled with a variety of herbs and roots. It seemed Lady Isabelle had been working in her private section of the garden, a place Ella was forbidden to enter. “Have you seen Catherine? She must get ready for the royal ball.”
“Have you checked the library?”
“Of course.” Her stepmother stomped off and in moments, the door to the library opened. “There you are! Foolish girl, you know tonight is your best chance to impress one of the princes.”
They passed by the kitchen before heading upstairs. Her stepmother kept her hand locked around Catherine’s upper arm, dragging the reluctant young woman toward the stairs. “Ella, make sure my daughter’s gown is ready for her in her room.”
“Should you be calling her away from her preparations, Mother?” Catherine's soft voice was full of its usual distraction, but also unerringly kind.
“What are you talking about, you silly girl?”
“The invitation said that all eligible young ladies of good family should attend this ball. That is why you are forcing me to go, is it not? There is no reason Ella can’t join us.”
“You wish to have the scullery maid join us at the ball? Truly, those books you read have addled your head.”
Unjust criticism, to be sure. Ella’s father had always admired his stepdaughter’s scholarship and often said that it was a pity that she was not a man, for she would easily put any of the king’s most brilliant thinkers to shame with her intelligence.
But intelligence was not a trait that noblemen looked for in their wives, and Lady Isabelle’s one focus in life was to get both of her daughters married off, to the highest-ranking suitors possible.
Ella headed upstairs with Catherine’s ball gown. The repairs to the hem were barely finished, but they would have to do. There had not been enough time to ensure a better job, what with tonight’s event being pushed up several hours earlier than everyone originally expected.
The one other maid employed by the household, a young girl named Maria who lived in the village rather than with them, was already in the dressing room that Catherine shared with her sister, Daphne. The young woman struggled to bind up Daphne’s hair with all the jewels she deemed necessary for a proper appearance.
Daphne raised her chin and looked down upon Ella through her reflection in the dressing room mirror. “Have you brought my sash?”
“I’m afraid there was no time to clean it properly,” Ella said. The item in question was Daphne’s favorite accessory. She wore it with every gown, and the only thing she could bear being seen with more than once.
She stomped her foot as Stepmother and Catherine entered the room. “Mama! This lazy fool has not bothered to bring my favorite sash.”
Stepmother glared at Ella. “Do you have an explanation for yourself?”
“I was finishing the repairs to Catherine’s gown, Stepmother. I thought that more important.”
Daphne snorted. “Hardly. It’s not as if everyone anyone will bother to look at her, since she always hides in corners at these things.”
Catherine turned a brilliant shade of red but said nothing. Ella began helping her change out of her day gown.
“Be that as it may, my darling,” Stepmother said. “We will have to do without it, since the ball will start soon.”
“It’s not fair!” Daphne pouted in a manner more befitting a five-year-old than a young woman of marriageable age. “Just how am I supposed to win the prince over if I am not allowed to look my best?”
“Perhaps we should look at this as a blessing, darling,” her mother said indulgently. “Without the scarf, there will be less to distract His Highness from your beautiful face.”
Maria rolled her eyes and Ella covered her mouth with her hand, coughing to disguise the laugh that she couldn’t quite stop from forming in her throat.
Fortunately, no one noticed.
Ella deftly fastened the buttons at the back of Catherine’s gown. Maria added one last diamond pin to Daphne’s hair before moving to undo the simple braid Catherine wore. Brushing out her long, dark hair. The maid had barely pinned it back up again when the church bells tolled.
Five times. 5 o’clock. The ball was starting.
Lady Isabelle ushered her daughters down the stairs to meet the carriage. Maria left shortly afterwards, leaving Ella alone in the house. After a brief cleanup, she abandoned her chores to head to her tiny room in the attic. A space no larger than a closet, it got ridiculously cold in the winter and damp in the summer. Her ‘home’ since her father died. She pulled out the trunk she kept hidden under the piles of other artifacts that her father had left behind, which her stepmother never looked at.
Perhaps it had not been outwardly valuable enough to appeal to the woman’s greed.
Ella chastised herself for such thoughts. Her father had seen something good in the lady at one point, or else he would never have married her. He had been very lonely after her mother died and had spoken of wanting to give Ella a new mother figure. That she had daughters of her own, who were close to Ella in age, had been seen as an advantage.
Outwardly, it appeared to be an excellent match.
But it had all been a lie. 
The trunk in question was small but exquisitely carved both on the sides and lid. An heirloom passed down through her mother’s family and one of the most precious things that Ella owned. Perhaps she was fortunate that it wasn't the kind of value to catch her stepmother’s attention because if she had known of its existence, she would have wanted to destroy the contents: an ivory silk gown that had belonged to Ella's mother.
Her wedding gown, saved by her request, for the day when Ella married.
Her prospects for finding a husband were nonexistent now, but that didn't mean the dress needed to remain locked away forever. It was the one thing she owned that was close to suitable attire for the Midsummer Night Festival ball.
Not that Ella held any hope or illusion that she might end up dancing with one of the princes. Or anyone else, for that matter.
It was too dangerous. If her stepmother ever found out, there would be a heavy price to pay. Her body would always wear the scars of every time she disobeyed one of her stepmother’s orders. Marks carved into the skin of her back and shoulders.
Getting dressed on her own was difficult, but there she would not have risked asking Maria for help, even if she remained in the house. Not that she didn’t trust the maid, but she wanted to protect her. If this all went bad and became public, she didn’t want anyone else to suffer for her decision.
Ella brushed out her hair and tied it up in a simple knot. Not elegant at all, but it was passable. Then she set out for the palace on foot.
She crossed through her family’s estate rather than walking through the town. Her nose wrinkled as she passed by her stepmother’s walled garden. Lady Isabelle said it contained the ingredients she needed to create her favorite beauty remedies.
Ironic that something meant to make women look good could smell so foul, though the fumes were always worse at this time of the year.
Ella vividly remembered the one time she had slipped into the enclosed space, shortly after her father died. She had brushed up against one particularly unremarkable looking plant, with its pointed, oval-shaped leaves and purplish brown flowers, and ended up with horrible sores all over her body.
Her stepmother had laughed, saying that it was proof that Ella would never be beautiful, not if the so-called ‘beautiful lady’ bush made her so ugly.
She skirted around that section of the estate, but the scent produced by it seemed to follow her on the wind. She picked up the pace, slipping a few times in her ill-fitting leather slippers.
It was nearly sundown by the time she arrived, and though the footmen gave her strange looks for arriving the way she did, they didn’t send her away, either.
She didn’t go directly to the ballroom. Ella knew her way around the palace fairly well, having visited there as a child. Her father had advised the king occasionally, though that stopped shortly after he married his second wife. Lady Isabelle had always resented the time that her father spent away from his family. Or rather, she resented any time that was not devoted to her and her own daughters. She never approved of Father spending time with Ella.
As she slipped around the back of the palace, her breath caught in her throat. Although the main party was being held indoors, the gardens were beautifully decorated. Strings of miniature lanterns were set up all around the walkways, giving the entire area a fairy-like glow.
The music from the ballroom was audible even from this distance, and she recognized an old favorite of her mother’s. She swayed slightly, twirling about in the same steps she remembered mother and father using when she was a child, as they waltzed about their parlor together. Neither of Ella’s parents had been very fond of attending formal balls or other events, but they always loved to dance.
She stumbled several times as her worn leather shoes slipped off her feet. They had been handed down from Daphne, whose feet were larger than Ella’s.
An odd noise caught her attention.
She heard voices. Following the sounds, she peered through the bushes. She immediately recognized Prince Luke and Prince Adrian.
The entire kingdom was aware of how the king’s three sons had gone off to find adventure in foreign lands, but only two returned. There were some rumors whispered about what happened to the other prince, Edward, but no one was certain whether he was alive.
Both princes wore agitated expressions, constantly glancing over their shoulders. Were they sneaking away from the ball?
It seemed a bit… strange, to say the least.
There was no secret as to the main reason for tonight’s event. King Nicholas was seriously ill. No one knew if he would see the end of the season, much less the year, and he made it clear he wanted to see one or more of his sons wed before he died. That was why they made a point of emphasizing—no, requiring—all young ladies of marriageable age and of certain family status to attend and be introduced.
So why would the princes be sneaking away? Ella doubted there had been enough time to meet everyone at the ball who was desiring their acquaintance. They had cut their travels short at their father’s request—making it clear that they were not completely averse to sacrificing some of their pleasures for the king’s sake. A single evening surrounded by debutantes and their scheming, ambitious mothers should not have been too much for them to bear.
And yet…
She caught her skirt in her hands, holding it higher than was proper to move as silently as possible. Followed them deeper into the gardens. They paused at the edge of a wilder, wooded area reserved for hunting parties held by the royal family. Off-limits to everyone else, except by the strictest invitation.
The two men were carrying lanterns, for the sun had set, and the outside was completely dark. The moon just peeking over the horizon and casting little light at the moment.
Outside of their strange behavior, something about them fascinated Ella. In particular, she couldn’t take her eyes off the elder prince, Luke. Perhaps it was because she had some familiarity with Adrian. They were close in age and had known each other as children.
The eldest prince was ten years older than his youngest brother and twelve years older than Ella.
He had always been a rather striking young man, with his black hair and bright blue eyes, but the years had made him into something more. He stood head and shoulders taller than most men, and there was an air of strength in the cut of his jaw and the way he held his shoulders.
Then, as if this evening wasn’t already strange enough, the brothers did something even more unexpected. They removed their heavy brocade coats and tossed them to the ground, without a care for the expensive fabric.
Luke took off his shirt, revealing golden tan skin and a powerful, muscular body that made Ella’s mouth go dry. A funny little pulsing took up residence between her legs. As if her heartbeat had dropped down there and she flushed hot in a way that she never experienced before. Like an open flame coursing through her body, just under her skin.
Ella knew she should look away, that she was seeing something no proper young lady should observe. Her heart pounding so hard that she half-expected that the two princes to hear it.
Luke reached for the fastenings on his trousers. She glimpsed slightly paler skin, firm and rounded buttocks, along with muscular legs and as he turned partly in her direction, of something else.
Something she didn’t have a name for.
Both princes now stood in the gardens naked The moonlight touched their skin, highlighting every inch of their forms. Luke jumped ever so slightly and glanced in her direction, though Ella was certain that she had not made a single sound.
His eyes widened, and she expected him to call her out, to shout at her for invading his privacy, but instead he threw back his head and let out a howl.
An eerie sound, more animal than man.
Ella shivered as Adrian echoed him, the chorus of cries freezing her in place.
The sound was one that every young child in the kingdom learned to fear, although wolves had been hunted out of the region nearly a century ago.
The princes twisted and turned, convulsing and letting out pained whimpers as fur sprouted everywhere and their faces elongated into distinctive snouts with wickedly sharp teeth. The whines turned into mournful pleas, as if some small part of them that was still human knew what was happening and grieved the loss.
As the full moon illuminated the gardens with its eerie glow, the princes disappeared. Replaced by a pair of wolves that were each larger than any man. As if becoming beasts made them grow in some strange way.
The creature that had once been Prince Luke still faced Ella’s general location. She held her breath as it raised its muzzle in the air, sniffing hard. The wind blowing her scent right toward him.
He let out a snarl and lunged forward. Ella stumbled backwards, her ill-fitting shoes sliding off her feet as she turned to run. There was no time to recover the slippers, no time for anything else at all.
A heavy hedge stood between her and the former prince, and it seemed he could not pass through it. It might just buy her enough time…
Both wolves were running toward her. Suddenly, the larger one snapped at the smaller, making it yelp and retreat.
Now, only one wolf was on her trail. The one that used to be the Crown Prince.
She raced back toward the palace, ignoring how the gravel and stones of the garden paths tore at her feet. Only when she could run no longer and her lungs felt like they were about to burst did she fall to her knees and waited to be torn to shreds.
But there was nothing now. Just silence.
She glanced over her shoulder, and from the slightly elevated position she caught sight of the two black wolves as they disappeared into the dark forest…
Chapter Two
It was the first morning since the witch had cursed him that Luke didn’t wake up with the taste of blood in his mouth after a full moon. He let out a groan and heard an answering sound nearby. Glanced at Adrian. His brother looked as dazed as he was, but at least there was no sign of any gore on him, either.
Not that there was much for them to hunt now that they were home. The forest behind the palace stocked with fowl and other small animals. He remembered there being some deer as well, but it was obvious that they had encountered none of those creatures during the night.
There was, however, a small mark on his nose. A cut that looked like it had been inflicted by a claw.
A wolf’s claw.
Had he struck his brother?
Odd.
Luke’s valet emerged from the bushes, carrying fresh sets of clothing for them. Carter had been with them during their travels and was one of only two people entrusted with the truth of the brothers’ curse.
As they dressed in their simple shirts and trousers, Luke avoided looking at his brother, and he sensed Adrian was feeling much the same way. This was how it always happened during a full moon. Even though they went through it together, it was not an experience easily shared.
Carter cleared his throat. “I beg your pardon, Your Highnesses. But I’m afraid there might have been an incident last night.”
“Incident?” He and Adrian had deliberately moved as far away from the palace as they could before the moon took control of their bodies.
And yet he had a vague memory of someone watching him last night. A pair of bright green eyes in a pretty, heart-shaped face…
But that had to be nothing more than just another form of madness. Wasn’t it?
“I found these near the last hedgerows.” In the same area where he and Adrian had undergone their transformation. Carter held out a pair of very worn-looking leather shoes. The delicate embroidery on the leather showed that it belonged to a woman. “And there are traces of blood on one path leading from the garden back to the palace.”
Luke silently cursed. Adrian was far more vocal in his displeasure. He glared at his older brother’s valet with a growl that nearly matched the one he might have given while in the shape of a wolf. “You were supposed to make sure that no one would disturb us last night.”
“Adrian. He couldn’t possibly have been everywhere at once, and these gardens are vast with many paths.”
His brother scowled. “And what if we inflicted some woman with this curse? It’s bad enough for us, but—”
“I know, I know. You don’t have to tell me that.” Luke held out some slight hope that things were not as bad as that. After all, if either he or his brother had bitten or clawed someone, there would have been some evidence on their hands or their mouths this morning? He took the shoes from his servant and examined them more closely, but there was no trace of any damage to the leather. “Show me where you found these.”
Carter guided them back to the edge of the garden. Showed them the delicate footprints and the very faint traces of red splattered on the stones and rocks along the path.
Luke knelt down for a closer look. Though he hated the way the curse took control of his body, he had to admit that it was useful, in that it also enhanced his senses. He smelled some of the fear that the woman had been feeling, but there was no hint that she had been in any actual pain.
Still… “We need to find her.”
“How, Your Highness? We can’t simply go about the city and ask anyone if they lost a pair of slippers at the ball last night.”
“That won’t be necessary. I should be able to track her by her scent.”
“I don’t know about this, Luke.”
“We have to find out what she knows.” But how would he be able to talk to her alone? Despite the age of the slippers, the quality of the original workmanship made it clear that whoever they would be dealing with was most likely not a servant, but one of the young debutantes from the ball.
And no proper young lady would be allowed to speak with him without a chaperone. Unless… “We’ll pretend that I met her last night,” Luke said. “Then we’ll tell the family that I am considering making my proposals to her.”
“That’s mad, big brother! Do you really want to risk being tied down to someone you don’t even know?”
“If she knows the truth about us, she’ll likely refuse me. Or at least do her best to try.” Depending on how ambitious her family was, he might end up married to this woman. Yet something about this woman’s scent intrigued him and appealed to a basic instinct. Roused his body.
Perhaps it was the animal in him, somehow trying to claim her as a mate or some primitive thing like that. But he wasn’t about to tell his brother about that. “Either way, it will be less awkward than finding a bride and then showing her what the curse is all about. At least this woman will know the truth from the beginning.”
They decided that Carter should be the one to make the first approach. The first official approach, at any rate. He would announce to the family that Luke was coming to visit.
Luke followed the faint trail away from the palace. He was a little surprised to find it led into one of the more fashionable districts of the city, but not to a home that he was in any way familiar with. It looked rather run down and neglected, an eyesore to its neighbors, with overgrown gardens and signs of disrepair on the structure itself.
Which perhaps explained the state of the young lady’s slippers. This wouldn’t be the first noble family to find themselves in hard times.
He turned and was about to return to fetch Carter when a faint sound caught his attention. Coming from the back of the manor house.
Curiosity got the best of him. He slipped through the gates and onto the property. It did not appear that anyone was working in the gardens, so he made his way around the building unseen.
A young woman knelt on the paving stones near the service entrance of the manor. Her face buried in her hands as she cried.
The wind brought a trace of her scent to Luke and though he couldn’t see her face, he realized this must be the girl he had seen the night before.
But there was something wrong now. The scent of blood was stronger.
Not to mention the fact that she was dressed in rags, rather like a very ill-treated servant. But that made no sense. The invitations to the ball had been very clear about who was to attend.
Then she turned ever so slightly, and even from this distance, he saw the marks on her pale skin, visible through rips in her clothing. Long, thin lines that could only have come from a whip.
A low growl that rumbled deep in his chest. Whoever she was, she didn’t deserve to be beaten like this. He longed to step out of the shadows and take her in his arms, to shield her from whoever hurt her, but to do so now would only frighten her further.
Luke would have to rely on his valet to get some of the answers, but he already knew one thing for certain: this was the woman he would marry.
* * * *
It was foolish to cry. A sign of weakness.
Ella smashed the heels of her palms into her eyes. The tears would not stop falling. Her feet still ached from running barefoot on the stones the night before, but it was nothing compared to the fresh whip marks on her back.
Lady Isabelle had been furious to discover that Ella lost her shoes, and that was excuse enough for her punishment. She had beaten Ella for far less grievous offenses in the past.
Ella swept away the last of her tears, then hurried up to her room. She had a lengthy list of chores to begin this morning but couldn’t appear anywhere in the home while in this state. Her stepmother would not care to see the results of her handiwork. Ella needed to get cleaned up as best as she could, and she would have to repair the fresh tears in her simple gown before she would be considered presentable enough to scrub floors and clean the kitchen.
She let out a harsh laugh. Though what was the worst that Stepmother could do to her now? Ella would only obey for the sake of her stepsister, Catherine. She might notice if Ella ended up with further injuries and if she questioned her mother…
Ella doubted her stepmother would ever be as cruel to one of her own daughters as she was to her, but she wouldn’t take that risk. Catherine was often distracted and had no inclination to help Ella with anything around the house, but she was kind in her own way.
She did not deserve her mother’s wrath.
Daphne, on the other hand…
That would never happen. Ella’s older stepsister never noticed anything or anyone unless it benefited herself. She was also her mother’s favorite.
The stitches on her bodice were too sloppy for her liking. Yet they would have to do. At least they held the garment together somewhat decently. Ella dressed herself, then headed downstairs and started with sweeping the front hall tile floor to prepare it for a deeper scrubbing.
As she grabbed her bucket and brush, there was a knock on the front door. Since Maria was busy upstairs in other parts of the house, Ella answered it. “Yes?” She hastily dropped in a courtesy when she recognized the livery that the two men were wearing: the cobalt and gold of the Royal Palace. “May I help you?”
“Palace business,” the older man said. His words were very proper, but his gaze made her uncomfortable. There was nothing unfriendly about it. It just seemed to contain more curiosity than the moment merited. “I need to speak to ladies of the house as soon as possible.”
“Of course.” Ella showed him into the sitting room and departed to fetch her stepmother. She was in Daphne’s room, consulting with her daughter over some very serious matters of lace and other finery. “I’m sorry to interrupt, Stepmother. But a man from the palace has just arrived to speak with you.”
Lady Isabelle’s face lit up and twisted into a grimace that could almost be a smile. “Of course,” she said. “Come along, Daphne. Ella, go fetch my other daughter.”
“Whatever could this be about, mother?” Daphne asked. “Do you really think it’s important? We need this order placed as soon as possible, if I’m to have my new gowns for Lady Grace’s social.”
“I have every confidence that one of the princes was swept away by your beautiful face and perhaps wishes to pay his attentions to you.”
“Then why are you sending Ella to get Catherine?”
“Because this is an important moment for our entire family. Your sister should be there to witness it.” Her smile twisted again, becoming its more natural expression of a scowl as she looked at Ella. “Well, what are you still doing here? Get moving.”
Normally, that tone of voice might have made her wince, but at the moment she was too busy trying to hide her amusement. Knowing how the princes had slipped away from the ball the night before, and at such an early hour, it seemed unlikely that Daphne spent even five minutes with either of them. Perhaps she had not even progressed beyond a simple introduction, considering how many other ladies had also been vying for attention.
But Lady Isabelle’s arrogance would never allow her to admit that she could receive visitors from the palace for any other reason but a prince’s intentions towards her daughter. And only to her favorite daughter.
Ella found Catherine in her usual spot, deep inside the library. There was quite a bit of dust in her stepsister’s dark brown hair, no doubt from some of the neglected books she had been digging about in. She helped her brush it off and straightened her already rumpled gown, knowing that her stepmother would not approve of Catherine’s current appearance. But they needed to make the best of it as possible.
As she did so, she explained the situation.
Catherine’s brow furrowed. “It’s very strange. There was quite a scandal, you know,” she said with a smile, the small dimple in her left cheek making a fleeting appearance. “What with the way the princes abandoned the company without asking for a single dance from any of the girls.”
“Well, the men are wearing the livery of the palace. And they asked to meet with the ladies of the house.”
“Are you coming with me?”
“Your mother won’t want me there.” But Ella was extremely curious about what was going on. “I’ll be just outside the room, however, if any of you need me.”
“No, you’re not. You’re coming with me.” Catherine grabbed Ella by the hand and pulled her out of the library with her. “No matter what Mother says, you’re still my sister.”
“That’s very kind of you, but—” Ella didn’t quite manage to pull her hand away, and Catherine dragged her down the stairs. To her surprise, the entire party was in the front hall, rather than in the room where she’d shown the men to earlier.
Whatever was going on couldn’t be good, judging by the way both Lady Isabelle and Daphne were pouting.
The elder of the two men turned and looked at her with that same curious expression on his face. “Ah, yes. I believe that’s the young lady they have sent me to find.”
“Me?” Catherine said.
“Why on earth would a prince be interested in her? All she does is read books all day.” Daphne stomped her foot. “It’s not fair, mama. You always said I would be the one to get married first, not Catherine.”
Ella didn’t know how the men kept their composure. But when they stepped forward, they did not turn to her stepsister, but to her. Bowed to her as if they were attending a courtly function, rather than confronting a girl dressed in rags. “My lady, Prince Luke was quite taken with you last night.”
“There must be some mistake!” Lady Isabelle cried. “This girl would never have been at the ball.”
“She’s nothing but a scullery maid,” Daphne said. “Can’t you see that for yourself?”
Ella’s face flamed.
Before she could say anything, however, Catherine cleared her throat. “Ella is our stepsister, the daughter of the late Lord Anthony.” She shot her mother and sister a glare, something she never dared to do before. She visibly shook, yet her voice gained strength with every word. “The fact that she’s wearing rags right now cannot deny her birth.”
“Catherine! If I’ve told you about this once, I must have told you it a thousand times—”
“I don’t care how you complain, Mother. This is the right thing to do. You’ve been denying Ella’s place in our family for too long.”
The elder of the palace servants coughed. It was impossible to tell if it was a way to cover up laughter, or if he was trying to get their attention. “I beg your pardon, but if you allow me to send for the prince, we can have all of this sorted out in very short order.”
Lady Isabelle nodded. “That’s a good idea. It’s clear that he sent a fool who can’t judge properly in his place.”
The younger of the two servants headed off at a run, and it wasn’t long before the sound of the carriage being drawn up to the front of the manor was heard. Ella would have retreated, but Catherine still held onto her hand and would not release her.
This time, Lady Isabelle herself opened the door, and Prince Luke strode in. Alone.
“Oh, Your Highness,” Ella’s stepmother said. “Thank you for gracing us with your presence in our humble home.”
He barely nodded and his eyes locked on Ella. “Lady Ella?”
Daphne let out a wail. “She’s not—”
“Hush,” Catherine said.
Luke stepped forward and bowed before her. He reached for Ella’s hand and kissed the back of it. “It is a pleasure to see you again.”
This couldn’t be happening. How had he found her? He had appeared to be completely consumed by his animal instincts last night. Or almost.
Somehow, she found the presence of mind to drop into a curtsy. “Your Highness.”
He had not released her hand. His grip was very warm and solid. And once again, those strange feelings were racing throughout her body. She trembled.
“Are you afraid of me?” he asked softly. His blue eyes were exquisitely expressive. Full of doubt, anxiety… and something else she couldn’t identify.
“N-no.” The answer surprised even herself, yet she knew it was true. Even when he could have torn her to shreds, he had let her go. And at the moment, it was hard to remember the fact that he was a beast at all.
“Excellent.” He smiled, perhaps to cover the uncertainty evident in that single word, and the beauty of that expression took her breath away all over again. Luke dropped to one knee, and gave her hand a gentle squeeze. “Lady Ella, will you marry me?”
Chapter Three
For the first time since deciding to go through with the marriage proposal, Luke faced the very real possibility that she would reject him. So far, she had given no indication of what she witnessed the night before, and it seemed that the others did not know about the incident either.
That alone was nearly enough to justify what he had just said. The other reasoning?
Before, thoughts of Ella had been little more than a vague memory and an enticing scent. But now, she was much more.
Those eyes… He could almost drown in their green depths. Even with the grime on her face and dressed in rags, she was one of the most exquisite women that he had ever seen in his life.
He wanted her.
“You don’t even know me,” she said.
It wasn’t a ‘yes’ but at least it wasn’t an immediate ‘no’ either. “I know enough.” Maybe, maybe not. But his gut told him that this was right. And not just because this was an opportunity to play the hero for a damsel who was obviously in distress. It was a moment to forget the monster inside him. “Adrian remembers you. He told me everything.”
Her eyes widened. “I haven’t seen him since…”
Her voice faded away, and her eyes looked shiny. He knew exactly when she last met with his brother: before her father died. After he’d seen her earlier, he had gone back to tell Carter and Adrian what he discovered, and his brother recognized the address. He had told him everything about Ella’s family situation, as best as he knew it.
And even if Adrian had said nothing, it would have been obvious that she was in a bad place. The scents of her stepmother and one of her stepsisters made Luke want to wrinkle his nose in disgust. He couldn’t exactly put his finger on what bothered him so much, for it seemed to result from yet another instinct of the wolf.
But even if he didn’t know how they were treating Ella, if he hadn’t seen the proof of their cruelty in the whip marks on her back, he still would have assumed them to be terrible.
Regardless of his feelings, however, the Lady Isabelle was still legally Ella’s closest relative and might try to object to her marriage.
Of course, there was still a good chance that Ella would reject him before it came to that.
Luke looked at the others. “Could we have a few minutes alone, please?”
Even though he phrased it as a question, he made sure that they understood it was more of an order.
One stepsister, the one holding Ella’s other hand, stepped forward. “Ella, why don’t you take him into the library? You two can talk there.”
Without a word, she nodded and gestured for him to follow her. There were no objections. Perhaps her stepmother and everyone else were too stunned by what had happened.
It didn’t matter if they tried to protest or not, because he wasn’t leaving here until he talked to Ella.
Alone.
They reached the room in question, and Luke sneezed. Besides the usual smells of musty old paper normal of a library, this one also had a great deal of dust. Which indicated that it was hardly used.
Not at all what he would have expected, knowing what he did of Ella’s father.
“Catherine likes to study here, but no one else does.”
Her quiet explanation made it clear that she had somehow read his expressions and deduced what he was thinking. That was either a very good thing or a very bad one. He wasn’t quite sure which, just yet. “You don’t read? I got the impression from Adrian that you—”
Ella’s beautiful face took on a pained expression, and she shook her head. “Not since my father died.”
Judging from the way she was dressed, it was clear that her stepmother didn’t allow her the time for such things. It appalled him that anyone would dare treat a nobleman’s daughter like this, to turn her into a servant within her own home. “Then why do you stay?”
“Where would I go?”
True. He had not thought of that. “You could have a new home now, if you say yes.”
She turned her back at him, and he saw where she had stitched up the back of her bodice after the whip damaged it. Was this the only gown she owned? “Why would you want to marry me, anyway? None of this makes any sense.”
Instead of answering her directly, he said, “I should have brought your shoes with me. The ones you lost in the garden.”
“Is that how you found me?”
“Yes.” He took a deep breath, and despite his agitation, he savored her delicious scent. “How much did you see last night?”
“Too much, apparently.”
“So you know what my brother and I have become, yet you say you’re not afraid of me.”
She ran her finger along one row of books and examined the dust accumulated on the tip instead of looking back at him. “I should be.”
“But you’re not.” Even though she’d been trembling earlier, and still shook now, her scent made it clear that there was no fear in her. Instead, there was a hint of something more intriguing. Something he understood at a basic level, rather than rationally.
She wanted him.
He doubted she was fully aware of, or understood, the way she was reacting to him. But he knew, and he intended to take full advantage of it.
“Your Highness, you’ve made me a very generous offer. But I’m afraid I cannot accept a marriage proposal for the sake of finding a new home.”
“I wouldn’t call what I offered generous.” Luke stepped closer. Ella swallowed hard but did not give ground. “On the contrary, I’m being rather selfish.”
“I don’t understand.”
“First, you must know the expectations of me. What my father wants. And it would be very difficult for me to find a woman to marry, only to have her discover what I am after we are wed.”
“Yes, but—”
“You’re also the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen.”
Ella grew flustered, running a hand over her cheek and through her hair as if suddenly aware of her disheveled appearance. “Looks alone are not enough to base a marriage on.”
“It’s a start.” He drew ever closer and now he felt the heat from her body. He placed one hand under her chin, forcing her to keep her beautiful green eyes locked on his face, as he used his other hand to caress her cheek. Despite the dirt, her skin was as soft as silk. “Something to build on.”
“I’m not sure that—”
Luke didn’t give her a chance to finish, unable to resist temptation any longer. He swooped in, covering her mouth with his.
A low groan rumbled deep in his chest. Her lips were indeed as soft and as sweet as they looked, and they parted ever so slightly beneath his.
She quivered like a leaf now and tried to draw back, but he simply followed her, without breaking the connection between their lips.
Her back hit the shelf of books and she let out a small whimper. Reminding him of her injuries. He raised his head but could not resist running a finger along her lower lip. “Don’t tell me you didn’t feel something, just now.”
Her green eyes had grown very dark, and she was breathing hard. “What just happened?”
“I could show you again, if you want.”
She stared up at him. “I don’t think that’s wise.”
“Why not?”
“It’s not very proper. I shouldn’t even be alone with you right now.”
“It wasn’t very proper for you to have watched me undress in the gardens last night, either.”
Ella’s face turned a brilliant shade of scarlet and her scent flooded with embarrassment. “I didn’t think you knew about that,” she whispered.
“I’ll admit that my memories are fuzzy. They always are after the full moon. But the one thing I couldn’t forget was you.” He leaned in to kiss her again. Not to prove his point, but because he wanted to.
This time, her lips softened beneath his.
He coaxed her mouth open, sliding his tongue between her lips. She gasped into his mouth and at first, he thought he had gone too far. But then, as he withdrew, her tongue snaked out and touched his.
Groaning, he cupped both hands around her face, holding her steady as he deepened the kiss. Hunger and need tightened his body. Made him hard. He savored the taste of her lips, the gentle way her lips and her tongue moved to follow his lead.
Oh yes, being married to her would be a very good thing, indeed.
It was taking all of his self-control not to crush her in his arms, but he sensed that he would hurt her more than give her pleasure if he did. As much as he wanted to feel her body against his, perhaps it would be best to let that wait until their wedding night. If for no other reason than to let her heal from her stepmother’s cruelty.
But there was one other thing he could indulge himself in right now…
Luke tore his mouth from hers, dipping his head so he could nuzzle his lips against the soft spot behind her ear. Ella let out a small cry and moved closer, as if she too needed to feel their bodies touching. He ravished her neck, licking, kissing and nibbling, yet being careful not to leave any marks that might lead to questions from her relatives.
He was a heartbeat away from forgetting all the reasons he shouldn’t take her, from pushing her up against the shelves more firmly and lifting her skirts. To plunge inside her and make her truly his.
But that needed to wait.
Luke lifted his head, staying close enough that each of her quick, hot breaths puffed against his lips. “Marry me,” he whispered. “And I promise you that there will be much more time for us to enjoy each other like this.”
“Yes,” she whispered. Then she gasped and covered her hands with her mouth.
But Luke wasn’t about to give her a chance to change her mind. He grabbed her by the hand and pulled her out of the library with him. “I’m pleased to announce that Lady Ella has accepted my proposal of marriage.”
One stepsister wailed, and Ella’s stepmother turned pale. “Your Highness, I—”
“It would be best if she comes to the palace with me today,” he said. He didn’t trust this old woman. Once the shock wore off, she would try to stop the wedding. Or worse. He wasn’t about to leave Ella in her clutches, not if he could help it. “There’ll be much preparation to be done and we must be wed as soon as possible for the sake of my father.”
“Your Highness, it’s a very improper for a young lady to live alone with—”
“Catherine could come with me,” Ella said quietly. Luke looked at her with surprise, having half-expected her first words to be a way of trying to get out of this sudden arrangement, rather than trying to smooth things over. “She could be my chaperone, Stepmother.”
“It would be more appropriate if Daphne went with you. After all, she is the oldest.”
The woman was scheming and devious, Luke could see that now. She would want her elder daughter placed at the palace, hoping it would give her an opening to sabotage things. “I think it would be best to do as my intended wishes, my lady,” Luke said. Forced a pleasantness into his voice that he didn’t really feel. He turned to the younger of the two stepsisters, bowing to her. “Lady Catherine, I hope it will not be too much trouble for you to join Lady Ella at the palace.”
The young woman’s eyes widened, and she still appeared to be in shock. “I… I would be honored, Your Highness.”
Her sister screamed and paced about in a rather remarkable tantrum. And Luke was very glad that he had stood his ground in this. He eyed the Lady Isabelle, waiting for her response.
“Very well,” she said. “If you can send a carriage for the girls in about two hours, I will have them ready by then.”
“I don’t mind waiting.” Did she really think he was stupid enough not to realize the danger of leaving without his fiancée? “And I suppose if you and the Lady Daphne can spare the time to have tea with me in the meantime, it would be an excellent opportunity for us to get to know each other. Since you’ll be family as well.”
“But how? Ella usually—”
“Ella and I can take care of all our packing ourselves so Maria can serve the tea, Mother,” Catherine said.
The Lady Isabelle clearly did not appreciate her daughter speaking up in this way, for her expression turned sour. But it was a fleeting thing, gone in a moment, and as she turned to Luke, she plastered on a false smile. “Very well, Your Highness. Please come this way.”
Chapter Four
“You’ve been keeping secrets, Ella,” Catherine said.
Of course she had, but not the ones that her stepsister alluded to. “What do you mean?”
“You never mentioned that you knew the prince.”
“No one ever asked me.” Which was true enough, even though at the moment, she wasn’t referring to Prince Luke, but his younger brother, Adrian. “I used to visit the palace with my father when he would go there to advise the king.”
“Then why did he wait so long to ask you to marry him?”
“For one thing, I was hardly of marriageable age back then.”
“True.” Catherine grabbed her arm when she would have gone upstairs to her tiny attic room, pulling her into her own bedchamber instead. “But you also went to the ball last night, didn’t you?”
“I didn’t want to tell you about that. I knew how your mother felt about me attending.”
Her stepsister let out a sharp huff of air. “And she was wrong about that.” She stepped behind Ella and reached for the buttons running down the back of her tattered gown. “Let’s find something else for you to wear.”
“I have nothing else.”
“Don’t be silly. I meant that you can borrow something of mine. We’re nearly the same size, anyway.”
Ella’s heart warmed in a way that it hadn’t done since her father died. Her instincts had been right: Catherine truly was a good person. “You don’t have to do that.”
“I want to. Besides,” she said, her voice taking on a teasing note. “I know you’ll want to make a good impression when you meet with your soon-to-be father-in-law this afternoon.”
Ella flinched. She had not really thought that far ahead, about what this engagement to the prince would mean.
She still couldn’t believe that she had accepted his strange proposal. But there was no way to take it back now.
It was the kiss that had done her in. She never expected it to happen, and the soft feel of his lips against hers made her body react in a way she’d never thought possible. It fogged her mind and made her say yes before she realized what she was doing. “Let’s not talk about that. The thought of meeting the king again terrifies me.”
She had been too young to be afraid before. And there had not been the same expectations attached to those encounters as there would be now.
“I’m sure Prince Luke wouldn’t have proposed to you if he didn’t think you could handle it.” Catherine moved to her wardrobe, throwing open the double doors to stare at the variety of gowns inside. Most were ball gowns, meant for very formal social events. And there was a decidedly less vast selection than what Daphne had available to her.
She drew out a simple morning gown of plain brocade. Dark green with only the slightest trim around the collar. “I suspect this will look far better on you than it ever did on me. Too bad we don’t have time to trim it up a little better.”
“It will be fine.” More than fine. It was a far higher quality garment than anything she had worn since her father’s death.
Ella struggled with the buttons of her gown, not wanting her stepsister’s help with that. But of course, there was no stopping Catherine when she finally decided to do something. She helped Ella undress and let out a brief gasp when she got a good look at her ravaged back. “What happened?”
“Broke another one of your mother’s rules.”
“I’m sorry.”
“You don’t need to apologize. It’s not your fault.”
“I’d wager it wasn’t your fault, either.”
Ella glanced over her shoulder at her stepsister. Catherine look paler than she had ever seen her before and she swayed slightly, as if she were about to faint. “I never got a chance to thank you for what you did down there.”
“It was nothing. Someone should have done the right thing for you, a long time ago.”
“But thank you anyway.” The old dress fell from her body and dropped to the floor. Ella stepped out of it. Now she stood in only her light cotton lawn shift and nothing else. “That’s why I wanted you to come with me to the palace.”
“I don’t need you to protect me from my mother.”
“That’s not the reason I’m doing this.”
“And I’m not looking for some reward for what I did, either. It wasn’t worth that much.”
Easy for her to say. It meant everything to Ella, knowing the true risk that Catherine had taken. “Let’s just put it this way: I’d much rather have you with me than Daphne.”
Her stepsister laughed. “Guess I can’t blame you for that.” She pulled the gown into place and began fastening the buttons in the back. It fit her surprisingly well and was just a little tight in the chest area. Catherine pulled Ella toward a large mirror. “You see? I told you this would look good on you.”
She had to admit that her stepsister was right. The dark green was reflected in her eyes, intensifying the natural color of her irises. It was also cut in a way meant to hug one’s figure. The rags she had been allowed to wear tended to hide her figure, rather than flaunt it.
But it didn’t make her look like a princess. Or like someone worthy of marrying a prince. “We should get started on the packing. I don’t want to make Prince Luke wait any longer than he absolutely has to.”
“Good idea.” Catherine turned into her wardrobe again, pulling out a large chest. “What do you think I should take? Considering that this will have to last for both of us for a while.”
She had a point there. It was unlikely that Lady Isabelle would release any funds for Ella’s clothing with the way she often claimed poverty, and if she thought she could get away with it.
Not that Ella wanted to ask her stepmother for anything.
She only hoped that the prince would be willing to help her with her wardrobe, so she wouldn’t embarrass him in front of everyone.
It took nearly an hour to go through Catherine’s things, mainly because her stepsister didn’t know exactly what would be appropriate to wear at court. Ella wasn’t certain either, for all of her knowledge about the subject was more than a decade old and from the perspective of a child.
They headed up to the attic together, though there wasn’t much that Ella thought she could take. To be honest, there wasn’t a lot she wanted. There was a small portrait of her father, along with her mother’s trunk, but there were no other paintings left from her parents’ time.
Lady Isabelle had burned the only portrait of her entire family, along with the one of her mother and father together on their wedding day, shortly after Ella’s father died. She hated any reminder of the past, and likely would have gotten rid of Ella for the same reason, if not for the fact that the estate had been left in her name, with her stepmother as trustee until Ella turned twenty-five.
That was still another four years away.
And by rights, that meant she most likely would have the power to kick her stepmother and stepsisters out of the house when the time came, but the promise she made her father at his deathbed still bound her. He had begged Ella to take care of them.
But she was done with that now, of doing anything beyond letting them live in her family home. Done taking care of them, or anyone else in this household, except for Catherine. She would also take Maria with her if possible, but that would require an explanation that she wasn’t ready to give.
If only it was possible to take her father’s library with them too. That would be her one major regret in leaving this house, especially since she knew her stepmother valued it not at all. She would likely sell it all off as soon as she got the chance, and not for anything close to what it was worth.
Prince Luke sent his men upstairs to help the girls bring their trunks down. There was a definite strain on the prince’s face when Ella saw him again. Though her stepmother behaved much differently around anyone of noble rank, or anyone she thought could help progress her darling daughter’s movement through society than she did in private, it was clear that she had agitated him. Though he was doing his best to hide it.
Or perhaps he was worried about getting Ella out of there before the secret they were keeping was let out in some way.
She walked out arm in arm with Catherine, heading to the beautiful blue and gold carriage that seemed like something out of a dream. Prince Luke handed her stepsister up into the vehicle first, then turned and offered his hand to her. She hesitated a moment before taking it, not sure she wanted to experience all those strange feelings again. Yet she knew she could not avoid touching him forever, not when she had agreed to marry him.
But this time, his touch was quick and almost impersonal, as he helped her up the two small stairs. The interior of the carriage had been set up as a pair of benches that faced each other. Catherine took a seat on the one that faced forward and Ella sat next to her.
There was no room for the prince to join them on the seat, so he sat across from them.
The ride to the palace was a silent one. Catherine kept her gaze focused on the window, watching the scenery even though it was something she had witnessed just the day before.
Ella tried to do the same, yet she constantly felt Luke’s gaze on her and every time she glanced in his direction, there was a hunger in his expression which should have frightened her but did not. She didn’t understand it and didn’t know who to ask. Her stepsister would be no help here. Catherine was likely even more innocent about these things than she was.
Prince Adrian was waiting for them on the palace steps when they arrived. When the door opened, he was right there, and she was immediately struck by the change in her former childhood companion.
He had grown quite a bit, though he was not nearly as large as his older brother. Adrian smiled as he greeted them, yet the expression didn’t quite reach his eyes.
“He looks very unhappy,” Catherine whispered to Ella. Both princes jumped, as if they had overheard what she said. But that was impossible.
Wasn’t it?
She studied Adrian more closely. There were dark circles under his eyes and deep lines carved into either side of his mouth, as if his sorrow had been etched into his skin.
What had happened to him while he and his brothers were traveling? Was it just the fact that they were now beasts? Or was it something more?
Luke introduced Adrian to Catherine, though they had met during the ball. Then he took Ella’s hand again, drawing her closer than was absolutely proper. She felt the heat of his body all along one side of her and it made her shiver.
He gave her a quick smile before turning his full attention on his brother. “I want to take Lady Ella to meet Father now. Perhaps you could give Lady Catherine the full tour of the palace? She’ll be staying here until the wedding.”
Adrian bowed to her stepsister. “I would be delighted.”
“Make sure to show her the library,” Luke said. “Lady Ella told me that would be something which would particularly appeal to her.”
Ella and Catherine both looked at him in surprise. Catherine because she was unaware of the fine details of the conversation that Ella had engaged in with the prince. Ella because she had not thought her offhand comment about her stepsister in the library had been heard, much less understood.
It seemed her intended was doing his best to make them both comfortable, despite the strangeness of his proposal. He didn’t need to do that. He had her well and truly trapped now, even though the engagement had not yet been announced to the people.
Perhaps he was a good man, after all. And this marriage would not be such a bad thing.
Despite the fact that he turned into a wolf.
He led her through the palace and her anxiety rose as they passed several servants who bowed and curtsied to her as well as to him. It was clear that the news had already spread throughout the household and she was very glad that Catherine had helped her change into this new gown.
She didn’t even want to imagine what the gossip would have been like if she had appeared in her servant’s rags.
Luke stepped into what he told her was the private wing reserved for the royal family’s residence. Stopped only when he reached a set of large double doors emblazoned with the king’s coat of arms. It was King Nicholas’ personal bedroom, for he was too weak now to spend much time out of bed and now conducted most of business of the kingdom there, rather than in the traditional audience chamber.
He turned her about to face him. Placed one hand under her chin, leaned in, and kissed her.
It was hot and wet and over too soon. Ella’s heart was beating so fast it nearly fluttered within her chest as she stared up at him. “Why did you do that?”
“Just reminding you of why you’re going through with this. You looked like you were ready to run a moment ago.”
Where would she go? He knew there was nowhere else for her to turn, as well as she did. “I guess that would embarrass you, now that everyone seems to know about our engagement.”
“Our engagement. I like hearing those words on your lips,” he said with a smile. “And I don’t care about embarrassment, the only thing I care about is getting you to the altar.”
She didn’t know if she believed him, but she wasn’t about to question it. Not now, with so many servants nearby who were obviously hanging on their every word and action.
Ella realized that this was just something else she would have to get used to now. That the relative privacy that she had known on her father’s estate was gone forever.
She did her best to tamp down her surging anxiety and plastered a smile upon her face, though part of her wanted to show her fears if it meant that Luke would kiss her again.
Apparently, she made too good of a show of it, for he smiled at her and took her hand, before gesturing for the doors to his father’s bedchamber to be opened. “Father? Do you feel up to having visitors?”
“Of course. Why wouldn’t I?”
She recognized the pride behind those weak and feeble words. Then she beheld the king for the first time, and she was reminded of her father’s own deathbed. It wouldn’t be easy for Luke to see his father like this, no matter how many times he experienced it. She squeezed his hand and let him draw her further into the room.
“Father, I want you to meet Lady Ella. She’s the woman I’ve decided I will marry, and she’s been kind enough to accept my proposal.”
Chapter Five
“Ella? Lord Anthony’s daughter?”
Ella’s face flushed a pretty shade of pink as she dipped into a curtsy to his father. “Yes, Your Majesty.”
For the first time since he and his brother had returned home, Luke saw his father smile. It wasn’t just his illness that had made Father melancholy; it was also the worry generated by the lingering disappearance of one of his sons. “It has been a very long time, my dear girl. Though I always assumed you would marry my youngest son, not my oldest.”
Her blush deepened. “I—”
“It seems I lucked out in more ways than one,” Luke said. Perhaps he should worry about his brother’s connection to Ella, but they had been only children back then. There could have been nothing very serious. And besides, Adrian’s heart remained with his lost love. “She and her stepsister will be staying here at the palace while we prepare for the wedding.”
If Father thought that was unusual, he gave no sign of it at all. “I don’t recall whether I’ve met your stepsister, Lady Ella.”
“My stepmother and her daughters did not attend court very much after their introduction.” Ella’s voice grew stronger with each word she spoke, as if she was gaining confidence with every moment that passed.
That was good to see. It showed she was just as strong as he assumed she was.
Father tried to sit up and failed, falling back against his pillows. One of the king’s physicians immediately emerged from the shadows, taking hold of his wrist to check his pulse despite Father’s attempts to wave him away. “You must not get too excited, Your Majesty. The strain will not be good for you.”
“Perhaps we can continue this another time,” Luke said. “We’ve only just arrived and haven’t had a chance to show Lady Ella nor Lady Catherine to their rooms yet.”
“Of course, make sure they’re very comfortable. And as soon as possible.” Father broke into a coughing fit and his face turned a deep shade of red, verging on purple. He looked annoyed when the physician insisted on giving him a goblet of wine but drank it anyway. “When do you wish to be wed?”
“As soon as we can make all the arrangements,” he said. He gave Ella’s hand another squeeze. “I refuse to give my lady a chance to change her mind. She might decide she prefers Adrian after all.”
“I doubt that,” she said softly, then bit her lip and looked away. The gesture enticed him. Made him wish that he could draw her into his arms once more and kiss her again.
Was it possible to become addicted to a woman’s lips? Luke wasn’t certain, but he would gladly keep testing the idea in order to find out.
They were dismissed from his father’s room a short time later and he escorted Ella to the guest wing. “If I had my way, you would have rooms in the family quarters. But I guess that would cause too much of a scandal.”
“Your habit of kissing me in front of the servants will also cause a scandal, especially since you don’t seem to want to wait until the ceremony.”
He stared at her for a long moment, then threw back his head and laughed. “True. Very true. But don’t think that will stop me.”
“I doubt anything will. You seem very used to having your own way in everything.”
Luke immediately sobered. “Not everything.” After all, he never would have wished for this curse that was upon him and his brothers. But Ella didn’t know that. He opened the door to Ella’s bedchamber and ushered her inside, closing the door behind them. This would likely subject her to more of the servants’ gossip, but at the moment, they needed the privacy more. “I’m still wondering why you didn’t tell anyone about how we saw each other at the ball.”
She focused on running her hands down the front of her gown as if smoothing away invisible wrinkles. “Who would have believed me?”
She had said something similar before, yet his doubts remained. He opened his mouth, before but before he could say anything more, she said, “I would like to tell Catherine, however. To make sure she remains safe while she is staying here.”
“No.”
Ella’s head snapped up, and she glared at him. “You can’t seriously be asking me to place my stepsister in harm’s way just to keep your secrets.”
“There’s nothing to worry about until the next full moon. That’s the only time the transformation happens. With luck, we’ll be married before then.”
“What if I want her to stay longer than that? It’s hardly safe for her to go back to her mother’s house, and you know that.”
“I’ll consider it.” He turned and reached for the door.
“You’ll consider it,” she echoed. “And now the truth comes out. You don’t really want to marry me. A wedding is just another way to help you keep your secrets. You figure you can control me, and stop me from saying anything, once you’re my husband.”
“I thought I proved to you why I want to marry you earlier, in your father’s library.” He whirled about and grabbed her in his arms, pulling her close once more. “Do you need me to show you that again?”
“I need you to stop grabbing me like this, to stop compromising my reputation at every opportunity you can get.” Her voice grew agitated, and she turned her head away.
“No one will do or say anything against my princess.”
“Not to my face, no. But the rest will get around eventually and there’s a chance that your family’s reputation will be hurt as well as mine.” She made a face. “Or perhaps not, considering how—”
“Stop this, Ella.”
“I can’t accept the sanctuary of being with you in the palace, if it means hurting my stepsister.”
“Why are you trying so hard to protect her? I doubt she did anything to protect you while you were under your stepmother’s thumb.”
She shivered. “Do you really think there was anything that she could have done? You haven’t lived under Lady Isabelle, Your Highness. You don’t know everything that she’s capable of.”
Luke was torn. On one hand, he had sensed the evil in Ella’s stepmother, but he also needed to do what was necessary to protect himself and his brothers. He knew even less about Catherine than he did about Ella—at least Adrian had vouched for the character of his former playmate—and she might expose them without meaning to do so.
They could let no one know what they had become. They would be reviled as monsters at the very least and it might even be enough to cause someone to start up a rebellion against his family. The more ambitious nobles of the land would be glad to have any excuse to further their own ambitions. “I said I’ll think about it. We’re not going to talk about this.”
“But—”
He swooped down and covered her mouth with his. She stiffened, almost instinctively, then she melted against him. He tightened his arms around her slender body, crushing her in his embrace as he devoured her lips.
Ella flattened her hands against his chest. Pushed. Some part of him recognized the gesture for what it was, and it made him hesitate just enough to allow her to break the kiss. “You can’t keep doing this,” she whispered.
He would do a lot more than kissing once they were wed. His body was on edge, his trousers growing uncomfortably tight with his need for her. “What do you mean?”
She scowled, but some of the effect was lost when he realized that her lips were swollen from his kisses. “You can’t kiss me every time you want to make a point. Or to stop an argument. Just because you know you can make my thoughts scatter that way, that doesn’t mean you should take advantage of it.”
“I didn’t know I was doing that.” His chest puffed up. He enjoyed knowing he affected her like that. It helped to balance out the effect she had on him.
“I don’t believe you.”
“I just need you, Ella.”
“You need me?”
“Yes.” He was half-tempted to guide one of her small hands down his body, to let her feel how hard she was making him but wasn’t certain she would understand the meaning of his body’s reaction. She might be passionate, but women in the noble families were kept ignorant of such matters until their marriage. “I don’t know how I’m going to wait until our wedding night.”
“You said that before.” Ella blushed again, the color spreading beyond her face, down her throat and disappearing into the neckline of her gown.
Luke wondered exactly how far it had spread and that thought had him so hard, he tried to discreetly adjust the fit of his trousers.
But he wasn’t discreet enough.
Ella caught him in the act. Her eyes widened, and she parted her lips as if she intended to ask many questions that he would never be able to answer with any hope of propriety, so he began kissing her once more.
It wasn’t long before they were both breathless. He slid his mouth away from hers, nuzzling her neck and feeling the frantic pulse beat in the base of her throat.
At that moment, he would have agreed to anything, would have said anything that she wished if only she would let him claim her now, rather than waiting. As much as she had complained about his effect on her, it was clear that he was under her spell as well.
It was almost a madness, a sensation more intense than he ever felt before with any woman. Part instinct, part feeling. Both sides of him wanted her. The human side and the animal within.
He couldn’t make sense of this and knew that if he stayed any longer, he might do something that he would regret.
So instead, he forced himself to walk away, but not before stealing one last kiss…
Chapter Six
“Don’t tell me you’re wearing that for the wedding.”
Ella stiffened at the sound of her stepmother’s voice. She had counted on being alone these last few minutes before the ceremony, as Catherine was busy with her own preparations. She would be Ella’s only bridesmaid. “What are you doing here?”
“It’s tradition for the bride’s mother to give her some advice for marriage, before the ceremony.”
“You’re not my mother.”
“In the eyes of the law, I’m the closest that you have.” Lady Isabelle smiled, but it was a cold and almost icy expression. She looked Ella up and down again. “I’m surprised the prince didn’t buy you something new for your wedding, rather than making you wear that old-fashioned monstrosity.”
“This was my choice.” A seamstress had been brought in to create the rest of the clothing she would need for her new life, but Ella had only been able to endure one session with her. The shocked look on the woman’s face, when she saw the scars on her back, made her too self-conscious to endure her scrutiny again. “It was my mother’s wedding gown.”
Her stepmother flinched and her hands curled into claw-like shapes, as if she wanted to tear the garment in question into shreds with her nails. She turned away for a moment and took several deep breaths before facing Ella again with a plastered-on expression of complete complacency. “Of course it was. It is a shame she isn’t here to do her duty.”
She hated the implication in those words. As if her mother had chosen to die. “I don’t have time for this right now. The ceremony will be starting soon.”
“They won’t be able to begin without you anyway,” Lady Isabelle said. “Despite everything that has happened between us, I must warn you of what you are to expect tonight.”
“Warn me?”
Her stepmother launched into a detailed explanation of how much it hurt when a man took his wife to bed. Going on and about the agony of being split open in a way that Ella couldn’t even imagine.
Part of her didn’t want to. She understood enough about what happened between a man and wife to know that the kisses she exchanged with Luke were part of the lead up to the final act. How could something that felt so amazing turn into the sort of torment that her stepmother described?
She was half-tempted to find one of the older maids that served her, a married woman, to get a second opinion. But then everything began to happen at once and they hustled her downstairs and into the royal carriage.
Though the family had a private chapel on their castle grounds, it was hardly large enough to contain the number of guests expected to attend the wedding of the heir to the throne. They would be married in the great cathedral near the outskirts of the city. Catherine alone rode with her, with her stepmother and Daphne transported in a separate carriage.
A sizeable crowd had gathered outside of the church. Ella was self-conscious and fussed with her skirt, nearly tripping over the fabric as she descended from the carriage, thanks to the addition of a veil and train to her ensemble. Then Catherine picked up the weight of the extra material, helping her keep some of her dignity as she crossed the short distance up the stairs and into the church.
Organ music swelled and dominated the air. In short order, Ella walked down the aisle alone, with only Catherine following behind to keep her train in proper position.
A flurry of whispers exploded upon her appearance, though whether prompted by how she looked, or that she was alone, she didn’t know. She assumed most people were aware of her father’s death, at least among the wedding guests. The engagement announcements posted throughout the kingdom would have outlined her family ties, including the fact that she was an orphan.
Luke waited for her near the altar. She kept her gaze locked on him, and it made her knees weak to see how handsome he looked, dressed in a military-style uniform. A cobalt blue coat trimmed with gold braid and a variety of metals and ribbons.
To her surprise, he was wearing his sword. She supposed it might have been just a ceremonial blade, blunt and not useful for anything, but its presence startled her all the same. She would’ve assumed that anything resembling a weapon would be forbidden in this holy place.
Adrian wore an almost identical ensemble, though minus the sword. It was all so very odd.
Ella had spent much of the last three weeks learning the different ways and customs of the royal family, and it was more than enough to make her head spin. It was somewhat like what she had been taught as a child, but more complex. Every rule seemed to have at least one or two others that directly contradicted it and if she was lucky, the servants who were with her would know which was the older and which was the newer. That helped to determine which to follow, but she was sure she had committed several gaffes.
Much to the amusement of the nobles who came to visit, as well as the palace staff.
Some of them were giggling behind their hands at her now.
Ella raised her chin and ignored them as best as she could. There was nothing she could do to appease them or to stop them from laughing. What she found much more difficult to bear were the pitying looks that several people shot in Luke’s direction. Likely because of her family’s impoverished state.
There was also a good chance that the seamstress had not been able to keep secrets, and the scars on her body were now public knowledge. She was very certain that was the case when she overheard some speculation about why the prince would marry such “damaged goods.”
She tried to focus on her groom instead, to keep her attention locked on his handsome face. His gaze full of appreciation as he looked at her, his bright blue eyes darkening to a shade that nearly matched the cobalt of his uniform.
Ella was already beginning to understand that look for what it was: desire. And that brought to mind all of her stepmother’s words about the upcoming wedding night and renewing her doubts about what she would need to endure.
First, if it was so horrible for a woman to be with an ordinary man, then what would it be like to share a bed with one who changed into a beast? Luke had said that the transformation only took place on the full moon, but it was close enough to that night that the animal in him might already be very close to the surface.
And if that were the case…
The actual wedding ceremony itself passed by in a blur, though she supposed she must have made the correct answers at the right times, for they were soon declared man and wife. Luke leaned in, giving her a surprisingly chaste kiss on the cheek.
They returned to the palace together, but they were hardly alone. Catherine and Adrian rode along with them in the carriage, along with one of the king’s officials.
There was more ceremony and pageantry upon their arrival, and they were ushered into one of the many large dining rooms within the building. This part seemed to drag on forever, from the reception line, and greeting all the guests, to the actual meal itself.
Luke would reach for her hand at several intervals, giving it a gentle squeeze, but he could not keep hold of her while they both tried to eat. There were a few attempts at conversation, but she was so nervous that her throat locked up and she could hardly speak.
After multiple courses, they headed to the ballroom. Ella and Luke opened the first dance, and she was again aware of everyone watching her. Thankfully, it was over soon enough. She derived some amusement from watching her stepmother constantly pushing Daphne toward every available bachelor in attendance, especially Adrian. Her new brother-in-law wasn’t cooperating with Lady Isabelle’s ambitions, however, dancing and spending most of his time with Catherine instead.
His behavior caused even more gossip, and Ella overheard several people speculating on the fact that there might be another wedding soon. But she thought it unlikely. Even if she had not heard from some of the servants that the younger prince was nursing a broken heart, it was clear from the way he and Catherine behaved toward each other that they had become fast friends but nothing more.
She hoped, for Catherine’s sake, that Lady Isabelle did not learn the truth anytime soon. Ella’s stepmother would be annoyed enough that her plans to push her favorite daughter upon the younger prince were not going as she wished, but if she knew that Catherine was dancing with him as a friend and not as a potential bride, she would become even more agitated.
Ella stepsister was due to return to her mother’s home in the morning. Despite Luke’s promise to consider allowing her to stay, his secrets were still more important than Catherine’s safety. It also seemed that despite Adrian treating her as a friend, he was willing to risk her life as well.
Or perhaps he didn’t know the truth about Lady Isabelle. But why would Luke have hidden that knowledge from his younger brother? Was he afraid that Adrian could convince him to do something that Ella had not?
There was some talk about where they would go on their travels after their wedding, something Ella knew nothing about. Luke had vaguely mentioned something about it being a tradition but had told her nothing more.
If that was the case—and the speed with which he had demanded the seamstresses attempt to finish her new wardrobe, along with the recent arrival of brand-new luggage—seemed to show that they would do just that. She supposed that was at least part of the reason Catherine couldn’t stay, because then she would be the unmarried lady living among those who were not her relatives.
And yet, why couldn’t Luke have told her that was the reason?
Ella wouldn’t have liked it, but there was nothing she could say in argument against it. And it was a much less selfish cause.
As she was lost in these thoughts, several of the older servants pulled her aside. It was time to prepare for the wedding night.
They escorted her upstairs, to a bedchamber within the family’s private wing. She didn’t know if it was her new husband’s room. The decor was decidedly masculine, yet there was nothing personal about it to indicate who the space belonged to.
They helped her out of her mother’s gown, and into a nightgown made of fine cotton lawn. It covered her from her neck down to the floor, which eased some of her nervousness about the fact that she would soon be naked before someone for the first time.
The maids let her hair loose and brushed again and again until it crackled. She half-expected them to tie it up again in some other arrangement, but they did not, and silently departed.
Ella crawled into the massive bed and pull the covers up to her chin, turning on her side so she wouldn’t be facing the door. Most of the candles had been extinguished, but she was certain that there would be enough light for Luke to see the nervousness on her face.
And that was the last thing she wanted.
After a time, which felt both incredibly long and far too short, she heard a distinct and heavy set of footprints outside of the chamber door. It opened and closed, and then she heard someone approaching the bed.
It could only be one person. Her husband.
Ella breathed very fast and tightened her grip on her blankets. She squeezed her eyes shut as her stomach twisted and turned and she waited to see exactly what he would do to her.
There was a pause, followed by the whisper of fabric moving over skin. Was he getting undressed?
Seemed likely.
Though she’d glimpsed him in the gardens, all those weeks ago, and her curiosity was high in regard to seeing all of him, she felt like she was frozen in place. Unable to move.
The covers lifted on the far side of the bed and she felt the mattress dip under his weight. Then there was the heat of his body, growing more intense as he drew closer. One of his hands landed upon her shoulder, tugging at her to turn and look at him, but she would not.
She could not.
“You’re afraid of me now. Why?”
“I am afraid of what is coming.” She was a little surprised that her voice came out as evenly as it did, for she was shaking so badly, she felt like she could not control most of her body.
“I will be as gentle with you as I can.”
He meant those words to be reassuring, but they hardly made Ella feel any better. Her mind was running wild with a mix of the memories of his kisses and the warnings of her stepmother, and as much as she wished to discredit the latter, she could not push them out of her thoughts completely. “Must we do this?”
Instead of answering, he pulled at the blanket, but could not dislodge her grip upon the cloth. She tightened into a little ball beneath the shield and waited for the inevitable: his anger. For she knew what she was doing was wrong. That she was denying him what was rightfully his, yet she couldn’t seem to make herself give in as she should.
His body covered hers, but his weight did not settle upon her. She realized he was bracing himself on his hands as he remained on his knees above her.
Then he brushed her hair away from the back of her neck and kissed her there.
Ella gasped.
It was just a brief touch of his lips, yet somehow more intense than the many prolonged embraces they had shared before. He did it again and again, working his way from the base of her skull down to her shoulders and back up again.
Her breathing deepened, quickened.
She uncurled ever so slightly, turning her head toward him in an almost-unconscious invitation. She wanted him to kiss her mouth, to make her continue to forget her fears, yet at the moment, her new husband seemed intent upon kissing her everywhere but there. Her cheeks, her forehead, the line of her jaw.
“Luke, please.”
He reared back slightly, and she saw the surprise as well as desire in his eyes. It was the first time she’d dared to call him by name, but not intentionally. It had simply slipped out, teased out of her by the warming sensations that were spreading throughout her body.
“Ella,” he whispered huskily, his voice deeper than she had ever heard it before.
And she realized that she had done this to him, she had changed him somehow. Or his need for her had changed him.
She wasn’t sure which it was, yet it made her feel incredibly powerful.
He kissed her lips. Softly. Tenderly. Coaxed her to open to him, then sliding his tongue into her mouth. She touched her tongue to his, the familiar flames growing hotter as they melded their mouths together.
She straightened her legs and turned more fully toward him but wasn’t quite ready to release the blankets.
Nor did he try to take them from her. 
Instead, he continued kissing her, alternating between her mouth and her throat. He was so gentle.
Unexpected.
And she wanted more.
He pressed his mouth to her ear. “Let me see you.”
Hesitantly, she nodded. Keeping her eyes closed, she loosened her hold on the blankets, letting him draw them away from her body. Though she remained concealed by the nightgown, she already felt too exposed.
“Turn over, Ella.”
She almost couldn’t hear him over the frantic beating of her heart. He guided her to lie on her stomach, then began working the ribbons that held the thin lawn gown together all the way down her spin. He paused after he untied each one, kissing the exposed bit of skin.
Ella tensed. Years under her stepmother’s whip had left much of her skin raised into ugly ridges. They might repulse him. “Don’t,” she whispered. “Not there.”
“Why not?”
Her throat closed up when she tried to answer, and something surprisingly cool ran down her heated cheek. It took her a moment before she realized she was crying.
Damn this weakness of hers, coming to haunt her at the worst of times.
What he must think of her…
“You think I won’t want you, because of what your stepmother did?”
She nodded. It sounded almost foolish, when he put it that way, yet she couldn’t help the way she was feeling. Lady Isabelle had ridiculed her the entire time she was inflicting the wounds, taunting Ella with the fact that no decent man would want her as a wife if he knew she was scarred.
“Look at me.”
She shook her head, hiding her face in the pillows.
Luke took one of her hands and guided it back to him. She realized that he was making her touch him, that her fingers were running along his hot, bare flesh.
Skin raised and scarred in much the way that hers was.
She opened her eyes and glanced over her shoulder at him. He had his hand over hers, pressing her palm down into a spot just below his collarbone.
Her eyes widened as she realized that there were several marks all over his chest, slashing and uneven. “What—”
His full lips drew tight into a straight line. “Now you know how the curse began. My brothers and I were set upon by a group of beasts who turned us into animals like them, through their bite.”
“Why—”
Again, he cut her off. This time with a sharp shake of his head. “I do not wish to discuss that now. But you can see how hypocritical it would be for me to turn you away because of a few marks, when I…”
More secrets. He’d opened up enough to whet her curiosity, then closed off again. How was she ever supposed to trust a man who didn’t seem to want to trust her?
She looked at him again, her faint anger fading away as she took in his expression. Fear, uncertainty… all the things she had been feeling for herself. And yet he’d been so earnest in trying to soothe her. So sincere.
Surely, he deserved some small reward for that.
Impulsively, Ella rose onto her knees, then leaned in and kissed him.
Right on one of his scars.
Chapter Seven
Luke groaned. The intensity of the touch raced through his entire body, despite the tentative way it was done, and his groan quickly turned into a growl.
She jerked back. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have done that.”
“It’s all right. Do it again.”
She leaned in, pressing her soft lips to another of his scars. He shook and clenched his hands into fists as he struggled against the urge to guide her head lower. To urge her to use her mouth on other parts of him.
She was a virgin. Innocent.
He shouldn’t push her just yet.
But oh, how he wanted to.
There would be all the time in the world to teach her that later. To learn how to please her and show her how to give him pleasure. They were husband and wife now. They were bound for life, legally.
And tonight, he would make her his physically.
His.
She continued learning every mark on his chest and shoulder, exploring with her lips and her fingers. It became impossible to tell if she was trembling, or if he was shaking, or both.
Then she used the tip of her tongue to trace the outline of one mark and his cock jumped.
Luke let out a low curse.
Ella blushed. “Did I do something wrong?”
With her nightgown pulled down low around her breasts, he could see the way the lovely color did indeed spread over her face and down her neck, continuing on beyond into what her clothing hid. A good portion of the top of her chest. He wanted to run his tongue there, to find out if all of her was as sweet as she looked. “You didn’t.” If he let her touch him any longer, he would embarrass himself by spending too soon. His entire body ached with the need to be inside this woman. “But now, it’s my turn to touch you again.”
“A-all right.”
He tugged at the lawn of her nightgown, careful not to rip the delicate fabric as he freed her breasts and let the material bunch around her waist.
His breath caught, and his chest grew tight. He’d known she was beautiful, but he’d never imagined that she would be this exquisitely perfect. Round breasts, pale as the moonlight and topped with tight little nipples that were nearly as red as the blush on her cheeks.
He bent his head and took one into his mouth, suckling on her for the first time. Ella gasped, and he felt her hands on his head, her fingers tangling in his hair. Luke half-expected her to tug on those strands. To pull him away.
Instead, she made another low, needy sound and arched into his mouth. The scent of her lust became very strong.
He guided her to lie back against the pillows once more, leaning over her instead of trying to move between her legs. The presence of the nightgown could make the maneuver awkward. Her innocence was another consideration. It might cause her to not understand and potentially fear what he wanted to do.
And he didn’t trust himself. Or his control.
He continued lavishing attention upon her breasts, slowly insinuating his hand between their bodies to caress her thigh through the layers of thin fabric. She tensed again, just for a moment, then relaxed.
Her legs parted and her hips rocked as she squirmed beneath him. Luke used her movements to ease the gown past her hips, keeping his mouth on her breast until the very last moment, until he stretched as far down as he could reach, then he began kissing his way down her body. Created a slick trail with his tongue against her belly as he brought his hand up between her thighs.
Caressed her and coaxed her to open for him. He felt the slightly rough texture of her hair, then the slick wetness and heat.
Oh, yes. She was wet for him.
Ella gasped. Her eyes squeezed shut tighter and her arms flailed before she grabbed hold of the sheets beneath her. Clutched at the fabric and released it repeatedly in a quick, unconscious rhythm.
He ran a single finger along her slit and she immediately pressed her thighs together. “It’s all right,” he whispered. “Let me touch you.”
“This feels wicked.”
“It might be, a little. But not between a husband and wife.”
Her eyes flew open, wide and startled as if she had forgotten their change in relationship, if only for a moment. “I don’t know…”
“Trust me.”
Her gaze became shadowed, and he wondered if he’d said the wrong thing, somehow. Though he couldn’t imagine what that could be. He continued to stroke her, lightly running his fingers along the seam between her pressed-together thighs.
Waiting.
She exhaled sharply. “Just in this?”
“Just in this.” He still didn’t understand her meaning, but at the moment, there was just one thing that he wanted to focus on.
She slowly let her legs part, allowing him access to those secret parts of her slit once more. He could feel the tremors racing up and down her thighs, felt the way her flesh quivered under his fingers.
He spread open her lower lips, sliding his fingertip through her slickness, pushing slightly inside her. She tensed again, and he drew back.
Luke shifted position to kneel between her legs and bent over to press kisses along the insides of her thighs. Worked his way up. Slowly. Letting her get used to the feel of him there.
Her panting grew louder. Harsh and ragged. The tension built in her again, obvious in the way the muscles under the skin of her legs clenched and released beneath his lips.
Then he took his first taste of her sweetness.
Ella’s hips shot off the bed, nearly striking him in the face. “Aah!”
“Feel good?”
“It feels…”
Before she could answer, before she could condemn it as being wicked or something worse, he continued to lick her. Running his tongue in broad strokes, savoring the richness of her need.
She made soft, mewling cries, rocking her hips in a quick and needy motion. No doubt acting through instincts that were as old as time, yet he’d never known a woman as responsive as this. Her juices were flowing for him, spreading over his tongue nearly as fast as he could lap them up. “Luke, please!”
She was begging him, but he knew she didn’t realize what she was asking. He slid just the tip of his finger inside her and felt her clench around him.
So tight.
So hot.
He rose up slightly to run his tongue over her hidden spot, the nub of sensitive flesh. She cried out and tightened around him, squeezing him again and again as she reached her climax.
Luke could not wait any longer. He moved between her legs, sliding his fingers out of her. Paused only to lick her juices off the digit before he kissed his way up her trembling body.
He pushed her legs further apart, then reached down and guided the head of his erection against her slit. Thrust in.
Ella screamed, and he immediately felt her go tense. He froze, half-buried inside her sweet body with every instinct screaming at him to just take her, and to take her hard.
But the tears running down her cheeks held him in check. Along with the combined scents of pain and fear radiating off of her.
He kissed the tears away, making soft soothing sounds even as his body tensed. He dug his fingers into the mattress on either side of her head, tearing through the fabric as he struggled for the control that he needed. That she needed from him.
Yet he’d never felt anything so incredible before. It was almost as if he was the virgin, as innocent as she was. He’d known that she would be tight and wet and hot from having his finger inside her, but to feel it around his cock was something else. “Look at me, Ella.”
Her lashes, still damp with tears, fluttered. She slowly opened her eyes. Her lips trembled and parted.
He stroked her silky hair away from her face. “Does it still hurt?”
Stupid question. The pain in her scent might be fading, but it was definitely still there.
She whimpered softly. “It…” She glanced down at where their bodies joined, and her eyes widened. “I-I don’t think this is going to work.”
“It will.” Though at the moment, he wasn’t so sure himself. She was squeezing down on him so hard, and the contrast between their bodies was striking. Her slight frame beneath his much larger one, her slick flesh stretched around his cock.
He began kissing her again, slowly coaxing her mouth open until she responded to him. Her tongue snaked out to touch his, tentatively, then darted and danced in the way he’d taught her.
As the kiss deepened and intensified, her body softened. Luke pushed his hips forward again, driving just a little deeper.
Ella let out a gasp, and he immediately stopped. “Did I hurt you again?”
She shook her head. “It feels full. Not sore.”
There was such a note of wonder in her voice, as if surprised by her own words. Had she expected it to be a torment? He didn’t know what she had been told to prepare for tonight. The servants said that her stepmother insisted upon taking the duty reserved for the bride’s mother.
Telling her what she needed to know about the wedding night.
He wouldn’t put it past that witch for her to exaggerate the pain that comes when a woman loses her virginity. She would do everything in her now-limited power to destroy any happiness that could come from this marriage. Her hatred of her stepdaughter all but assured that.
And he didn’t doubt that she’d never mentioned the potential pleasure of being joined with another.
If she’d ever experienced it herself.
Lady Isabelle was so cold, so unfeeling, that it was unlikely she understood the first thing about passion.
Ella understood passion. It was an instinct in her. He’d seen it from the beginning, in the way she had responded to his kiss that first time and every time.
“Want me to try that again?” he asked.
“What?”
“Moving. Just a little.”
“I don’t know.”
“If it hurts again, tell me. And I’ll stop right away.”
“A-all right.”
She was trembling, in small, quaking motions all along her body. Luke drew back slightly, then pushed forward, driving himself a little deeper.
“Oh!”
“Want me to stop?” He wasn’t sure how he would do that, but he would find a way. If she asked him.
“N-no.”
He slowly worked his hips, withdrawing and pushing in, easing more and more of his length into her. Finally, he was buried all the way in. He threw his head back, letting himself savor the sensation for a moment, as her inner muscles fluttered around him. “Mine,” he growled. A primitive statement, a reflection of the beast cursed to live with inside him, but at the moment, he didn’t care about any of that.
She was his now. Completely.
And that was all that mattered.
She looped her arms around his shoulders, sliding her hands up to the back of his neck. He slid his hand under her, guiding her movements as they rocked together. She was a quick learner in this, as she was in everything else.
He kept the pace slow. Relished how good she felt around him and giving her all the time she needed to get used to this sensation. She stroked his back, her fingernails scraping his skin whenever he drove into her the deepest. She grew wetter for him, her delicate yet strong muscles contracting around his erection.
He slid his hand between their bodies once more, caressing her. She gasped and cried out.
Luke covered her mouth with his, breathing into her as she gasped into him. Stroking, caressing, thrusting.
And then he felt it.
The first stirrings of her orgasm. Ella moaned into his mouth as her sheath squeezed his cock in quick bursts of motion, her body arching as he unleashed the rest of his passion, driving into her hard, again and again, until he could take no more.
His erection swelled, grew harder, and his balls tightened. Then he shoved deep one last time, her cries of pleasure sharp in his ear as he surrendered to his own release, calling out her name as he filled her with his seed.
Then he collapsed against her.
When he regained his breath and his senses, he realized that she was still shivering and shaking beneath him. Luke wrapped his arms around her and rolled them over together, so he no longer crushed her.
Ella lifted her head, her eyes full of wonder. “Is it always like that?”
Definitely not. At least, it had never been that way for him with anyone else. There was an intensity in being with her, a greater need that he’d never experienced before.
Then again, he’d never married before. Never knew what it was like to have a woman be his legally and physically.
Nor had he ever taken a woman without the worry that she might conceive his child. Pulling out at the vital moment, deliberately diminishing his own pleasure so he would not risk embarrassing his family.
With Ella, it was just the opposite.
But he didn’t want to tell her any of that. It would require too many explanations, and discussions of a past that was better left in that distant time instead of being brought into the present. “I don’t know,” he said finally. “But we can try it again and see what happens.”
As soon as the words were out, he wanted to take them back. It was a selfish request, knowing that she must be sore.
Ella simply smiled at him. She lay there in his arms, her hair spread out over his chest, and he was certain he had never seen her look more beautiful. “I’d like that…”
Chapter Eight
Ella stretched and winced. She had been warned that there would be pain, yet she never imagined that it would be anything like this.
Luke had not touched her again after the first time, though she had been sure that he wanted to. He’d said that she needed to rest and recover. They had fallen sleep, and she had woken up at some point with him cuddled against her back, his big arm draped over her waist. She vaguely remembered him kissing her before slipping away.
She drifted off again after that, but she couldn’t say how long. Yet as soon as she was awake, the room that had been a private and intimate space the night before became filled with too many people and a bustle of activity.
It was almost an overwhelming confusion, as she tried to answer everyone at once. They brought a hot bath for her, a nearly forgotten luxury after all these years under Lady Isabelle’s rule, but there was little time to enjoy it. She needed to say goodbye to her stepsister before she left the palace, and then she would make her first appearance as a princess in front of the full court.
Neither activity was particularly appealing, but at least for the latter, she knew she could depend on having Luke by her side. At least, she assumed she could. She hated feeling so dependent on him in that, yet she was still not used to this world he had brought her into.
Three maids were on hand to help Ella dress this morning, and the additional assistance felt more awkward than needed, but she didn’t know how to object to it without looking like a fool. Or worse, ungrateful.
They brought forward her day gown. She barely remembered ordering it, its heavy embroidery and the lace embellishments making it far more elaborate than her mother’s old gown.
And this was considered simple attire, the bare minimum of what the court would expect her to wear for all royal functions.
One woman who assisted her was dedicated solely to doing Ella’s hair. Brushing out the blond strands, then twisting it up and turning it into a complicated series of braids and whirls.
Next: the jewels. It was an almost overwhelming array, and she noticed the frown on the women’s faces when she selected the simplest set available to her. The necklace was a string of perfectly matched pearls and the earrings were barely more than drops.
Perhaps she was supposed to make some kind of gaudy display, but at the moment she was too overwhelmed to want to add anything more. She would have to work up to this idea of being a princess.
The hot bath helped a little, made it easier for to walk about without being stiff-legged and sore. And her entire body still felt tender, her nerves on edge as if she’d never truly been fully alive before.
It was the strangest sensation.
Perhaps it was the feeling that one got when under constant scrutiny. Every move she made was studied intently. Many of the servants were not even trying to be subtle about it.
She couldn't quite shake the feeling that they were all waiting for her to fail. Just like the elite members of court, particularly the ones who couldn't understand why their daughters had not been chosen, unable to comprehend why they had been passed over by the heir to the crown, for someone like her.
Ella straightened her shoulders and once more pretended not to hear the whispers that followed her.
Her stepmother had tried to destroy her for more than half her life. If Lady Isabelle had failed, then nothing that these people could do would break her. Not with their gossip. Not with their dirty looks.
She was stronger than that.
Except… she didn’t feel very strong at the moment. More like lost and confused and very much as if she didn’t belong here or anywhere else.
Again, that should have been another familiar feeling.
She tried to push her doubts aside, resolving to worry about them another day as she descended into the main courtyard of the palace.
Several men were busy loading trunks onto the carriage, and Ella was fairly certain it was the same one that brought her and her stepsister to the palace. Catherine stood alone among all the confusion, looking as lost as she herself was feeling.
Somehow, it wasn’t a surprise that her stepmother had not bothered to come to escort her daughter home. It was just another example of her favoritism, and Ella again felt a rising dread over what awaited the young woman.
“Cat!” Only in this last week had she felt comfortable enough to call her stepsister that. Lady Isabelle had done her best to isolate Ella from her own daughters, always reminding Catherine and Daphne of the difference between them. Even if it was a wholly manufactured one, existing only in the mind of Ella’s stepmother.
“Ella.” The girls embraced, though a bit from lack of practice. Catherine’s scrutiny was nearly as intense as that of the servants, but she found it less intimidating, because she knew that there was no malice behind it. “I’m surprised you made it down to see me.”
“I said I would, didn’t I?”
“True, but Mother said…” Her stepsister’s voice faded away as she blushed. Leading Ella to wonder exactly what Lady Isabelle told her daughter. Surely, she had not ruined Catherine’s innocence, the innocence she would be expected to carry until she herself married, for the sake of trying to hurt Ella again in some small way.
Then again, she had not hesitated to lie outright, about what to expect for a wedding night.
Ella forced out a smile. “I was hoping you could stay a little longer. It’s been nice to have a familiar face around as I try to settle in.”
“Mother says it’s very improper, especially since you’ll be leaving soon.”
“I know.” Yet she couldn’t stop feeling uneasy about this. Everyone seemed to assume that she and Luke would leave to spend some time alone, as was customary for a newly wedded couple, and yet she had heard so little of it, she didn’t know what was going on. “And I’m worried about you. You stood up for me when you didn’t have to and now…”
“I… I think Mother has forgiven me for that. At least I don’t believe she would hold a grudge over such a thing.”
Such words might have been reassuring, except that she was certain her stepsister was trying to convince herself, as well as Ella, that her mother would not resort to any sort of petty revenge. Although Catherine had spent most of her time lost in her studies rather than paying attention to what went on in the household, much of her mother’s true nature had not escaped her notice. “I hope it doesn’t. I hope everything will be well. But if it is not, send a message to the palace. I will tell the servants to forward it on to me, no matter where Luke and I end up going.”
“Are you sure that’s a good idea?”
“Yes. And if Adrian were not departing himself, he would likely be willing to come to your aid as well. You two seemed rather fond of each other.”
“He has been very kind to me since I’ve been living here,” Catherine said, making it clear that she was choosing her words carefully. “But I’m certain he is that way with everyone, and there was nothing particularly special about the attention he paid to me.”
It was too bad that Adrian was still in love with someone else. If only he could have fallen for her stepsister, Ella would never have to worry about her safety again. “You like him?”
“Not in the way my mother wants me to. I told her so last night.”
“You told her?” Ella’s anxiety about her stepsister increased. The one thing that might have protected her was if Lady Isabelle believed that Prince Adrian would soon make a marriage proposal to her.
“She asked me. I could not lie.” Catherine’s flush deepened. “I do not look at him the way I’ve seen you look at Prince Luke, nor does he look at me the way that his brother looks at you.”
Now it was Ella’s turn to blush. “Promise you’ll ask for help if you need it?”
“I promise.” They embraced one last time, then Catherine turned and stepped up into the carriage.
Almost before the door closed, a servant approached. Ella recognized his uniform as being that of one of the king’s personal valets, but she wasn’t exactly sure what his actual title and position was.
He gave her a bow that was more insolent than respectful, and his smile more like a smirk. “Your… Highness. You are expected in the main hall.”
“I’m aware of that. But I needed to say goodbye to my family first.”
A brief scowl crossed the man’s face before he regained control of his expressions. “I see. But Prince Luke was asking for you.”
And her new husband knew that Catherine was leaving this morning. Surely, he would not have expected Ella to let her stepsister depart without saying goodbye to her. Would he?
Perhaps he did. That he had not come down to join her was damning evidence of what his expectations were. Plus, there was his apparent indifference to the fate of his missing brother…
Ella had known that she was marrying a man who could turn into a monster, but she didn’t want to believe that he could be just as heartless when the moon wasn’t controlling him.
She silently followed the servant back into the palace, to a small alcove just off the main hall. Luke was pacing and turned to look at her with a grimace that could barely be called a smile. “Where were you?”
A muscle in her jaw twitched, and there was nothing she could do to control it. “Where do you think I was?”
“Don’t do this, Ella. Don’t be mad at me.”
She couldn’t believe he was serious. “Then maybe you should stop acting as if you assume the worst about me at all times. It’s not exactly the best way to start off the morning.”
He sighed, raked his hand through his hair, then reached for her. She drew back as far as she could, only to have her back hit the wall. An all-too-familiar position, with him. “I feared that you might have run away.”
“Why in the world would you think that? Do you have so little faith in me, and in the promise that I made yesterday?”
“No!”
But she had come close to the truth. She could see it in his eyes.
Once again, she wondered why he had insisted on going through with this marriage. It was true that he wanted her, but wanting wasn’t enough of a foundation to make something that would last for a lifetime. “I wished to see Catherine off. You knew she was leaving today.”
“I forgot.”
“You can’t be serious. You’re the one who insisted that she leave immediately after the wedding.”
“Are you still mad at me about that?”
“Why wouldn’t I be?” Her voice rose, and she struggled to calm herself, all too aware of the servants circling around them. Probably taking in every angry word that they spoke to each other with glee. “You know better than anyone what my stepmother is like. You know exactly why I wanted her to stay.”
“And you know why she can’t.”
“I’ve been told that we are leaving on a journey, but since you haven’t bothered to share details with me, I wondered if everyone was wrong about that, or if it was just an excuse to get Catherine out of the palace.”
“I wouldn’t do that. We are going away, Ella. Just you and me. Tomorrow.”
“Tomorrow?”
“Tonight is the full moon. Surely you realize that.” His hands were on her shoulders and he leaned in toward her, making it clear that he intended to end yet another argument by kissing her senseless.
But she would not fall for that. Not this time. She turned her head away and crossed her arms over her chest. “It seems I’ve given as much consideration to that as you have given to my wishes regarding my stepsister.”
“I don’t want to fight with you.”
“I know exactly what you want.” She gave him a pointed look up and down. “But there’s no time for any of that. We are expected to be on display for your father’s court right now. Isn’t that what you sent the servant to remind me of?”
As if on cue, the door behind him opened and a trumpeting fanfare blared from the large hall beyond.
Luke sighed and offered her his arm. She tucked her hand into his elbow as lightly as she could and let him lead her forward.
Chapter Nine
“Only you, big brother, could make such a mess of marriage on your first day.” Adrian chuckled and shook his head.
Luke was torn. Half of him was pleased to see his brother laugh, something that rarely occurred since they were cursed, and the other half was frustrated with the situation. “Glad my problems can provide you with some amusement, little brother.”
“I could have told you that Ella would not be so easily cowed by you.”
“You could have, but you didn’t. Why not?” Before he made his proposal, most of what he knew about Ella had come from his brother. And with all the hustle and bustle leading up to the wedding, he’d hardly had time to get to know her for himself.
Adrian held up both of his hands, palms facing toward Luke in a gesture of surrender. “Don’t blame me for your problems. And anyway, most of my memories of her are from when we were children. Back then, I was more interested in figuring out how to get way with slipping a frog into her pocket than in analyzing her personality.”
Luke let out a reluctant laugh. That was most likely true, and he could completely imagine such a scenario playing out. “I didn’t expect her to be so stubborn about all of this.”
“So she’s loyal to her stepsister. One of the very few people in her life who has ever shown her kindness other than her father. That’s hardly something that would be considered a fault.”
“I know. It’s just… inconvenient right now.”
“So you say.”
He raised a brow and his younger brother squirmed. Luke shook his head. “Don’t tell me you’re so eager to have our secret revealed. Or has these last few weeks in the Lady Catherine’s company made you take leave of your senses?”
“Catherine is as sensible and as honorable a woman as I’ve ever met in my life. Our secret would be safe with her.”
“And you know that, how?”
“You’d be amazed at how well you can get to know a woman, when you talk to her instead of only trying to get under her skirts.”
“I wasn’t—”
Now it was Adrian’s turn to give him an arch look. “Weren’t you?”
Heat rushed into his face, yet he wasn’t ready to admit how right his brother was. He had spent most of his few opportunities to spend time with Ella focusing on the physical, rather than anything else.
No wonder she didn’t trust him.
But there was nothing he could do about that now, and it would be impossible to resolve the situation with her stepsister for the next few days. Lady Isabelle had made it very clear that she did not consider it proper for a young unmarried woman to live in the palace without a chaperone, and he intended to stick to his earlier plan to take Ella away for a while. “I’ll try to invite her back once Ella and I return from our trip. You won’t be around then, which should reassure her mother about the proprieties of the visit.”
Adrian clenched his jaw and his scent became a mix of anger, frustration, and oddly enough, hope. “I’m not sure it’s such a good idea for me to leave Father when his health is so precarious. He won’t want to be alone.”
“The longer you wait, the more the trail you seek will grow cold.”
“You don’t think I know that!” Adrian cried. His hands tightened into fists. “Every day that I can’t go after Roslyn has been killing me, but I have my duty to our family too. It’s tearing me apart.”
“Then you should go look for her. As planned and as soon as possible,” Luke said softly. Even if he didn’t fully understand his brother’s feelings for his lost love, he would have to be completely blind not to see the way the separation was taking its toll upon him. “Father would want you to be happy.”
“The only way Father would approve of my leaving is if he thought I was going to look for Edward.” Adrian’s expression tightened. “And don’t tell me to pretend that’s what I’m doing. I’m not good enough of an actor to pull off that lie.”
Adrian was still angry at their brother. Not surprising. The last time they had seen him, Adrian pulled a knife on Edward and might have killed him, if Luke had not interfered. 
“Then don’t lie.” The dark animal magic crept over his body, and he glanced toward the horizon. The full moon was rising. “We need to head for the woods.”
They moved to the edge of the gardens and stripped off the rest their clothing. Luke glanced around, half-expecting to see a slender figure hidden among the bushes, watching them.
He still wondered exactly what happened that night. She had run from him, but had he truly tried to chase her? It seemed likely. The wolf in him was definitely a hunter.
And a killer.
He should have been able to easily run Ella down, but she had never shown any signs that he had injured her or inflicted his curse upon her.
Perhaps her presence partially nullified the curse in some way.
As unlikely as that seemed, it also appeared to be the only explanation. The animal inside him seemed to have some attachment to her. The instincts he felt when he was with Ella were not strictly human, at least, not in the sense of what civilized society expected from an ordinary person, much less a prince.
His body twisted and turned, the change from man to beast more painful than usual. Luke’s bones broke and reformed. His teeth grew sharper and larger as fur sprouted over every inch of his body.
His last conscious thought, before the magic took full possession of his mind, was an image of Ella’s beautiful face.
* * * *
“Ella…” Luke’s voice was rusty, as it always was after a full moon. He shook his head several times and rose to his feet. He was back in the gardens, the sun just rising in the east, and he tasted blood in his mouth.
But whose?
He shook his head again, trying to clear it. To search for memories that were not there. Carter emerged from the shrubbery. “Good morning, Your Highness.”
He heard Adrian groan beside him. “What happened?”
“I will investigate further, but no great harm has been done, Your Highness. No alarm was raised last night.”
That was a small relief.
Luke pulled on his trousers, but didn’t bother with the rest of his clothing, holding the bunched-up fabric in one hand as he rushed back to the bedchamber he now shared with his wife.
The windows in the room faced east and with the curtains drawn back, the first rays of sunlight filled the space. Luke caught sight of Ella, sprawled out on her side of her bed.
She was lying on her stomach, her long blonde hair spread out and partially hiding her beautiful face. She wore a similar nightgown to the one from the previous night, though he couldn’t be certain it was the same garment. Pulled tight on one side with part of the skirt tucked under her body, showing off the gentle curve of her pretty little ass.
A gnawing hunger took control of him then. He dropped his trousers and moved toward the bed. The animal inside him vied for control, some instinct urging him to simply mount her in this position and take her hard and fast.
But he reined it in. Barely.
He was already so hard for her that his cock ached.
Luke pulled the blankets aside, then pressed up against her. She made a soft, breathless sound, the rhythm of each breath growing faster and faster as she stirred, rocking her hips back against him.
She fit so perfectly into him. As if she had been made just for him.
No wonder he wanted her so much.
He brushed her hair away from the back of her neck and pressed his lips to her soft, warm skin. She let out a muted moan.
Luke began undoing the laces that held the back of her gown together, tugging the fabric down one shoulder. He slid his hand down the top of the bodice, reaching around to cup her breast. He rubbed in slow circles, then lightly pinched one nipple.
Ella blinked slowly, then opened her eyes. He could see everything in those green depths. Need, confusion, and a trace of anger.
That was the last thing he wanted. Didn’t want to give her a chance to recall their last argument. Her lips parted, and he covered her mouth with his.
She let out a soft cry that was almost more like a squeak. Her eyes wide as she rested her palms on his chest.
He coaxed her lips apart, teasing her with his tongue until her eyes closed and she softened against him.
He rose over her, stripping the nightgown from her body. Caressed her, running his hand over her breasts and down along the curve of her waist and the flare of her hip. Guided her legs apart and moved between them.
“Wait,” she whispered.
“I need you.”
She twisted away ever so slightly, and he needed to release her so he wouldn’t risk hurting her. “Can I… can I touch you again?”
“You want to what?” That was not what he’d expected her to say.
“Seems only fair.” Despite the dim light, he could see she was blushing. She bit her lip for a moment before continuing. “You know much more of my body than I do of yours.”
An intoxicating offer. “You’re right.” He settled on the mattress beside her, turning to lie on his back. “I’m all yours, Ella. Do as you wish.”
Chapter Ten
“I’m yours,” he’d said.
If only…
They were married in name and in the physical and legal sense, but she still didn’t really know him. And for this to be something more, to be something real, he had to open up to her. 
Something he didn’t seem willing to even consider doing.
She did recall that she should be mad at him. But at the moment, she wanted to focus on the good parts between them.
And that was this. This physical connection.
She looked at him, stretched out before her, his long body dominating the mattress. Ella wanted him to teach her what to do, to show her how to please him the way he had done for her the night before, but that wasn’t to be, it seemed.
Where to begin?
She rose to her knees, leaning forward to kiss his neck. He made a low sound, deep in his throat, and arched his head back to give her better access.
That was a promising start.
The last time she’d touched him—touched his scars—she had been more curious than trying to arouse. She’d wanted to soothe him, to comfort him. Maybe even find a way to do away the memory of how he’d been hurt.
This time?
It was the heat inside her that dominated her motives. She wanted to make him lose control, the way he had done to her.
She licked and nibbled along the cords of his throat. Luke let out a groan, his eyes falling closed as his hands closed into fists at his sides.
A small gesture, but it showed her some of the power she might have over him.
He was so much bigger than her. Stronger physically. Plus, there was the whole turning into a wolf thing that no ordinary human could ever hope to match. And yet at this moment, she realized that she was the one in control.
Not him.
She sat back on her heels, to better watch him as she continued her explorations. Touched the parts of him not covered by the scars. Parts left unexplored, until now. She skimmed her fingers down his chest, and the defined muscles contracted beneath her touch. Small bumps covered every inch of his skin as he shivered.
Ella repeated the gesture. This time, she let her fingers graze his flat nipples. They did not tighten or rise like hers, yet seemed to be nearly as sensitive. Even the smallest touch there made his shivers intensify into shudders and he began to breathe very fast.
Almost panting now.
She ran her hands lower, running along his flat stomach. Followed the thin trail of hair that led down from his chest, to his abdomen, and lower.
There was that part of him, the part that she didn’t have a word for. Rising high out of the nest of black curls. This was what he had used to take her, sliding it inside her to create all of those unexpected and wonderful sensations.
What would happen if she touched him there?
Hesitantly, she reached out. Her fingers brushed against the rounded head and Luke let out a sharp hiss of breath.
She immediately drew her hand back. “Sorry.”
“No… do that again.”
She bit her lip, still hesitating. She looked up at him. His blue eyes had darkened, like a storm over the ocean. Her breath hitched and there was a fresh wetness between her legs.
He grabbed her hand and moved it back to that part of him.
Strangely, it wasn’t as hard as she expected it to be. Judging from what she’d felt before, she’d expected it to be solid and as stiff as stone. But it wasn’t. A layer of skin seemed to slide over the harder core of the shaft, as soft as her own, but with prominent veins.
It pulsed in time with the beat between her legs, moving and throbbing. Luke guided her to wrap her fingers around the shaft, then urged her to move her hand up and down his length.
Each time she did, he gasped, and that part of him swelled and seeming to get even harder.
The head was thicker than the rest of it, with a slit on the very top. There was a bead of moisture there.
Was that his seed?
It seemed too soon to be that, since he wasn’t pushing that part of him inside her yet. When she touched it, it was almost like liquid silk, making her fingers glide over his hard flesh more easily than before.
She recalled how he’d pressed his mouth to the most intimate parts of her, and how good it felt. Wondered if she could do the same to him.
Curiosity overcame any lingering sense of shyness and she bent down to touch her lips to that thick head.
Luke cried out, a sharp and harsh sound, and lifted his hips toward her. His long fingers twined in her hair, tugging on the strands. Stopped her when she would have put her mouth on him again. “You don’t have to do that,” he rasped out. “I don’t expect you to—”
“What if I want to?” Her face heated. Those words seemed far too bold, but something about this man that made her braver, made her more willing to do and say more than she ever would have done before. 
Luke’s lips parted, and for the first time, she saw him speechless.
That was her answer.
It was everything.
Ella bit back a smile, then lowered her head once more. She brushed her lips over the tip, feeling the strange smoothness against her mouth. Kissed it. Then let her lips part and took him in.
There was a salty flavor, and something more. Something she couldn’t identify. Or at least, she was once again without the right words to describe it. It was a strange yet heady sensation, to have him pulsing within her mouth, and she slowly moved her head to mimic the motion she had done just moments ago with her hand.
She couldn’t take all of him in. It was too much. But she went down as far as she could go before drawing back along his length again. Some instinct told her to use her tongue as well, swirling it over the thick head and tasting more of him.
Luke let out another groan that was more like a growl that she would have expected to hear out of him while he was in his wolf-shape. She glanced up at him from under her lashes.
The sight was nearly enough to take her breath away.
He threw his head back once more, the chords of his throat visibly straining as he gasped for breath. He looked so wild, yet at that moment, he was also completely under her control.
She had him. He was hers.
And that possibility only made her wetter.
His nostrils flared and his eyes flew open. She wondered if that was partly the animal side of him coming through again, as if he’d detected a scent. Maybe even her own.
“I can’t wait any longer.” He grabbed her head on the upstroke, holding her head steady as he pressed his hips back against the mattress, so that his thick shaft was released from her mouth.
Then he shoved her onto her back, covering her with his powerful body as he immediately moved between her legs.
Now it was her turn to cry out as she felt him pushing inside her.
It didn’t hurt this time. It didn’t hurt at all.
Her stepmother had spoken of the endurance needed to survive the marriage bed, implying that the pain would last forever.
She should have assumed she would not tell the truth.
Not when the lies could hurt Ella so much more…
That part of her husband stretched and filled her. She grew softer and wetter while he got harder. They fit together so perfectly. She was soft where he was hard and made to yield where he would be unbending. She learned his rhythm and matched it, lifting her hips in time with his thrusts.
He slid one hand under her as he slammed into her again and again. Each collision of their hips sent a jolt through her entire body and set off ripples of sensation.
No.
Not just sensation.
Pleasure.
“Mine,” he whispered in her ear.
He’d said that before, when he’d first taken her innocence.
Did he mean it? Was it something all husbands felt for their wives, or did it have something to do with the animal side of him?
And did it really matter?
Ella locked her legs around his waist, squirming as those contractions deep inside her core began, as if that part of her was trying to squeeze and hold on to that part of him.
To keep him inside of her forever.
“I’m not going to last long, Ella.” He slid his free hand between them, caressing her. Driving the pleasure higher and higher. “Come with me.”
She hadn’t known that word before, not in this sense, but now her body responded to his sensual demand. She cried out, clinging to his broad shoulders as she shook and shook, and the waves of intense need and pleasure swept over her. Swamped her so that she felt like she could no longer breathe.
And no longer caring if she breathed again.
Gasping, clinging to him, as he swelled inside her. Then there was a warmth, another wetness, and she knew he was filling her with his seed.
His seed. And perhaps even his child.
The image of having a baby, his baby, sent her over the edge again, and Luke growled as she clenched her inner muscles around him once more.
They collapsed together, sinking deep into the mattress as if they could retreat from the world. At that moment, he was her world. Her everything. The only thing she was aware of. His heat. His weight. The feel of his sweaty skin against hers.
As her breathing slowed, so did his, and the room grew quiet. Still enough that she heard a door being opened and the sounds of servants moving about without making much of an effort to be discreet.
Or so it seemed.
There were several bumps and crashes, along with the distinct noise of a heavy trunk being lifted and dropped.
Luke chuckled and nuzzled his face against her neck. “It appears they took me a little too seriously, when I said I wanted to get as early a start as possible for our journey.”
“We’re really going somewhere?”
He sighed. “Of course. Why won’t you believe me?”
“You haven’t told me anything about it.”
“It’s a secret.”
Another secret. It shouldn’t bother her so much that he was keeping this from her, but combined with everything else… “I can’t even know where we’re going?”
“I think you’ll like it. I hope you’ll like it.” But he made no move to get up. His weight pinned her to the mattress, large and solid and immoveable. And something else too. Inside her.
He was still hard down there.
Her breath hitched, and she shifted her hips. A small motion that mimicked what they’d done together just a few minutes ago. “I-I guess we should get out of bed?”
“Not yet.” Luke’s voice deepened into another of those growls, the rough sound sending shivers down Ella’s spine, and not at all in an unpleasant way. Her husband began kissing her neck, his powerful hands gliding over her breasts. Plucked at her nipples, which were also tight and taut once more. “I have other things I want to do first.”
“Such as?”
“This.” He bent and took her nipple in her mouth, swirling his tongue around the hard tip. Then he blew lightly upon the wet flesh, the shock of the temperature making another tremor run through her. He drew back his hips, then rocked forward, driving deep with one smooth, hard thrust. “And this…”
“Oh!”
“Unless you want to leave now?”
“No.” She lifted her hips to each of his thrusts, offering herself up to him and at the same time, digging her fingers into his shoulders to hold him closer. “Not yet.”
“Good call…”
Chapter Eleven
“This isn’t what I was expecting.” Ella yelped and nearly fell off her seat as the carriage hit another rut in the dirt road. She righted herself and peered out the window. Both sides of the road were thick with heavy forests, with no sign of man around them. “With the number of trunks you ordered them to pack for me, I didn’t think I would end up in the middle of nowhere.”
“I told them to ensure you had enough to last for a couple of weeks. I didn’t specify an exact amount of clothing.” He hoped that they would spend the time wearing as little as possible but doubted such a suggestion would go over very well. Not right now.
They rose the crest of another small hill and as they descended, the carriage swayed from side to side as the road grew rougher. Ella grabbed onto the sill of the window, her knuckles whitening. “How much further are we going?”
He glanced out and recognized the boundaries of the property they were searching for. “Just a few minutes more.”
“Good. At this rate, I might be so bruised that I’ll never want to sit down again.” The slight smirk on her face took much of the sting out of the accusation.
“You could always come sit in my lap.”
Her face flushed. “I’m not so sure that’s a good idea.”
“Worried I won’t be able to control myself?” It could be a genuine concern, he knew. The image of having her sit on him, with her soft little bottom pressing down into him, was enough to make him hard. “Or are you worried about your self-control?”
She bit her lip and looked away. “Don’t flatter yourself.”
“It’s not flattery. More like wishful thinking.” And he was teasing her. He knew he needed to restrain himself. Luke still recalled the advice Adrian had given him the night before, about taking the time to truly get to know his bride.
He planned to do just that. To talk to her. To get to know her. A little self-denial would do him good, for once.
Her head snapped around and she stared at him, eyes wide. But before she could say anything, the carriage showed to a halt, and the door was pulled open from the outside.
Luke stepped out first, then turned and offered her his hand to help her down. She was shaking slightly, perhaps from the lingering vibrations from the rough carriage ride, and not caused by anything she was feeling about him.
Ella gasped. “This is beautiful!”
“We used to come up here all the time when I was a kid.” Sometimes called a royal hunting lodge, the property was more like a cottage. It had been a part of his mother’s dowry when she married his father. “I wanted us to go someplace small, so we wouldn’t need to have any servants around.”
“I see.” She focused her gaze on the cottage.
Luke also turned his attention to the structure, trying to see it the way she might. It was strikingly different from the palace back home, or even the manor she had been living in, which once belonged to her father.
Instead of being made of stone, as many of the buildings back in the capital city were, this was built out of wood. Weathered in a way that made it blend in quite nicely with the forest. He knew from experience that it was solid and secure, able to stand up to the worst weather that winter or any other season could throw at it. “The best part is on the other side.” He gave her hand a squeeze. “Feel up to doing a little walking, Ella?”
There was that slight smirk on her face again. It was such an adorable expression, that it took every bit of control that Luke possessed to keep from kissing her. “Maybe just a little.”
He led her up to the front door and pushed it open, then bent and swept her off to her feet. Held her close. “Or I could carry you.”
She laughed softly, her hands flattening against his chest as she gave him a playful push. “You don’t have to do this. I was just kidding when I said—”
“I know. But I enjoy having an excuse to hold you in my arms.”
She rolled her eyes. “Yeah, I might have noticed that.”
It didn’t take long for him to cross the full length of the main room and open the back door. Showed her the only part of the structure built of stone, a wide veranda that overlooked the side of the mountain they were on.
Luke set her on her feet and took her hand once more, leading her to the railing to peer over the edge. “What do you think?”
“It feels like I can see the entire world from here.” Her voice was soft and reverent, and her eyes were suspiciously shiny.
“Not quite. But you can see most of the kingdom.”
“This is amazing.” They stood there for several minutes before they heard the carriage being driven away.
“No one else is here but us, now.”
“Oh?” She gave him an arch look. “I suppose you have plans as to what we would do up here? Alone.”
It was easy to tell what she was thinking. “Maybe we could talk a little.”
“Talk?” A small giggle escaped her lips. “Is that another name for what we did together this morning?”
“Not in this case, no.” It bothered him a bit, what she’d said, though he hardly blamed her for expecting such behavior from him. He’d made no attempt to show interest in anything other than their physical connection. “I really do mean to talk. Adrian said something last night that really hit home. About how I wasn’t making much of an effort to get to know you.”
The oddest expression passed over her beautiful face, but he couldn’t quite define it. “I’m sure you know more about me than I do about you.”
True. “Then ask me anything.”
“Anything?”
He hesitated, then nodded. It was only fair. “Yeah.”
She turned away, staring out at the mountains and forests around them. “I’m surprised you and Adrian don’t come up here during the full moon. This seems like a much better place to hide your secrets than in the palace garden.”
“You’re probably right.” He remembered the taste of blood in his mouth on that morning. Fortunately, it had been from an animal, and not human. His valet’s investigation uncovered a report about a farmer’s sheep that had been killed by a wolf. “We both considered it, but I guess it reminds us too much of…”
“Of what?”
He waved a hand toward the surrounding woods. “This is very similar to the place where we were attacked.”
“Attacked?”
“I showed you the scars.” Despite his resolution to talk, and even keeping in mind what Adrian had said about their secret, he wasn’t entirely comfortable with the current direction the conversation was taking. “As for the rest, I thought you and Adrian were friends? Didn’t you ask him?”
“He said you should be the one to tell me.”
“So you did ask him.”
“I was curious, and I had little chance to talk to you before the wedding. And every time we were alone, you were too focused on trying to kiss me.”
Heat rushed into Luke’s face, and he hunched his shoulders. “You’re right. I’m sorry. But it’s a long story.”
“We have time. And I’m listening.”
Still, he hesitated. “I’m not even sure where to begin.” He stared down into his wife’s face, seeing some of the light go out of her eyes as she clearly expected him to evade the subject once more. “Are you sure you want to hear this? It’s not pretty.”
“I never expected it to be anything else.” She slipped one hand under the collar of his shirt, lightly stroking close to the edge of one of his scars. “Tell me, Luke. Please.”
He shuddered as the memories swamped him and he turned away, grasping the railing so hard that the wood nearly cracked under his hands. “I don’t like remember that night, that’s all.”
To his surprise, she embraced him from behind, slipping her slender arms around his waist and hugging him tightly. “Don’t you recall that one part of our wedding vows? We’re supposed to share each other’s burdens now.”
In that moment, he realized how strong she was. Not physically, of course.
It was something deeper. Rarer.
Something he wasn’t always certain was inside himself.
But then again, to have endured living with her stepmother, she’d needed to be strong.
So he told her. His voice cracked and often wavered, but with her arms around him, and the fact that he didn’t have to look at her as he spoke, made it a little easier.
He held nothing back. Once he started, he couldn’t. It was like the words had been behind a dam all this time, locked away deep inside him but once the barrier was breached, they poured forward almost without him willing it to happen.
He described their travels, how he and his brothers had taken on the disguise of ordinary sailors. How Adrian fell in love with the merchant’s daughter, and how a young peasant woman had caught Edward’s eye.
Unfortunately, love had nothing to do with Edward’s situation.
It had been a game.
Similar to ones they all played at some time or another. A privilege of their rank and of their sex. He’d never imagined that they would all end up paying for Edward’s misjudgment.
Because that had been no ordinary woman. Her mother, a witch with a kind of powers none of them had ever imagined possible, called up a pack of wolves to destroy them during a full moon.
Luke didn’t know if they were cursed beings like he and his brothers were, or if they were true wolves. 
He assumed there had to have been more magic involved, whether they were natural wolves or cursed men. Each time that he changed into a beast, he was left with little to recall in the morning. The full moon always took him over completely, leaving little room for rational thought.
He became a creature of instinct, under the command of primitive impulses to attack and kill.
And yet, somehow, only he and his brothers had been attacked by the witch’s wolves. He had very little memory of that night, although that might be more due to the fact that he didn’t want to remember it. Being able to recollect his brothers’ screams of pain was bad enough, especially when coupled with the memory of fangs sinking into his flesh. Tearing him open.
Luke, Edward, and Adrian had not been alone that night. A pair of servants had been with them, yet those other men remained untouched.
And he vaguely recalled something more: the glint of metal among the fur of the beasts. Perhaps an amulet of some sort that allowed the witch to control the wolves.
He didn’t know. He glanced at Ella. 
She possessed some magic her too, though of a sort that was more natural than evil. It had to be what kept him from attacking her on the night of the ball.
Her face had turned pale and her eyes were very wide as she stared at him. Her lips parted, her mouth rounded into an expression of shock and horror.
It was obvious that he hadn’t been thinking clearly throughout his confession. “Sorry,” he said. He should have spared her the goriest details. “I shouldn’t have said all that. It’s too much for you.”
Something changed in her then as the color returned to her face. “You don’t need to protect me from that, Luke. But that attack… Is that why your brother disappeared? Is that why no one is looking for him?”
“Partly. Adrian and I did talk about one of us, or both of us, taking turns to go look for Edward, but…”
She tightened her arms around him, pressing her face against his back. “You’re still angry with him.”
Was he? He often told himself he had come to terms with what happened, that he had forgiven Edward’s part in all this. “I have no reason to still be angry with him. No reason to complain about it, at least. I haven’t lost as much as Adrian has.”
She released him then, and he assumed that she could no longer bear to touch him. That his past was just too much for her, as he always assumed it would be for any woman.
But that wasn’t it at all.
Instead, she stepped around him, placing one hand under his chin. To force him to look her in the eye. And though he was strong enough to pull away, something about her gaze kept him locked in place. “I’ll go with you when you’re ready. I’ll help you find him.”
“It might not be safe.”
“Would your brother hide near his enemies?”
“No.” Edward had been many things, including selfish and inconsiderate, but he’d never been stupid. “But that doesn’t mean they’re not trying to find us. Especially him. I’m not sure they meant for him to live.”
“I’m sure you’ll protect me, no matter what’s out there.”
She sounded so certain about that. Even though she barely knew him, even though they barely knew each other, she already trusted him in some way. He leaned forward to press a kiss to her forehead. “Thank you.”
“So we’ll wait until Adrian completes his quest, I’m assuming, before setting off ourselves?”
“For a while, at least. But Father will not rest easy until he knows Edward’s fate.”
“You expect Adrian will take a long time to—”
“The young woman’s family found out about the curse. About what he’s become. They never approved of their daughter’s relationship with Adrian before that, and I’m sure they were glad for any excuse to make sure that it was permanently broken.” He and his brothers had been on their way to her family’s home, so that Adrian could ask for their permission to marry Roslyn, when the curse took them over the first time. “They hid her away somewhere.”
Ella’s expressive eyes shone. “That’s so sad,” she whispered.
“You’re not jealous?”
“Why would I be?”
“Remember when I first told Father about our engagement? He seemed surprised that you were marrying me instead of Adrian.”
“That likely had more to do with his regard for my father than anything else. Adrian and I were only friends. Nothing more. And sometimes not even that. He was very good at driving me crazy when we were kids.”
Luke laughed. “I’d like to think I drive you crazy too, but in a different way.” He pulled her close, sliding his hand down to her bottom to pull her against him. “But that doesn’t mean we can’t be friends too.”
“Friends?”
“It seems like a good place to start. Especially since we’ll be spending a lifetime together.”
“I’d like that.” There was a low rumble, and he couldn’t tell if it was her stomach or his. But Ella drew back with a laugh, rubbing her hand over her midsection. “Now that’s embarrassing. I don’t suppose you asked someone to make us a meal before they left us alone?”
He should have. Considering he had dragged her all this way out from the palace, almost directly out of their bed without pause for anything except to get dressed. “No. But I’m sure I can come up with something.”
“A prince that can cook?” Her lips curved into another one of those adorable smirks. “This is something I have to see.”
Chapter Twelve
It turned out that there was no cooking required for them to have a meal. The servants left them some bread and cheese, which Luke sliced and laid out on plates. “I’ll try to make something more substantial later.”
“That won’t be necessary.” They could live very well on these two things alone. “I don’t need anything fancy.”
“I want to do it. To spoil you, especially after the way your stepmother treated you.”
“You already have.” This was a feast compared to the portions she had been allowed at home.
Luke broke a slice of bread into smaller pieces, then held one to her lips. “Tell me about your father.”
Ella tensed. Taking the bite he offered and chewing slowly, allowed her to hesitate for a while longer before speaking. “What did you want to know?”
“The stories I heard from my father made no sense. From what he said, your father was one of the most brilliant men in the kingdom, and a good person. I can’t understand how he would have willingly left his only child in the sort of situation…”
“I thought that a few times too.” Considering such things made her feel guilty, as if by considering his potential faults, she betrayed her father’s memory. “But you shouldn’t underestimate Lady Isabelle’s capacity for hiding her true nature.”
“Is that why you stayed with her as long as you did? You didn’t see—”
Ella shook her head. “I stayed because I made a promise to my father. When he was dying, he asked me to take care of my stepmother and my stepsisters.”
Luke grimaced. “And yet I have the impression that you were never close to any of them. Not even Catherine, at least until you two were living in my father’s palace.”
“Cat was always caught up in her books. I doubt she knew what was going on in the family half the time.” Once again, she felt like she had to be a bit defensive. This time, for her stepsister’s sake. “But she’s proven that she’s nothing like her mother.”
“I still don’t understand.”
Ella hadn’t realized how hungry she was until now and took more several bites before she spoke again. “It’s not something that can be explained in a single conversation.”
“Then I guess that it’s a good thing we’ll have at least a few days to talk about these things, without having to worry about any servants overhearing us.”
“Are you ashamed of me, Luke?”
“I wouldn’t have married you if I was.” He reached across the table and clasped her hand. “But I got the feeling that you’re not used to having so many people around you all the time. And that you might want more privacy for whenever you discuss your family.”
And the extra privacy served his purpose too, she suspected. It was why he could open up to her about how he and his brothers were cursed.
Was that why he refused to tell Catherine the truth? Because he had feared that she might not be the only one who learned about it, with such a high probability of being overheard by someone within the palace walls?
That was a likely explanation, though not a very good one, in Ella’s opinion. But maybe if she could get him used to telling secrets during this time together, he would be more open to the possibility of trusting her stepsister as well as herself.
The odds were high against that happening, but it was her one small chance to make a difference.
Even though she had instructed Catherine to contact the palace if she needed any help, Ella still felt like she should have done more.
If only…
“It’s such a beautiful day outside,” Luke said. “Seems a shame that I can’t take you out for a ride, to show you all the best places around this estate.”
“I know how to ride. Or I used to.” The last time she had been on her horse was immediately after her father’s funeral, as part of a vain attempt to run away from the pain of losing him. That mount, along with all the other horses in the family’s possession save those needed to draw the carriage, were among the first things that Lady Isabelle sold to pay for her ever-mounting debts. “It’s been a while, but I’m told it’s something that you never really forget how to do.”
“We have stables here, but I asked the servants to take the horses away before we arrived.”
“Why?”
“You didn’t notice how the carriage horses shied away from me? I think they all sense what I’ve become.”
That was entirely possible. If the curse changed Luke’s scent to something more animalistic, then the horses would have picked up on the difference. And any trace of a predator would definitely have agitated them. “I’m guessing you haven’t ridden for a while either.”
“Not since I’ve been back. It wouldn’t be fair to my mount, to give him such stress.”
She doubted either of them had paid much attention to what they were eating, but both of their plates were now empty. She stacked them together and carried them to the kitchen. “There’s no reason we can’t go for a walk, right? Although we won’t be able to go as far on foot, you could still show me around.”
“If you feel up to it, then I’d be pleased to take you.”
“What is with all this concern about what I can and can’t do? Did you expect to be too much for me, somehow?”
One corner of his mouth quirked into a smile. “I should have known that you are stronger than most women. I’ve always been told that a bride needed a considerable amount of time to recover from the wedding night.”
“I heard that too.”
“From your stepmother? The servants told me she insisted on taking your mother’s place, to talk to you about what to expect from the marriage bed.”
Ella grimaced. “She did. I should have known better than to believe her, even for a moment.”
He stepped closer, reaching up to trace his fingers along the side of her cheek. “I was trying my best not to be too greedy with you.”
“I suppose I should feel lucky to have a husband capable of such restraint.”
“You don’t sound very happy about it.”
“I guess I was feeling a bit greedy about you too.” She bit her lip, her face was on fire, yet she couldn’t look away. Luke’s gaze locked with hers and she found herself getting lost in those brilliant blue eyes. “I didn’t know it was possible to feel that way about someone.”
“I’m flattered.” He sketched out a very faint bow and held out his arm to her. “Maybe we should try that walk, first.”
Part of her wanted to object, but then she remembered what he had said about trying to be friends. Hadn’t she wanted something like this? To make their connection something more than physical? Though legally bound to each other for life, it didn’t automatically mean that everything would be perfect between them.
She knew they would have to work at it.
She has seen the difference of what could happen in a marriage when the partners were also friends, compared to when they were not. Many of her memories of her mother were vague, yet something about the way Father always talked about her made it clear that they’d felt a genuine respect and affection for each other.
His second marriage had been something that Ella never wanted to aspire to. Cold and unfeeling almost from the beginning, though the Lady Isabelle had put up a front of trying to pretend that she wanted to be a mother to yet another little girl. And Father had even said that was his reason for remarrying: he believed that only a woman could help his daughter grow up properly.
Which was a noble intention.
It was just his execution that turned out to be flawed.
But she wouldn’t think about that now either. She’d had enough of memories for the moment and the sun was indeed pleasant. There was just the slightest breeze too. Not strong enough to be uncomfortable, but enough to take the edge off the heat of the day.
Ella had never been one to enjoy spending much time in nature. It was not something that she had been exposed to very much as a girl. Even riding horses was a carefully controlled activity, done within the confines of her family’s estate and preferably within sight of the manor house itself.
She had been taught that the forest was dangerous. And no place for a lady.
Though it was occasionally rough going on the uneven trails, she never once felt unsafe. Perhaps because Luke was so attentive and caring, taking the time to help her find her footing on even the most challenging of paths.
He did most of the talking, but she didn’t mind. He was an excellent conversationalist, witty and entertaining. Regaled her with stories of what he and his two brothers had gotten up to in these very woods.
It was a side of him she had never seen before, and she rather liked it. It was also very different from what she always been told by Adrian. When they were children, the youngest prince often bemoaned the fact that his older brothers had little time for him. 
Perhaps that was true, in a way. Most of Luke’s tales involved only Edward. But there were enough mentions of Adrian’s mischief, to make it clear that they had not always left him behind as much as he said they did.
She realized that she could truly learn to like this man. Maybe even…
No. It was too soon for anything more than that.
They followed a small stream up the mountain, eventually coming upon an area beneath a small cliff. There, the water widened out into a small pool beneath a waterfall. Luke grinned and something very close to mischief danced in his eyes. “Any chance that you know how to swim?”
“Not at all.” There had been no reason for her to learn.
“Do you want me to teach you?”
She looked from the water, to her husband, and back again. Heat rushed through her body as she realized exactly what he was asking. “I’m not so sure that’s a good idea.”
He unbuttoned the sleeves of his shirt, then lifted it up over his head and tossed it aside, exposing the sleek muscles of his chest and shoulders. His hands went to the buckle of his belt next, but instead of undoing it, he paused and looked at her, still grinning. “No one’s around but us. You know that.”
What he was suggesting was highly improper and even a little wicked, but at that moment, Ella wasn’t concerned about rules. She turned her back to him. “I suppose you’re right. But I’ll need a little help with these buttons.”
His deep chuckle was warm and masculine and sent a series of shivers down her spine. “Of course.”
He took his time, lingering over the task. Kissed every bit of exposed skin as he slowly pulled her clothing away. First her dress, then her shift, and finally her corset and stockings, until she was naked before him. She heard another one of those low growls rumble from deep in his chest and glanced over her shoulder.
He stared at her, his eyes dark with desire. “You’re so beautiful, Ella,” he whispered. “This all seems like a dream. To be able to touch you like this.”
She could tell him so many things. That he had rescued her from her living nightmare. That she also felt like it was a dream. Something too good to be true because it should have been impossible for someone like him to want her.
But she feared breaking the spell.
Instead, she turned and reached for him. For the buckle of his belt. “It’s not fair that you get to see all of me, while you’re still wearing this.” She almost didn’t recognize her own voice in that moment. So full of need and a confidence that she had never known herself capable of feeling.
She pulled the leather strap free, then began working on the buttons that lined the fly of his trousers. The thick fabric stretched taut over a large, prominent bulge.
He wanted her.
Ella wished she could be as sure with his fastenings as he had been with hers, but she had never undressed anyone before. He did nothing to help her, and her fingers grew clumsy as his thick flesh pulsed and grew harder under her touch.
That part of him sprang free as soon as the last button slipped out of its hole. She ran her fingers along the hard length, marveling once again at the difference between her body and his.
He took her hand, pausing only to kiss each of her fingertips in turn, before he led her toward the water. Though the pond was fully exposed to the sun, the water itself was chilled from its high mountain position. She shivered and gasped as it touched her skin, but then Luke drew her into his arms and she quickly forgot everything else.
The pond was too shallow for her to worry about drowning, but he made good on his word and taught her to swim. It wasn’t long before they were chasing each other around the water, teasing and splashing.
Ella couldn’t remember the last time she had laughed so much. Or felt so… free.
Then Luke caught her by the waist and drew her close, claiming her mouth with his.
The chill of the water had done nothing to diminish his desire. She felt him pulsing hard against her belly as they kissed, their tongues dancing together in an already familiar rhythm.
She wanted to touch him. Everywhere. It had been too long.
Ella skimmed her fingers along his chest, down his stomach. His muscles contracted and he let out a low groan against her mouth. He touched her in return, caressing her breasts, her bottom, her…
She cried out as he pressed one hand between her legs. “You’re so wet for me.”
She caught that part of him in her hand. He was so hard for her, but she wasn’t bold enough to say that out loud. She squeezed him and stroked him, and his low groans turned into rough growls.
Luke suddenly clasped both hands on her hips, lifting her free of the water. “Wrap your legs around my waist.”
She did.
He carried her out of the pond, barely letting their lips part from each other. The kisses grew hotter and wetter. More desperate.
She tried to reach down again, but the position of their bodies made it impossible for her to touch him in that place, that part of his body, that so fascinated and intrigued her.
He laid her down on a soft patch of grass under a nearby tree. Disentangled himself from her embrace and kissed his way down her body. Ella bit back another gasp and lifted her hips in instinctive anticipation.
Luke urged her to spread her legs for him, then knelt between her thighs. He kissed her breasts, sucking the water from her nipples, then worked his way down. Explored her with his mouth.
Then he was down there.
Licking her between her legs in the most intimate sort of kiss possible. Just as he had the first night. She cried out again and again as he slowly worked his tongue over her heated flesh, her insides contracting as a flood of wetness surged to greet him.
“You taste so good.” He barely lifted his mouth to whisper the words, and the feel of his breath against her slick skin sent a fresh shiver throughout her body. “Come for me, Ella…”
The pleasure built upon itself, higher and higher with each slow and deliberate sweep of his tongue. Then his fingers were sliding inside her, caressing her from the inside, and she clamped down on him hard.
It was too much.
She cried out, arching into his hand and mouth as she surrendered to him.
Body and heart and soul.
Completely.
Chapter Thirteen
He would never tire of how responsive Ella was. Her natural sensuality. In ordinary situations, she was already beautiful, but like this, spread open for him, her body quivering with the orgasm he was giving her, she was the most exquisite creature he had ever seen. Her contractions were strong, her inner muscles clamping down on him until he thought she might snap the very bones of his fingers.
If she had, he wasn’t sure if he would care.
Because right now and for always, she was his.
All his.
No other man had ever seen her like this. And no man ever would.
Her tremors stilled, and she flattened against the ground. Her rasping breaths seemed too-loud, even in this open space. Luke drew his fingers from her sheath, pausing to lick off her juices. He groaned at the taste of her desire, closing his eyes to relish the sensation.
When he opened them again, he realized that she had risen to her knees. Still trembling as her hands landed on his shoulders and her mouth found his. She kissed him the way he taught her, her tongue plumbing deep between his lips as she reached down and gently skimmed her fingers over his aching cock.
Such a light contact. Like feathers over his flesh. And yet it had the most powerful effect on him, because it was from her. His breath quickened and his balls drew up tight against his body. His cock pulsed, and he groaned as he nearly spent his seed right then and there.
He broke the kiss as he pushed her hand away. “You’re going to make me lose control if you keep doing that.”
“And what if I want you to lose control?”
He inhaled sharply. His shy bride was quickly losing her reticence along with her innocence. “Not right now. I had other plans for you.”
“Oh?”
“Lie back. I need to taste you again.”
She made a small sound, deep in her throat, and did as instructed. He fell between her legs, running his tongue over her wetness, taking her taste deep into himself.
He started with the broad strokes of his tongue that he knew she liked, then began alternating between those motions, and tracing just the tip of his tongue along the rim of her pussy.
Teasing them both.
He placed one hand over her clit, lightly rubbing that sensitive spot as he thrust his tongue inside her as deep as it would go, sliding in and out in a small imitation of the way he would take her with his cock.
Her juices flooded him again, the fragrance and taste of her need becoming nearly overwhelming. The animal inside him roared to life, despite the fact that the full moon was well and truly over. Growling at him to claim her again.
To mate with her.
To fill her with his seed and mark her body as his in the most basic way possible.
He would do that, but not just yet.
Luke pushed his tongue into her as far as he could, so deep that it became difficult to breathe, but was rewarded by the sharpening cries she made and her hips rising to bounce against his face.
He drew back and replaced his tongue with his fingers. She was so ready for him, she easily took two digits, despite her natural tightness. He worked them in and out several times before adding a third, stretching her more thoroughly in this manner than he had ever dared to do with her before.
She climaxed once more, her pussy pulsing with life and need and an oh, so delicious rhythm. He rode out her orgasm, leaning in to flick his tongue over her clit to drive her higher and higher.
His cock was so hard, he was in genuine pain. He wasn’t sure how much more of this he could take.
But every other time between them had been rushed in some way. Even their first. And for once, he was determined to draw it out. To bring her to a higher and more intense pleasure.
She opened her eyes, her lashes lifting in an excruciatingly slow motion, as if they suddenly weighed far more than usual. Or she simply didn’t have the energy to do it quickly. “Tell me what to do,” she whispered. “I want to please you too.”
Well, since she asked so nicely… He took one of her hands and moved it between her legs. “Touch yourself.”
Her eyes widened. “I’m not sure how—”
“You like the way I stroke you, right? Do that.”
He released his hold on her wrist and leaned back, running his hand over his cock as he watched her slowly explore her own body. “Use your other hand to hold yourself open. So I can see you.”
She bit her lip, moaning again as she spread her pussy lips for him with one hand while stroking the area with the other. Her motions were uncertain at first, her expression in her scent full of embarrassment and uncertainty.
But as arousal rose, her stroking fingers moved faster, and her head fell back. Ella closed her eyes, her teeth still embedded in her lower lip as she rocked her hips.
The sight of her pleasuring herself was nearly too much, but he squeezed his cock hard to stop himself from coming too soon. He leaned forward slightly, careful to touch her with just one hand.
If he touched anything else, if he let himself play with her wetness and heat once more, he would not be able to stop himself from thrusting himself deep inside her.
And as much as he wanted that, he was enjoying this little show. He wanted Ella to know how much he worshipped her body. To learn to savor the delights that could come from indulging in one’s desires.
Plus, watching her was an incredibly sexy experience. One he wouldn’t trade for everything in the world.
He guided her hand away from her slit, to touch her clit. “Rub yourself here, now. That’s it.”
She moaned, turning her head to one side as she toyed with the taut nub of flesh, the rocking of her hips growing quicker, more prominent. Then she suddenly arched her back hard, crying out, and he knew she was coming again.
The scent of her arousal swamped his senses.
He could stand it no longer. He rose over her and immediately pushed into her still quivering sheath. She wrapped her arms around him, her hands clutching at him and pulling him closer.
Her tightness wrapped around his cock like a glove. Ella undulated beneath him, as if trying to draw him even deeper. “Please,” she said with a whimper.
“What do you want from me, Ella? Say it.”
“I want—” her cheeks flushed, and she swallowed hard. She screwed her eyes shut even tighter, as if she were trying to hide from him, despite the fact that their bodies were joined. “I want more of you.”
“Where?” She was normally so quiet during sex, he wanted to teach her to talk to him. He drew out slowly, so just the tip of him was inside her. “Here?”
She made a sound that was half-sob, half-laugh. “That isn’t what I meant!”
“Then say the words, sweetheart. I know you can.”
Her eyes flew open. He could see the need in those beautiful green depths. The confusion and doubt. “I can’t. It’s too embarrassing.”
“Nothing’s too embarrassing. Not when you’re with me.”
She swallowed, visibly. “I want you. Deeper.”
“Like this?” He thrust back into her in one smooth motion until he was buried to the hilt.
She let out a brief scream, and her fingers tightened on his shoulders. “Yes!”
“Want more?” Beads of sweat formed on his brow. He was fighting for control, something that had been second-nature before he’d been with her. 
“More.” She lifted her hips, sliding her hands down his back to cup his ass. Kneaded the muscles under the flesh, as if to urge him on. “Don’t hold back any longer, Luke. Please!”
Her nails scored his skin, leaving her mark on his flesh. The slight sting, combined with the need in her voice and the scent of her peaking desire, shattered the last remnants of his control.
He covered her mouth with his, swallowing each of her heated cries as he rammed into her. She tightened around him, squeezing him. He drove harder and faster, the slick sound of his flesh gliding inside her punctuated by the slapping together of their hips and thighs.
It wasn’t enough. It would never be enough.
No. He would never get as deep inside of her, as close to her, as he craved. He needed to be joined with her in every sense.
She screamed into his mouth, her fingers tightening on his ass as her slender body bowed beneath his. She shook and shook, and he slammed deep one last time. His cock swelled and the pleasure exploded within him.
Out of him.
He pulsed. She squeezed.
It was a perfect rhythm, movements buried deep inside her as their bodies stilled against each other. The seed shot from him once, twice, with a force he’d never felt before, and her pussy tightened around him still more, as if trying to wring out every last drop…
He fell into her. Became lost in her.
As their breathing slowed, he rolled onto his back, dragging Ella across his body. Keeping them joined. Her head rested on his chest, her small hand beside it, seeming to take measure of his heart.
His cock softened and slipped out of her body, but he knew it wouldn’t be long before he was hard again.
That was the power she had over him.
It might have made him feel helpless and out of control, but in a way, it was also a part of himself that he was more than willing to surrender.
To her.
She shifted slightly, so she was lying more on her side. Luke ran one hand down the side of her body, following the curve of her breast and the dip of her waist. Then he slid his hand around to flatten over her stomach.
There was nothing to feel, of course. It was far too soon. But he couldn’t help wondering about what might already be happening inside her, about how his seed might already have taken root in her womb.
Giving them a child. Something he once wanted mostly for his father’s sake.
Now?
Despite a lingering fear that his curse might pass on to the next generation, the thought of having someone who was part of him and part Ella in this world made his heart soar in a way that it had not for a very long time.
He stared down into a beautiful, flushed face. Her eyes were shining, and he thought he saw emotion there. Something more than desire. Once again, it was too soon to consider the possibility of anything like that, though he couldn’t help wishing…
Yet with even all the uncertainty between them, Luke felt as if a great weight had been lifted from his shoulders, a burden he had been carrying since he and his brothers were cursed.
For the first time, he felt like he truly had something to look forward to. And he couldn’t wait to see how things with Ella would continue to change and grow.
Chapter Fourteen
“Luke, stop!” Ella squealed with laughter, swatting at his hands as his fingers danced up and down her sides. Tickling her. Tears filled her eyes and she could barely see, but somehow, she twisted out of his hold and made another run for it.
They had played this game before.
In the two weeks that they had been up at the cottage, she had learned both layout of the building and the nearby woods. She could slip and duck into far smaller spaces than he could. It was the one thing that evened out the odds a little, which were generally in his favor because of his longer legs and greater speed.
There was one other thing he could probably take advantage of: his wolf-like senses. Both his hearing and his sense of smell were much stronger than ordinary humans, even when the moon was not full.
He could track her with both.
The existence of that change in him was just another of the small things he’d confided in her during this time alone. That he was growing more open in their relationship, that he was willing to share more and more, gave her hope.
Maybe this would work after all…
A twig snapped behind her.
She glanced back and saw the shadow of her very large husband trying to press himself into a much smaller space than he could ever hope to fit into. She bit back a giggle to keep from revealing her position, grabbed her skirt in both hands, and raced toward the cottage.
Big mistake. Luke shouted with laughter. “I see you!”
The sound of his amusement pleased her and made her stomach do a funny little flip-flop.
That was another thing that changed during this time. When she first encountered him, he’d been so solemn, so full of sorrow. He had barely smiled, much less laughed.
She liked to think it meant that she was good for him. That they were good for each other.
Ella slipped around and through the back door of the cottage, crossing nearly half of the kitchen before Luke caught up with her. She tried to duck out of his way once more, but she wasn’t fast enough—she was never fast enough unless he was indulging her in some way—and he snaked one arm around her waist, pulling her back against him.
His fingers danced along her ribs again. She squealed with helpless laughter, writing and twisting against him, yet never able to break his hold. “No fair!”
Luke paused. “What do you mean?”
She gasped for breath, finding it difficult to get enough air into her lungs to keep from growing dizzy, much less being able to speak. “I-I never should have mentioned tickling. It’s not fair when you’re not ticklish.”
“Maybe I am.” Her husband smirked. “And you just haven’t found the right spots yet.”
She had explored much of his body, knew it nearly as well as her own. He’d never given the slightest hint that he might be ticklish. In any spot. But she knew where he happened to be sensitive.
She twisted about and ran her fingers down his chest. Not stopping at his stomach, she looked up at him, biting her lip and wondering if she truly dared to go lower.
The lines of his handsome face were drawn tight, and she recognized the look of need and longing in his expression.
She could do this.
Ella brought her hand down lower, skimming over the hard bulge hidden behind Luke’s trousers. He visibly shuddered and she forced out a laugh. “Oh, is that the spot?”
He groaned. “Ella…” His growl was low and full of warning.
Which she was more than ready to ignore. She knew she had him right where she wanted him.
She cupped his hard shape, felt it pulsing through the thick fabric. Aware of one word that might be used to describe that part of him now.
He called it his cock. Another ordinary word that apparently had an intimate—or rather erotic—meaning.
She doubted she would ever be able to say it aloud. Heat rushed into her face, a warmth that had nothing to do with desire and everything to do with embarrassment, at just the possibility of being so bold with him.
Despite her husband’s encouragement when they were in bed together, Ella would never be much of a talker.
Not in that.
All humor in his expression burned away. His blue eyes had grown very dark. “You’re playing with fire again, Ella.”
“Are you saying I’ll get burned? This might be worth the risk.”
His low chuckle was more pained than amused. “Little tease.” He spun her about and pinned her against the low kitchen table. The edge of the wood pressed into her spine as he yanked up her skirt. “Two can play at this game, you know.”
“I know. Because that’s what you’ve been doing to me.” She gasped as his fingers found her slit. “Oh, Luke.”
“I love how you’re always ready for me.” He let his fingers dance over her flesh in the same motion he’d used over her ribs, but it elicited an entirely different sensation in her now. A shaky breath shuddered past her lips as she pushed her hips forward, seeking more of his touch.
Luke cupped his free hand around her chin, angling her face so he could capture her lips. She moaned into his mouth, the pleasure already spiking hot and fast.
She almost didn’t hear the hooves rushing in their direction. But then the noise grew louder. Like rolling thunder.
Undeniable.
Luke groaned, sounding like he was in real pain, and pushed away from her. Letting out a low curse. “We have company.”
* * * *
“Company?”
Ella sounded a bit dazed. Luke stared at his beautiful wife, her lips slightly swollen, and nearly forgot everything else. He shook his head, trying to clear it. “There’s nothing else out here but the cottage.”
She blinked several times, as if she were waking from a dream, then tilted her head in the direction of the sound. “That doesn’t sound like a carriage.”
“No. Someone’s coming on horseback.” Just a single set of hoofbeats, rather than a pair, which came to an abrupt halt in front of the cottage. The door burst open and Luke stepped in front of his wife, shielding her with his body.
The man who entered the room was not his valet, but it was not a stranger, either. He wore the royal livery and reeked of both fear and agitation. Luke wrinkled his nose, covering his face with one hand and pretended to cough to hide his reaction.
The man made a hasty bow, then pulled out a sealed piece of parchment. “Your Highness, I have been asked to bring this right away. It’s very urgent.”
Luke reached for it, but the man drew back. “I’m sorry, Your Highness, but this for the princess.”
Ella frowned and accepted the letter from the servant. Her fingers trembled as she broke the seal.
There were just two lines of script, written in a very messy hand. He couldn’t see the actual words from this distance, but there was no mistaking the way that the color drained from her face.
Her head snapped up, and she looked directly at the servant instead of him. “I need to get back to town. Immediately.”
She would have passed by him without a word, but he caught her by the arm. Stopped her. “Ella, wait. What is going on?”
She glared at him. “The very thing I feared most. Catherine is dying.”
“What? How?” Before she could answer, he quickly turned to the servant. “Go outside and wait for a while. The princess and I wish to speak privately.”
“Once again, it’s all about keeping your secrets,” she said softly. “That’s the only thing you care about, isn’t it?”
“That’s not true.” Her accusation caught him off-guard. “You know I care about you.” That was an understatement, to say the least.
“Then you just don’t trust me. You refuse to believe that anything I told you could become true, especially with my stepmother.”
He snatched the letter out of her hand. “This doesn’t say anything like that. You don’t know who is responsible for your stepsister’s condition or if anyone can be blamed at all.”
“You’re right. It’s your fault as well.”
“Ella!”
“I told you she needed to stay at the palace. I told you she was in danger. And even now, you still question what I’m saying. Or do you truly expect it is possible for a perfectly healthy young woman to suddenly develop a life-threatening illness?”
Luke felt the blood drain from his face. He had never heard Ella speak to him, or to anyone, like this. Not since the first day of their marriage, when they had gotten into that initial argument. “If you truly believe your stepmother had something to do with her daughter’s illness, then there’s no reason for you to go there. It would not be safe.”
“I’m going. And don’t you dare try to stop me.”
“But—”
“You still don’t understand, do you? You still expect the entire world to revolve around you and your concerns. You’re no better than Edward.”
“What do you mean? I never—”
“You never gave anyone a single consideration, outside of how they could serve your purposes. The feelings of others don’t matter to you.”
“Of course they matter.”
Ella jerked her arm free of his hold. There were tears in her eyes and the sight of her crying hit him like a punch to the gut. “I was beginning to think I was wrong about you,” she whispered, her voice breaking. “That I might be falling—”
She stopped and gave a violent shake of her head, then turned away to push open the door of the cottage. The servant immediately snapped to attention, though his wary gaze bounced from Ella to Luke and back again.
She cleared her throat. “Can your horse take more than one person?”
“Of course, Your Highness.”
“Then I need you to take me back into town.”
It was on the tip of Luke’s tongue to tell her that he would be the one to take her back to her old family home, instead of the servant. But he couldn’t do that.
Her words still stung. He needed time to consider her accusations.
There was a glimmer of hope in her eyes as he stepped forward, but it was quickly extinguished as he helped her onto the horse behind the servant. “When will you be back?”
“I don’t know.” She turned away from him. “Let’s get going, there isn’t much time to lose.”
As the horse set off, Luke stood in front of the cottage, watching. But Ella never looked back. He wondered if he would ever see her again…

Chapter Fifteen
Her ancestral home was a gloomy place. Funny how she never realized that before, but her time away had definitely changed her perspective on many things. The neglected gardens, in particular, were quite depressing. She supposed no one bothered to care for them since she left, and many of the plants had withered and died away.
She was a little surprised that her stepmother hadn’t done something for them. She seemed to have a care for plants, more than people, sometimes. Or perhaps her concern was reserved for the private walled-off section of the garden that belonged to her for exclusive use. The place where she grew her favorite flowers and the ingredients needed for her handcrafted beauty potions.
Lady Isabelle was coming from that direction now, carrying a berry basket. Which struck Ella as being a rather odd thing to be doing while Catherine’s condition remained grave. Surely something so frivolous could wait.
Unless, of course, this was her way of coping.
Catherine thrashed about in her bed, drawing her attention away from the window. Strong convulsions rocked her entire body from head to toe. Ella grabbed her by the shoulders, to keep from hurting herself. As she did so, Catherine caught both of her arms, the shaking pausing for a moment.
The expression in her eyes was hollow and her pupils had dilated until they almost completely obscured the normal color of her irises. Her skin was hot, dry, and red. She was also breathing too far too fast. “Beware the bells,” she whispered.
“What do you mean?” It was the first somewhat sensible thing she had said since Ella’s arrival.
But instead of answering she began to shake again, babbling a string of syllables that never quite formed into words. She lashed out too, as if fighting off demons that only she could see.
The sight broke Ella’s heart. To see her brilliant stepsister reduced to this state. It was unlike any illness she had ever heard of, yet it was not an unfamiliar one either. In a strange way, it reminded her of the unknown disease that had taken her father’s life.
A mystery disease with no known cause or cure.
Hopeless.
All Ella could do now was to try to make Catherine as comfortable as possible.
After a time, Catherine settled down again. It was difficult to tell if she was sleeping or unconscious. Ella only hoped that it was the former, and that it would last at least six hours, as that had been the interval since her last attack and Catherine needed the rest.
She sat down in the chair beside the bed, eyeing the bowl of small, nearly black berries that her stepmother brought in earlier. Lady Isabelle had fed them to her daughter, insisting that it would give her the strength she needed to fight off this illness.
She had done the same thing ten years ago, while nursing her husband through his last days.
Outside, there was the clatter of horses’ hooves against the stone road just outside of the manor. She was fairly certain that there was more than one horse and rider, but this part of the house did not face the front, so she could not get a glimpse of the new arrivals.
The sound of the front door being opened echoed throughout the old house, followed by the less distinct sound of voices raised in anger. Her stepmother’s voice was the easier to distinguish, rather high-pitched and screechy in the way that it always was when she was most furious. The one that was arguing with Lady Isabelle was lower and distinctly masculine.
If Ella didn’t know better, she would swear that it was Luke.
She stepped out of the sick chamber and headed to the main stairs. And found that it was indeed her husband, arguing with her stepmother. They both looked up at her approach.
“What are you doing here?”
“I wanted to be with you.”
“Your Highness, this family is in no condition to be receiving guests,” Lady Isabelle said. Her voice sounded perfectly polite and icy, but long experience allowed Ella to hear the rage simmering just under the surface.
“I’ve come here to support my wife in this trying time. Do you have an objection to that?” Luke’s voice was similarly tense, and he fixed Ella’s stepmother with a glare that made her take a hasty step back.
“No. Of course not.” But the older woman’s expression made Ella’s shudder. It was not all that different from the look wore whenever she decided to beat her for some perceived infraction. “We were just about to sit down to the evening meal. I regret that we do not have enough prepared for both you and your manservant.”
“Carter can take care of himself in that regard. I merely brought him with me to try to take some of the load off of your household.”
“How very thoughtful of you, Your Highness.”
He nodded, and Ella wondered how he could ignore the obvious sarcasm with which he was being addressed.
But then again, he was good at ignoring many things, if he did not think it worth his notice.
Like some of the things she had tried to tell him…
He turned and offered her his arm, but she ignored the gesture and followed her stepmother and Daphne into the dining room. It was one of two spaces dedicated to the purpose, and this was the smaller one meant for private family meals.
Ever since her father died, Ella had taken her meals below stairs with the servants, per her stepmother’s instructions. So it was more than a little surprising to see that the table was already set for three people.
And that it was her stepmother who took on the task of bringing another setting to the table for Luke. He sat down beside Ella. Lady Isabelle took the head seat, which meant that the prince was on her right. Hardly the seat of honor and an obvious snub.
It was petty, but not unexpected. Ella would have been more surprised if her stepmother had been welcoming.
A variety of foods were already laid out before them. The meal itself was silent and awkward, as no one had much to say. Ella wasn’t ready to talk to her husband, and he made little effort to talk to her family.
After the first courses were served, Ella’s stepmother stood to clear the table herself.
That was another surprise. She had never seen the woman do such a thing before, not even when Ella’s father was still been alive, and Lady Isabelle was still on her best behavior. But back then, there had been no need. There had been many more servants working in the household.
There was no one else to do it now, since the last remaining maid had run off a few days before. Ella half expected to be ordered to do so, as she would have been before. Which would have been humiliating.
There was nothing for dessert, of course. Daphne bemoaned the lack but was reminded by her mother that she needed to keep an eye on her figure if she hoped to find a husband.
Ella was about to stand, to excuse herself to return to the sick room, when her stepmother brought out another bowl of those same berries that were being kept upstairs. “Can I tempt you with something sweet, Your Highness? This was a favorite treat of my late husband.”
Such a strange choice of words. Ella knew Father had possessed a bit of a sweet tooth, but she could not recall him eating these particular fruits before his illness. Perhaps she was referring to her first husband, the father of Catherine and Daphne. Luke scooped out a single berry and ate it, commenting on its interesting flavor. Then he passed the bowl on to Ella.
His fingers grazed against hers. Despite everything, her heart raced as a familiar heat flowed through her. Her body did not have the same scruples as her mind, remembering only the pleasure that Luke’s touch always brought her, rather than all the reasons she should be furious with him.
His smile made it clear he knew exactly what sort of effect he had on her and she quickly turned away, hastily grabbing a handful of the berries and tossing them into her mouth.
The flavor wasn’t what she expected, especially if it had been her father who liked them as much as Lady Isabelle said. They were not particularly sweet, though she supposed they were passable enough.
She thought she saw a brief smirk on her stepmother’s face. But it was gone so quickly, Ella wondered if she had imagined it.
She was agitated enough by being back in this miserable place, and after what passed between herself and Luke the last time that they had been together, that having him seated beside her only added to her unease. It was unbearable. She stood abruptly, nearly banging her knees on the table as she did so. “I should go check on Catherine again. She had another one of those seizures just before I came down.”
“And you left her alone after that? How could you?” Daphne spluttered, but her outrage was nothing but an act, designed to make a casual observer think she cared about her sister.
Though why she was bothering to put on such a display now, Ella didn’t know. She must imagine it to be of benefit to her somehow. There was no other explanation.
Instead of answering, Ella headed out of the room. As she passed through the door, she heard Luke excuse himself and follow her. She tried to ignore him. But of course, he was impossible to ignore, for she was, and always had been, far too aware of his presence.
She paused at the door to Catherine’s room, fixing her husband with a glare. “You shouldn’t be here.”
“I’m just trying to help.”
“Well, it’s a little late for that.”
“Ella…” He lifted one hand as if to reach for her, then let it drop back to his side. “I sent for the king’s physicians. They should arrive soon.”
Her shoulders slumped, and she locked her knees to keep from falling to the ground. Her stomach knotted and just did not feel right, though she suspected it was a reaction to the tension she was feeling. “They won’t be able to help her. They couldn’t help my father.”
“You think this is the same illness?”
“I can’t see how it could be anything else.” Despite her reservations, she told him everything about the symptoms that matched up with her father’s condition before he died. “Your father sent his doctors too, when my father was dying.”
“I’m sorry.”
“It’s a bit late for you to be saying that.”
“You still blame me? She might have become ill anyway, even if she had stayed at the palace.”
Ella threw her hands up, unwilling to argue with him right now. “I don’t know. I don’t know anything anymore. Now if you’ll excuse me, Your Highness, I have to get back to attending my stepsister. Feel free to leave at any time if you are afraid you might catch her illness.”
“I’m not leaving.”
“You can’t stay in her room. You would just get in my way.”
“I’ll be right out here in the hall, in case you need anything. I want to make sure I’m able to hear when the physicians arrive. I don’t know if your stepmother will try to send them away or not.”
She nearly asked why he thought Lady Isabelle would do that. After all, this was her own daughter who was ill, even if Catherine had never been her mother’s favorite. But she would not take the time to discuss any of this with him now, and besides, it fit in neatly with her original suspicions about the situation.
Perhaps he had finally listened to her, when it came to that at least, though she rather doubted it, given the other things that he’d said.
Ella returned to Catherine’s bedside, but found she could not sit still. The turmoil in her stomach continued and was quickly joined by a headache. An intense pounding behind her temples. She shifted position, trying to find one that was comfortable. It almost felt like she needed to go relieve herself, yet this sensation was not exactly the same.
She lost track of time. Heat spread throughout her body. Unpleasant prickles formed under the skin, scratching her from the inside out. Her throat grew dry and began to ache as well. She was certain she had never been so thirsty in her life. But there was no water in the room, though she was certain she had left a jug there before going down to dinner.
Perhaps she should send Luke to get some. Then he could at least be a little useful.
As she rose to summon him, her vision blurred. There seemed to be too much light in the room, though only a single lamp burned. No matter how she squinted, she could not escape from the light, nor could she bring anything into focus.
But she saw things in the shadows, hidden shapes and monsters that reached out to her with dark claws and white teeth.
Ella screamed, curling into a ball as she awaited the attack.

Chapter Sixteen
A bloodcurdling scream came from the sickroom. Luke almost didn’t recognize it as human, for it sounded like an animal being disemboweled by a predator. He rushed inside and found Ella curled up on the floor. “Ella!”
She did not seem to hear him, still screaming and crying out, flailing her arms as if fending off threats that only she could see. Her face flushed a deep red and when he looked into her eyes, her pupils were dilated larger than he would have thought possible, hiding the green irises and making them look almost black.
He lifted her into his arms. She recoiled from his touch, striking him with her little fists. “Let me go! If I do not run, they will catch me!”
Her words made no sense. Nor did her continued struggles.
He knew she had been angry with him, but that could not explain her current actions. She had never resorted to physical violence before to make a point. He had always assumed it was not her nature to lash out in that way.
It seemed like she could not see him either or at least, did not recognize him.
But he recognized something. These were the same symptoms she had described her stepsister suffering from. But that was impossible, wasn’t it? Luke knew little about illness, but he doubted it was possible for any disease to strike so quickly and suddenly.
Then he heard a most welcome sound: that of the carriage arriving at the front of the manor. He called for his valet. “Tell the physicians to make haste and get here as soon as possible. Do not allow the lady Isabelle to turn them away. The princess has also fallen ill.”
There were sounds of a struggle, then the men arrived in the room. One physician began examining Ella, while the other moved toward the patient in the bed. He froze and turned pale. “Is there any chance that the princess or her stepsister have consumed those berries?”
He pointed to a bowl that was sitting on a low table next to the bed and filled with small, black-purple fruits similar to the ones that Lady Isabelle insisted on offering to them at the evening meal. “I cannot be certain about the Lady Catherine, but I know the princess did. Why?”
“Then I fear there is not much we can do for the princess, except to hope that she has not taken a fatal dose.”
Fury chilled Luke’s entire body as a red haze descended over his vision. “Someone send for the guards right away. We must arrest Lady Isabelle and her daughter before they can escape, if they have not fled already. They must know that we would discover their scheme.”
“Do you truly believe that the princess’ stepmother would do this to her, and to her own daughter?” The same physician asked.
“I do not think it was an accident that she offered those berries to both the princess and myself.” And neither the lady nor her elder daughter had consumed any of the fruit, even though the latter had been whining about not having any dessert available. “And her treachery may go even further back. I was told that the symptoms that the princess is displaying now, and which her stepsister displayed earlier tonight, are very similar to those seen in Lord Anthony before he died.”
The men were silent, as if unable to comprehend what they were hearing. Luke pushed the physicians aside and lifted his wife into his arms again. “One of you carry the Lady Catherine. We need to get both of them out of here as soon as possible.”
They quickly obeyed his orders and met with no opposition as they hurried down the stairs with the two young women. Luke realized that most of the manor was dark and silent, and he wondered if the treacherous stepmother had already fled.
Though he burned for justice, he could not worry about that now. His first concern was to get Ella back to where he could keep her safe as possible. The delusions and fighting continued as they rode back to the palace. One physician gave her a draught to make her sleep, but most of it spilled when he held it to her lips because of the convulsions she was having.
She kept talking. Alternated between describing the horrible things she saw in her mind and letting out more of those blood-curdling screams.
Then she settled into a silence that was almost more frightening. Luke had to touch her chest again and again, to reassure himself that she was still breathing.
They made it back to the palace in good time, yet it wasn’t fast enough, as far as he was concerned. He barked out a few brief instructions to the guards that were assembling, telling them to search far and wide for Lady Isabelle and her daughter, and gave further directions to the staff to make up a room for Catherine and telling them that she also was to be cared for in any way that she would need.
Luke carried Ella back to their bedchamber. It seemed like an eternity since they had last been in that room together. Before they departed for their trip. Back when, despite some uncertainty on her part, the future had seemed bright.
What a fool he had been.
He should never have let her go. Should never have ignored her fears. But he had been consumed with only what he wanted, not caring about what she needed. And that was with nearly full knowledge of what she already suffered at the hands of her stepmother.
She woke up several times through the night, always to fight at those demons that were plaguing her mind. Only to lose consciousness again, without ever regaining her reason or noticing he was there.
Sometime after dawn, the king’s physicians felt relatively confident that both young women would survive but could not assure him that either of them would make a full recovery. It was rare for anyone to survive belladonna poisoning, they said, because the tendency to take a lethal dose was so prevalent, since it didn’t take very many of the raw berries to kill someone.
Especially someone of slight stature.
A description that applied to both Catherine and Ella.
It shocked the doctors when he told them that he had consumed it as well. But his size protected him, along with the fact that he had only eaten that single fruit.
He would gladly trade places with her now. If only…
He reached for her hand and held it against his cheek. He was surprised to realize that he was crying. He had not shed tears for many years, not since his mother died. “Don’t leave me, Ella. Please.”
He repeated those words again and again, saying them like a prayer. He didn’t know how long he sat there, waiting and holding onto her, but then there was a slight shift, a change in her breathing. Eyelashes fluttered before slowly lifting. “You… You look like you’re about to lecture me.”
That was definitely not the first thing he’d expected to hear from her. “Not at all. What makes you think that?”
She sighed and closed her eyes again, sinking back against the pillows. “I know you’re ready to say, ‘I told you so,’ but I hope you’ll be willing to wait until I’ve got a bit more energy before you do it.”
“I wasn’t going to say anything like that. You were the one who was right, and I was wrong.”
She made a slight movement of her head from side to side. “You said it would be dangerous to go back. You were right.”
“It wouldn’t have been dangerous, if I hadn’t been a stubborn fool and was there to protect you from the beginning. But I was too caught up in my own world to pay attention to what was going on with others. I should have trusted your instincts when it came to your stepsister, to know that she could be trusted too.”
Her eyes opened again, ever so slightly. “Is she okay?”
He nodded and gave her hand a squeeze. “She’s like you. Too strong for her mother to destroy.”
“I see.”
He waited for her to say more, but he supposed she didn’t have the strength to yell at him yet. When she recovered enough to do just that, he would welcome it. Because it was nothing less than what he deserved.
He reached out with his free hand and stroked her cheek, swiping away a sweaty lock of hair. Told her about the berries. And that the guards had caught her stepmother and stepsister at the docks, before they found a ship that would take them out of the country. “When you’re ready, we can discuss whether you want to make her crimes public. I’m sure Father will respect your wishes, either way.”
“I’m thirsty.” She licked at her lips, which had cracked. But her tongue appeared as dry as the rest of her mouth.
He called for someone to bring them water and poured out a cup of the liquid for her himself. Waited while she drank. She handed the glass back to him. “Belladonna. I suppose that was what Catherine was trying to warn me about.”
“Warn you?”
“She said something about ‘beware the bells.’ I assumed it was part of one of her delusions.” She shuddered. “I hope most of what I remember isn’t real. They were all of my worst nightmares, all at once.”
“My worst nightmare nearly came true too. I almost lost you. And after the way I messed up. Pushed you away. How can you ever forgive me?”
Her lips curled up in just the slightest smile. “Well, you could promise to spend the rest of our lives together making it up to me.”
“Gladly.”
“Really?” Her eyes flew open. “I wasn’t serious about that.”
“You should be. Because I deserve nothing less than—”
“How about we both just learn from our mistakes and move on from there? I think that will be enough, especially if you promise not to keep any more secrets.”
“I promise.”
“Just with me and Cat,” she added. “I don’t expect you to tell the entire kingdom about your—”
“I would if you asked me to. I would tell them anything you want.”
“Why?”
“Because I don’t want to take the slightest risk that I might lose you again. I love you, Ella.”
She winced and grimaced. “Isabelle’s potions must have really messed with my mind because I can’t believe what I heard just now.”
“Believe it. I would have told you before, except I didn’t realize it until it was almost too late.”
“Then it’s a good thing we got a second chance, isn’t it?” She lifted one hand and pressed it to his cheek. “Because I love you too.”
His heart soared, and he couldn’t stop himself from smiling. He didn’t know what he had done to deserve this, but he would treasure his good fortune for the rest of their lives. He leaned over and kissed her forehead. “Now go back to sleep. You need the rest.”
“Only if you promise to be here when I wake up.”
“Always.”
Epilogue
“How long do we have before the servants—”
“I told them not to disturb us this morning. That we would call them when we were ready.” Luke pressed a kiss to her breast and looked up with a wicked grin. “I haven’t forgotten the last time they interrupted us far too soon.”
Heat rushed into her face, but embarrassment soon gave way to pure pleasure as her husband continued kissing his way down her body. “Then I guess I should try not to be too greedy for you today, so we can still depart on time.”
“I like it when you’re greedy for me.” He lifted her legs over his shoulders, moving his face closer to her slit. Took one leisurely lick before he continued: “Because I don’t think I’ll ever get enough of you.”
She pushed her hips up, needing to feel him. His lips, his tongue. So talented in a wicked way, but there was almost nothing else that she enjoyed more.
Fortunately, Luke seemed to like doing this, taking pleasure in making her come just in this way. Because she never needed to ask.
Only receive.
He knew her body so well now. Teasing and tasting her until she shuddered and cried out for him. He lowered her legs and moved over her, guiding his cock against her entrance.
She reached down and caught his wrist. “Not yet,” she whispered.
“Hmmm?”
“Lie back.”
He grinned. “As my princess commands.”
Ella laughed. She still wasn’t entirely comfortable with her new role as royalty, but with Luke’s support, she had become much more assertive with the servants.
They no longer dared to gossip behind her back.
Or maybe there was no drama left for them to speculate about. She was pretty sure that it was obvious how happy she and her husband were together.
She pressed one hand against his powerful chest, enjoying the way those powerful muscles flexed under her touch, even as he gave way to her wishes. Then she got up on her knees, straddling his thighs. Caught his cock in her hand and bent down to give it one slow lick from base to tip.
The thick shaft seemed to jump in her hand, and Luke groaned. A pearly drop of liquid beaded at the tip. She licked it away, then parted her lips and slid down his length in one smooth motion.
His hands clamped down on either side of her head, his long fingers threading through her hair. Not holding her in place but guiding her in a rhythm to match the movement of his lean hips as he thrust up into her mouth. She heard his breathing change, felt him swell harder, and relished knowing that she could affect him like this.
The tempo of his thrusts increased, then slowed again. Instead of fast and shallow, the motions grew slower and deeper. A signal that he was getting close to his peak.
Luke tightened his grip on her head, and she paused, letting his hardness slip out of her mouth for just a moment, though she kept one hand wrapped around the base to hold it close. The familiar fire was in his eyes. “Ride me.”
She knew what that meant now. Rising, she straddled his hips. His hands locked on her waist, holding her steady as she slowly lowered herself upon him. She marveled again at his length. At his thickness. At the way he stretched her open.
A sensation that she had never imagined would feel as good as it did.
Ella dropped down so that her pelvis smacked into his hips with an audible slap, taking all of him at once. She threw her head back, panting, as pleasure radiated out from where they were joined to spread out through the rest of her body.
Her toes curled. She rocked on him, over him, letting his hands on her waist guide him into the pace he wanted. Her inner muscles clenched around him, trying to pull him deeper still.
Then it happened.
The pleasure crashed into her, the waves rippling throughout her body as she fell into the helpless release.
As she continued shuddering and shaking, Luke rolled her under him. Thrust a few more times, hard, then she felt him spilling inside her.
It was a few minutes, or maybe more, before either of them could breathe normally. They snuggled together on their bed, unwilling to let the moment end.
But there was no time to linger. They were departing this morning to begin their search for Edward. Adrian was still on his quest to recover his lost love, which had so far yielded nothing, but they could not delay any longer.
King Nicholas’ condition had grown too uncertain.
They called for the servants, who dressed them quickly and efficiently, then they headed downstairs. Catherine was waiting for them.
It had taken nearly four months, but Ella’s stepsister was almost fully recovered from her mother’s treacherous poison. She still suffered from occasional breakdowns, mainly lapses in memory. Ella did not have the same. Most likely because she’d only consumed a single dose of the poison rather than the repeated ones which Catherine had been given to produce the appearance of a long-term illness.
It had been her mother’s attempt to make her eventual death look less suspicious.
Fortunately, the ‘lady’ had failed.
Catherine gave both Ella and Luke a brilliant smile. “I was beginning to think you two forgot about me.”
Luke laughed. “Never. Ella would kill me if I tried.”
“Maybe not kill,” she said, glancing between her husband and her stepsister and doing her best not to laugh. “But I may consider doing some less permanent damage.”
“You have my heart in your hands, Ella. You know that.” He drew her close for a kiss, causing Catherine to turn away and blush. Then he looked at the other woman again. “Are you sure you’re up for this?”
She would accompany them on their journey. “I was under the impression that you two would need all the help he could get. If Prince Edward doesn’t want to be found…”
“We do need your help, to ensure he can’t have his way in this. We’ll find him.” Luke escorted them out to the carriage that was to take them down to the seaport. “No matter how long it takes…”
Please enjoy this excerpt from Adrian’s story, The Cursed Prince. Available now: http://jaymihanako.com/roslyn-and-the-cursed-prince/

Excerpt:

“I will speak to your father tomorrow night.”
“And if he refuses?” Roslyn’s throat tightened. It was possible that no rational argument would convince him to give his daughter’s hand to the man she loved.
They planned to find a greater match for her. Wanted to reach above their own merchant class, as high as possible. They would not set aside their ambitions because of some emotions of hers. Instead, they would condemn her as weak and foolish for having them.
If only…
“If he doesn’t, then you’ll just have to run away with me.” He moved inside her. “You’ll do that, won’t you?”
“Of course.” It would mean being cut off from her kin and even from the rest of her village forever, but she didn’t care. 
Adrian was her world now. Her everything.
She would never give him up.
The pleasure became an almost unbearable tension, building up to… something. Roslyn didn’t know what, but she craved it. Longed for it. She clung to him, pressing her face against his neck to suppress her cries. To be caught like this… would be disastrous. The overwhelming sensations crashed over her, shaking her from head to toe as Adrian stiffened against her, capturing her mouth with his as he let out a muffled growl.
A hot wetness flooded between her legs, and she realized it must have come from him.
He collapsed against her for a moment, and the two of them seemed to melt together. Melded into the very ground beneath them, becoming one giant puddle of sensation. Making it impossible to tell where one ended and the other began.
Their breathing slowed. Adrian lifted up slightly, but she refused to release him. “Don’t go.”
“I won’t.” He reached up and stroked her hair. “I’ve waited so long for this. It feels like a dream.”
That part of him pulsed inside her once more, growing thicker and harder. “You’re still—”
He grinned, his teeth flashing a brilliant white even under the dim light of the moon. “I need you again. But I don’t wish to hurt you.”
“You won’t.” She wrapped her legs around his waist and curled her arms around his broad shoulders, pulling him down into her. Even as she said the words, there was a slight twinge around where their bodies joined, but she ignored it. “Because I need you too.”
Hours passed. They lingered together as long as they dared. Close to dawn, she returned to her bedroom. She was unable walk normally and needed to bathe before her parents woke, the hot water helping with the stiffness in her limbs and washing away any other evidence of what she had done.
She struggled to pretend that everything remained normal. That nothing had changed. But as evening drew near, she took extra time with her appearance, brushing out her long, blond hair and choosing to wear the pale gray gown Adrian particularly loved. She found every excuse possible to linger near the only window of the house near the front door.
Waiting.
The sun was just setting when she caught sight of Adrian at a distance. To her surprise, he had both of his brothers with him. Luke and Edward. The former was normally pleasant enough, but the latter always made it clear that he didn’t much care for her relationship with Adrian. If she didn’t know better, she would think his attitude was disapproval, similar to what her parents often expressed.
The full moon rose. As the silvery light touched the three young sailors, they froze in their tracks. Then, as if caught in a trance, they twisted and turned. Even from a distance, Roslyn heard the strange noises they made, the animal-like growls and howls.
Then the men vanished.
In their place stood three wolves. Each as black as night.
As she stared at the scene, unable to believe what she had witnessed, her father gave a shout behind her. The wolves leapt away, racing toward a nearby pen where livestock brought into the town market were normally kept. There was a horrible squeal: the screech of a dying creature.
Roslyn’s father grabbed his musket and raced outside. He was not the only villager who decided to act. The wolves paused long enough to snarl at the approaching men before bounding away. Gunshots marked the progress of their path out of the village.
Her heart in her throat, Roslyn waited. Still hoping against hope that Adrian would return to her, as promised. But perhaps it was just as well that he did not arrive, for her father did not come back home for nearly two months.
By then, the horrible truth of that night could no longer be denied.
Her beloved was cursed. Condemned to turn into a wolf on the full moon. A horrible fate that had been whispered about in legend, but not something she ever expected to witness.
The villagers had failed to kill him. Her father admitted as much when he returned to the house, temporarily ending his hunt for the young men. “I told you that boy was no good,” he scolded Roslyn. “But you will never see him again.”
She turned away to hide her tears, even as she instinctively rested her hand over her belly. She was just beginning to suspect that she was with child, though so far, no one else seemed to have noticed.
For now.
She had to believe that she would see Adrian again. He would come for her.
He’d promised to marry her.
And she had to believe he would keep that promise.
If he could.
More Books by Jaymi Hanako
The Cursed Princes Series
Roslyn and the Cursed Prince (Book Two)
Catherine and the Beast Prince (Book Three)

Heart of a Fire Dragon Series
The Dragon and the Queen of Ice (Book One)
Hidden Magic (Book Two)
Stolen Dragons (Book Three)
Guardian of the Mist Dragon (Book Four)

Stand-Alone Fantasy Romance
The Crane Wife
The Queen’s Assassin

Star Racers and Rogues Series
Rebel Run (Book One)
Phoenix Rising (Book Two)

Stand-Alone Science Fiction Romance
Bonded

About the Author
Jaymi Hanako writes stories of love and lust in alternate worlds. Her favorite subjects include spaceships, magic, and paranormal creatures.
Born and raised in Hawaii, she left paradise when she fell in love with a soldier. After pursuing his career around the country, they are now settled in the Rocky Mountains of Colorado, with their dog and two cats.
Sign up for her newsletter to receive notifications of new releases and discounts: https://jaymihanako.com/newsletter-sign-up/
