

Content
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19 
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50
Do you like the book?
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS


To all the amazing women that unfortunately only met mediocre men on the way.

Chapter 1
I miss you. 
I leaned back in the seat, closing my eyes, my heart racing and feeling out of breath. So I opened them again to read Caio's message. Or, as I had renamed on my phone, and liked to call in my head, Mantrap.
I wanted to open his profile picture; admire those brown eyes, that naughty smile, that soft black skin; memorize every feature of that face, the shape of the lips, the curl of the lashes... I immediately turned off the phone to restrain myself.
Two months. Two months ignoring me, going out with other women, partying with friends without even speaking to me. After two months of torture, that's what I got.
“Miss you”. 
Son of a bitch. 
I needed to block him. 
When I turn my phone back on, I will. This time I’m going to do it.
A girl on the other side of the bus coughed, catching my attention. I huddled under my jacket, immediately remembering my parents. My mother repeatedly warning me to wear a thicker jacket on the trip; and my father telling me to listen her. They are going to kill me when they notice. Apparently it wouldn't be long, because the city entrance sign had just crossed the corner of my eyes.
I immediately started to get tense. It had been a long time since I had seen them. Six months to be exact. So much had changed in six months. Two things in particular: I was no longer a virgin and no longer a christian. I couldn't even begin to fathom their reaction, therefore, I decided not to tell them. They definitely couldn't find out. I had only managed to move away because of that, after all. For being the perfect daughter. The “Jesus follower” who was waiting for marriage.
I laughed to myself. A lot had definitely changed in six months.
How would Eloisa react? My sister had always been the more “rebellious” out of the both of us. The whole family considered that she had “fallen from Grace”, although no one dared to talk to her about it. My family had a strange way of dealing with conflicts. They didn't talk about them. They pretended they didn't exist. She might have just been a social activist, but they would never know. They didn't ask. For now, it was good that she started dating a "hard working boy from church”. My mother's highest ranking compliment.
 The dawning light lit up buildings, houses and shops rising above the horizon. A few more streets and the bus would enter the bus station. My mom was probably freaking out for not being able to talk to me. Cursing under my breath, I turned on the phone again. The notification of Mantrap's message appeared immediately. I excluded the texts and answered my mother’s thousands of messages.
Me: Are you there yet? The bus is already arriving.
The answer came immediately.
Mom: We are here.
My stomach turned. I would have to pretend for two months that I was still that girl from six months before. Who still believed what they believed. That still wanted what they wanted for me.
The bus entered the bus station and I closed my backpack. There was an unusual crowd at the bus station for such a small town. I saw my family through the window. My mother waved and had a big smile on her face and my father remained unbothered beside her. I didn't immediately find my sister, but the bus stopped. I got up and waited until the line started to move.
I got out of the bus a little shaken and was soon surrounded by strong arms. I hugged my mother around the waist. I had forgotten how strong she was for a woman her size. She was a few inches shorter than me, meaning she was not very tall. My mom loosened her arms around me to see my face.
“Did you miss mommy?”, She asked. 
I laughed. She was so happy that it was contagious. “I did, mom”, I said. She stepped back so I could hug my dad. He wasn't much of a hugger, so it was quick one.
“How are your grandparents?”, Mom asked when I steped back.
Sick as always, I thought. 
“Well”, I starded. “Grandma receives more visits than...” A prostitute, I completed mentally. But I realized that the comparison would get me into trouble. Phew! I licked my lips and shook my head. “She still receives many visits”.
Mom laughed. She didn't seem to notice my gaffe. “And your grandfather still loves it, I bet”, said. 
I laughed. Grandpa was the worst host on earth. He hid in the room with his books whenever he heard the bell ring. My grandmother hated this habit so much that she always invaded the room and sent him to greet visitors. But he always won the argument and she stomped out. As a vengeance, Grandma always entertained visitors enough for them to spend hours there. Often, they arrived after lunch and left only at dusk.
Even so, my grandfather did not leave the room. Sometimes grandma would tell me to check on him and I always found him in the same way. Eyeglasses on his head and a book on his hands. When the visitor finally left, he would leave the room, my grandmother would restart the discussion, stomping her foot. My grandfather almost always defended himself with the following answer: “I have to use my mind while I still have one”. 
My goal was to be my grandpa. 
I was about to say that I still needed to get my luggage when Eloisa came into view. My sister approached with a smile on her face, her hand holding a boy’s hand. Both wore silver rings. I didn't have time to study the boy. Eloisa hugged me and I focused too much on the discomfort of her hug to pay attention to anything else.
Eloisa walked away and the boy looked at me. Holy shit. I had forgotten how handsome he was. His asian eyes almost seemed to close when he smiled. His skin, eyes and hair were the same light brown color and he was tall, thin and muscular. The only thing that would have made him fit more into the beauty standard was if he was white with light eyes. I didn't have time to say hello.
“Why did you take so long?”, my father asked, speaking for the first time since I had arrived.
Eloisa rolled her eyes. 
“Samuel decided at the last minute that he wanted to buy a Kit Kat”.
Samuel just shrugged his shoulders with a smile, Kit Kat in hand, nearing towards his lips. The silver dating ring sparkled between his fingers and his eyes squinted adorably again. “I'm have PMS”, he replied.
Eloisa elbowed him and my father laughed. 
I blinked. Did my father laugh? Does my dad laugh at Samuel's jokes? I didn't remember the last time I saw my dad laugh at a joke that wasn't his own. My God, Samuel was the perfect son-in-law.
“Honey, which one is your bag?”, my mother asked, interrupting my daydream. I turned to follow her gaze.
“The brown one”, I said, eyeing the employee who was still unloading passengers' bags.
My father went there and Samuel finished his Kit Kat. 
“I'll help”, he said before throwing the packaging in the nearby trash and following my father.
Eloisa got closer. We watched her boyfriend talk briefly with my dad before taking my bag from him. “He's been feeling a lot of back pain lately”, she said. 
I looked at my father. He let Samuel carry my suitcase, standing upright with one hand on the base of his column.
“Yeah...”, my mother started contemplatively. “One day we won't be here for you anymore”.
In another context, and perhaps in another family, that sentence would have been received with regrets or with a optimistic reply. But, as we had heard that phrase hundreds of times before in dozens of different occasions, I just rolled my eyes and Eloisa sighed.
“Mom, please!”, we said in unison.
It was probably the first time we had done something together in a long time. 

Chapter 2
My suitcase was placed in the trunk and I sat on the back seat, placing the backpack beside me. My father sat in the driver's seat and I saw Samuel talking with my mother through the window. My mom nodded and started walking towards us. Eloisa and Samuel took the opposite path.
“Where are they going?” I asked when Mom got in the car.
Across the parking lot, Samuel and Eloisa got into a car. “They're going in Samuel's car”, Mom said, buckling up. 
My dad started the car and maneuvered it out of the parking spot. 
“Oh, he has a car?”, I asked.
“No, it's his mother's”, my mom replied. 
“Who's his mother again?”
“Oh, Lydia, it’s like you didn’t even meet him in October”. 
My lips curved in a smile. The last time I was here, when I met him, I didn't pay much attention to him. I think he looks better. Either that, or I only had eyes for Mantrap at that time. Is probably the second alternative.
“Do you know Alicia, from church?”, my mom said when I didn't answer.
It was as if someone had turned on a switch in my head. 
“Oh! Is he her son?!”
Alicia had joined our church... My parents' church, just before I moved out to live with my grandparents. The church was the largest in town and it’s members believed that everything is forbidden. As far as I remembered, the only sin that was still allowed was gossiping. So I knew a lot about her, even though I didn't want to.
She was everything that half the church did not approve. She was a businesswoman, owner of the best gym in the town, who had never gotten married; nor even gotten pregnant, actually. I might not remember exactly what she looked like, but I knew it was nothing like Samuel. She was white, blonde and short. She had adopted him between the ages of twenty or thirty.
“How old is Samuel again”, I asked.
“Twenty-two”, Mom replied. 
“Have they been dating for a year already?”
“They will in August”. 
They had started dating right about the month that I moved out. 
“And is it working?”. 
“Oh, it is, I’ve never seen them fighting. I'm so happy that she’s with a hard working boy from the church...”.
“What is his job?”, I raised my eyebrow.
“At his mother's gym. He takes the dentistry course in the morning. What about you? And the University? Do you like it?”.
I cowered in the back seat. I liked pharmacy. What I didn't like was some of the people I had met there.
“It's definitely my course”, I replied, nonetheless. “I made the right choice”.
My mother exhaled with relief. She kept asking me the rest of the way about the teachers, the students, my grandparents, the city... I answered without much interest, anxious to get home soon and take a nap. The trip had been too tiring and everything on the bus was uncomfortable.
I was almost closing my eyes when the car stopped. 
“Come on, Sleeping Beauty”, my father said, opening the car door for me. 
I yawned and smiled at him. He was not very into showing affection. So I tried to enjoy it when it happened. I got up, stretched and grabbed my backpack. Eloisa and Samuel appeared through the garage door, still open. They had parked the car on the street. Samuel opened the trunk and took my luggage. I moved to stop him, but he shook his head. He was so handsome that I just walked away, embarrassed, letting him carry my suitcase.
My father and he went ahead while my sister and I went right behind. My mom apparently had already gone up on the elevator. Eloisa smiled softly at me. I returned the smile. Things were awkward between us when I left, but they seemed to have settle in for last few months. Two months. Exactly at the time that Caio... Hell, Mantrap dismissed me.
Saying his name, even if only in my head, made me feel that there was still hope for both of us. Which definitely could not be the case. It shouldn't be the case.
We were grouped in an awkward silence in the elevator. The doors opened and we walked towards the apartment. A bark blared down the hall and I smiled. The apartment door was already open when we arrived.
A dog the size of my backpack appeared, barking as if it were possessed. I crouched down with a smile on my face. Frida immediately jumped into my arms. I hugged her, stroking every inch of her little body, doing my best baby voice.
Eloisa and Dad laughed with the dog's expression of satisfaction. Then Samuel entered the house and they followed him, with me right behind. I wanted to appreciate every detail of the house that had been my home for the past decade. Mom had made some changes while I was gone. However, I didn't have time, as Samuel started walking towards my room.
I looked back, expecting my dad to tell him to turn around, as he always said he would if I had a boyfriend. But he didn't. He just went after my mom in the kitchen. Frida jumped out of my lap, desperate to follow Dad, and I released her. The dog ran into the kitchen and Eloisa and I followed the Perfect Son-in-law.
“There”, Samuel said, placing the suitcase on my bed. 
“Thank you”, I said, before turning around the room.
My mother had kept the room in order. If it weren't for my clothes, my picture frames and my books, it would look just like any other guest room. Speaking of books....
“Did you steal my books?”, I asked, pointing to my shelf.
I only had books that I loved on the shelf. I always sold or donated the ones I didn't like. So yes, I would miss any of my books. Eloisa knew this well. She smiled, shrugging.
“Maybe a title or two?”
“Let me guess, Angela Davis?”
Eloisa shook her head. 
“Djamila Ribeiro. Project in college”.
“Angela Davis Women, Race and Class is missing”. 
“Samuel wanted to read it”.
I turned to him. My expression must have been intimidating, because he looked uneasy.
“I haven't finished yet”, he said.
Eloisa raised her eyebrows. 
“You got it a month ago.”
I turned to her. She seemed to have noticed the mistake because her eyes widened.
“One month?! And you didn't take it from him?!”
“I've been busy.”
“Were you busy?! What kind of sister are you?!”
“As a sister, I am an excellent girlfriend.”
I rolled my eyes, looking back at Samuel.
“Are you enjoying it?”
He blinked. 
“What?”
“The book. Do you like it?”
“Oh, it's very good. But I don't think I will be able to finish.”
“What? Why?”
“It is not the author or the reading. I don't really like to read. I rarely get to finish a book.”
“You don't like to read?!”
Samuel looked away at Eloisa. 
“Why is she acting like I said I stabbed a cat?”
I turned to my sister. 
“Your boyfriend is a monster.”
She laughed out loud. 
“He may be, but he’s a cute monster”.
***
Eloisa and Samuel were a beautiful couple. While my mom and I chose to sit on the lounge chairs, they decided to occupy the sofa with my dad. We talked for an hour in front of the television. I was still tired. I still needed to sleep. However, priorities.
I was voraciously eating a sandwich while Mom and Dad asked me for updates on the rest of the family, since I lived with my grandparents all year and their house was like a confessional. After reporting everything I remembered, I asked for updates on who did what in the church and, in the case of Eloisa, who did what in college.
Eloisa's earrings flickered as she told me about the thesis she was still writing. But as journalism was not much of my interest, I wasn’t fully paying attention. Samuel had rested his arm around her on the couch and remained silent most of the time.
In less than an hour, I realized two things. One: they were opposites. My sister is a woman with wide hips, a lot of chest, thick arms and very short curly hair. Samuel had a lighter complexion than her... Well, he had a lighter complexion than any of us. He was also taller than she was. I wondered if it had been hard at first, if they had suffered some kind of prejudice because Eloisa was fat and he was not. Because she was black and he ... Well, he wasn't exactly white, either. Maybe I should ask her later.
The second thing I noticed is that they were in harmony. They stayed close most of the time and repeated each other's movements without realizing it. When Eloisa nodded vehemently, for example, Samuel repeated the gesture. When she needed someone to confirm her line of reasoning, she looked over her shoulder to see if Samuel could be that person. And he was. Have they ever disagreed on something?
At the same time, they didn't look like the sticky type of couple. I hadn't even seen the two of them kiss. I immediately liked their dynamics. If we had to go out together I probably wouldn't feel like the third wheel.
I found myself impressed that I didn't notice these details the last time I was here. Although I know the reason I was more interested in them for the first time since I moved, both because I wanted to get close to Eloisa and because Samuel was handsome. Who doesn't pay attention to beautiful people?
Eloisa stopped talking, seeming to wait for an answer from me.
“How much longer before you finish?”, I asked, trying not to show that I had digress while she spoke.
“The conclusion is still unfinished. That is, it shouldn't take long.”
“Oh, that's good! I'll have some questions later on. One day I will have to write my own final paper as well.”
 “The experience is much better if you choose a good teacher as a mentor.”
And she started to speak again. However, it did not last long. Samuel nudged her before getting up, stretching like a cat. “Very well. I would love to stay and spend the rest of my hours listening to my girlfriend talk about her thesis. She spends more time writing it than she does with me. No hard feelings. But, unfortunately, it's about time.”
I frowned. “But today is not Saturday?”
“My boss is not a sabbatical. Neither are gymnasts. So I need to work.”
The look Mom gave him was so admiring that Narcissus and his mirror would have been jealous. Samuel didn't seem to notice, he planted a delicate kiss on Eloisa's forehead, who was still sitting, before walking towards the door. My father got up to accompany him.
“Good night, sir”, he said, hugging my father with a pat on the back. 
My father seemed happy with the contact. I frowned, a little shocked. Then Samuel walked away and turned to me. “Lydia, your sister and I are going to dinner at my mother's house tonight. If you want to come, you're invited”.
I didn't know what to say, so I looked at my sister. 
“She is coming”, Eloisa ignored my look and looked at Samuel. “You’ll pick me up at 7 or should I drive there?”
“You can take the car”, Dad said, returning to sit on the sofa after opening the door for Samuel.
“Deal then.” Samuel said. “Till seven.” With a wave, he left, closing the door behind him. 
Frida chose that moment to return to the room. She looked disappointed that she couldn't say goodbye to Samuel, or sad that someone had left without petting her before.
“So”, Eloisa turned to me. “Do you want to walk the dog?”
I stared at her, a smile curving my lips. Anyone outside looking at us would think there was ambiguity in the sentence. However, that was not the case. Frida had been my birthday present ten years ago. Eloisa and mama understood, therefore, that the responsibility to take care of her was exclusively mine.
Of course, after a tortuous semester I couldn't just relax. I just regretted not having thought about it before I bought the ticket.

Chapter 3
I woke up to the sound of my parents' voices drowned out by the TV. I tried to go back to sleep, but when I realized it wasn't going to happen, I got up. Eloisa was walking through my bedroom door when she saw me and stopped.
“I'm going to the bakery”, she said. “Want something?”
I stretched. 
“I'll go along”, I replied. She raised her eyebrow. 
I lowered my arms. “What?”
“Nothing.” 
That said, she went back to her own room, closing the door behind her. 
I crossed the hall to find the bathroom and sighed when I saw my appearance in the mirror. We ware nothing alike. While she was fat, I was thin. While the curls of her hair were thin and small, mine were thick and large. While her black skin was smooth as a baby, without a spot, my cheeks had freckles.
I loved chemistry and math; she loved language and history. I was too pragmatic; she was too hasty. I had learned English and programming; she had learned English and German. I wore glasses; she wore contact lenses. I had taken after Mom; she had taken after dad. We couldn't be more different, but still, more similar.
Truth be told, I didn't consider myself the most beautiful, although I fit the beauty standard more than she did. I didn't dress as well as Eloisa and my personality didn't stand out like hers. She was focused, lively, cheerful and determined. I was distracted, quiet, pessimistic and resigned.
I did what I had to do in the bathroom and went back to my room to change. I put on shorts, a shirt, sneakers and my glasses when I was leaving.
I found Eloisa standing in the empty living room. My parents had retired to the bedroom. Frida's eyes went from me to my sister.
“What are you doing?”, Eloisa asked when I passed her, entering the kitchen and then the laundry room.
I came back with the collar in hand. 
"Let's take Frida with us", I replied, crouching down put her leash on. She started jumping and barking with excitement, disrupting my scheme.
Eloisa said nothing. She just nodded and opened the door when I finished locking Frida to her collar. The dog darted down the hall and I was forced to follow her. Eloisa closed the door and tried to accompany me. I forced Frida to walk more slowly. It didn't work, but I didn't loosen my grip.
“So...”, Eloisa started pressing the elevator button. “What about that guy...”
The doors opened and we entered.
“He texted me today”, I replied. 
She looked surprised. 
“Really?” 
I nodded. 
“He said he misses me.”
She rolled her eyes. 
“Son of a bitch. What did you answer?”
“I did not answer. I already blocked him.”
She sighed with relief. 
“He's a needy asshole.” 
“Too bad I needed him to break up with me to find out.” 
“He's a needy asshole who knows how to manipulate. It's not your fault.”
“I know it’s not.” 
The elevator opened and we left the building in an uncomfortable silence.
“So about dinner at your boyfriend's house...”, I started. Eloisa looked at me. “I don't think it's a good idea.”
She frowned. 
“Why?”
“Well... A dinner with his mother... seems more like an obligation that you have to fulfill and not me.” 
She laughed. 
“It's not a dinner with his mother.” 
I frowned. 
“It’s not?”
She shook her head. 
“Okay. It's dinner with his mother. But it's not just his mother. Our friends will be there too.”
“Oh. I didn't know that mother and son's friends combined in the same sentence.”
“You will see. Samuel's family is different from ours.”
I frowned. Samuel and Alicia were from the church. So Eloisa's friends were also from the church? A year earlier, she didn't seem to sympathize much with our parents' ideas of religion. I thought I was going to have that in common with her when I got back. But had dating Samuel changed her?
“Hel...”, I started, not knowing how to continue. “I ... I'm not really into going to a church cell today, I just arrived and....”
Eloisa started to laugh. A lot. I frowned.
“Church cell?”, she asked, between her laughs.
“Isn't Samuel from the church?”
She was still smiling.
“Yes, Samuel is still from the church.”
“Still?”
She bit her lip thinking about what to say next. I stopped where I was. Frida was content to smell the grass around us.
“Lydia, it is not because a person goes to church that she agrees with everything the church says. Right?”
I nodded. 
“Are you saying that Samuel is like that?”
She hesitated for a second.
“I'm saying I'm like that too.”
I nodded again. 
“Me too.”
An emotion crossed Eloisa's eyes. The orange clouds at dusk twitched behind her. She smiled.
She had moved away from religion a long time ago. Everyone knew but did not comment. I was still devout and did not accept her choice. We drifted away because of it. With time, she stopped telling me things. She stopped inviting me to go with her to places. Everything she said seemed "against the dogmas of God". I stopped listening, she stopped talking. Consequently, I stopped talking too. And she stopped listening. But now things had changed. I had also moved away from religion.
“What does the church have that you don't agree with?”, She asked quietly. Looking hopeful.
I hesitated for a minute. So I finally shrugged. 
“Everything.” 
Eloisa smiled and hugged me. She moved away look at my face, hands on my shoulders.
“I am not happy because you stop beliving, I want to make it clear.”
“I know.”
“If you want to be in a religion, cool. This is your thing.”
I nodded again. 
“It's just... It's good...”, Eloisa hesitated.
“It's good not to be alone”, I completed. 
She nodded, smiling. And hugged me again. I returned the hug.
Now there was nothing else between me and my sister.

Chapter 4
“Will Flavia be there?”, I asked, buckling my seat belt.
Flavia was the only friend of Eloisa that I knew. They had known each other in the first semester of journalism. I realized that I didn't know if they were still friends.
“Yes”, Eloisa turned the key in the ignition. 
“Anyone else I know?”
“You don't know that many people.”
She threw the phone in my lap, rested her arm on the back of my seat and started to back up. I was going to reply, but looked down to the phone screen. Eloisa had received a message.
Rafa:  Does your sister know?
Eloisa: No.
Eloisa: she doesn't know.
I frowned. What did I not know? I was about to click on the conversation when Eloisa took the phone from my hand. She turned it off and put it on the car console, signaled the left and made a turn.
“What don’t I know?”, I asked.
“That there’s going to be pepperoni pizza.”
I frowned. I hated peperoni pizza, but I doubted that was what she was hiding from me.
“Are you sure?”
“Samuel loves pepperoni pizza.”
“Your boyfriend is a monster.”
“You repeating that will not make him any less handsome”, Eloisa chanted with a high note at the end and a smile
I returned the expression. 
“Who's Rafa?” 
Eloisa rolled her eyes when she realized I wasn't going to let her make me lose track.
“The best person in the universe. Be nice.”
I frowned. 
“Why wouldn't I be nice?”
Eloisa hesitated for a second. 
“You know how to be closed minded when you want to.” 
I sighed. 
“Oh, Lisa, I changed so much in one year.”
“I'm glad to hear it.” 
And we were silent the rest of the drive. When Eloisa finally parked the car I checked the rearview mirror to check my appearance. I put on makeup to soften the freckles and red lipstick to highlight the part of my face that I liked the most.
Satisfied, I followed her out of the car. 
"You should have brought a coat", Eloisa said when we arrived in front of the building. She pressed the intercom.
“Next time, a warning before we leave the house would be good”, I said, crossing my arms to keep warm.
Eloisa smiled. She wore jeans and a sleeved top. I wore a black tube dress and high heels. I wondered if it was too much for the occasion. I shook my head. Me with heels was the same as penguin with a suit. It made no difference.
A female voice asked who it was and Eloisa answered. The door opened and we entered. Less than five minutes later, Eloisa rang the bell for apartment 704.
Immediately a woman opened the door. Alicia. She smiled at my sister and pulled her into a hug. Alicia was shorter then I remembered, since she barely reached my shoulder.
“Lydia, right?”, she asked when she l released my sister
I nodded, surprised that she knew my name. 
“When I went to dinner at your parents' house they had pictures of you everywhere”, her smile was as sweet as sugar.
I returned the smile. 
“What can I say? I'm photogenic.”
Alicia laughed and made room for us to enter. Her house was more crowded than I imagined. Three people were talking and drinking wine in front of the TV and there were two couples on the couch talking to each other. One of the couples appeared to be two men. I was immediately relieved. It was definitely not church meeting.
Eloisa seemed to be watching my reaction closely. I was about to ask why, when Alicia said: “They're on the second floor.”
The loud noise of feet against wood immediately reverberated through the room. Samuel was in the middle of the stairs when he noticed us. He finished coming down and approached us.
“Look who showed up”, he said, giving Eloisa a quick peck. Then he turned to me. “Not bad for a church cell, is it?”
I looked at Eloisa. Betrayer.
“Did you tell him?”
“I didn't know it was a secret.”
“What do you want to drink?”, Samuel asked me.
“What do you have?”
“Water. Soda. Wine”, he exchanged a look with Eloisa before continuing. “And beer.”
“Beer”, I said, without hesitation.
They did not try to hide the surprise. I sighed.
“I told you. I’ve changed a lot in a year.”
“Looks like it”, Eloisa said, smiling.
“Why don't I go upstairs and I get your drinks?”
Eloisa nodded. 
“Okay. Get me some water and a glass of wine”, she said to Samuel, before starting to pull me towards the stairs.
“Okay. What beer do you drink?”, Samuel practically shouted to be heard.
“Any of them!”, I managed to answer before Eloisa dragged me up the stairs.
We went through a corridor before we got to where Eloisa wanted. The terrace was a large open area, lit mostly by the stars. There was a grill that was not being used, the music was more agitated than the one downstairs. Four people were gathered at a table in the center.
“Okay. Okay”, a boy said. With a flower tattoo on the side of his neck, white skin and pink hair, he rested his hands on the table and got up in his chair. People were quiet to hear him speak. “I think we all agree there’s a question that does not want to remain silent: does size matter?”
One person laughed. Two others began to speak simultaneously. I opened my eyes wide. It was definitely not church meeting.
One man's voice started to overpower the others. Gray-haired, he was the oldest in the room.
"...Ten to twelve is considered a small penis", he said. “From twelve to eighteen is considered a normal penis...”
“Less than 20 I don't even start a conversation”, the boy with pink hair spoke, interrupting the explanation.
Some people laughed. Including the gray-haired man.
“Honey, it doesn't fit more than eight in here”, a blonde woman said. I knew her, Flavia.
“Well, honey, here it does”, the boy with pink hair chanted. 
Everyone burst out laughing, including Flavia. Eloisa looked at me, waiting for my reaction. I shrugged my shoulders.
“She's right, it doesn't fit in here.”
Eloisa laughed and some people finally seemed to notice that we were there. The gray-haired man stood up and Eloisa walked up to him, pulling me with her. They hugged each other.
“Heitor, this is Lydia”, Eloisa said, after stepping back. “Lydia, this is Heitor.”
“It’s a pleasure”, I said, extending my hand. 
“Wow, you two really look alike!”, Heitor said, accepting my hand.
My sister and I raised our eyebrows.
“Let me guess, you are not used to hearing that a lot, are you?”
“No”, I said. 
“Not at all”, Eloisa completed. 
Right then, Samuel appeared at the doorjamb. 
“Still discussing how many erogenous zones the human body has? He asked, while approaching.
I frowned when I noticed that he was carrying a basket of bread. He placed the basket on the table, staring at me as if daring me to ask him. I didn't have to. I managed to see the beers in the basket.
“I thought we already agreed that the human body is a box of surprises”, Heitor replied, sitting down again. “Anyone have any more questions?”
“He's a doctor”, Samuel whispered, handing me a can of beer.
“Oh”, I nodded, accepting the can. 
Eloisa was on the other side of the table, helping herself to a glass of wine.
“Heitor, I have a friend...”, the boy with pink hair spoke again. Everybody laughed. A malicious smile appeared on his face. “Seriously, my friend really has this doubt”, he said, patting Samuel on the arm, implying that he was that friend. Samuel just raised his eyebrows at him with a smile. No one at the table seemed to buy it. The boy's smile grew, encouraged by the disbelief of his colleagues. “This friend of mine wants to know if you can increase your penis with exercises.”
Samuel laughed, pulling his arm away, putting an end to their contact. 
“You know that rumour about the Japanese”, the boy said, resting his elbows on the table, staring at Heitor. 
Samuel took a beer from the basket and placed it in front of the boy, the can produced a thud on the wood. The boy looked at Samuel with a smile. Samuel reciprocated.
“Oh, am I Japanese?”, he asked.
“How about making the game more interesting and asking your ex-girlfriend?”, the boy crossed his arms and fixed his gaze on Flavia.
She opened her green eyes wide. 
“How about asking to my current one?”, Samuel suggested, moving to reach Eloisa, who sat across the table.
The boy shook his head slowly. He seemed to be having a great time. “Too biased. Flavia? What can you tell us?”
“I do not approve the reproduction of racial stereotypes”, Flavia replied, winning my heart. “Especially when reputation may not match.”
The boy leaned forward, savoring her words like wine. 
“Are you saying it doesn't match?”, he asked.
Flavia blushed and looked down. Eloisa seemed to have a lot of fun with the debate.
“Congratulations, Rafa”, Samuel said, looking as worried as much as a fich is thirsty. “You managed to make Flavia embarrassed.”
The pink-haired boy, Rafa, slapped the wood table loudly and held out his hand. With a wide smile, he said:
“You owe me ten bucks.”
Flavia rolled her eyes. 
“I can't believe I fell again”, she murmured. 
Eloisa started to laugh and Samuel reached his wallet in the back pocket of his pants to get the money.
“Before you get offended, Samuel authorized me get petty other contexts don't do that, it's stupid”, Rafa finally seemed to notice my existence. He laughed at my expression. “Bets are often our way to beat boredom”, he said, taking the money Samuel handed him.
“Flavia managed to make Samuel kiss Rafa the last time”, Eloisa said. 
“You didn't have to make a bet to make me kiss Rafa”, Samuel said, with a smile. “But I got ten bucks for it.”
“Now the ten bucks are mine”, Rafa said. “For you to learn not to play with these things again.”
Despite the words, Rafa did not seem upset with the game, he looked at the money with satisfaction. A big black boy who had been drinking in the corner just laughing and watching came over to the table to pick up the bottle of wine.
“Is Barbara coming?”, he asked Eloisa. But it was Flavia who answered: “she traveled with her parents to Gramado.” 
Before I could ask who Barbara was, Alicia appeared at the doorjamb. 
“Heitor, the pizzas are coming. Come help me get them, will you?”
Heitor nodded and stood up, offering his place to me. I thanked him and sat down.
“But he was about to teach us how to do oral sex, aunty! - Rafa complained.
Heitor was already beside Alicia when he laughed. Samuel sat next to Eloisa and facing me, rolling his eyes.
“Ask him later, ok? I'm sure he has a lot to teach”, Alicia's smile grew and became malicious. “Speaking from personal experience”, she said, before leaving, pulling Heitorby the wrist.
Samuel opened his eyes wide and covered his face with his hands. “Mooomm!”
Everyone burst out laughing, surprised. Including me.

Chapter 5
“What's up? Are you enjoying yourself?”, Samuel asked me, patting my thigh lightly to capture my attention.
After the pizzas, which were almost over, he had sat next to me to talk better with Flavia. The big, quiet boy had taken his place to talk to Eloisa and Rafa.
“I'm pretending it's a welcoming party for me”, I said, taking a sip of my beer. I drank very little. It was just my second can.
Samuel clicked his tongue. 
“I knew I should have ordered a sash.”
I laughed. 
Rafa tossed the edge of a piece of pizza back into the box and turned to me. He tilted his head, as if confused. Maybe he was a little drunk.
“What's your name again?”, he asked.
“Lydia”
“Oh yes! Lydia. Sorry, I didn't know your name”, he turned to Eloisa in a defiant pose. “Maybe because someone didn't introduce us.”
Eloisa shrugged with a little smile.
“I didn't think it was important.”
“Son of the bitch”, Rafa spoke softly, pretending outrage. 
She rolled her eyes. “Lydia, Rafa. Rafa, Lydia. Rafa is transgender and fluid gender, so he doesn't care if we switch between masculine and feminine pronouns, but he prefers us to use the they.”
Oh, so that was why she said that I should be nice to them. She must have feared that I didn't understand and would let out some nasty comment. Something I would probably do a year ago. Only I was not that ignorant anymore.
“I loved your tattoo”, I said to Rafa. “Did it hurt a lot to get it done?”
They touched the side of the neck at the mention of the tattoo. 
“I don't cry”, they said. “But that day I did.”
“I'm taking courage to make a unicorn in the ribs”, I said.
They smiled.
“If I were you, I wouldn't do that.”
I returned the smile. 
“Something told me it was a really bad idea.” 
Eloisa smiled at our interaction. Then she indicated the boy beside Rafa and said to me:
“And this is Tomás. But everyone calls him Tom.”
He waved at me and I waved back. Then Eloisa indicated Flavia.
“Flavia you already know.”
Her hair was so short that it barely exceeded her ears, she wore a Metallica T-shirt, with black tattoos emerging from the sleeves, circling her two arms. Her eyes were so green that I was slightly intimidated.
“I like your shirt”, I said.
She smiled. 
“I loved your lipstick”, she said. 
“Great! She already got along with everyone.” Rafa interrupted. “Now, what are we going to do this vacation?”
Samuel shook his head. 
“I have to work”, he said. 
“Okay, Mr. Party Pooper, are you going to work every day of the week?”
“No but...”
“It's not an excuse”, Rafa said. “Somebody else?”
Everyone was quiet.
“Is everybody on vacation?”, they asked, surprised. “My God. This does not happen very often. We have to take advantage.”
All eyes fell on Samuel. He raised his eyebrows and leaned back in his chair.
“Oh, now it matters if I work or not?”
“What if you talked to...”, Eloisa started. 
Samuel's smile grew. 
“I already did” 
Tom was expressionless. Everyone else looked at Samuel expectantly. Samuel kept quiet, getting off from his friends expressions.
“AND??”, Rafa asked, the most impatient apparently.
“And ... since last year everyone behaved, he said he will leave the key with me until the end of the vacation.”
Flavia screamed with happiness. Rafa raised their arms and celebrated as if their team had scored a goal. Eloisa sighed loudly and put her hand over her heart, relieved. Tom and I just observed the reaction of others. The difference was that Tom was probably getting it and I wasn't.
“Samuel has a country house”, Eloisa said to me.
“Samuel has a country house?”, Samuel asked, arching his eyebrows.
“Heitor, has a country house”, Eloisa corrected herself. “And he will lend it to us until the end of the vacation.”
“Daddy is letting you go?”, I narrowed my eyes.
“Well, we won't be able to sleep there, but Mom and Dad will let us go for the day. They let me last year. Well ... sort of.”
Us? Rafa seemed to read the question in my face, because they said: “Lydia, you can come, but you’re on trial for an indefinite period.”
“On trial for what?”, I repeated.
“Our group”, they turned the indicator, pointing everyone at the table, “has been in existence for three years. It consists of only five people, because it is necessary to fulfill requirements to be part of it.”
“What requirements?”, I asked.
“Yeah”, Flavia said, crossing her arms. “What requirements?”
“One: you have to be open-minded. We have a dyke, a bisexual and a transgender in this group.”
“And Asian”, Samuel joined the game. 
“And Asian”, Rafa agreed. 
“And black people”, Eloisa said.
“And black people”, Rafa agreed again.
“And fat people”, Eloisa spoke. 
“I think she understand already”, Rafa said before turning to me.
“Anything else?”, I asked.
I really had changed. I don't think that a year ago I would have had any problems respecting the existence of these people before me today. Maybe I had a problem understanding their sexualities and the way they expressed themselves, but not respecting it. Only at that time I would’ve never consider being part of a group like that.
Now I could not understand why not. I was excited, honestly.
Samuel, Flavia, Eloisa, Tom and Rafa looked at each other. It was Rafa who looked away first to face me and said: “Only one more. You have to be trust worthy.”
“Not that we do anything illegal here”, Flavia hurried. 
“It's just that we like to believe that if we can't count on the world, we can count on each other”, it was Tom who spoke. The longest sentence I heard him release all night.
The atmosphere had changed. They were all a little drunk, but they were looking at me with caution. I nodded slowly.
“If you want to participate then it's done”, Rafa said. “But you will only be able to bet after the trial period.”
“By the way”, Flavia said to Rafa. “You owe me ten bucks”. 
They sighed as they pulled the money out of his pocket. 
“They bet you wouldn't want to be a part of it”, Eloisa explained to me when Rafa leaned over to hand Flavia the money. 
I laughed. 
“What is your guyses thing with these bets?”, I asked.
“It's a habit”, Flavia said counting the money. 
“We always bet the same amount”, Samuel said. “There's probably about twenty bucks circulating between us until someone else wins the next bet.”
I took a sip of my beer, it was already getting hot in my hand.
“Are there any more bets you made about me that I should know about?”
Samuel, Flavia, Eloisa, Tom and Rafa looked at each other again. Eloisa looked down, Samuel at the ceiling, Tom remained staring at me and Flavia and Rafa exchanged a smile.
“If there's one thing you need to know about us”, Rafa said, their pink hair reflecting the moonlight. “It’s that we bet on everything.”

Chapter 6
They put me on their group message.
I would have thought it was a little too soon if Eloisa hadn't told me that they had one without me too. Just in case things went wrong with me. I completely understood them having doubts. In fact, It even made me respected them more.
I had returned to only spend the vacation, saying that I had changed radically in the last year. If I were in their place, I would also be cautious. I could still be just another ignorant person saying that I am not because “I even have gay friends”.
Eloisa's hands were shaking on the steering wheel. I frowned, noticing her uneasiness.
“Are you ok?”, I asked.
She looked at me suddenly, as if I had startled her. Then shook her head.
“Yes”, she said before sitting up straight, tightening her grip on the steering wheel. “We're almost there.”
I watched her for a moment. But she seemed to have began to get a hold of herself so I let it go.
It had been a week since the dinner at Samuel's house. It was Saturday and he didn't work that day, so it was agreed that it would be the day we went to his place for the first time.
“How did you manage to convince our parents that going alone to a place with Samuel and his friends was a good idea?”, I asked Eloisa.
“We won't be spending the night there”, she shrugged. “They must think that young people don't have sex during the day. Go figure. In addition, I said that Alicia would be there.”
“And will she?”
“Today yes.”
“What about after?”
“Do not know. She trusts Samuel a lot. And she is not wrong, he wouldn’t do anything that she would not allow.”
“Is she very liberal?”
Eloisa nodded. 
“A lot. It must have been because she adopted him young. Or for studying medicine.”
“Did she study medicine?”, I asked, surprised.
Eloisa nodded again, signaling before making a turn. 
“Yes, with Heitor.”
“Samuel told me he was a doctor.”
“And one of the good ones. He’s a professor at university.”
“Wow.”
“Yeah.”
“What is their relationship?”
“Whose relationship?”
“Samuel and Heitor, Heitor and Alicia...”
“Alicia and Heitor dated for a long time. Heitor is like a father to Samuel.”
“Oh.” 
That explained a lot. 
Eloisa made another turn and we entered a grassy entry pathway. The car's wheels traveled along a path of stones.
“Send a message to the group saying that we are coming. And tell them to open the gate”, my sister asked.
I nodded before obeying her. In a matter of seconds, Samuel replied: “It will be open.”
I told Eloisa and we stayed in silence for the rest of the drive. An image started to form in my eyes. As the car approached, the image became clearer. A huge stone wall ran through the grounds. The majestic wooden and iron gate was still just opening when we passed.
“Uhm ... Eloisa ...”, I started. “I think this is the time when you tell me Samuel is rich.”
Eloisa laughed gripping on the steering wheel. 
“If you talk to Samuel about it for five minutes he convinces you he’s not.”
My eyes found a two-story house under the clear blue sky. The building was tall and was on top of a slope. There was an entire glass wall on the first floor, so you could see the room. Despite my myopia, I could tell that the room was wide and had only a rug and sofa in the middle, facing the glass wall. I imagined that the view from up there must be beautiful.
Eloisa parked the car under the shade of a tree and I opened the door when she pushed the brakes, eager to absorb the view. In my surroundings, the grass was low, there was a swimming pool, a wooden table and a hammock attached to two trees.
Eloisa approached holding our backpacks and Samuel and Heitor appeared in my vision field.
Samuel was wearing shorts and a blue shirt, his head looking down, listening to Heitor speak. The doctor's arm was around his shoulders. Samuel nodded at him before raising his head, waving at us and smiling. I grabbed my backpack and walked towards him with Eloisa. Samuel broke free from Heitor's arm and ran to us.
“Liked it?”, he asked me.
I was speechless with the beauty of that place.
“I think the only thing missing is a waterfall”, I managed to say. 
“It’s in the back”, Samuel said very serious. 
I opened my eyes wide. He laughed. “I'm just kidding.”
I exhaled in relief and looked at Eloisa. She seemed to be having a lot of fun with my reaction. The sound of tires against the gravel path became audible and we turned to see who was arriving.
Tom was driving with a smile on his face. Flavia was in the front passenger seat and waved when she saw us. Tom made a turn and Rafa, in the passenger seat, put their body out the window and made the rock'n'roll symbol with their hands.
I laughed out loud when I saw it. Eloisa chuckled and Samuel rolled his eyes. Rafa skipped out of the car first, Flavia soon after, taking off her headphones. Tom turned off the car and followed them.
“Ten bucks”, Tom said, holding out his hand to Samuel. 
Samuel opened his wallet, sulking. 
“What did you bet?”, I asked.
“That Rafa was going to do something stupid when they arrived”, Tom said. Samuel handed him the money.
Rafa pretended to be outraged.
“Why did you lose?”, I asked Samuel. “Even I could have predicted that.”
“What?!”, Rafa almost screamed, before practically jumping on me and giving me a slap on the head.
I managed to walk away, laughing.
“I bet they were going to do something stupid after they arrived”, Samuel said.
Rafa shook their head, disappointed.
“I thought you knew me!”
“Me too!”, Samuel replied.
He started walking to the country house and we followed him. 
“Where's Tom?”, I asked when I noticed that he was not with the group.
“He went back to get the bags”, Rafa replied, beside me.
“What about you two?”, I pointed at them. Both carried only backpacks.
“A lady must not carry weight”, Rafa said, pretending to be offended. Then they indicated Flavia with their thumb. “Flavia is just being rude.”
Flavia rolled her eyes. 
“Have you seen Tom's height? He'll be fine. It would be like he was the one carrying only our backpacks.”
I didn't argue. We went up the stairs and Samuel put his hand on the door handle. Before opening it he turned to me and said: “No sudden movements.” 
I frowned, but I didn't have time to ask. The door was opened and two large dogs emerged, barking, the sound of their feet scratching the wooden floor. My eyes widened, but I didn't move a finger.
The dogs surrounded Flavia, Rafa and Eloisa, allowing them to caress them, but they looked at me carefully. I was quiet and manage to not let out my fear. They dodged the girls' hands and slowly started walking towards me. Samuel appeared beside me immediately and hugged me by the shoulders. I was startled by the contact, but recovered quickly.
“She's a friend, Tibia”, Samuel said to the first dog.
Samuel continued to hug me, brushing his hand up and down my arm, trying to either comfort me or make it clear to the dogs that I was invited. Perhaps a mixture of the two. The dogs stared at us for a long moment.
Then Samuel, with his free hand, took my hand that did not hold the backpack and slowly brought near to one of the dog’s nose. The dog barked and I wanted to remove my hand right away. But Samuel was stronger, he continued to hold my hand and looked me in the eye. I had never been so close to Samuel before then.
The grip around my hand loosened and he continued to stare at me. I nodded. He understood and looked away at the dog. Slowly, he moved my hand to the animal's head. When the dog let me pet him, I exhaled, relieved.
“That's Tibia”, Samuel said, before letting go of my hand and leaning back, still keeping his other arm around me. 
I continued to pet the dog and Samuel told me to do the same with the other hand. 
“This is Femur”, he said when I moved my hand to the other dog who accepted my caresses easily. Unlike Tibia.
“Did you name your dogs like the bones in the human body?”, I asked.
Samuel smiled and walked away. I found myself wishing the contact would have lasted longer. But I couldn't think like that. He was my sister's boyfriend.
“Femur and Tibia are not mine”, Samuel replied. “They're Heitor’s.”
Ok. Heitor was a doctor in love with the human body. Great. He was in the right profession.
Tom arrived right at that moment, carrying three bags in his arms. Femur and Tibia ran towards him and he dropped his bags on the gravel, crouching down to pet the dogs.
“That's it then”, Samuel said, before opening the door of the house completely. “Let the fun begin.”

Chapter 7
The property was beautiful. Inside, it wasn't as luxurious as I had guessed from the outside view, but it was well maintained. The paint on the walls was impeccable and the floor was entirely of wood. There was a wide stairway that disappeared on the second floor and the view from the glass wall in the room was really fantastic.
I didn't get very close to the wall, because, from close up, it felt like there was no surface that would prevent me from falling and rolling downhill. Even so, I admired the majestic landscape, the green grass and the white clouds in the blue sky. It must be fantastic to see the twilight from here.
Probably for that reason a light gray sofa had been placed in front of the glass wall. Definitely the most luxurious piece of furniture in the house, I thought that the sofa was so big that it would fit the six of us lying down on it ... Okay, maybe not with Tom.
I just didn't expect the house to be so ... empty. It looked like someone had just moved in and got tired of furnishing it before they barely started. Apart from the sofa, the carpet and the cushions, the rest of the room had insignificant details, like a small painting here, a clock there. The room was so empty that the sound of footsteps echoed through the house. I turned around.
“Femur and Tibia are eavesdropping at the gate”, Heitor said, entering the room. “Those two... You brought bed sheets from home right?”
Flavia and Tom nodded. They had thrown their bags in the corner of the room.
“Heitor”, Rafa said. “Did I say I love you today?”
Heitor laughed. Flavia took out her wallet and handed ten bucks to Eloisa. Samuel, Tom and I smile. Rafa rolled their eyes.
“Let's remember the rules, how about it?”, Heitor started. “One: you will clean the house and take out the garbage. Two: you will also clean the pool. Three: the food is up to you. Four: sex only if it’s safe.” Samuel covered his face with his hand. “Five: If something breaks you pay. Six: if any rules are broken I will lose my trust in you and I will never lend the house again.”
Rafa saluted. “Yes sir!”, said.
The rest of us just nodded and murmured in agreement.
“Very well”, Samuel said, turning to us. “The house has three bedrooms. One we won't use because it's Heitor’s and my mother’s. Eloisa and Lydia will not sleep here, so they do not enter in the division. My room has a double bed and a single bed and the other room has only a double bed. How are we going to decide this?”
Flavia and Rafa started talking simultaneously. 
“I thought Heitor and his mother weren't together”, I muttered to Eloisa. 
“And they're not”, she murmured back. 
I frowned. 
“Two can stay in one room and two can stay in the other”, Rafa suggested, louder.
“I'm not going to sleep with Rafa”, Flavia said. “They kick.”
Samuel made a face. 
“Well remembered”, he said. 
Rafa put their hand over their heart, outraged. “I don't kick. I protect”, retorted.
“Protect me from what?”, Flavia asked. “A good night's sleep?”
“Ok”, Rafa said. “Since you and I can't, Tom and I in one room and you and Samuel in another.”
“I can't sleep in the same bed as Samuel, he's my ex.”
And your best friend's current boyfriend, I added mentally. 
Rafa narrowed their eyes. “But isn't he your best friend?”
“He is also your best friend”, Flavia retorted. 
“Rafa, I love you”, Samuel said. “But you kick.”
“We can paly rock, paper, scissors”, Tom suggested.
“I've never felt so neglected”, Rafa shook their head.
“We’re not gonna be able to solve this between ourselves”, Flavia murmured.
“I can't believe I'm already regretting it”, Heitor, who just watched everything with his arms crossed, muttered.
“Guys!”, I practically screamed. “Play rock, paper, scissors. If there is a combination that someone is not satisfied with, just change.”
I almost didn't believe it when they started doing as I said. Rafa shook their hand, frowning. Flavia rolled her eyes, but nodded. Samuel and Tom nodded before they started to shake hands. In less than a minute we had the result.
Samuel and Tom in one room. Rafa and Flavia in another.
And the discussion started again. 
***
Rafa had their back to me, unpacking their clothes and folding them on the bed. I knocked on the door and they immediately turned to see me.
“Can I come in?”, I asked.
They had kept the result of the game. Only Samuel had exchanged his room with Rafa and Flavia. Thus, one could sleep in the single bed while the other could have the double bed. Rafa had apparently chosen the single bed.
“Oh”, he said, recognizing me. “It's just you”, then went back to unpacking their clothes again.
“Where's Flavia?”
I managed to capture their attention. “In the bathroom, why? Do you want to talk to her?”
“Samuel said that Eloisa and I could use this room to change.”
“It makes sense”, they smiled. “This room is more harmless than a room where only boys sleep.”
“I still don't understand why Heitor and Alicia's room won't be used. I mean, they're only going to spend a few nights here, aren't they?”
“There was a year when it was used”, Rafa made a face. “It wasn't pretty.”
“What happened?”
He smirked. 
“Heitor and Alicia discovered a condom in the trash can in their room.” 
I raised my eyebrows so high that they almost lift off from my forehead.
“Eloisa and Samuel?”
Rafa stopped unloading their suitcase to look at me. They shook their head slowly.
“Eloisa wasn't even our friend at the time. We were underage.”
“Then who did it?”
“Nobody knows exactly who it was. Coming here on vacation is a tradition that started with me, Flavia and Samuel. We kind of grew up together. At the time, we were friends with another girl and boy. They came with us. And they hooked up occasionally.”
“What happened to them?”
“They moved to another city. We lost contact. They date other people now.”
“Was it them?”
Rafa shrugged. “Flavia and Samuel were dating at the time. It could have been them too.”
“You never asked?”
“It doesn't matter who did it, Lydia”, their eyes looked at me seriously, trying to read my expression like a book. “Friends are not snitches. We didn’t tell on each other back then. And we wouldn’t do it today. Understood?”
They seemed to be talking about something else now, but I had no idea what. Still, I nodded. 
“Understood.”

Chapter 8
The sun shined strongly on my cheeks. Eloisa beside me sighed and I opened my eyes to look at her. We had put on our bikinis and laid on the pool loungers in front of the pool. She was sitting facing the sun, apparently tired of burning her ass.
“How long have we been here?”, she asked, closing her eyes.
“I have no idea.” 
I had exchanged my prescription glasses for sunglasses. I watched Rafa and Tom by the edge of the pool through the dark lenses. I was jealous of Rafa's ass. They wore a fluorescent pink swim trunks that highlighted their round ass and showed off their long, thin, shaved legs. Tom only wore regular shorts and paid attention to what Rafa said.
At one point in the conversation, Tom nodded, smiled and moved quickly, sliding an arm under Rafa's knees and grabbing they around the waist with his other hand. In a matter of seconds, Rafa was thrown into the pool, their body making a loud noise as they collided with the water. Tom smiled and jumped right after. Water was thrown everywhere and Eloisa and I huddled on the sun lounger.
Rafa emerged first. Tom surfaced and Rafa climbed onto his back, shouting obscenities. Tom laughed and held Rafa, who was sitting on his shoulders, so they wouldn't fall.
“I'm starting to ship the two”, I said.
Eloisa just looked at me.
“What?”, I asked. 
She shook her head, as if abandoning the thought that had just crossed her mind, and laying her head back on the lounger, closing her eyes.
Rafa had let go of Tom's arms and now they were talking face to face. Tom paid no attention to anything except Rafa. Was I the only one who saw the potential there?
Flavia and Samuel watched the two too. They were swinging in the hammock across the pool. Samuel, wearing only shorts, put an arm around Flavia's shoulders, who wore only shorts and a bikini top. She put a hand on Samuel's thigh and moved her mouth closer to his ear.....
“Don't you care?”, I asked Eloisa.
She was already looking at me. She frowned.
“What?”
I nodded at Samuel and Flavia. 
“Don't you mind their intimacy?”
A small smile curved Eloisa's lips. She straighten up on the lounger chair and shook her head.
“Not at all.”
I looked away from them both. They remained in the same position, looking at the landscape this time.
“I don't know if I would have the same trust”, I mumbled.
Eloisa looked like she was about to say something when a car honked, it’s wheels making noise as it traveled the gravel. Rafa and Tom looked, Samuel moved away at Flavia and got up from the hammock. Heitor left the house and went down the steps. The car pulled up under the shade of a flowering tree and Alicia got out, closing the driver's door with a low thud.
She waved to all of us and opened the trunk. Inside was a large box, filled with purple bottles.
“Who wants a glass of wine?”, spoke loudly so that we could all hear.
***
I honestly couldn't think of any better parents than Samuel's. 
Alicia had brought not one, but two boxes of drinks with her. Samuel carried both of them into the kitchen and we all followed him, except Rafa and Tom who were forbidden to enter until they were dry.
After that, Alicia, Heitor and Samuel disappeared to talk upstairs. Me, Eloisa and Flavia prepared the kitchen and started cooking.
I put on shorts and tied my hair in a tall, messy tail. Eloisa put a dress over her bikini and Flavia was wearing the same. I chopped the vegetables, Eloisa prepared the meat and Flavia was the chef who did everything and more, since she lived alone since she was eighteen and had more experience in the kitchen than any of us.
I had just finished chopping the carrot when Samuel came in. He had a T-shirt on and, without looking at me, put his elbows on the marble counter. We weren't even that close, but I found myself wanting him to stay there. He looked at Eloisa and Flavia behind me.
“Do you want help with anything?”
“There's a lot of dirty dishes”, Flavia chanted.
Samuel laughed before walking up to the sink. 
The minutes went by at the sound of Flavia's instructions and orders. I didn't care much at first, but as the orders became more specific and accompanied by comments about my performance, I got a little annoyed. However, I controlled myself because, in her place, I might have done the same.
Rafa and Tom finally entered. Both had put on a T-shirt, but Rafa's muscular legs were still showing, beautifully. How could I get a similar pair?
When they arrived Flavia reorganized the production chain. Dinner was a kind of thanks to Alicia and Heitor for lending the country house. And we wanted to serve the food before dark to watch the twilight as we ate. Thus, everyone also needed to shower and get ready in time. It wouldn't be just any kind of dinner.
Flavia told me and Eloisa to get dressed first while Rafa and Tom took our places. When we got back, we would start making the table and Samuel would go up with one of them to get dressed. Flavia was going to determine who would go up with him later.
“It will depend on who works the most”, she said. 
Rafa and Tom just looked at each other, without hurrying their movements, apparently not caring who would shower first.
“Did you see my earrings?”, Eloisa asked, diverting my attention from my reflection in the mirror.
We were in Samuel's room with the doors closed. The same room that was being used by Flavia and Rafa. The room was as empty as the rest of the house, but at least it was a suite. It had two beds and a four-door closet. The mirror, which I had miraculously found, was nailed to the inside of one of the closet doors.
“Didn't you put it in your case?”
“Found it!”, Eloisa fired when she opened the case. “How do I look?”
I was drying my hair with a towel and I turned to look at her. I had put my glasses away but I could see her perfectly. My expression must have revealed my surprise because she smiled. We had both agreed to wear white. So she had opted for a short, low cut dress while I had chosen a long-sleeved tunic with a deep neckline.
Eloisa had been the first to shower, so her hair was already dry. The earrings perfectly matched the tiara she had put on and cherry red lipstick added a special detail to the whole outfit.
“Wow”, I let slip. “You are perfect.”
Eloisa's smile grew. She gave a little spin.
“I know!” 
“I really want to see Samuel's face when he sees you.”
Eloisa's smile twitched. She looked like she was about to speak when someone knocked on the door.
“Are you dressed? Samuel shouted outside.”
I opened my eyes wide. 
“This is my superpower”, I said. “I invoke people when I speak their names.”
Eloisa did not laugh. Looking like she had just eaten a sour fruit, she walked towards the door.
“Wow”, Samuel released after Eloisa opened the door. He looked her up and down, lingering slightly on her breasts. I resisted the urge to roll my eyes, but my smile remained. His gaze met hers again. “You are fantastic.”
Eloisa's lips curved upward again, and Samuel's gaze darted across the room, past open suitcases, unmade beds and scattered clothes until they stopped on me. I was surprised by it. Since we had settled in, he hardly seemed to notice my existence.
His eyes roamed my wet hair, my face, lingering on my back (the neckline was very deep), ran over my hips, my legs and went back to my eyes. I was thrilled with the attention. 
Samuel looked at Eloisa again and said: “Change of plans. Rafa is already coming up. They are showering here. Flavia asked you to go down and start setting the table. I mean...”, he glanced at me. “You two.”
Then he left, closing the door with a tiny sound. 

Chapter 9
Eloisa had to go down alone. I had barely started to get dressed when Samuel came in. Rafa appeared shortly thereafter. They nodded to me before closing the bedroom door and walking to the bathroom. I heard the splash of hot water and hurried up.
When Rafa finally came out, with a towel around their body, I was done with my hair.I had made two thick braids that went down to the middle of my head and turned into a low bun, but a little to the side. It looked incredible, modesty aside. I was about to leave when Rafa stopped me, with their hand on my arm. “Are you going out like this?”, they said.
I blinked. 
“What do you mean?”
“You didn't even put on a mascara.”
“They need me down there, Eloisa already went to help.”
“Eloisa is ready. Not you”, they let go of my arm and took a little bag from their suitcase. “Did you see her eyeliner? I taught her that.”
“Oh, she learned that from you!”
Rafa started shaking the mascara bottle while lifting my chin with their free hand to study my face. “You'll want to put a towel over your clothes”, they said, pulling their hand away from me to open the bottle.
“Don't you want to change first?”
Rafa blinked and realized they were wearing only a towel. “Turn around”, they ordered. 
I turned and faced the mirror. Rafa didn't notice and started to remove the towel anyway. I panicked and immediately closed the closet door in time.
“You can turn”, Rafa said. 
I turned around. Rafa had put on a blouse so long it almost went down to the middle of their legs. I didn't know if they were wearing something underneath, but I didn't want to ask. They lifted my face with one hand and looked around the bag with the other. “Do you have a faundation in your skin tone?”, asked.
“Wasn’t it going to be just mascara?”
“It's never just mascara.”
“Flavia is going to kill me.”
“Let me take care of Flavia. Who do you think will do her makeup?”
“Oh, so that's why you went up earlier!”
They started to separate the materials they were going to use.
“Alicia asked me to do her makeup too. Do you have the faundation or not?”
I immediately walked over to my backpack. I opened my bag and handed it to Rafa. I took the opportunity to get a dry towel that someone had left on the bed. I wrapped it around my shoulders, trying to protect the dress as much as possible. 
“I think I should feel honored that you found time for me in you busy schedule.”
Someone had told me earlier that Rafa was a professional makeup artist. They poured a little of the foundation on the back of their hand, with the corners of their lips pulling up. “I usually don't do something without expecting something else in return”, said, taking a brush and starting to rub the cream and spreading it around my face.
“Should I expect you to ask me for favor later on, then?”, I asked when they started applying the make up.
“Perhaps. You could teach me how to do this hairstyle for example.”
“You don't have curly hair.”
“So?”
“We will need a guinea pig.”
“Tom will have to work.”
“His hair is too short.”
It was also frizzy, but it could work. 
“I'll tell him to grow it out.”
“How did you two meet?”
Rafa finished with the foundation, took a make up palette, changed the brush and continued their work.
“He's my second stepfather’s son. We met when we were seventeen.”
“So he's your brother?”
Rafa shook their head. 
“Our parents are broken up.”
“But your friendship remained.”
“I don't know if you can call it friendship.” 
“Why?”
“It's complicated.”
“That’s not an answer.” 
“You are very curious.”
“That’s not a flaw.”
“It's not a quality either.”
I rolled my eyes. Rafa changed the brush again.
“Close your eyes”, said.
I obeyed. I felt a smooth object slide across my eyelid.
“He doesn't talk much”, I said. 
“That’s not a flaw.”
I smiled, eyes still closed.
“It's not a quality”, I said.
They laughed. We were silent for a moment.
“Rafa.” 
“Yes?”
“If you had a superpower, what would it be?”
Rafa was quiet for a moment.
“Where did that question come from?”
“I think I have the superpower to invoke people by saying their names out loud.”
Rafa laughed.
“It's a terrible superpower.”
I shrugged, satisfied with they laugh I managed to get.
“It's all I have. What superpower did you want to have?”
They thought for a long minute.
“To be invisible”, they finally said. 
“Do you feel very seen?”
“Every day. When I walk on the street or go somewhere... every day.
“Sometimes I feel the opposite.”
“I hope that one day things will change.”
“I hope so too.” 
We were silent for another moment. They spoke first:
“Open your eyes.”
I opened them and saw Rafa taking the eye liner. I heard footsteps in the hallway. 
“Samuel”, I said. Rafa frowned. “Tom. Flavia. Eloisa. Heitor. Alicia.”
Rafa raised their eyebrows when they realized what I was doing.
“Well, that’s easy”, said. 
Immediately someone knocked on the door. 
“Who's there?”, Eloisa shouted. “Lydia?! Flavia sent me to get you to come help!”
I looked at Rafa. Their lips curved in a wide smile.
“Tell her to get one of the boys!”, they shouted back. “What are they for, anyway?”
“Rafa?!”
“I'm getting her ready!”
“Did you tell Flavia?!”
“I'll do her makeup. All the power is in my hands!”
“I'll call one of the boys!”, Eloisa shouted.
We heard her walking away. I looked at Rafa and we burst out laughing.
“Boys", they said, contemplative, while shaking the eyeliner package. “So useless and so useful.”
“Do you think they will go?”
“Of course! It's Flavia”, Rafa replied, with a fierce smile. “Now be quiet”, they opened the eyeliner. “And let me do my magic.”
***
There was only one table in the whole house and it was outside, on a kind of wooden stage further away from the pool. If it weren't for the ceramic trail, it would be a problem to walk there with the food and drinks.
Eloisa and I were finishing placing the last bowls on the table while Samuel and Tom took care of the music speaker. Tom had brought an extension cords so long that they turned on the box and placed it on a folding table that Samuel had found.
Small spotlights spread across the grass illuminating the greenery. Soon it would be dark.
The table was fantastic. The towel and plates had already been put on by the boys when I arrived. So I just added some finishing touches and lit up the candlesticks.
“I'm starting to get hungry”, Eloisa said, placing the lasagna in the middle of the table.
That was all I could think about. We had covered the food with lids, but the smell still reached our noses. Someone groaned next to me.
“Tell me about it”, Samuel said, licking his lips, looking anxiously at the food on the table.
He was wearing jeans and a black shirt that favored his body in the right places. His brown hair was a shade darker than his skin, which was even darker after the hours of sunshine.
“Where's Tom?”, I asked.
“He went to get the others.”
“Look what you did!”, Alicia said, coming out of the house, wearing a beautiful red dress.
Rafa did a fantastic job with Alicia's makeup, but even if she didn’t wear any the effect would be the same. If I ever become a mother, I want to be like her, who didn't even look like one. Heitor in a light-colored shirt walked behind. I noticed for the first time how the two looked physically. It was a beautiful couple that was not together.
They stepped on the wooden stage and Rafa appeared. Being the only one of us to wear heels, they struggled on the ceramic trail, their arm griping Tom's. Samuel whistled when he saw them and held out his hand to Eloisa. Eloisa rolled her eyes before handing him the money.
Rafa smiled at Samuel's reaction. Tom wore only jeans and a green T-shirt. Standing next to Rafa, he looked the messiest of all ou us.
They wore a sky blue satin dress so tight that made their legs even more toned and perfectly hugged their butt. So short that I wondered how they would sit. The makeup was perfect, of course. Rafa had put a vibrant pink on their lips and their hair, also pink, was straight and silky up to their chin.
“You are drooling”, they said when they reached us.
“You look fantastic”, Eloisa said.
“I literally got goosebumps”, Samuel said. 
“Where do I get an ass like yours?”, I asked.
Alicia and Heitor also babbled something, but they ignored everyone.
“What did you bet on?”, he asked Samuel and Eloisa.
“I bet you were going to wear heels”, Samuel said. 
“I bet you would wear anything but heels”, Eloisa said, simultaneously. 
Rafa turned to Eloisa.
“After all this time you still don't know me?”
“I thought you were going to be reasonable and not wear heels because of the grass.”
“And since when am I reasonable?”
“Good point.”
“Hey, no music?!”, Flavia asked, almost screaming to be heard by us.
She was still putting an earring in her ear when we turned to see her. Her hair was messy, but in a natural way. She wore a red set consisting of a cropped top and red pants that highlighted the black tattoos on her voluptuous body. She was the last one to get ready, since she had been in charge of everything, but she might as well have been the first. She was impeccable.
Tom walked away from Rafa and walked over to the speaker. Samuel remained where he was, hands in his pockets staring at Flavia. Some feeling crossed his eyes. I tried to identify what it was. Desire, love, anger, passion, regret...
Then his gaze met mine. I didn't hesitate, I held my gaze. Was that the guy dating my sister? A boy who, when in a monogamous relationship, looked at other women... desired another woman? Especially his girlfriend's best friend? Was Eloisa blind?
Samuel's expression hardened and he looked away at the twilight that had already started, taking a deep breath. Good music started playing and Tom approached Samuel and Heitor when he finished working on the speaker.
Flavia took a glass from the table and tapped it with a fork to get everyone's attention.
“I always wanted to do that”, she said, with a smile. Eloisa, Alicia and Heitor laughed. “As everyone here knows, I'm not very good with words. So I will not speak for long. Especially because I'm starving and I'm probably not the only one”, Samuel, Eloisa and I nodded vehemently. “Besides, although spending this vacation with you here again means a lot to me, for a specific person it means a million times more”, she took a deep breath. “And because that same person bet that I couldn't manage to get everything done, my revenge is to pass the word to them. Rafa, why don't you do the honors?”
Rafa rolled their eyes but turned to us. 
“Alicia and Heitor”, they said, “I've said it a million times and I'll say it again: you are the best parents in the world. I wish my parents were just a little bit like you.” 
Rafa looked embarrassed. I’ d never have imagined that I’d have the opportunity to see them like this. “I was very lucky to grow up with you. Growing up with Samuel and Flavia. To have them practically as my siblings and to have you guyses’ support. You believed in us, you continue to believe and give us room to grow.” 
Alicia pursed her lips, looking like she was about to cry. Heitor put his hand on her shoulders, absorving every word like oxigen.
“I wanted to say that your confidence that we will not destroy this place brick by brick in less than a week is the most touching thing in the universe.” 
Alicia laughed, a silent tear streaming down her cheek. Heitor beside him smiled widely. Rafa put their hand over their heart. “I intend not to break this trust and I think everyone here agrees”, Samuel, Eloisa, Tom, Flavia and I nod. “Especially because I don't think we came here to do anything, except enjoy each other's company. Thank you for allowing us to do this. ”
When Rafa finished, Alicia ran to hug them. Heitor went along, wrapping his arms around the two. Samuel and Flavia had equal expressions of discontent on their faces. It was more than clear that they were emotional. They got near and were pulled into the embrace.
Rafa's free hand found Tom’s who just wrapped his fingers around it with a mini smile on his face. Alicia forced her son’s face down and kissed his cheek. Heitor gave Rafa and Flavia a sweet kiss on the cheeks, both still in his arms.
Eloisa's hand found mine and I intertwined our fingers. One corner of her lips curved upward. I had no idea what she was thinking, but it didn't matter, we were together.
The world was cruel to people like Rafa. 
The world was cruel to people like me and Eloisa. The world was even more cruel to people like her.
But Rafa had his family and my sister and I had each other. 

Chapter 10
“Is it just me or is Samuel cold with you since Saturday?”, I asked my sister.
She glanced at me from the driver's seat. It was Monday and we had decided to stop by the country house.
Saturday's dinner had been incredible. The beauty of the property was inexplicable at dusk, with the stars being reflected in the pool and illuminating the wooden stage. The food was tasty and the drinks ware cold and delicious. Rafa talked all night, encouraged by the wine. Everyone laughed at their stories, especially Alicia and Heitor.
During dinner, people ate, drank, talked, drank, shouted excitedly and drank more. Eloisa only ate, because she would be the one to take us home and I only allowed myself to drink enough to lossen up.
We left less than two hours later. The road back into town was dangerous at night and we couldn't sleep on the country home because of our parents.
Eloisa was in a bad mood the whole way. She wished she had stayed longer, drank more, talked more... she wished she had spent the night there. And so did I.
When we arrived, we were greeted by our parents and asked how it had been. But we didn’t talk much. We went straight to our rooms. They would not like to know about Rafa; they would not like to know that we drank; they would not like to know that our friends favorite topic was sex; and they definitely wouldn't want to know that their daughter's mother-in-law and father-in-law loved talking about it as much as we did.
We didn't come back the next day. Tom had warned in a group text that, except for him, everyone had drunk too much. Alicia and Heitor had locked themselves in the room with a hangover. Rafa had thrown up in the entire bathroom and Flavia had taken care of them. Samuel had slept so much that he barely moved, making Tom need to check hourly if he was still alive. And he was.
Despite the pleasant atmosphere of the dinner, however, I noticed a certain tension between Samuel and Eloisa. They had sat side by side, but Samuel looked everywhere but at her and only spoke to her when it was extremely necessary. Eloisa didn't seem to notice, she was too busy talking to everyone else.
By Sunday, however, it had become obvious. Despite a sleepless night, Alicia attended church with her mother and Samuel. They seemed to have recovered from the hangover. When Eloisa went to sit with them as she always did, Alicia smiled. But Samuel's expression remained the same, he didn't even look at her. They sat side by side looking more distant than the Earth from Mars. The entire service barely exchanging three words.
After it ended, Eloisa came back to us with an evident tension on her shoulders. Even Mom had noticed because she asked if anything had happened. My sister just shook her head. Just as she was doing now.
“It's just your impression.” 
“So you are not the type of couple who talk a lot.”
Eloisa just snorted. When she didn't answer, I asked: “Will he be there today?” 
“Only later. He's working now in the morning.”
We were silent the rest of the way. I could see the wooden gate in the distance. We were arriving. Heitor had lent the gate's key to Eloisa. She pushed the button.
“Do you know the night I met your friends? I asked, breaking the silence.”
She nodded her head. 
“There's something Rafa said and I have been trying to understand since then. They said the group was made of a dyke, a bisexual and a transgender. They are transgender. Who is the dyke? And who is bisexual?”
Eloisa's eyes remained straight ahead, her hands tightened on the steering wheel. I took a deep breath. We got in through the gate. I sat up straight. Suddenly, the noise of the car's wheels against the gravel became very loud. I continued: “Only a woman can be a dyke...”
Eloisa's expression remained the same. 
“You date Samuel and.... And Flavia dated Samuel...”
Eloisa parked the car under the shade of a tree and braked. Through the window, I could see Tom, Rafa and Flavia playing with a shuttlecock in swimsuits.
“But one of you two has to be the dyke, right?”
Flavia was the first to notice that we had already arrived. She caught the shuttlecock in the air and pointed with her free hand at the car. Rafa and Tom followed her gaze. Eloisa continued to look ahead, completely expressionless.
“Who is it?”, I asked, quietly. I didn't want to, but I was afraid of the answer.
Eloisa finally turned to me. Her big eyes looked at me with determination and she didn't hesitate: 
“It's me.”
***
I got out of the car, slamming the door. I needed fresh air. I immediately regretted the short sleeve shirt I had chosen for today. The cold wind hit my arms, making me shiver from head to toe. I crossed my arms to keep warm.
Flavia's smile in the distance trembled when she saw me. Tom and Rafa looked at me, frowning. I heard a door slam behind me, but I didn't turn. Eloisa must have made a gesture for them, because concern crossed their expressions when they looked somewhere behind me. So they went inside the house.
The shuttlecock had been left on the floor next to the pool. I stared at the toy for a long moment.
“Everyone knows”, I said. 
Eloisa said nothing. 
“Rafa, Flavia, Tom and Samuel”, I mumbled. “Everybody knows.”
Then I turned to face her.
“Even Heitor and Alicia?”
Eloisa bit her lower lip and looked down. She also had her arms crossed.
“Didn't you think I would like to know?”, I asked.
She looked at me.
“You did pretty well without my help, finding out everything.”
“If it weren't for Rafa, I would have never guessed.”
She looked away at the floor. I swallowed hard, looking anywhere but at her.
“What did you think my reaction would be?”
“I didn't think you were going to be able to look me in the eye.”
I blinked and looked at her again, sadness covering her face.
“You lied to me. Everyone here knew. Your friends all knew. And I didn’t. Your sister.”
She just looked at me. I uncrossed my arms, the cold was gone.
“I told you everything. When things ended with Caio I told you everything. Everything you didn't know had happened this year that we spent apart. Even thinking about Caio makes me want to cry. And yet I shared everything with you. I told you every detail, I showed you where it hurt most, I broke down and allowed myself to be vulnerable. I thought I had you back. That we were close again. That you trusted me.”
Eloisa licked her lips, silent tears streamed down her face.
“I understand you didn't tell me a year ago”, I said, quietly. “Six months ago...”, I wanted to cry but the tears didn't come. “But after what happened with Caio... You had so much time to tell me ...”, I looked at the floor and crossed my arms again. “I thought at least I had you back.”
Eloisa said nothing and I walked away from her. I walked. And I walked. And I walked away until she was no more than a tiny dot on the grass.

Chapter 11
Not even half an hour later Tom decided to joined me. I was sitting on the grass, my back against the wall, my knees against my chest, just breathing and thinking. He sat next to me, crossing his legs.
“She was afraid”, that's all he said. 
I nodded slowly and stretched my legs. 
“I would have been, too”, I said. 
I was an idiot. And I was wrong.
Eloisa didn't have to tell me anything. But I should’ve made her comfortable enough so she would be able to tell me.
I had only thought of myself. But if I were in her place, I might have done the same thing. After all, our parents would never accept it. Kids know when their parentes are like that. Even I might’ve not accepted it a year ago.
Today, I just wanted to start over with Eloisa. I just wanted the relationship we had three years ago. When she told me everything. When we did everything together. When she was my best friend.
I got up. I had to fix this mess. I turned to Tom.
“Are you coming with me?”
***
I opened the door of the house so hard that the wood made a huge noise against the wall. Flavia and Rafa were lying on the sofa, almost falling off it. The ligth hit the furniture, highlighting Flavia's blond hair and the sparkling pink of Rafa's silky locks. They straightened up their backs when they saw me.
“Where's Eloisa?”, I asked, shooting in, Tom following me.
Flavia took out a paper bill from her pocket and handed it to Rafa. Then she rolled her eyes at me.
“Why do you want to know?”, she asked, leaning back on the sofa again.
“Upstairs!”, Rafa spoke at the same time, checking the money.
Flavia punched Rafa in the arm.
“Ouch!”
“What's wrong with you?”
Immediately, I ran up the stairs, my feet stomping the wood.
“She wants to apologize, don't you see?”, I heard Rafa defend themselves downstairs.
I faced the corridor in front of me. All the doors were closed. I swallowed hard before walking towards Samuel's room. My first attempt. I knocked on the door.
“Eloisa?”
I felt someone moving inside and exhaled, relieved. My sister opened the door and I hugged her instantly. I felt her body stiffen, but I didn't move away.
“I don't care if you like girls, boys, or anyone”, I said, I felt her relax in my arms. “You didn't have to tell me. You didn’t owe me anything”, I pulled away to face her. Her hand was still on the doorknob, her eyes watched me closely. “It’s okay that you were afraid. I would have been too.”
Eloisa sighed and shook her head. 
“You have no idea how many times I tried to tell you. But I always lost the nerve or someone would come in and I couldn't. And I couldn't tell you at home because Mom and Dad could hear and ...”
“It's OK. Really. I understand.”
She bit her bottom lip, frowning. 
“You understand why I had to pretend that Samuel was my boyfriend, right?”
I blinked. I still hadn't thought about that part.
“Actually, that part you will have to explain to me.”
Her lips quivered upward. I returned the smile. She pulled me into the room and closed the door. Then she sat on the edge of the bed and patted the mattress. I sat next to her.
“I have a girlfriend”, she said. I raised my eyebrows in shock. “Her name is Barbara”, completed.
“I think I've heard that name before.”
‘Tom mentioned her the night you met everyone. She is on vacation with her parents.”
“Ok... How long have you been together?”
“One year and three months.”
“Got it. You started dating before I moved.”
Eloisa nodded. 
“A bit before. You know... I don't belive our parents' religion since the first year of college.”
I nodded. It was around that time that we started to move away. My faith was stronger than ever and she couldn’t have been more distant.
“I was always like this, Lydia, but for the first time I allowed myself to experiment and... It was as if a switch turned in my head. I thought, “Oh, that's why I'm like this”. I know is a big cliche but all the pieces fit together. Finally it all made sense! So I wanted to explore more of the things I didn't know. I wanted to drink until later, meet other people, other places, travel... you know that person who, when you’re talking to, starts to tell all these stories and you find yourself amezed, thinking: “how is this person still alive?”, “how does every time they leave their house they have an adventure?”
I nodded vehemently. There was a guy at university just like that. I whished I was at least one bit as interesting as he was. Eloisa laughed.
“There is so much freedom in being like that. I wanted so much to be that person. I want to be that person”, determination appeared on her eyes. “I will be that person.”
I nodded. If there was anyone who could do anything on the basis of willpower, it was Eloisa.
“Only... You know... When our parents realized that I was deviating from the faith...”
I nodded my head. They started using the fact that they payed for her university as a form of coercion. If she didn't want to go to church: “you live under my roof, under my orders. If not, I'll take your education away.” If she came home late: “I'm going stop paying for university”. If she wanted to travel with friends: “you will not leave. As long as you live under my roof you will follow my orders. If you don't obey me, say goodbye to university”.
At the time, I was so attached to my faith that I thought what they were doing was right. She was deviating from the “ways of God”, after all. They needed to do what they did to keep her alive. She was their daughter, she owed obedience.
But at what cost? Eloisa would never trust our parents. She would never feel heard at home. That atitude sended her away from them. Someday they would have to face the facts. Their daughter would go her own way. And there would be nothing that could be done to prevent it.
“So I had an idea”, she continued. “My parents have control over me because I am financially dependent of them. So, I needed money. I did everything. I sold candy on the street, sandwiches in college, my books, half of my wardrobe, I walked dogs, I did interships in the most unlikely places on earth, I sold essays... I even gave private lessons in physics and chemistry.”
I blinked. 
“Physics and chemistry?”
I knew about private lessons. I didn't know the subjects. Unlike me, she had always hated these two. Eloisa's lips quivered upward.
“Never doubt my determination, little sister.”
I returned the smile. I had never doubted it. She turned completely towards me, crossing her leg on the bed.
“Why you have done all that?”, I asked. I had seen my sister do it all, without ever questioning the reason behind it.
“Because I need money if I want to move out.”
I blinked. I thought of everything. That she was crazy about money, that she wanted to buy her own clothes, that she couldn't stand to do nothing... but that?
“And are you going to?”
She denied with her head. Maybe I shouldn't have been, but I was relieved.
“Not yet. There is six months of college to go. I have no way to afford it and I need to finish it if I want a job.”
I nodded, slowly. 
“What does all this have to do with Samuel?”
“Do you remember my first boyfriend? Marcelo?”
“My God! right! You dated a boy! Jesus, that feels out of this world now.”
Eloisa laughed. 
“It’s absurd, isn’t it? Who let that happen?”
I laughed. They had dated for three years until the end of their senior year in high school. The boy's university was in another state, so he moved.
“Do you remember how Mom and Dad thought I was going to marry the boy? We were together for three years. Even I thought so. He was from church, remember? Dad and Mom loved his family. They loved him. Before I started dating Barbara, I remembered at the time, we were waiting “in Christ” according to everyone. We sat at the back of the church holding hands and most of the time just talked about the Bible and what God wanted for us” she rolled her eyes. “Anyway. Did I ever tell you that he came out as gay on social media?”
I opened my eyes wide. 
“NO!”
“It’s true!”
“For real?”
“You have no idea how much it makes sense.”
“And does he know about you?”
“No. We don't talk anymore. I found out looking for him on the internet. Anyway, that's not why I'm talking about him. Since everyone thought that our relationship was holy and believed that we were going to get married and blablabla... Dad and Mom started to act like I was already engaged. As if I was already his. You may not remember, but they acted as if they had already married off one of the daughters. They used to let me go anywhere with him and his family.”
“How did you manage to convince Samuel? And why him?”
“You had already moved when Samuel started going to church. His grandmother is very religious and needy, so she kind of blackmails him and his mother to go with her. She still hopes that she'll be able to convert them both or whatever. I started to sit next to Samuel and Dad and Mom were getting curious about our relationship. I introduced Samuel and his family and they loved them. And you already know, it is impossible to hate Alicia. So I started going to places saying that I was with Samuel. Most of the time, I was. Since... you know? He is in my friend group. Sometimes I asked Samuel to come up and greet my parents. He did. When I realized that my parents were falling in love with him, I begged Samuel to date me.”
“Why did he accept?”
“It was not easy. I had to insist a lot. Samuel always turned it down until Rafa lost patience and told him that it was his duty as a straight man to help out, since he was in a position of privilege. Historical reparation, they said. Rafa told him that I couldn't even hold hands with my girlfriend on the street and said that if they were in Samuel's place, they would do it without hesitation.”
“Rafa is an icon.” 
Eloisa smiled.
“I know.”
“So he accepted after that?”
Eloisa's smile grew. 
“If there's one thing about Samuel that you need to know, Lydia, it's that he always listens to Rafa.”

Chapter 12
The entrance door opened and Tibia and Femur invaded the room. Samuel closed the door.
“They were dying to come in”, he said, taking off his coat and dropping it on the kitchen conter. “Tomorrow we need to clean the house, it's dirty like a...”, he lifted his head and narrowed his eyes. “Why are you all looking at me like that?”
“I told everyone, Samuel”, Flavia spoke, her head down. 
Tibia and Femur became quiet, seeming to notice the tension in the environment. Samuel frowned.
“What did you tell?”, he tried to seek clarity in Rafa's face, but they didn't look him in the eyes. Then he looked at Tom, but he was already glaring at him furiously, arms crossed against his chest.
Eloisa was crying with her hands over her face. I turned to Samuel, the rage in my eyes piercing him.
“What's your problem?!”, I fired. “Cheating on Eloisa with her best friend?”
“What?!”, he tried to meke eye contact with Flavia.
“I told them about our conversations”, Flavia said.
Samuel seemed to understand the seriousness of the situation, as his eyes widened. Eloisa removed her hands from her face and looked away at the window, crossing her arms over her chest. Silent tears began to go down her face. I put my hands on her shoulders to comfort her.
“I was about to tell them that you kissed me”, Flavia said. It must have been true, because Samuel blinked. Once. Twice. His lips opened, but nothing came out. Eloisa gasped. Me too. Flavia looked away to the floor again, guilty.
Rafa did not look surprised. They looked at Samuel, shaking their head, disappointment overflowing their eyes. “I expected much more from you”, said. 
Samuel's eyes went from Rafa to Flavia. Then they jumped to Tom, still furious. After they turned to a devastated Eloisa and finally to me, angry.
A low laugh escaped his throat. Samuel pressed the bone between his eyes and started to show a smile. Then he let his hands fall from his face and finally smiled at all of us.
“You almost got me”, he said.
I rolled my eyes. Eloisa smiled, wiping away the theatrical tears. Tom uncrossed his arms and sat on the rug. Flavia sighed and threw herself on the sofa. Rafa pointed to Flavia.
“It's all your fault.”
“My fault?”
“Did you have to be so dramatic?”
“Wasn't that the point?”
“It should have been more realistic!”
“How about next time we say he cheated on Eloisa with you?”
“I bet I could have been more convincing”, he said, taking a seat next to Tom. 
Flavia rolled her eyes. Samuel came closer laughing softly. Eloisa and I threw ourselves on the sofa next to Flavia. Tibia and Femur laid down next to Tom and Rafa and were presented with caresses on the head. Samuel crossed his arms behind his head and smiled, looking out the window.
The sun's rays hit his body, brightening his white shirt and obscuring some points of his jeans where the light didn't reach. Hot guy. Then he turned to me.
“So you already know?”
I nodded, slowly. Flavia smiled, capturing Samuel's attention.
“You owe me ten bucks”, she said, showing her palm.
“So I'm decieved, humiliated, accused and I still have to pay you?”
Her expression remained the same.
“You didn't get decieved.”
Samuel rolled his eyes and pulled out his wallet. Rafa looked at me and said:
“Never, under any circumstances, refuse to pay a bet between us.”
Samuel handed the bill to Flavia and then threw himself on the sofa next to her. She tried to check the bill, but his arms hugged her, making it difficult. I raised my eyebrows at Rafa.
“Why?”
Tibia laid her head on Rafa's thigh. She licked her lips when they started to caress her belly.
“It ruins the fun”, Rafa said. “And bad things happen.”
“Like what?”
They smiled. 
“Oh, you might get thrown in the pool.”
“How did you find out?”, Samuel asked, releasing Flavia.
“Who do you think spilled the beans?”, Eloisa said. “Rafa, of course.”
Samuel's eyes widened.
“Rafa told her?”
Rafa was suddenly very interested in the rug.
“Rafa said that the group was made up of a dyke, a bisexual and a transgender”, I said. I shrugged my shoulders. “Only a woman can be a lesbian, so it was either Flavia or Eloisa.”
“Didn’t you ever suspect?”
I was about to shake my head but I thought about it. Eloisa looked at me, waiting for my answer.
“There were signs”, I said. “But I spent most of my life ignoring some of them. So it was not impossible.”
“Wait. So you figured it out yourself?”, Samuel asked.
I nodded my head. Tom looked at Samuel.
“You owe me 10 bucks”, he declared.
Samuel grunted, pulling his wallet out of his pocket again. 
“I don't believe I’m out there working to put money in your hands”, he murmured.
Rafa laughed softly at Samuel's misfortune. Samuel handed Tom the Money who smiled at him in return. Samuel rested his back on the sofa and sighed.
“Who is the bisexual in the group?”, I asked.
Flavia, beside Eloisa, raised her hand. 
“That’s me.”
I nodded.
“Okay. So everything is out.”
The room fell into comfortable silence. The sun's rays falling on me, Eloisa, Flavia and Samuel leaning on the sofa. Tom and Rafa caressed Tibia and Femur, in front of us, against the light.
“So...”, Samuel spoke first after a few minutes. “What's for dinner?”

Chapter 13
I don't think I've ever had such a good vacation in my life. 
In previous years, my sister and I were always dragged to our grandparents' house, condemned to spend July in a city that we didn't have friends. This year, it didn't happen because our parents were unable to take a vacation on the same days. Our father was still at home, bothering us with his ignorant political views, but our mother, fortunately, was still at work.
It was almost the middle of break when I realized that the hours didn’t just go by, they ran. They turned into days and the days turned into weeks.
Eloisa and I had fallen into a comfortable routine. We went to the country house every other day in order not to upset our parents. Although they liked to act like we didn't intend to go back home. Most of the time we didn't want to, but unfortunately we did.
In addition, since gasoline does not come cheap, we opted for the days when the group seemed most excited, which generally coincided with the days Samuel was not working. If we thought our gasoline expeses were too much, I couldn’t imagine Samuel’s, who wasn’t sleeping at home, only at the country house.
Me: where are you?
I texted Eloisa. She immediately read the message. I waited. And waited. And I waited. She did not answer. I rolled my eyes.
She had gone to college to meet her teachers and sort out some details about her paper while I was going downtown to buy jeans. We had agreed to meet after we were done and go to the coutry house.
Eloisa finally started typing. 
Eloisa: I won't be able to go this morning, my advisor cornered me. 
I sighed. 
Me: what am I going to do, then?
Eloisa: Samuel is downtown. 
Eloisa: he went to the supermarket. 
Eloisa: send a message and ask if he can take you. I'll go there when I'm done here and we'll be back together.
At least I had my backpack. I least i didn’t leave it in the car with Eloisa.
Me: text him for me.
Eloisa: why?
Me: we’re not that close.
Eloisa: (emoji rolling her eyes). 
Eloisa: Okay. 
I sat on a park bench and waited. Five minutes later my phone vibrated with a notification.
Samuel: need a ride?
I automatically tense up. It was our first direct message exchange.
Me: yes !!
Me: if you don't mind.
Samuel: where are you?
Me: town square.
Samuel: how about meeting me at the supermarket?
I confirmed it and he texted me the address. It took me less than twenty minutes to get there. He had asked me to wait at the door so I did. Five minutes later, he pulled up. Samuel got out of the car and walked towards me. He was wearing a T-shirt, jeans and sweatshirt.
“It looks like a tractor ran over you”, I said.
He just looked at me, inexpressive.
“It's good to know that I can always count on you to raise my self esteem”, he said putting the hood over his head as we entered the supermarket. The security guard scowled and Samuel lowered his hood.
He rolled his eyes when we walked in. I decided to be quiet, he was clearly in a bad mood. Samuel took a cart and I followed him. The supermarket was practically empty. We were in the dairy section when he turned.
“Want to put the backpack here?”, he asked.
I blinked. Oh, sure. I nodded and put a backpack on the cart, relieving my shoulders of the weight. He picked up some items and we kept shopping.
“Tomato Sauce?”, I asked, taking a can.
Samuel was looking the other way.
“Samuel?”
He blinked. Then he shook his head.
“Sorry, I'm really tired.”
“Did you not sleep very well?”
He nodded. Then he rubbed his eyes with his hands.
“Can you send a message and ask Flavia what I have to buy?”, he asked, letting his hands fall from his face.
“Why? You aren't talking to each other?”
“What? No. I just... I think I'm being the worst person in the world to talk to right now, right?”
“You need a cup of coffee.”
“I hate coffee.”
I raised my eyebrows. He frowned.
“Stop judging me.”
“I can’t avoid it. You need to stay awake, but you don't drink coffee.”
“Energy drink!”, he said, as if a light bulb had been lit over his head. He turned the cart around and started walking in another direction. I followed him.
“Doesn’t that couse canser?”, I asked.
“What doesn’t?”
“Good point.”
Then he stopped and took four cans of energy drink and put it in the cart. 
“Are you going to drink all this?”
“I feel like I'm going to need it. Have you already sent a message to Flavia?”
I blinked before lifting my cell phone out of my pocket.
“Are you sure you don't want to send it yourself?”
“Is there a problem with you doing it?”
“None, I just thought you were together.”
I typed a message to Flavia and sent it. 
After she had told everyone that they had kissed, the interactions between the two had become strange. In the following days, they hugged more, whispered more, disappeared together more often... I had never seen the two of them kiss, but I showed up every other day and left before dark. However, a few days ago they started to act more distant.
Samuel blinked. 
“Oh no. We are not.”
I hesitated.
“But you wanted to”, I said. 
He turned completely towards me, supporting his forearm on the cart. He looked at me for a long moment before saying: “Where are you going with this?”
“Didn’t you?”
“It's complicated.”
“And isn't it always?”
He shook his head slowly before answering: 
“No. It should be easy.”
“Was it last time?”
“Last time?”, he asked, frowning.
“The last time you were together... The last time you were in love.”
“Do you always suck people into these deep conversations at nine in the morning?”
I laughed and started walking. He followed me.
“If you don't want to talk about it then...”
“I don’t.”
“What do you want to talk about?”, I glanced at him.
“Spices”, he said, stopping in front of a shelf and reaching for a bag of paprika. 
My cell phone vibrated in my hand and I looked down and opened the notification. 
“She replied”, I said. 
“What did she say?”
“She send a list.”
Samuel snorted. 
“Well, that’s very like her”, he said, before positioning himself behind me to read the message. “Great. She just sent an Odyssey that would make Homer die of envy.”
“Come on, It's not that much stuff.”
He took out his cell phone. 
“Forward me the list. Let's split. I don’t want to be here all day.”
“Your good mood is contagious”, I said, before doing what was asked. 
Samuel's lips curved upward. 
“That's because you haven’t seen me after a good night of sleep.”
I saw on my phone that he had received and read the message.
“Who ever fineshes first wins.” 
Samuel looked up from his cell phone and frowned. 
“How old do you think I am?”
I smiled.
“Twenty two?”
He rested his forearm on the cart again and looked at me. My smile grew under his attention.
“You don't know who you're messing with, girl.”
“You will never find a better opponent than me.”
His face got closer to mine, he continued to look at me. Probably trying to scare me. Then he straightened up and turned to the shelf beside him.
“I won't give in to your little game”, he said. 
He pretended disinterest very badly. 
“I bet I finish first.”
It didn't take long for me to realize that between Samuel and his friends, bet was the magic word. He turned to me again.
“You are not allowed to bet yet.”
“You guys only make bets on someone else’s actions. This bet is about us.”
It worked. 
“If that's the case”, he said, putting his forearm back on the cart, bringing his face closer to mine. Our eyes met and his lips curved in a mischievous smile. “I'm listening.”

Chapter 14
I obviously won. 
Samuel and I crossed out the items on the list that he had already picked up, shared the remaining items equally, and I took another cart. When the clock struck 9:15 am we practically ran in opposite directions after the items.
Less than ten minutes later, a crazy eyed Samuel, met me at checkout. I waved with a huge smile. He rolled his eyes, but the corners of his lips stubbornly lifted in a smile. I was insufferable. When he approached, I started to slightly move my body in a discreet little dance and cast victory glances at him. He snorted and rolled his eyes, but I only stopped when he asked me a third time. He seemed to be enjoying himself.
“I don't think you will need the energy drinks anymore”, I said, pushing my cart into the parking lot. 
Samuel was in front of me, pushing another one. He turned his head to look at me over his shoulder.
“You know that nobody can know about our little bet, right?”
“Why?”
“Rafa will kill us and feed the vultures with our dead bodies.”
“I thought Rafa was a better person than all of us.”
Samuel stoped the cart in front of the trunk of his car and I stopped beside him. He smiled at me. 
“They were not the one who made a bet with another person who is not part of the group”, said.
He opened the trunk and started putting the bags in. I placed my backpack in the front passenger seat before starting to do the same with the food on my cart.
“What is your guys’ thing with betting?”
Samuel shrugged.
“We started doing this when everyone started working. It's our thing. I can't say or explain how it started. But we don't necessarily spend a lot of money on betting. We bet a lot and the value is always the same, what happens most often is the bills switch from one hand to the other. Without actually being spent.”
Samuel put the last bags in the trunk and pulled the cart away to help me finish unloading mine.
“Is there no one among you guys who loses the most?”
Samuel shook his head. We finished putting the last bags in the car.
“As you said, we always bet on ourselves. And we know each other very well”, he straightened up, his hand reaching for the door above us. I backed up. “Actually, that’s why Rafa doesn't want us to include you in the game. You still don't know us well enough.”
“Considerate of you”, I said before he closed the door with a low thud. 
Samuel smiled at me. I looked away, took our carts and led them to the corner of the parking lot. When I returned, Samuel was already in the car. I barely had gotten in when Samuel held out a ten-dollar bill for me. I blinked, sat down, closed the door and looked at him.
“We didn't bet for money.”
“Then for what?”
“We bet for the simple glory of winning. Not for money.”
He raised his eyebrows.
“Bet for the glory of winning? Who does that?”
I crossed my arms. He continued to offer the money.
“I will not accept.” 
“That's how it works, Lydia. Remember what Rafa said about not paying a bet?”
“They can't even know we made one.”
“Those are the rules of the game.”
“Samuel, I will not accept your money.”
He rolled his eyes, the corner of his lips twitching slightly upward.
“You will bet with me next time and I will recover the money. Take it.”
I hesitated for a moment. But I saw the persistence in his eyes, so I took the it, silently grateful that he was offering me another opportunity to interact with him.
Samuel started the car, glancing at me and we pulled out of the parking lot. I buckled my seat belt. He turned the wheel and I noticed the silver glow in his hand.
“It must have been difficult”, I said. 
Samuel glanced at me before asking:
“What?”
“Lying to everyone. Saying to the entire city you were Eloisa's boyfriend.”
Then he realized where I was looking, at the silver relationship ring on his ring finger. He looked away and cleared his throat before signaling and making a turn.
“It wasn't exactly easy.”
“I admire you. For doing that.”
He blinked.
“You... admire me?”, he spoke, raising his eyebrows, as if he was in front of a gazelle and feared it would be frightened.
I nodded. 
“Even if you don't like me very much, I...”
“Wait. Do you think I don't like you?”, he stopped at the red light and looked at me like he was trying to read a book in an incomprehensible foreign language.
“Well ... That was my first impression....”
Samuel shook his head. 
“Did I give the impression that I didn't like you?”
I shrugged my shoulders. 
“I thought it was the case, you didn't interact directly with me, you barely looked me in the eye and ... I don't know. It was my impression. After dinner you got weird too. With me and with Eloisa.”
The light turned green and he changed his attention back to traffic. 
“About the dinner, I confess I was uncomfortable with your being there because I still needed to be careful around you. After dinner it was different. There was a moment when you seemed to judge me about the way I looked at Flavia. But you didn't know the true nature of my relationship with your sister, so I couldn't blame you. Then, I was angry with Eloisa for taking so long to tell you.”
“Oh.”
Samuel signal the left and we entered the highway. He glanced at me.
“After everything became clear I didn't seem to treat you badly or anything, did I?” 
I shook my head. He didn’t. Since then, we had barely stayed togeher in the same room, actually. He was always with Flavia or paying attention to her.
“Can I ask you something?”
Samuel looked at the rearview mirror before answering:
“I'm listening.”
“What made you help my sister?”
He was quiet for a moment. 
“Rafa. When I refused, they scolded me and said they would do it for Eloisa if they were in my place”, his eyes were completely focused on the traffic ahead. He put his free hand in gear. “So I wondered if I would have done it for Rafa. And the answer was obvious, I would’ve. So I did it for Eloisa.”
I nodded. 
“You two are really close.”
“He's my oldest friend. Older than Flavia.”
“When did you meet?”
“Me and Rafa? In elementary school.”
“What about you and Flavia?”
He frowned. 
“Now you got me.”
“Do you not remember?”
Samuel sighed. 
“Let me think... We started dating at... fourteen?”
I blinked.
“Fourteen?”
I was still playing with my Barbie at fourteen. Samuel seemed to read my thoughts because he laughed.
“Fourteen. I'm sure. I think we met two years before...”
“You met Rafa in the delivery room then.”
He laughed again. 
“Exactly”, he said. 
“How long did you and Flavia date?”
“Five years.”
“Five years?”
“Are you going to repeat everything I say?”
A low chuckle escaped my throat. I could see the wooden gate in the distance. I crossed my legs and looked at Samuel.
“And you still don't think those five years with her were enough?”, I asked.
He was serious for a minute.
“Actually, yes.”
 I blinked. So why did he seem to want to go back together?
“Oh really?”
Samuel cleared his throat and compressed his fingers around the steering wheel. 
“We broke up for a reason. Today that reason no longer exists, but it does not mean that we should be together.”
“Why did you break up?”
“We went off to college and she wanted to have sex with other people.”
I opened my eyes wide. He laughed.
“Oh really?”
Samuel nodded, the smile on his face softening, but still there. He got out the gate control and pushed a button.
“We started dating very young, you know? We were each others first. She wanted to open the relationship, but I didn't think I could do it, so we broke up. Today I think it was worth it. There was so much I couldn't do when I was dating...”
“Like what?”
He sighed. 
“When I was in high school my mother offered to pay for an student exchange program for me.”
I opened my eyes wide. It was literally my dream to have an opportunity like that.
“And you didn't go?”, I asked, as if he told me he shot birds for fun.
The gate opened and we drove in. Samuel shook his head, looking embarrassed.
“I didn’t go. My biggest regret so far.”
“Why?”
He sighed. 
“I was a seventeen-year-old kid”, he said, as if he was talking about something disgusting that had grown inside his shoe. “I thought that the distance would hinder our relationship.”
I covered my face with my hands. If I had been in his shoes, I certainly would have done differently.
“I know”, Samuel said, pushing the brake and parking the car. I took my hands off my face to look at him. He laughed. “I know it was a shity choice, you don't need to crucify me, okay? Show a little mercy.”
Before I could answer, he unbuckled his belt and got out of the car. I did the same and joined him in front of the car. Samuel raised his hands in front of his face like a megaphone and shouted: “Wake up, guys!”, then took a breath. “Bring your asses over here and come get the groceries before they rot!”
Immediately, Flavia appeared at the door with a frown. Tom appeared behind, to see what was going on.
Samuel started walking towards the house and I followed him. Flavia and Tom started walking down the steps.
“Aren’t we going help them?”, I asked.
“Not at all”, Samuel said.
Flavia made a face when we passed her. Samuel responded with a wink and a mocking smile. Tom just went ahead. Samuel pushed the button on the car keys and the doors open.
I stopped by the pool and watched Flavia and Tom start taking the bags out of the car. Samuel went into the house. I was about to go help them when Samuel returned, at the height of his maturity, drinking from a juice box through the straw. He smiled at me and handed me a similar box. I smiled, embarrassed and accepted. Rafa left the house, rolling their eyes at us and started walking towards the car.
“Don't you think we better go help?”
Samuel laughed, taking the straw out of his mouth.
“Not at all”, he said. “I was forced to drive alone to the supermarket. We’ve already done the shopping, now they have to carry and put the food away.”
I pierced the juice box with the straw, and Samuel threw himself on the lounger, arm behind his head. I sat on the lounger next to his, watching Tom and Flavia with the groceries walk up again towards home.
I laughed watching the pleased expression on Samuel's face. His gaze met mine, he took the straw out of his mouth and extended his arm with the juice in hand for a toast. I touched my juice box to his before sucking on the straw. Samuel smiled at me and my heart skipped a beat. He stretched, closing his eyes, the sunlight hitting on his face.
“Now I'm in a good mood”, he said. 
Rafa didn't hear it, but they might’ve. Carrying the bags from the supermarket, they walked passed us, showing their middle finger.
I laughed out loud.

Chapter 15
With my mom working and my family not spending the month at my grandparents' house, I thought I would be able to escape a family gathering this vacation. 
How wrong was I. 
“Want to come with us?”, Eloisa asked. My cousins watched my expression.
They were probably thinking that I was not enjoying their company. Well... I wasn't.
We were at the amusement park. For some reason, our parents thought it would be a good idea to bring two of our uncles with their spouses who had come to visit us with their adult children to a noisy, crowded, small and old location. The instant I stepped foot in the park, I remembered why I hadn't been there since I was ten.
I shook my head. 
“I'm going to buy myself a hot dog”, I said. “Do you want one?”
Eloisa frowned at the line behind me. 
“I’d for sure get sick if a ate that.”
“After the roller coaster then?”
Eloisa looked away from me. 
“With or without the roller coaster, I’d for sure get sick if a ate that.”
I shrugged my shoulders. I was starving.
“I think it's worth the risk.”
“Your life to live it dangerously. Not mine. See you soon!”, she waved and disappeared into the crowd, with my cousins at her heels.
Eloisa liked them. I did not. I had heard too many sexist comments coming out of the two women's mouths to make me interested in bonding. Eloisa said that ignoring someone was not the way to change their perception of the world. I said that I cared too much about my sanity at the moment to try to change anybody’s perception of the world.
I waited in line for the hot dog and spotted Samuel with his hands in his pockets, next to my two cousins looking at the ferris wheel. He came as my sister's boyfriend. If you asked me, he was the only pleasing thing to the eyes in that place.
After our conversation in the car, things had improved between us. He would sit closer to me, talk to me more often and direct more jokes at me. It seemed that everything had been resolved and I was satisfied with the way things were. Maybe I shouldn't, but I was also pleased with the new distance between him and Flavia.
They still hugged, talked and joked with each other, but it seemed more friendly than anything. I definitely had nothing against Flavia. She was beautiful, smart and funny. I only wanted for her the best, but something inside wished that the best was not to being with Samuel.
I hated that part of me so much. I hated the idea that I was creating any feelings for anyone. I felt like those silly twelve-year-old girls who wrote the crush's name in a notebook inside of a heart drawing.
There was something about being interested in someone that made you vulnerable. It was certainly because of the expectation. You find a person physically attractive, you begin to observe them more often and when you realize you are cultivating fantasies about that person. What does he think of a this? How would he react to that? Then you start creating a lot of assumptions in your head. If that person does not correspond at all with your ideas, he is automatically discarded. If that person corresponds even a little bit, the interest remains.
I honestly had already imagined having two beautiful children with Samuel, a house with a pool, a dog, a cat, a networth of two hundred thousand bucks and a dramatic divorce after ten years of a lot romance and then two following years of torture.
I hated creating expectations, but it was involuntary. I was wondering if I was the only one who had this problem.
The line walked and I took my hot dog, wondering why I hadn't heard Eloisa. I was gathering some the courage to open my mouth and eat a piece when I saw Samuel walking towards me.
“Want to get out of here?”, he asked.
I blinked. 
“And go where?”
He looked both ways before answering: “Your cousin won't get away from me.” 
“Which one? Attila or Carlos.”
“Carlos.”
Carlos had the irritating habit of sticking to a person like glue and asking them inconvenient questions. Attila had brought his girlfriend, blowing Carlos off to find another victim.
“Where do you want to go?”, I asked.
Samuel nodded to the exit and started walking towards the gate. I followed him. He wore jeans and a jacket over his gray T-shirt. He looked over his shoulder all the time to check if I was still following or if he found any sign of Carlos who could come out of anywhere and scare him.
Samuel stopped suddenly and I almost ran into his back. He turned and faced me.
“Is that thing good?”, he asked.
I looked at the hot dog.
“I still didn't have the courage to taste it.”
“It doesn't look very good.”
I sighed. 
“I think I threw six bucks in the trash.”
“Six bucks for that?”
“Want a bite?”
He frowned. 
“Give it to me.” 
I held it out and he took the hot dog. He had barely finished chewing when he put a hand over his mouth and spat. I made a face. He returned the hot dog to me before throwing the piece that he couldn't swallow in the trash next to us and wiping his hands with his napkin.
“I advise not eating it”, he said.
I threw the hot dog in the trash and smiled. 
“I believe you.”
“You're welcome.”
I sighed. 
“What do you want to do?”, I asked. I was still starving.
He pointed to a store across the street. 
“How about an açaí?”
I nodded and we crossed the street. I got a big bowl for me and so did he. Inside the establishment was so full that we decided to sit on the sidewalk. I closed my legs tightly, torturing myself for choosing such a short dress. Samuel looked at my legs, noticing my discomfort. He set the pot of açaí on the sidewalk beside him and started taking off his coat.
“Do you want my coat?”
I signaled no with my head.
“I'm not cold.”
He smiled and put the jacket over my lap. 
“There”, he said.  “Now you can sit more comfortably.”
I must have turned red. 
“Thank you”, I said. 
He nodded and we started to eat our açaí. I tried not to look at him too much. Although i couldn’t help the part of me that noticed everything he did. He propped his elbows on his knees, chewing slowly and looking at the traffic ahead of us.
“You must be finding it awful to spend the night here”, I said, breaking the uncomfortable silence between us.
Samuel looked away from the stars, looked at me and smiled. 
“Except for Carlos, I don't have much to complain about my company.”
I returned the smile. 
“What kind of inconvenient question did he ask you?
“Oh, so this is something he does with everyone?”
“Nobody escapes.”
“And here I was thinking I was special”.
I smiled. Samuel let his gaze fall on the açaí pot, the silver ring shined on his finger.
“He kept pestering me wanting to know my origin. I told him I'm adopted, but he kept insisting...”
“What is your origin?”, I said, jokenly. I immediately regretted it, I was really curious, but I realized that he might not understand it as a joke.
Against my fears, Samuel laughed. 
“I don’t know. Biological son of black mother and Asian father? Or the reverse? My hair is not curly either... I don't know.”
“A light-skinned black mother too. Or the reverse.”
Samuel sighed. 
“I couldn’t care less.”
“Aren't you even a little curious?”
He shook his head. 
“My mother's name is Alicia. She is blonde with blue eyes. Completely different from me, but it's my mom. Whoever gave birth to me is just my progenitor.”
I nodded.
“I wished I was as close to my mother as you are to yours.” 
“It wasn't always like that, you know? I was always very grateful to her and everything. She has an open mind and has always been sympathetic to me during my teenage years. She should be put on a pedestal just because of that, i mean, between us, who tolerates teenagers? I never had to hide anything. She always supported my decisions, including Eloisa. But... we have had a lot of disagreements in this life.”
“Why?”
He sighed. 
“Heitor.” 
“Isn't he your father?”
“Well... No.” 
“I don't understand anything anymore.” 
Samuel sighed. I crossed my legs, feeling mor comfortable with his jacket covering my lap. He left the empty plastic bowl on the sidewalk and turned to me.
“Heitor was always present during my childhood. He's like a father to me, but I don't call him that. He and my mom have been best friends forever, but they've been much more than that several times. I honestly don't even know what came first, their friendship or the complicated relationship they have.”
“Wait”, I was getting more and more confused with their relationship. “They are together?”
Samuel smiled.
“That confused expression of yours is basically me for most of my teenage years.”
“They are not together then?”
“Not today. They ended about three years ago. It is a relationship full of comings and goings. It has been like this since I understand myself as a person. They've dated, broken up, got back and got engaged a dozen times, but...”
“Oh they’ve been engaged?”
Samuel nodded. 
“When I was a child.” Samuel continued: “Before, I hated their relationship. One day I came home and they were more in love than ever, they acted as if the three of us were a beautiful happy family whose only concern was which bachelor degree I would take in the future. The following week, they had officially ended and refused to acknowledge each other's existence, except when it came to me. I was the only reason they talked during those weeks. That was literally my entire adolescence.”
“It must not have been easy.”
“In my opinion, adolescence is the worst phase of human life. The hormones, the pressure from all sides for me to study and choose a profession that, in theory, I would do for the rest of my life, made everything much worse.”
“Do you feel the same way today?”
Samuel shook his head. I left my plastic bowl by my side on the sidewalk and looked at him again.
“Today, I see the relationship differently”, he said. “The bond they have is very beautiful, despite the comings and goings. He was on my mother's side at every stage of her life, always supporting her. He supported her when she decided to stop practicing Medicine, against the family's whishes; when she decided to start her own business, he even invested money in her business; supported her when I got into the equation, took care of me in times when she had no one to leave me with... Till this day he belives every crazy idea that goes through her head, and was always present in her difficult moments...”
“They sound perfect together.”
“I wish. They are a mess, they are unstable, self-reliant, stubborn, with a strong personality... for these reasons they have never been able to date for more than two years. But they love each other and are each other's company.”
“Would you like to have a relationship like that?”
“My biggest fear is having a relationship like that.”
I raised my eyebrows. The corners of his lips twitched upward.
“Look, I'm their child. I am like them, I am also wild, self-sufficient, stubborn, I also have a strong personality... sometimes I feel as if I have been following the same path.”
“Towards a strong relationship. At least, that's what it looks like to me according to what you described.”
“It is a strong relationship, but at the same time it seems to be a volatile, unstable relationship. I think if there’s anything I’d look for in a relationship it would be security. These comings and goings... over time they hurt. Every disappointment. And at each turn an expectation is created. It is always this cycle and it is always exhausting. Always wears you off. A relationship made up of multiple disappointments and expectations does not seem to be simple, it does not seem to be easy. I've spent part of my life freaking out internally watching that, imagine if I were to live it.”
“They never dated other people?”
“Sometimes. Heitor has even been married. Twice.”
“Wow.”
Samuel laughed at my reaction.
“My mother hated his first wife. The woman was so jealous of his relationship with my mother and did not understand the bond that Heitor and I had built, even though we’re not blood. It was hell at the times. It seemed like a soap opera, the woman did everything to disturb my mother and keep the two of them apart. When Heitor realized, he got divorced.”
“Wow.”
“I know”, his smile remained there. “At the time, he even got back with my mother and I thought: now is for real.”
“And it wasn't.”
“And it wasn't. They broke up a year or so later.”
“And the second marriage?”
“Oh! That marriage I was sad that was over.”
I raised my eyebrows.
“The woman was simply an angel”, he said. “She was a realy sweet person. Fair and patient like Jesus.”
I laughed.
“It’s true”, he continued. “She loved me, and my mother. Always helpful, always understanding, always calm, never complaining, never heard her say a single bad word. I swear, just an angel. I don't think I've ever met anyone so genuinely good on earth.”
“And why was the marriage over?”
“Well, she was also a doctor and after volunteering in Malawi, she discovered that her purpose in life was to stay there.”
“Damn, really?”
“Really. It turns out that Heitor did not have the same dream. So she went alone. I don't know if they got legally divorced till this day.”
“Wow.” 
“I know. I admire her. Overnight she decided to leave all the comfort and all the friends she had here to join an non-profit that works abroad. Heitor was devastated at the time, but there was nothing he could do, and he didn't want to go along.”
“And you mother?”
“What about her?”
“Her relationships.”
“She dated a guy or two, but she never married anyone. She had a few serious relationships, actually, but only got engaged to Heitor.”
I nodded. I wondered for a minute what it would be like to have a relationship as old and familiar as like Heitor’s and Alicia’s. It’s probably not all bad, having a person constantly present in your life, like an arm or a leg.
“Why don't you call him dad?”, I asked.
Samuel looked away from the starry sky. He blinked and looked back at me.
“My mother was the one that adopted me. They were not together when she filed for adoption.”
“But he raised you, didn't he?”
Samuel made a face. 
“I don't think he would want me to call him dad”, he said softly.
I blinked. 
“Why?”
The expression on Samuel's face changed. Note to myself: don't bring it up again.
“I'm talking too much about myself, aren't I?”, he asked, frowning.
I shrugged and took the glasses off my face to rub the bone between my eyes. I dropped my hands and looked at him again.
“I have nothing interesting to share.”
“I doubt that a woman who reads Angela Davis in her spare time doesn't have something interesting to say.”
“I just like to read about things that need to be known.”
Samuel continued to look at me. Our arms brushed against each other. His eyes scanned my face for a long time. A chill ran through my body, shivering from head to toe.
“Do you know what else needs to be known?”, he said. Samuel's eyes finally met mine and I swallowed. He approached slightly, his arm touching mine. “The beauty of brown eyes.”
My lips parted, but the words didn't form in time. Samuel's eyes went down to my mouth, a lock of his brown hair fell over his forehead. I still hadn't decided which part of his face was my favorite. Whether it was the thin lips, the cheekbones... or the graceful shape of his eyes that could have been designed by the best of artists.
A movement on the corner of my eye caught my attention and i looked at the entrance of the amusement park. 
My parents were holding hands, looking all over the street as if looking for someone. I narrowed my eyes, slightly surprised to be able to distinguish them from the crowd. Then they saw me, sitting side by side with Samuel, and waved.
Samuel stood up with a sigh and I followed him, resentful that the moment between us was extinguished. He took the plastic bowls of açaí from my hand and threw it, along with his, in the trash next to us.
I folded the jacket over my forearm and slaped the back of my dress with my free hand. I put my glasses back on and returned the jacket to him as we crossed the crosswalk. A corner of his lips went up quickly before he took the jacket in my hands.
“Oh, so you are here”, my father said when we approached. 
“Actually, we were there”, I pointed to the açaí shop across the street.
My father just looked at me with mocking eyes. 
“Eloisa left the roller coaster?”, Samuel asked.
“I think she must have already gone on two other toys while you were here.” 
“We went to have açaí”, Samuel said. 
“When are we going to have dinner?”, I asked at the same time.
Samuel smiled beside me. My father frowned.
“Didn't you just eat açaí?”
I shrugged my shoulders.
“I'm still hungry.”
My father rolled his eyes with a smile.
“Let's call the others then”, he said.
“I'll call Eloisa”, Samuel said, entering the park with my father. 
My mother walked beside me as we followed them.
“Be careful how you behave around him”, my mother said quietly to me. 
I blinked. “Pardon?”
“Being too close to him can upset your sister”, she said. “And it can cause the wrong impression on him too.”
I opened my mouth to speak, but decided to be quiet. I just nodded, wondering if I was reading the situation in the wrong way as well. Wondering if I really had that moment with Samuel or if it was in my head. He complemented my eyes, hadn't he? He looked at my mouth, hadn't he?
I shook my head. I didn't even live in this town anymore. I would be gone in a few weeks. My heart was still broken and vulnerable from the last relationship.
That’s all I needed. Falling in love with my sister's fake boyfriend.

Chapter 16
“Don't you think it's too early for us to show up there?”, I asked.
Eloisa pulled the hand brake and looked at me.
“It's nine o'clock”, she said, before getting out of the car, closing the door behind her. 
“It's eight-thirty and they're on vacation”, I said, following her.
She clicked on the car's control button as we climbed into the house and the car doors closed, followed by a low thud. “Is that how they intend to spend the rest of the holidays? Asleep?”
“Face the facts, Eloisa, we’re the only ones that do not like to stay at home.”
Eloisa nodded. Tibia and Femur ran barking at us when we reached the door. We caressed their heads and tried to calm them down. We didn't want to wake up our friends, we wanted to surprise them. Eloisa took out the key that Heitor had given her and we entered the house without making a sound, leaving Tibia and Femur outside.
The room was completely empty. I froze at the majestic view from the window. It had rained last night and the trees looked greener and more robust than usual, the sky was a clear pale blue. If I could, I would live there. In that secluded place, away from the noise of sirens, the noise of traffic, pollution in the sky and the voices of other human beings.
Eloisa went up the stairs and my torpor disappeared. I followed her. We invaded Flavia and Rafa's room. Eloisa entered without knocking. Encouraged by the pitch that the room was immersed, she walked towards the curtains.
“Good morning, sunshine!”, Eloisa said, opening the curtains.
The sun's rays hit the room, bringing light to the suitcases on the floor and scattered clothes. Rafa swore, laying on the single bed, turned and covered his face with his forearm. Flavia moaned and hid her face in Samuel's shirt...
I blinked. 
Samuel? 
Neither seemed to notice my presence. They were using the same blanket but I could tell they were dressed. Eloisa fully opened the curtains, but Samuel remained asleep, facing the wall, totally unmoved. Flavia closed her fingers over his shirt and stuck her nose in his spine to escape the sun.
Eloisa patted Flavia's calf and she moved her foot away. 
“You are a terrible friend”, she murmured, moving away from Samuel's body, lying on her back and covering her eyes with her forearm.
Eloisa took her cell phone out of her pants pocket when she realized that no one had any intention of getting up.
“Then don't say I didn't warn you.”
Immediately a loud, heavy funk started to resonate from her phone. Rafa shouted in dismay. Flavia screamed, irritated, and Samuel sat up abruptly, startled. His eyes seemed closed, but I couldn't tell. Flavia sat up next to him and threw a pillow at Eloisa. Rafa got up, cursing and locked himself in the bathroom.
Samuel finally seemed to notice me. He blinked. He rubbed his eyes. And then he looked at me again. Flavia in shorts and T-shirt beside him sighed and put her feet on the floor, rubbing her eyes with her hands. Tom came up behind me, wearing shorts and a T-shirt. I dropped my hand from the doorknob to let him in the room.
“Hey”, Eloisa spoke over the music, capturing Samuel's attention. “What is my boyfriend doing in bed with his ex girlfriend?”
I thanked her internally for asking the question that was stuck on my lips, but I wasn't sure I wanted to know the answer.
Samuel pointed at me. I blinked, puzzled. But then I noticed that he was actually pointing at Tom, behind me.
“He snores”, Samuel declared. 
I turned to Tom. He just shrugged, unbothered by the accusation. Eloisa finally turned off the music.
“Did you at least make coffee?”, Flavia asked, getting up.
Eloisa smiled. 
“I'm not that good of a friend”, said. 
Flavia rolled her eyes and walked passed me, towards the corridor. Eloisa followed her and I went after my sister, leaving a confused-looking Samuel behind.
Flavia disappeared in the hall bathroom and Eloisa and I went down the stairs, walking towards the kitchen. 
“Should we put the breakfast on the table?”, I asked.
Eloisa nodded, opening the refrigerator and filling a glass with cold water. I took a tablecloth and saw Eloisa put the water jar back in the fridge and take the ring off between her fingers.
“You really put a lot of effort on that lie”, I said, folding the towel and partially covering the counter. “You even bought a relationship ring.”
Eloisa only took it out when she was away from our parents. Most of the time not even then, as she seemed to forget that it was there.
“Oh, this ring?”, Eloisa indicated at ring before putting it in her pants pocket. “Flavia lent me hers. It was their relationship ring.”
I walked towards the cabinet.
“Oh, so Samuel is wearing the ring he wore when he was dating Flavia?”, I asked, taking the bread basket, trying to sound disinterested.
I placed the basket on the counter and Eloisa filled a pot with water and placed it on the stove. 
“We didn't want to spend money on a fake relationship ring”, she said, lighting the stove. “But I thought it would give more credibility. So Flavia lent me hers and Samuel started using his again.”
Interesting. 
I nodded, took the coffee mugs and set them on the counter. 
Very interesting. 
Rafa and Tom came down, capturing my attention. They sat on the stools and I took the rest of the stuff and laid it out on the counter.
I was facing Rafa, but they didn't look me in the eye, still in a bad mood, apparently. They took a knife and began to butter the bread vigorously. Tom, beside them, just smiled at Eloisa when my sister came up behind me with a steaming coffee jar. He held out the mug to my sister and Rafa finally looked up at me.
“How was it yesterday?”, they asked, taking a big bite of bread.
She was talking about the amusement park last night. I sighed, propped my elbows on the counter and my chin in my hand.
“Super annoying”, I said, at the same time that Eloisa said: “Normal.” 
We face each other. I looked back at Rafa.
“And what did you do?”
Rafa shrugged, carrying another piece of bread close to their mouth. 
“An orgy”, said. 
I smiled and looked at Eloisa. 
“One more night that we are left out.”
Eloisa rested her hips on the marble, crossed her arms and shook her head as if to say: “I can't believe we missed this one”. The sound of footsteps against the wood resounded from the stairs, a shiver of anticipation ran through my body. Flavia emerged, shuffling her feet.
“What are we doing today?”, she asked, taking a seat next to Rafa and Tom.
“What do you think of a bank robbery in the city?”, Rafa asked.
Flavia looked at them, unwavered. 
“We can get dress like the flag of the LGBTQUIA + community as a disguise”, said.
“It would be great for the movement”, Rafa said, impassive, swallowing a piece of bread.
“Historical reparation”, Tom said, before blowing on the steaming coffee.
The corners of Flavia's lips lifted upwards.
“Where's Samuel?”, Eloisa asked.
“Oh, that's right”, Rafa said. “Our only straight pet.”
I cleared my throat. Rafa looked me up and down.
“We're still wondering if you're going to be part of the group”, he said. “We don't want to give the straights too much of a voice.”
I laughed and nodded. I looked at Tom, quietly eating a cookie, and remembered that I had no idea about his sexuality. Rafa once said that the group had bisexual, dyke and transgender. Only. But now they didn't include him as straight.
“I think Sleeping Beauty went back to sleep”, Flavia said, filling a cup of coffee, interrupted my thoughts.
“Samuel?”, Eloisa asked.
Flavia nodded. 
“What do you think about watching TV the rest of the day?”, she asked.
Rafa shrugged. Tom seemed to like the idea. Eloisa rolled her eyes.
“I didn't drive for ten minutes to watch TV with you.”
“We can go for a walk”, Tom suggested. 
Flavia rolled her eyes. 
“For God's sake”, she murmured. 
“I was just thinking about getting into the pool”, Eloisa said. 
“And you needed to wake everyone up to just to get in the pool?”, Rafa said, frowning at my sister.
Eloisa started to defend herself and I laughed. They continued to argue, but I lost interest. I told them I was going to the bathroom and walked towards the stairs. I took the oportunity and took my backpack that I had left in the middle of the living room. I knocked on Rafa and Flavia's door room, but I was left with no answer. I entered anyway.
I found Samuel in the bathroom, rinsing his face. I dropped my backpack on Rafa's bed and went towards him.
“What are you doing?”, I asked.
Samuel looked up, drying his face with a towle, the dating ring was not on any of his fingers. His gaze met mine in the bathroom mirror. My hair was loose, glasses on my face and I wore shorts. Nothing new.
Samuel smiled, abandoning the towel over the sink and opening a container of face cream and pouring it on his fingers. He started rubbing the contents on his face and opened his mouth to answer me.
“You use face cream?”, I asked, interrupting him.
He finished, but kept looking at me in the mirror. 
“Judge all you want, in forty years you will see me with the same face”, he said, wiping his hands with the towel.
I crossed my arms and leaned against the doorframe, a slow smile growing on my face. “You really like taking care of yourself, hun?”, I said.
Samuel smiled and turned. With two steps, he approached me. He moved a hand to my hair and ran his fingers through it. I felt my smile disappear and his hand slid from my hair to my face. Light as a feather, his fingers brushed my cheek and ran down my jaw.
The touch was so delicate it almost made me shiver. Samuel's fingers reached my chin and he leaned over. I contained the urge to close my eyes. His gaze met mine and he said, softly:
“Someone with a face like yours should take care of it too.”
With that, he walked away and passed me, leaving me alone looking at my reflection in the mirror. I pushed my hair back from my face, widened my eyes and took a deep breath.
Holy shit. My sister's fake boyfriend also wanted to kiss me.
Fuck. 

Chapter 17
Samuel doesn’t touch me. 
At least until yesterday, he didn't. 
When I got downstairs, Samuel was already having breakfast at the counter. He looked directly at me and smiled, completely oblivious to the argument between Rafa, Flavia and Eloisa.
In the end, the discussion proved useless. We got nowhere and did nothing new all day. We sunbathed by the pool, played in the water, made lunch, talked, argued, watched TV for the rest of the day and wiped out all the cookies in the house. The day had been fantastic in an ordinary and familiar way as always.
The only thing that had been totally unusual was Samuel's getting closer. We were unable to stay in the same environment alone again, but he spent the rest of the day giving me secret looks, touching me on the shoulders, arms, hands, waist... in ways that everyone could read as casual, but I knew that was suggestive. Each action by Samuel was polite, slow and visible, so that I could step back if I wanted to. But I didn’t.
He had also sat next to me or in front of me at every opportunity, throwing faces at me at the table. Only I noticed them, and I just laughed softly.
It was undeniable, the attention made me feel special. I loved it. But at the same time, I hated the part of my brain that created hundreds of positive and negative scenarios. Anxiety lurked and expectations grew like a balloon. From the two, the one I feared most was the expectation. She was a close friend of disappointment.
So, after returning home, I stopped any and all thoughts about Samuel. Or at least I tried. But I thought I was doing a good job until the message I received the next day.
I was in bed, watching a series on my phone when a message appeared in the notification bar.
Samuel: what are you doing?
Me: hi to you too.
Samuel: hi (laughing emojis).
Samuel: what are you going to do today?
Me: watch a series? 
I'm not sure.
Samuel: I'm going into town today, I know your schedule is full, but how about you give it a break and meet me at 7 pm?
It is just a guy. It is just a guy. It is just a guy.
Me: I will try to make an exception for you.
Me: where are we going?
He didn't answer my question, but said he would pick me up and bring me back. Only then did I realize that my foot tapped the mattress uneasily. I looked at the clock. It was five pm yet. Great. Now I had to figure out what to do with all that bottle up energy.
***
“Where are we going?”, I asked, closing the car door after sitting down.
Samuel looked at me, a lock of his silky hair fell over his forehead. He was very handsome. He wore jeans, a striped shirt and the same jacket that I had borrowed at the amusement park.
“Hi to you too”, he replied, his lips twitching upward.
I laughed.
“What do you want to eat?”, he asked.
I shrugged my shoulders. 
“Hamburger?”
He smiled at me. 
“Perfect. Put your belt on”, he said, clenching his fingers on the steering wheel and starting the car.
I complied, noting the absence of the silver object between his fingers. He asked me which restaurant I would like to go to and I shrugged, anywhere was fine by me. He then opted for his favorite diner. The trip was short and the streets were not very crowded, so it was easy to find a spot. We got out of the car and walked in silence side by side towards the restaurant
We were about to pass through the glass doors when I came across our reflection. I had tied my hair in two bunches on top of my head, my lips were painted a bright red, I was wearing a vivid yellow tank top and jeans (I wasn’t gonna make it easy for him). I had also left my glasses at home that night. Samuel's eyes fell on my reflection, too, and I turned to face him. We went through the glass doors and into the diner. His eyes met mine and he smiled.
Samuel patted my waist with one hand and only removed it when we reached the counter. We placed our travel orders, paid, and waited in line. Samuel exchanged glances with me now and then, but nothing more. He was watching the diner clientele when we became the first in line. I propped my elbow on the counter and faced him. Samuel's gaze met mine and he spread a hand on my hip. His thumb started to brush slow circles across my belly. I bit my lip and he moved closer.
“Did I say that you look beautiful today?”, he spoke, softly, his eyes still locked on mine.
I had no words. My mouth didn't even open. Despite the safe distance, my body was shaking with the proximity. I swallowed hard. Without realizing, my hand opened on Samuel's forearm, brushing slow circles across the muscle. His eyes stayed on mine. I swallowed again, aware of the heat on my fingers. Samuel's gaze slid to my lips.
“Seventy-three?”, an employee appeared at the counter looking at me and Samuel, interested.
Samuel pulled his hand away from my body as if it were on fire and looked everywhere but at me. I pulled my elbow away from the counter and nodded to the clerk who, at my wave, started to stuff our order into a paper bag. There was nothing obscene about what Samuel and I did, we had barely been close enough, but he looked around the cafeteria as if he was waiting for someone to get up and accuse him of a crime.
That uneasy look was all too familiar. A shiver ran down my spine. The whole situation was too familiar.
The clerk finished with our order and I thanked him before taking my bag. Samuel took his and followed me out of the cafeteria, looking intently at passersby.
My hands tightened on the bag, but I took a deep breath. The town was not large. He was dating my sister. A lie. But still. He was worried about being caught with her sister. He was not ashamed of me. That wasn’t why. Right?
It wasn’t. 
I shook my head to ward off the thoughts and Samuel reached me, opening his car door with a click of the button. I was about to put my hand on the handle, but he grabbed me by the wrist.
“Is everything OK?”, he asked, his eyes scanning my face.
We were practically under a lamppost. The only two people in the empty alley. I took a deep breath and shook my head to ward off the insecure thoughts that persisted around my mind. I nodded.
“Yes”, I replied, but I didn't seem convincing.
“Your parents know too many people”, Samuel whispered, approaching. “The town is too small”, his fingers slid from my wrist to my hand. “The church is one of the largest in town”, he started to intertwine our fingers. “I can't be seen with anyone other than Eloisa.”
I nodded again, the warmth of his fingers numbing me, the distance between us feeling uncomfortable. I let my fingers intertwine with his.
“It's just that...”, I sighed. “It seemed too familiar.”
Samuel frowned. Before he asked, I fired:
“Where do you want to take me?”
His lips twitched in a frown. 
“I want to tell you, but I don't want you to make a face at me”, he said.
It was my turn to frown.
“What face?”
“My parents aren't home”, Samuel said, waiting for my reaction.
I did not answer. He sighed, his fingers lightly squeezed mine.
“I was talking about that face.”
I didn't answer again. He approached, his face very serious.
“We don't have to do anything”, he said.
I remained silent. Samuel sighed.
“I lock all the rooms and give you the key if it will make you more comfortable.”
I couldn't help it, my lips pulled up in a half smile. Samuel exhaled, relieved.
“What do you want to show me there?”, I asked.
It was Samuel's turn to try to contain his smile.
“You know, normally at a time like this I would make an ambiguous joke.”
My smile grew. 
“And you think that is a good idea?”, I asked, approaching, lifting my chin to face him.
He came closer, our bodies were now inches apart. 
“If I think bringing you with me to my home is a good idea?”, he asked, his shaky and velvety voice, reverberating in my body. “A house full of soft surfaces and with three double beds?”, his gaze fell on my lips. My breathing failed. I swallowed hard. Samuel untangled our fingers and brushed my face. I stood still. “Lydia, it’s a horrible idea.”
His lips looked pink, full, soft... and moved temptingly. I blinked. He had said something else.
Samuel let a smug smile twitch his lips when he realized that I had not paid attention. 
“What do you think? Do you want to go?”, asked again.
I licked my lips, not caring if it was going to smudge my lipstick. My throat was dry as if I hadn't been drinking water in weeks. It could have worked as revenge, as Samuel's eyes were immediately drawn there.
“I still want to go”, I said softly.
A bright smile appeared on his face. His hand moved away from my face and slid into the space between my waist and my arm, gluing his chest to mine. I didn't have time to be frightened by the new proximity, his hand found the car door behind me which opened with a low click. Samuel stepped away and extended the car door further, holding on to it.
“So what are we waiting for?”
***
“Where are your parents?”, I asked, holding our bags in my lap more tightly so they wouldn't fall.
Samuel signaled the right.
“On the country house.”
I raised my eyebrows. 
“And don't they think it's weird that you're not there?”
He shook his head. 
“I didn't have to lie to them.”
“So they know you’re with me?”
Samuel turned the wheel and nodded. 
“I don't lie to them”, he said, choosing a spot. “I don’t need to.”
I sighed. 
“Must be nice.”
He turned the wheel again and put his arm behind my seat, looking back. 
“Did you tell your sister?”, he asked, his lips an inch from my ear.
I winced and shook my head. He pulled his arm out away form the seat, pulling on the handbrake.
“What did you say to her?”
“I said I was going to meet with some friends from high school.”
Samuel frowned.
“You still have friends from high school? Wait. You are eighteen right?”
I laughed. 
“Now you think it's the time to ask that?”
Samuel's eyes widened.
“Please tell me you are over eighteen.”
I laughed. 
“I’ve already turned nineteen.”
He exhaled with relief and opened the car door. Before leaving, he took one of the bags from my lap. I got out of the car, closed the door and found him outside. He closed the car behind us with a click on the remote and stuck his free hand in his pants pocket. When we stopped in front of the building, he had already found his keys.
“Did you tell the others?”, I asked, after Samuel opened the door and let me through first.
He shook his head. 
“I thought about telling, but if you hadn't told Eloisa I’d put you in a difficult situation”, we arrived at the elevator and he pressed the button. “If you had told her I would send a message to Rafa right now and let they spread the information. Which would not be difficult, given that they are all in the same house.”
I nodded. The elevator opened and we entered. Samuel pushed the button for his floor. We were silent until the elevator doors opened again.
“I hope you don't mind if I don't tell her yet”, I said, following him down the hall. 
Samuel nodded, key in hand, ready.
“We haven't even done anything yet to be told”, I muttered under my breath.
“Be my guest”, he said back at me. 
Samuel immediately looked at me and I opened my eyes wide when I realized I had been heard. His smile grew at my embarrassed physiognomy. We arrived at the apartment and, with two movements, the door was opened. He turned to me.
“The night is just starting”, he said, holding the door open and making room for me to walk in first.

Chapter 18
The table had been dragged to the side along with the chairs to the corner, so the terrace was even more spacious. I frowned when I saw Samuel appear from the doorway carrying a handful of sheets. He set them on the table, next to our bags witt the burgers, took the top blanket and walked towards me. He gave me a piece of the cloth and we spread it on the floor.
“What's that for? A picnic?”, I asked, getting up.
“You can call it that”, he replied, turning around and entering the house again. 
He returned seconds later, dragging a double mattress. I opened my eyes wide. He ignored my expression and threw the mattress on the cloth we had just laid out. A question mark formed on my forehead.
“Not to get the mattress dirty”, he replied, standing up. 
I wanted to ask him what he intended to do with the mattress, but I closed my mouth. The answer would probably leave me excited or disappointed.
Samuel walked over to the table again and took a mattress cover, came back and laid it out on the mattress. Then he walked over to the table again and picked up the two blankets that were left. He left them on the mattress and finally dared to look at my face.
“Don't look at me like that”, he said, with a smile.
I rolled my eyes, my lips twitching upwards. Samuel went into the house again. When he returned, he was carrying two beach chairs. He laid them out next to each other, in front of the mattress. Samuel went back to the table again, this time to get our dinner.
“The choice is yours”, he said, approaching. “The chairs or the mattress.”
I took my bag from him, smiled and sat on the beach chair. Samuel returned the smile, sitting on the chair next to me. The stars were tiny silver specks in the black sea above us. My belly growled, hungry. I took my burger out of the bag quickly.
“At some point, your back may start to hurt”, Samuel said, leaning back in his chair, lunch already in hand. “That's why the mattress.”
“Oh, that’s why?”, I asked, raising my eyebrows.
“Yeah, that’s why.” 
“Why is that so hard to believe.”
Samuel rested his elbow on the arm of the chair, leaning slightly towards me.
“You look so pretty when you're skeptical.” 
I rolled my eyes, but blushed. I got distracted by the hamburger packaging so as not to answer anything. I was so anxious that my hands even trembled when they brought the sandwich to my mouth. I took a bite, savoring the multiple sensations, triggered by the soft texture and the succulent smell. I moaned loudly, closing my eyes.
“I wished I was that sandwich.”
I opened my eyes to find Samuel looking at me, the burger still untouched in his hand.
“You wouldn't be as good as this sandwich”, I said.
He narrowed his eyes, skeptical.
“I wouldn’t be so sure.”
I laughed and kept eating. Samuel finally took a bite of his hamburger. He groaned loudly.
“I definitely don't taste better than that”, he said, with his mouth full. 
I laughed out loud. He smiled at my reaction.
“I have a series of questions for you”, Samuel said, between bites.
I frowned, between bites. 
“Really? Why?”
“All the other times we talked I keept going on like a parrot. I don't know how you didn't get bored.”
“Because I was really interested...?”
Samuel rolled his eyes.
“Fine. Favorite movie?”
“Uhm ...  Life Is Beautiful?
“Good choice. Favorite scene from a movie?”
“Without thinking too much, the beginning of the movie Up: high adventures.” 
“Again, good choice. Favorite author?”
“Nicola Yoon”, I replied, without blinking.
“I never heard of it.”
“I don't think you'd like it.”
“Is it romances?”
“Yes.” 
He shrugged.
“I don't really like to read.”
I sighed.
“I do not judge you that much, it is difficult to find something new, this days.”
“Thank you. Favorite song?”
“Is it really possible to choose a favorite song?”
“You don’t have one?”
“How could I? If I like a song I listen to it a trillion times until I never want to hear it again.”
He nodded and finished the burger, throwing the wrapping paper into the bag.
“Makes sense. Favorite fairy tale?”
“Have you seen the Disney films?”
Samuel shrugged. 
“I was amazed as a child.” 
I finished my burger. He added: “And Rafa thought they were Cinderella.”
I laughed, throwing the hamburger wrap into the bag. I took a can of beer I bought and opened it, leaning back on the beach chair.
“Last relationship?”, Samuel asked.
I had to take a sip of beer before I answered. Samuel just watched my movements.
“About three months ago.”
“How long did it last?”
I shrugged my shoulders. 
“Nine months?”
Samuel raised his eyebrows. 
“And you didn't get pregnant?”
“No, thank God.”
Samuel laughed, and rested his forearms on the chair again, leaning forward.
“Last kiss”, he said.
“Also almost three months ago.”
“Almost three months without kissing? How did you do it?”
I rolled my eyes. 
“What about you? When was your last kiss?”
Samuel narrowed his eyes. Then I remembered Flavia confessing their kiss.
“Flavia?”, I asked.
“Flavia”, Samuel confirmed. 
“You guys are really not together, right?”
“No.”
“And there is no chance of you getting back together?”
Surprisingly, Samuel nodded.
“There is no possibility of that happening”, he said. 
I took another sip of beer. 
“Good to know.”
Samuel got up, stretched, took off his sneakers and sat on the mattress. 
“Do you mind if I stay here? I'm too old for that chair”, he said, with his hand on his spine.
I shrugged, taking another sip of beer, finishing the contents of the can. 
“It's fine by me. Are your questions over?”
Samuel laid on his back, staring at the stars. 
“I barely started. How old do you want to be when you die?”
I put the empty beer can back in the bag and thought about taking the second one I had bought. I looked at Samuel stretched out on the mattress and desperately wanted to join him. But I still didn't have the courage. My hand wrapped around the second can of beer.
“I feel bad about drinking and you not”, I said, making no attempt to open the can. Samuel was going to take me home. He couldn't drink.
He smiled.
“Don't feel bad, just enjoy it.” 
I didn't want to open the can, but I also wanted to do a thousand things and I knew it would give me the courage to do them. 
“You haven't answered me yet. How old do you want to be when you die?”, Samuel said.
I licked my lips and opened the can, trying to contain the explosion.
“For some reason”, I said, taking a sip, “I can only imagine my life until I'm fifty.” 
“Fifty is still very young.”
“I think so too.”
“And that's still too far away for you.”
I smiled. 
“For you too”, I said.
Samuel made a face and put his hand on the column. 
“Not with this back”, he said. 
I laughed, the alcohol warming my system. 
“If you could be the same age forever, which age would you pick?”, Samuel asked.
I thought for a while. 
“I'm not there yet. You?”
“I still can't believe I'm twenty-two. For me, I stopped at twenty.”
I laughed. 
“Potion of immortality”, I said, between sips. “Would you take it? Yes or no?”
Samuel's eyes widened and he propped himself up on his elbows to look at me. 
“Of course! Do you have some?”
I laughed, the alcohol certainly responsible for my sudden excitement. 
“Even if you had to watch everyone you love die?”, I asked, before drinking the rest of beer at once.
“Yes”, Samuel replied. “It would be fucking painful, but I would survive. The idea of death kills me.”
I smiled. 
“The idea of death kills you”.
Samuel narrowed his eyes. 
“Boy uses figure of speech and only a drunk person notices.”
I laughed. 
“I'm not drunk”, I said, putting the empty can on the floor.
“You’re slower.”
“I'm looser.”
“I think there is only one way to check if you are drunk.” 
“You can't get drunk with two cans of beer.”
“Yes, you can, it’s enough for someone your size.”
I crossed my arms over my chest. 
“What do you want?”
Samuel sat down, crossing his legs on the mattress. He patted the empty space in front of him.
“Come here.”
I shivered at the request. He held my gaze, brown irises scanning my face with an emotion that I had no idea what it was. Slowly, I got up in the chair and took off my sneakers, remaining with my socks. Samuel was watching my every move. I put a foot on the mattress, testing the texture. With two steps, I sat across from him, crossing my legs as well.
“Is this when we hook up madly on the mattress?”, I asked.
The corners of Samuel's lips twitched upward.
“Only if you want.”
“I want to...”
He tilted his head.
“But?”
“I'm afraid your kiss will be disappointing.”
He laughed. 
“You are drunk”, he said.
I frowned. 
“No, I'm not.”
“Would you tell me that if you were sober?”
“I don't share my thoughts with anyone when I'm totally sober. Enjoy the moment.”
Samuel nodded, still smiling. His fingers found mine and, delicately, he intertwined them. His fingers began to make slow circles on the back of my hand and we were silent, looking at our hands clasped. I let out a slight exhale. He raised his face to look at me.
“What about a kiss here?”, he asked, lifting our clasped hands up to his chest. “Can I?”
I didn't have time to give an answer. His soft lips found the back of my hand, placing a warm kiss. Maybe the alcohol had magnified the warmth of his lips... or maybe a shiver ran through my body because I trembled.
“What about here?”, he asked, climbing up to my wrist.
The kiss sent an electric current down my spine. And he continued. Samuel uncrossed his legs and pulled my hand gently, spreading a trail of fire kisses along my arm. I lowered the distance, uncrossing my legs. He came closer, sliding his free hand on my thigh, feeling the fabric of my pants over my muscles. His mouth moved at the point between my neck and my shoulder. I closed my eyes, shivering at the feeling of his soft lips touching my icy skin.
Samuel released my hand, and somehow my back was against the mattress. He positioned himself on top of me, spreading my thigh with his hands, pressing me so firmly against the soft mattress that I lost my breath. His lips trace my collarbone, my shoulder, my neck ... his hands wandered my hips, my waist, moving up towards my breasts. I groaned when his lips found a tender spot on my neck and tightened my legs around his hips.
Samuel groaned with friction and moved his hips against mine, his hands going under my shirt and his mouth on my jaw. I gasped, moving my hands to his jacket. I wanted it to disappear. I wanted to feel him. He leaned backwards to help me, tossing his jacket somewhere on the mattress. I pulled him by the shirt back to me. Samuel placed his forearm beside my head and slid his free hand on the back of my neck, rubbing his nose over mine.
“I want to get that lipstick off your face”, he said, looking at my mouth with such desire that every hair on my body stood on end. “Lick and kiss you until there's nothing left.”
I swallowed hard, clenching my hands over his shirt.
“Then do it.”
A naughty smile tugged at his lips. “But my kiss could disappoint you”, he said, brushing his thumb over my jaw. 
I sighed, arching my body towards him.
“Come on”, I said.
“But you said...”
I got a hand in his brown hair, leaving our mouths an inch away.
“Samuel, if you don't take it off, I'll do it myself.”
I felt Samuel swallow hard near our lips, but he didn't move an inch. With my free hand, I rubbed my thumb over my mouth. Samuel moved fast and took my wrist, pinning it, over our heads, to the mattress.
He clicked his tongue and shook his head.
“You took a part of it”, he said, looking at my mouth with a mixture of desire and disappointment.
“You hesitate too much”, I took my free hand out of his hair and moved my thumb towards my lips. 
He moved faster and pinned my other wrist to the mattress. I groaned.
“Samuel”, I said, very irritated. “Take.Of. My. Lipstick.”
Samuel's lips twitched in a wide smile and he said:
“It’s my pleasure.” 
Then he released my hands and kissed me. 
His hands took the back of my neck, his body clung to mine, pressing his weight against me. His lips moved against mine in a sensual, wet dance. I closed my eyes and groaned. He grunted when I scratched his back with my nails and deepened the kiss. His lips dueled against mine, fervent, urgent and desperate.
I shouldn't have been worried, he knew what he was doing. Thank goodness, I also knew what I was doing.
My heart was beating wildly. His hands continued on the back of my neck, taking my face, helping his lips to claim mine. It was too hot. Too good. I moved my hips against Samuel's and a low moan escaped his throat.
“I think your mouth is making me drunk”, Samuel said, his lips moving against mine. “Is it the beer?”
I sighed and pulled him to me. 
“I’m sure it’s the beer.”
He smiled against my lips before stealing my breath, kissing me so eagerly that I was stunned. I had never had a better kiss.
The voracity of the kiss lessened. The movements of Samuel's tongue against mine became light, calm and warm. With a last peck, he pulled away and laid down beside me. We stared at the sky with heavy breathing, the only sound echoing on the empty terrace. I moved closer.
“What are you thinking?”
Samuel covered his eyes with his forearm and smiled, his breath still failing. 
“That I'm hard everywhere”, he said softly. 
I smiled, my gaze wanting to slip down to his hip, but I stopped myself. He removed his forearm from his face and looked at me, opening an even more beautiful smile.
“Come here”, Samuel asked. 
I went towards him and he turned me around, hugging me, his chest against my back. He pulled out a blanket and placed it over us, squeezing my waist.
“Why did we waste all that time talking when we could be kissing?”, he asked, placing delicious kisses on the skin between my shoulder and my neck. I shivered at the contact.
“Big waste of time”, I mumbled when he started to explore the skin under my shirt with his hands.
 A deep laugh escaped Samuel's chest and I shivered, pushing my fingers through his hair and pulling his mouth back to mine. 

Chapter 19 
I was no longer wearing lipstick when I had gotten home.
“How was it yesterday?”, Eloisa asked me when we got in the car.
I shrugged, after buckling my seat belt. 
“Normal”, I said. She started the car, glancing at me. “We only ate and talked about college.”
Samuel and I just kissed and teased each other for the rest of the night. Unfortunately, all the pieces of clothing remained in place. He took me home when it was time and stole a last kiss in the car before I left and entered the building.
But Eloisa still didn't know that. 
Fuck. I madly hooked up with my sister's boyfriend. 
And I really wanted to do it again. 
“Did you drink?”, Eloisa asked, before turning.
“Just a couple of beers.”
Eloisa sighed. 
“I wished I was drinking beer right now.”
“We can buy them before going to the country house.”
“It's still morning.”
“You can drink it later.”
She was quiet for a minute. 
“Oh, you know what? Fuck it”, she went around the wheel. “Send a message to them and ask if they want us to bring anything.”
Only Rafa responded. Apparently they had already bought their drinks, so Eloisa parked and went into the supermarket to buy ours. I stayed in the car and waited.
I should tell her. I hadn't told the truth before I left with Samuel because I didn't really know what was going to happen. Maybe we’d have just spent the night talking.
Besides, I didn't know how she was going to react. Being seen with Samuel could destroy her plan, right? But she should still know. She was my sister and Samuel's “girlfriend”.
Eloisa returned and put the bags in the trunk. She drove the rest of the way with a smile so wide on her face that I didn't want to ruin everything by telling her. But I would tell. In another opportunity.
She pulled the parking brake and I dared to ask: “Do you forbid Samuel to go out with other people?” 
Eloisa frowned, unbuckling her seat belt. I did the same.
“Of course not. He can go out with whomever he wants. Not my real boyfriend, have you forgotten?”, she got out of the car, slamming the door. I followed her. She opened the trunk and we got our things. “He just can't be with anyone in town, preferably.”
“Nobody in town?”, I repeated, stupidly.
She closed the trunk and we started walking towards the house. 
“Yeah”, Eloisa replied. “We agreed that it would be better for the lie that Samuel only got involved with girls from out of town, like me with Barbara. Although my relationship with her was not purposefuly like that and existed well before Samuel and I started spreading that lie.”
“And does it work?”
“Surprisingly, it does. He went to parties in nearby towns. It didn't take long to make friends at these parties and meet other people.”
“Did he ever date a girl?
“Not date. He only dated Flavia. But he got seriously involved with one or two”, Eloisa smiled. “You should have seen it, he spent so much on gasoline to go see them during that time. Poor thing. Having sex this year was far from cheap for him.”
I laughed. Femur and Tibia, as usual, ran barking towards us. We paid them a little bit of attention before moving on. Eloisa opened the door.
“Good Morning!”, Eloisa said, entering first.
“Good morning”, I said, shortly thereafter, less excited than my sister. 
Heitor was doing the dishes and Alicia was sitting on one of the counter stools, with her cell phone. They looked up at us.
“Good Morning!”, Alicia said, with a smile.
“Look who showed up!”, Heitor said, freeing up space for Eloisa. She smiled before walking past him to store the beers in the refrigerator.
For a millisecond, Heitor and Alicia's gaze fell on me. I automatically tensed up. They knew that I was with their son last night. Were they wondering what Samuel had seen in me? How far did we go last night?
The mere thought made me shiver. 
“Where are the others?”, Eloisa asked, not knowing that she helped take the attention off of me.
“They're upstairs”, Alicia said, going back to her phone. 
Heitor just nodded. 
Eloisa indicated the top floor with her head and I followed her towards the stairs, our backpacks on our backs. We didn't have to go up, the steps of Flavia, Tom and Rafa resounded through the wood of the stairs.
“What are you doing?”, Eloisa asked when Rafa hit the floor first.
“SPA day”, they replied, walking towards the center of the room and carrying a bowl with a gooey brown content. 
Flavia and Tom followed. 
“They want to test one of their recipes in our face”, Flavia said. 
“My recipe?”, Rafa said, putting their hand on their waist. “It was recommended by my sister who is a dermatologist.”
“Now I'm excited”, Flavia replied, throwing herself on the sofa. 
Tom sat down next to her, waiting for Rafa who had started to beat the mixture with a brush. 
“Where's Samuel?”, Eloisa asked.
“He didn't sleep here”, Flavia said, leaning her head against the back of the sofa to look at her.
Eloisa narrowed her eyes.
“Really?”
Flavia shrugged. 
“I don't understand it either. It is the first time that he has not slept here since we came.”
The ceiling was also made of wood. Interesting.
“What are you doing?”, Alicia came over, eyeing Rafa's mix.
“It's a homemade facial mask”, Rafa said, still beating the mixture. “Do you want it?”
“Of course I do”, Alicia said. “But not here. You are going to get the sofa dirty.”
“Where then?”, Flavia asked.
I dropped the backpack on the floor. The weight was starting to bother my back.
“Outside”, Heitor said, who also came over, standing next to Alicia.
“Can you keep the mask in the sun?”, Tom asked.
Rafa shrugged. 
“I think it doesn’t matter”, they said. 
“What doesn’t matter?” 
I turned to the sound of the male voice that had taken my breath several times last night. In jeans and a T-shirt, Samuel appeared between Alicia and Heitor, taller than the two.
His eyes fell to the seine before him. Rafa beating a gooey cream with a brush into a bowl and loking at Samuel curiously. Tom and Flavia bored on the couch. Eloisa with an eyebrow raised beside them. And finally me, trying to blend into the wall. He looked away quickly at his friends.
“What doesn’t matter?”, he repeated.
“Where were you last night?”, Flavia asked, narrowing her eyes.
Samuel shrugged and walked over. Alicia and Heitor snuck out of the room.
“I went out with a girl”, he said, sitting on the couch.
I automatically tense up. Flavia seemed both satisfied and indifferent to the answer. Rafa finally stopped what they were doing.
“And does she know you date a dyke?”, they asked, a scornful smile pulling his lips.
I moved to Eloisa's side in order to broaden my view of everyone. Samuel smiled, sitting next to Flavia, but looking at Rafa.
“Why? Do you think I should tell?”, he asked.
Rafa shrugged. 
“Maybe it would make you even more irresistible?”
“She doesn't live here, right?”, Eloisa interfered.
“No, she doesn’t”, Samuel said. 
I raised my eyebrows. Well, that was true.
“Do we know her?” Tom asked.
I looked at the couch in hopes that it could turn me into pillow. 
“You sound like my mother”, Samuel said, narrowing his eyes.
“You don't look like you had sex yesterday”, Rafa said, copying his expression.
“And you're being invasive”, he said.
A wide smile tugged at Rafa's lips. They exchanged a look with Eloisa.
“He didn't have sex”, they said. Eloisa nodded, returning the smile.
“I think that asks for a bet”, my sister returned. 
I laughed. Samuel rolled his eyes. Rafa looked directly at me.
“Too bad you can't bet”, they said, with an expression that contradicted his words. 
Uncontrollably, my lips twitched upward. I felt Samuel's gaze fall on me.
“It's a shame”, I said. 
Rafa's attention fell on Samuel again.
“How long have you been going out?”, they asked.
Flavia, who had kept quiet until now, narrowed her eyes at him, really interested in the answer. 
“Why do you need to know that?”, Samuel asked, oblivious to her gaze.
“We should have more information to make a bet.”
Samuel rolled his eyes. Eloisa looked at him seriously.
“If you don't give us the information we need, we won't bet with you anymore”, my sister said.
Samuel sighed dramatically and leaned back on the couch.
“We started yesterday”, he said.
Flavia, satisfied with the answer, relaxed her muscles.
“Did you kiss?”, Tom asked.
Samuel seemed suddenly quite interested on the wood in the ceiling. Eloisa, Tom and Rafa smiled, understanding. Flavia entertained herself with her nails.
“When are you going out again?”, Rafa asked.
“We haven't agreed yet”, Samuel said. 
“She thinks the president is trash, right?”
“Yes, she...”, Samuel said uncertainly, looking at me. I nodded, trying to appear inconspicuous to others. “Yes, she does”, Samuel repeated, with more certainty, looking relieved too.
“I bet he dumps her”, Rafa said, looking at the others.
Samuel rolled his eyes. Flavia laughed. Tom raised his hand.
“I think she'll dump him”, he said.
I smiled. Rafa and Tom shook hands. Eloisa raised her hands up.
“I still can't decide”, she said.
“How is the chemistry between you too?”, Rafa asked.
Samuel looked at Flavia, as if asking permission. She shrugged, impassive. Samuel looked directly at Rafa when he replied: “Amazing.”
How I wished I could turn into a butterfly and flap my wings out the door
“And you still don't know when you will go out again?”, Rafa asked.
“I hope it will be soon”, he replied, glancing at me. 
I swallowed, crossing my arms. The sky was very beautiful today. Eloisa was biting a nail next to me when she grunted.
“I want to bet when they will have sex, but I have no idea”, she said. 
Rafa snorted. 
“I understand your indecision”, they said. 
Samuel's eyes fell on the brown bowl Rafa held. 
“What about this thing?”, he asked. “What is it for?”
Rafa narrowed their eyes, as if they knew what he was trying to do, but they answered anyway:
“Facial treatment mask. Alicia said we have to use it outside. Do you want to?”
“Of course! Come on”, Samuel said, getting up and starting to walk towards the exit.
Flavia and Tom got up to follow him. I went along. Rafa and Eloisa joined us, exchanging another smile. Samuel frowned at them.
“What?”
“If you had sex yesterday you would not need this mask”, Rafa said, with a feline smile. 
I put my hand over my mouth to contain my laughter. Samuel snorted.
“What does a guy need to do to keep his sex life private?”, he asked.
“Its easier to ask what a guy can't do to keep his sex life private”, Rafa said. “Sex.”

Chapter 20
“You look good in brown”, I said, sitting down next to Samuel on the lounger.
His eyelids opened and he lifted his hand over his eyes, trying to avoid the sun rays. The cream on his face was a good shade darker than his skin. There was cocoa in the mix and he had been the first to put it on. Flavia had even lent him a thin, almost invisible headband, so that the strands of his hair would not stick to the face mask.
“Thank you”, Samuel said. “After yesterday, brown has become my favorite color.”
I smiled. 
“Really? Why?”
Samuel's lips twitched upward and he shrugged. 
“It's the color of chocolate, coffee...”, he fixed his gaze on mine. His fingers lightly brushed the muscle of my thigh. “It's beautiful, it's hot, it smells good, it's soft...”
A shiver ran down my spine when something told me Samuel wasn’t talking about the color anymore.
“It sounds irresistible”, I said. 
“And it is”, he said, his gaze fixing to my lips. 
I narrowed my eyes. 
“Are you flirting with me wearing a headband?”
And wasn’t it working?
His smile grew. 
“The secret is confidence, not appearance.”
“I thought you couldn't smile with that mask.”
“It wasn't written on the label.”
“Lydia!”, Rafa shouted. I turned around. “Your turn!”, Eloisa moved away from them, lifting her chin to prevent the cream from running down her face, the shade of the dark mask mixing with her skin.
No one seemed to notice the light caress of Samuel's fingers on my thigh. I winked at him before getting up and walking towards Rafa, pinning my curls in a high ponytail.
I put the glasses on my shirt collar and Rafa swiped the mixture on my face. Heitor and Alicia were gone. So, after me, only Rafa was left to put on themselves. Lifting my chin to keep the still-gelatinous cream from falling off my face, I sat down next to Eloisa and leaned my back against the wall.
Flavia had sat on the deck chair next to Samuel. From where I was, it was not possible to know what they were talking about, but I had an idea.
We were all on vacation and spent most of our day doing nothing. So it was easy to think that a lot much time had passed, when a lot had already happened in a short space of time.
At the beginning of the holidays Flavia and Samuel were at a crossreoads about whether they would go back or not. They had held back because of Eloisa and me, but when the truth came out, everything seemed to work out between them. When Flavia confessed in the prank that they had kissed I thought the two had already gone back together. I think everyone thought that, actually.
Then, something happened and the two seemed distant again. Samuel seemed 100% sure they had no return. However, now thinking about Flavia's behavior when he told everyone that he had gone out with someone... she didn't look jealous, but she also didn't look comfortable.
Five years is too long. A five-year relationship shouldn't be easy to end. Whether they liked it or not, they meant a lot to each other and perhaps still did.
Furthermore, they still considered themselves friends. Ending a relationship was already difficult, I can't imagine what it would be like if I needed to continue seeing my ex.
Maybe I was just the girl who got in the middle of their story. 
I didn't want to believe that, but it could be true. 
But what’s the problem if that was the case? I wasn't in love... yet. I had also come out of a shitty relationship. I wasn't sure if I was prepared for another one.
And Samuel was still my sister's boyfriend. 
Even if our relationship turned into something serious, I couldn't be seen with him for the next year. It was six months before Eloisa graduated and the agreement between them ended, but after I doubt my parents would approve our relationship.
It wouldn't make any sense to start dating Samuel less than six months after he broke up with Eloisa. But if waiting six months would not be enough, how much would it be? One year? A year and a half? Two years?
Date someone in secret like that.... 
Samuel and Flavia got up from the loungers. The mask had already dried on their faces and Samuel winked at me as he passed. That stupid little headband was not capable of making him any less masculine, or any less handsome.
They disappeared into the house and I watched the sky, my head leaning against the wall. 
Maybe I was thinking too much about someone who I was just meant to kiss, and that’s it. 
I caught movement in the corner of my eye. 
“What are you doing?”, I asked Eloisa.
Her cell phone was open in an app. It was from a bank. I stared at the number in front of the screen.
“Do you have all that money?!”, I almost screamed.
“Keep it down!”, Eloisa said, widening her eyes and turning off her cell phone.
Rafa and Tom didn't seem very interested. They had taken the place of Flavia and Samuel on the sun loungers.
Damn. I knew my sister had money, but not all of that.
“You can buy a car!”, I mumbled.
An old, not very fancy car, but still a car. 
“I know!”, my sister murmured back.
“What's all it for?”
“I need money to move out.”
“This money is more than enough to move!”
Eloisa rolled her eyes. “That money is my safety blanket, Lydia.”
“For what?”
“To make sure I will not have to humiliate myself and go back to my parents' house after three months or whatever.”
I frowned. “I thought you would only move out if you got a job.”
Eloisa shook her head. 
“In six months I will move with or without a job. If I get a job, I won't need that money, from there I will decide what to do with it. If I don't get a job, I will use that money to support myself. I'll have a year to get work.”
‘One year?!”
Eloisa nodded. “I have money to support myself for a year”, she said. 
“Did you save all of it in these four years of college?”
She nodded again. 
“Wow. I knew you had money, but I didn't know it was that much.”
“I still need to save money for the furniture. Maybe I need to buy a bed, pillow, pans... Basic items, you know?”
“Isn't the value you have enough already?”
Eloisa shook her head. “Every single cent is meant for something Lydia. It is the exact amount for twelve months of living alone. And all the bills I'm probably going to have to pay. If I take a some to buy the furniture the money will no longer guarantee me the twelve months.”
“Then what are you going to do?”
Eloisa shrugged. “Make more in these next six months, right?”
“I hope it works.”
“It will”, Eloisa said, a new emotion crossed her eyes. “I'm almost there.”
I nodded, swallowing. 
She was almost there.
I'd never been so proud. 

Chapter 21
“Where are Alicia and Heitor?”, Eloisa asked, putting the sunscreen in her arms.
We were in Flavia and Rafa's room. All in swimsuits. Rafa in shorts for the first time, Flavia, Eloisa and me in a bikini. Tom was the only one who was still wearing his shirt.
“I think they went hiking”, Rafa said, pinning up their hair.
Flavia made a face, as if they had said they were going to eat insects. 
“You can't expect less from someone who owns a gym”, Tom said, leaning his arm against the doorframe.
“She also owns a pizzeria”, Flavia replied, folding a towel on her forearm.
My reflection in the closet mirror frowned. 
“Which pizzeria?”, I asked, looking away from Flavia.
“The one on Guimaraes Rosa Avenue”, she replied. 
“Ohh.”
It was one of the most famous pizzerias in town. 
Damn. What else did she own?
“What are you talking about?”, Samuel came up behind Tom, wearing only sweatpants. His gaze fell on me in the corner of the room.
Eloisa offered me the sunscreen and I accepted it, looking away from Samuel's bare chest, well aware that my bikini was really tiny. Not that I thought I had that many curves to stand out. Or curves that I could be proud of.
“Your mother's fortune”, Rafa said, catching Samuel's attention. 
“Does his mother have a fortune?”, I asked, raising my eyebrows, teasing him.
Samuel acted oblivious. 
“I don't know about any fortune.” 
Rafa rolled their eyes and turned to me.
“His mother owns four businesses that she doesn't manage and three houses she rents”, they said. “That we know by now”, they added.
“Wow”, I let it slip, while sitting on the bed to apply sunscreen on my legs.
“She's not the owner”, Samuel said, his gaze straying from my face to my legs. “She has stake in these companies. As for the houses, it is true.”
Rafa shrugged. 
“Same thing”, they said, before leaving the room, walking between Samuel and Tom.
Flavia put a cap on her head and followed them. Eloisa started to go with them but I opened my mouth.

“Aren't you going to take the towel?”, I asked, getting up and applying sunscreen on my hips.
“Oh, right”, she said, before entering the bathroom and returning with the towel. “You coming?”, she asked me.
I shook my head, rubbing the cream over my cheeks in front of my reflection in the mirror. 
“I'll be down shortly”, I said. 
Eloisa nodded and turned to Samuel and Tom, still at the door. 
“What about you?”
Tom nodded. Samuel shook his head.
“I'll stay in the room a little longer before I go”, he said, pointing his thumb at the room in front of ours.
The room he was supposed to sleep in with Tom. Samuel glanced at me and something in my belly turned in anticipation.
Eloisa shrugged. 
“Then come on, Tom”, she said, leaving the room. Tom followed her.
Samuel pretended to go back to the room and I started to put the sunscreen on my shoulders. I heard Eloisa and Tom's footsteps against the wood of the stairs dissipate and Samuel returned seconds later, with a malicious smile. I found myself unable to make a reaction. My heart was beating madly against my chest. Samuel entered the room, closing the door as he came in, locking it with a soft click.
I let my hands fall off my shoulders. Samuel's eyes took in every detail of me. They ran through my loose hair, my face, my breasts, my belly, my legs... and finally my eyes. I swallowed, under the depth of his gaze.
“Did you already spread it on your back?”
It took me a while to find my voice.
“No.”
His lips twitched upward, gently.
“Want help?”
I hesitated for a second before extending the bottle to him. Samuel's expression did not change. He approached slowly, cautious as if I would change my mind any minute. But I really wanted him to touch me for a change of mind.
Samuel positioned himself behind me and poured the cream into his hands. I straightened up, twisted my hair and held it over my head. Samuel tossed the sunscreen bottle on the bed behind him and slid his fingers over my shoulders. His eyes met mine through the mirror, looking at me with a disturbing intensity. I shivered from head to toe.
Samuel's eyes remained on mine when his fingers slid from my shoulders to my ribs, brushing my bikini string and skin close to my breasts with slow circles. The touch sent a tingling torrent through my body and I shivered. Samuel was more serious than ever, mesmerized by my body's reactions. He came over, almost gluing his chest on my back, letting his hands go down ...
In a monk's haste, his fingers slid to my hips, pulling me towards him. I lost my breath when something solid and hard pressed against my ass. Samuel's lips brushed my neck and his hands cupped my ass, spreading his fingers, grabbing the elastic of my bikini and sticking me completely to his body. I gasped and released my hair, needing to use my hand to support myself against the wall. Samuel groaned, his lips against my neck, his hips brushing mine.
Completely stunned, with my free hand, I grabbed his hair. Something like a supplication must have sliped my lips, but Samuel didn't move his hands where I wanted them so badly. He smiled against my neck and teased me, pulling his fingers away from the perfect destination and squeezing my thighs. So close to where I wanted to be. So close. I groaned, like a dissatisfied cat, clenching my fingers in his hair.
A choked, shaky breath scaped Samuel's throat and he released my thigh, straightening up and sliding his hands back to my back. I huffed, impatient, letting go of his hair and holding the other hand still against the wall. I wouldn't dare take a step, knowing that my legs had probably turned to jelly. Samuel's fingers moved to the knot of my bikini around my neck and my body tingled with the expectation.
He said nothing when he looked at me through the mirror. With one hand still on my waist, locking our bodies, he undid the knot around my neck. I pressed my free forearm to my breasts, preventing the bikini from falling off at the last minute. Samuel undid the second knot on my back and the fabric didn't fall off, because I was still holding it against my chest.
Absorbed by my vision in the mirror, Samuel moved closer, his hands gripping my waist, sticking his nose into my neck. 
“Oh, Lydia”, he said, his voice shaking, making me shiver completely. I swallowed, closing my eyes. “I'm desperate”, Samuel whispered, his lips against the sensitive skin on my neck.
I was too. 
A lot. 
I opened my eyes and freed my breasts from the grip of my arm. In an instant, the tiny bikini fabric fell in front of me. The pressure of Samuel's fingers on my body increased. His eyes devoured every detail of our image reflected in the mirror. My legs, my body covered only by tiny panties, his fingers pressing the skin on my waist, gluing our hips, the curve of my breasts, my trembling hand that still held the wall beside us, my face, my eyes...
There was a new emotion in Samuel's eyes. One that I couldn't identify. I was starting to get impatient. He just stood there, just looking at me, just consuming our image in the mirror... I opened my mouth, about to... I don't know... implor him to do something? Say something? Had he regretted it? Didn't he want to continue?
A loud thump echoed from the hall and I froze. Samuel finally seemed to wake up from his torpor and his eyes widened behind me. Our gaze moved to the door. The sound of footsteps echoed across the wooden floor and Samuel moved away. I bent down to pick up a shirt of mine thrown on the floor. The handle turned and I was livid. The door did not open and I exhaled, relieved.
“Lydia?!”, Eloisa shouted from the other side.
I turned around, just in time to see Samuel get under the double bed. 
“I'm in here!”, I said, mortified, passing the blouse quickly over her head.
“Open the door for me! I forgot my headphones.”
I finished with the blouse and walked towards the door. The room was so messy, with suitcases, backpacks and clothes everywhere that there was no way Samuel could be noticed. I opened the door, facing Eloisa.
“Why did you lock the door?”, She asked, entering the room.
There was a suitcase right in front of the double bed, completely blocking Samuel's view from under it. Even so, I swallowed hard when Eloisa approached the bed, the headphones she was looking for, huddled between a handful of clothes.
“I...”, I started. “I was in the bathroom.”
Eloisa took the head phones and turned to me. 
“And you had to lock the door?”
“Ahem...”, my voice broke.
Eloisa narrowed her eyes.
“I was doing the number two, ok?”
I think all the blood was drained from my body. I had to rest my hand on the cupboard because a crazy feeling of numbness invaded my bones. Eloisa got my expression wrong:
“Are you okay? Couldn’t do it? Need some medicine?”
“Eloisa, for God's sake!”
Eloisa laughed. 
“Everybody shits, Lydia, you don't have to act like it's weird.”
Holy shit.
I didn't want to imagine Samuel's reaction.
“Can we stop talking about it?”
Eloisa rolled her eyes.
“Whatever”, she said, before turning to the bathroom and then looking back at me. “At least you closed the door, right?”, she said, passing me. “Because nobody needs....”
“For the love of God!”, I groaned, following her.
Eloisa laughed, already in the corridor. 
I turned to close the bedroom door, just in time to hear a low laugh resounding from the double bed. So low that if I hadn't known Samuel was there, I never would have paid attention.
I slammed the door so hard that it is an enigma why the handle did not leave with me.

Chapter 22
In a room on the first floor, there was a TV. It was a small room, perhaps slightly larger than a bathroom. The floor was lined with a fluffy rug and filled with colorful pillows. Other than that, there was a panel and a television. 
I never failed to be impressed by the minimalism of the house. 
We were all huddled together, watching a TV program. Rafa lying on the floor, Eloisa and Tom sitting next to them. I had lined the corner of the wall with some pillows to support my back and was sitting next to Flavia with Frida on my lap.
With Eloisa and I at home every other day, my dog had become quite lonely during the beginning of the vacation. For the first time, we had decided to bring her with us to the house. The idea was so good that I don't know why I hadn't thought about it before.
She ran across the lawn as soon as we arrived, with her tongue out and barking a lot. She met Femur and Tibia, played and fought with them a dozen times in a matter of minutes. She was also pampered by everyone. Especially Rafa and Tom, who loved dogs. Now Frida was resting on my lap, her eyes closed, receiving my caresses, exhausted after lunch.
Rafa snorted with something the host of the show said, capturing my attention. 
“Isn’t there nothing worse going on then this?”, Flavia asked, giving up on watching TV and pulling her cell phone out of her pocket.
“How about a series?”, Eloisa asked.
“How about a movie?”, Tom said at the same time.
“Where's Samuel?”, Rafa asked, sitting up.
“He went to get something in town”, I replied. 
We texted more frequently lately. Although we didn't spend hours messaging each other or anything. After Eloisa interrupted our moment in the room, I was too embaressed to do so.
Samuel had put on a pair of shorts and came down minutes later. He let a chuckle out everytime his gaze met mine. At first, I rolled my eyes with mockery, but after the third time I looked at him with such intensity that I wondered why he hadn't blow up in front of me yet.
He stopped when he realized that he was irritating me and tried to pull me aside to talk several times, but I ignored him everytime. I made excuses and avoided him until he seemed to give up. I thought I had won by the end of the afternoon.
Flavia, Tom and Rafa were still in the pool. Eloisa was already in the car, waiting for me. I grabbed my backpack and was about to cross the door when Samuel stopped me. He pulled me into the nearest bathroom, locked the door and pressed his lips to mine.
I dropped my backpack on the floor immediately and he glued our bodies together, pressing my hips against the marble in the sink. Inevitably, my lips opened under his and Samuel deepened the kiss, sliding his fingers over the back of my neck and encircling my waist with his free arm. He groaned when I scratched his back with my nails and I gasped when he brushed his hips against mine.
“I adore your mouth”, he murmured, placing my face in his hands. 
I took advantage of the pause to catch my breath. Samuel slowly took my glasses off my face and rested them on the counter. Then he put my face back in his hands and brushed his lips gently over mine. The mere peck left me tingling. I grabbed him by the shoulders, he had put on a T-shirt (why hadn't I noticed that?), And pulled him closer.
“Don't be mad at me”, he asked, fixing his gaze on mine. 
How could I? 
I just nodded, swallowing. 
“I mean it. I think your mouth is my favorite part”, Samuel said, brushing his thumb over my lips, as if they were a precious stone.
I laughed. His eyes lit up.
“See you tomorrow?”, he asked, reluctantly giving me space.
I immediately missed his warmth. I nodded, putting my glasses on my face again and picking up my backpack from the floor.
“See you tomorrow”, I said, hand on the doorknob.
But I hadn't come back to see him the next day.
With my parents it was only every other day. Even though they believed that Alicia and Heitor were in the house every day.
However, I was here today. And he wasn’t.
Flavia beside me got up and left the room. Rafa, Eloisa and Tom started to discuss what movie they would see. I didn't pay attention. Frida stretched her body on my lap and I melted with her innocent expression. Then her little ears went up and she narrowed her eyes at the door. I continued to caress her belly but she ignored me, jumped off my lap and disappeared through the doorway. I got up to follow her.
“Where are you going?”, Eloisa asked. Rafa and Tom stopped talking to watch me.
“Frida probably wants water or something”, I said.
“Will you make popcorn for us?”, My sister asked.
“Have you decided on the movie yet?”
“We will put Call Me By Your Name”, Rafa said. 
I blinked. 
“Haven't you seen it yet?”, I asked.
Tom looked at me.
“Have you?”, he asked.
“Obviously.”
“Do you want to see it?”, Eloisa asked.
I shrugged my shoulders. 
“It's a good movie, but you don't have to wait for me. I'll get the popcorn.”
She nodded and I left the room before they started to debate again. 
Frida was scratching the wooden entrance door when I arrived. The doors of our house were practically all ruined because of it. I scolded her and, at great cost, managed to get her to stop. She stared at me with those unsatisfied eyes and I walked to the window under the kitchen sink to get a better look at what was bothering her so much.
Samuel had arrived. From where I was, I couldn't see his face, just his brown hair. He was sitting on one of the loungers, looking defeated and with his elbows on his thighs. Flavia had sat next to him, circling and patting him comfortably on the back. She said something and Samuel lifted his head to face her.
I'm glad I was wearing glasses, otherwise I might’ve thought he was crying. But he was not. His eyes were curved in a clear expression of concern, but he looked fine. Samuel's hand pressed the bare skin above the knee on Flavia's thigh and he said something. Flavia's hand that soothed him went up to his shoulders, massaging the bone there. They were so close that I waited for the kiss that never came.
They seemed so intimate in that position; as if they had already been before several times. It was certainly what it looked like. They had been each other's first love experiences and the bonds of friendship still remained.
Their relationship was so old... They seemed to have such a healthy dynamic... Was their story really over? It definitely didn't seemed like it.
I wondered for a minute what it would be like to have a relationship like that. Flirt with someone throughout adolescence. Growing up with that person, finding yourself with that person... facing the hormones, the pressures from all sides with someone. All of Samuel's teenage memories probably included Flavia. The bond would be too strong. I can't imagine getting over this relationship would be easy.
It made sense for them to take different paths at some point. Samuel and Flavia started very young and college is a sea of possibilities. You meet more people, open yourself up to new experiences and realize that life is too short to not do what you want to do. Whether professionally or personally.
Samuel, still with his hand on Flavia's thigh, rested his head on her shoulders and sighed, looking up at the sky. Flavia rested her cheek on the top of Samuel's head and let her gaze wander. I found myself thinking how beautiful she was. The skin was many shades lighter than Samuel's, the hair was a shinee natural blond and the eyes were a dark green like grass. The tattoos on her entire body made her appearance slightly intimidating, but I had been with her long enough to know that the first impression did not correspond to reality.
Frida snarled and I turned to look at her. She turned to the door and started to scratch the wood again. I rolled my eyes and went to calm my dog. I still needed to prepare the popcorn and go back to the living room. I did all this without looking back at Flavia and Samuel again.
If they needed time to talk that was ok. 
If they wanted to do more than that... Well, my conscience was clear. 
And I didn't want to know. 

Chapter 23
Flavia and Samuel only returned in the middle of the film. 
She sat down next to me again and Samuel placed a pillow on Rafa's lap before lying down with his head there. He glanced at me a few times, pulling his lips up, acknowledging my existence. I reciprocated a few times, but not often. The thoughts I had when I watched them in the kitchen still plagued me.
The film ended right when Eloisa and I needed to go home. Samuel tried to pull me to talk before we left, but we couldn't be alone without anyone being suspicious. So I left and he sent me a message at night.
Samuel: How are you?
Me: fine, you?
I wanted Samuel to explain to me why he had taken so long to enter the house; if Flavia went outside because he called her. Why hadn't he called me? I wanted... I needed him to tell me that nothing between them had changed, that I didn't need to feel insecure.
He typed for a long minute before finally sending: “I'm fine too”. 
I sighed when I saw the message. Whatever, then.
“Good night”, I replied, hanging up the phone and going to bed. 
***
Two days went by without anything being mentioned. 
Samuel and I exchanged messages, memes and stickers. We talked about the trivial stuff and a other things, but we didn't touch on the topic of Flavia. Fucking hell, I had never wanted to talk about a third woman with a guy more in my life.
“Do you know what the best part of being a lesbian is?”, Eloisa asked, starting the car.
“What?”, I asked, buckling the belt.
“Multiple orgasms.”
I laughed out loud. She had a smile on her face. In a few days, Barbara would arrive from a trip and I had never seen my sister so excited. I was happy for her, but this situation just reminded me that the vacation was over. And I never wanted to stay in this town so much.
“When are you going to introduce us?”, I asked.
She started to go on about the thousands of occasions she arrenge to introduce us, but I lost track of what she was saying. We listened to music the rest of the trip, Eloisa was barely able to pay attention to the traffic, she was so excited. She parked and we got out of the car.
“Here, already?”, Rafa asked, in shorts and T-shirt, leaving the house with a handful of plastic bags in their hands.
“Need help with the trash?”, I asked, hoping they would say no.
“Yes!”, they said, holding out a handful of bags. I got them. “Finally someone offered! Bunch of slackers!”
“This lazy girl here”, Eloisa said, pointing to herself. “Is withdrawing herself. Bye!”
With that she ran, disappearing uphill.
“You were the best acquisition we've ever made”, Rafa said, turning to me as if my sister were just an annoying child they were keen to ignore. 
I laughed and followed them towards the trash cans, across the land. 
“Is everyone awake?’, I asked when we reached the wastebaskets.
“As far as I know, Flavia is the only one”, Rafa said, opening one of the baskets.
Immediately a rotten smell reached my nostrils.
“God! that stuff stinks! What did you do? Did you kill a skunk?”
“Something like that.”
With a grimace, Rafa boldly began to shove the trash bags into the baskets. The smell threatened to make me cry and I walked away, leaving the other trash bags next to the basket so Rafa could pick them up. Rafa rolled their eyes when they realized that they would have to put my bags in the basket too.
“I take back what I said about you being the best acquisition of the group.”
“A woman has limits”, I said, crossing my arms. 
Rafa snorted, taking my bags. They opened another wastebasket and threw the last remaining bags. I covered my nose with the collar of my shirt, wanting them to end that torture and that horrible odor of cow manure. About to close the baskets, the lid in Rafa's hands stopped in the air when they narrowed their eyes to the trash.
“What is it?”, I asked.
Their eyes never left the basket.
“There's a used condom in the trash”, they replied. 
I blinked. 
“What?’
“There's a used condom in the trash”, they repeated, finally looking at me.
I shook my head, completely stunned. 
“How is this possible?”, I murmured.
“Come here!”, Rafa said. Automatically, I approached the basket, forcing the shirt fabric against my nose.
I quickly walked away as soon as I saw what I didn't want to see. 
“Holy shit!”, I almost shouted, trying to suppress that image.
Rafa covered the basket and walked away from the odor too. 
“You saw it too, right?”, they asked, beside me, covering they face with the shirt like me.
Eloisa hadn't seen her girlfriend since the beginning of the month. Besides, she was a lesbian, for God's sake. Someone came in that damn condom. Tom didn't seem interested in anyone but Rafa, and Rafa seemed uninterested in anyone other than themself. Only Flavia remained.
And Samuel. 
“Someone is having sex in this house”, Rafa said. “And it's not me.”
Anger tensioned my muscles, the smell of the garbage started to become more than unbearable and my eyes watered against my will. Rafa didn't seem to notice, they continued to stare at the wastebasket as if they had seen a phantom apparition.
“Me neither.”

Chapter 24
Rafa, like the beautiful gossiper that they were, decided to look around every corner of every room for evidence that incriminated the culprit. And I helped. Mainly because we had reached the same conclusion:
“I can't believe Samuel and Flavia are having sex and I didn't know. They sleep in my room, damn it!”, they said, turning Flavia's suitcase over like someone digging for gold.
They had asked me to search under the beds. I dragged a handful of clothes over to me and began to spread them out, analyzing them, hoping to find any evidence that they had been worn, or taken off, during sex.
As soon as I realized what I was doing, I huffed, dropping a shirt over the pile. Fuck. Samuel and I were not dating! Why was I here looking for something I didn't want to find?
“And that talk about going out with someone else!”, Rafa continued, murmuring to themselves. “Please!”
Oh, yeah. He was going out with me. Soon after stating that he was not involved with Flavia and that what they had had ended. I went back to scanning the pile of clothes in front of me. I was here to find out if he had lied to me.
“Are you sure you didn't hear anything?”, I asked.
Rafa gave up looking in Flavia's suitcase and got up. 
“I swear to God I didn't hear anything”, they said. “But I've let things like this go by before and I've left them alone a million times since the holidays began.”
“What do you mean by let things go by like this before? And isn't it possible that that condom is old?”
If they had sex before Samuel and I started to get involved, he might not have lied to me, right? 
“It wouldn't be the first time a couple has sex with me sleeping in the bed next to theirs. And that condom is not old. I take out the trash every two days.”
I sighed, Rafa didn't notice but the last bubble of hope inside me had just burst. 
“What are you going to do then?’
“We still haven’t looked in Samuel's suitcase", Rafa said, putting their hand on the handle. “Are you coming with me?”
I got up at once. 
“I wouldn’t miss it for anything.”
We tiptoed out of the room. Loud laughter came from the floor below. Rafa took my wrist and pulled me into the opposite room. The room Samuel would be sleeping in if Tom didn't snore.
I realized that I had never been there before. It had a double bed, a nightstand and a closet. The room had as little furniture as possible like the rest of the house, but it was probably the most organized room since four young people came to live temporarily in the house. The suitcases were piled on top of each other in a corner of the room. No clothes were scattered and no pillows were out of place.
Rafa locked the door with a low click and moved to the nightstand. He pulled hard on the drawer and turned it over, but found nothing. I opened the closet and checked the drawers, but I also found nothing. There were hardly any clothes there.
“Ah-ha!”, Rafa said, after pulling the suitcase from above, resting it on the bed and opening it. “This is Samuel's suitcase”, he murmured, rummaging through the clothes that were there.
I continued rummaging through the closet, dragging the few clothes from side to side, not quite sure what to look for, but wanting to get it over with. God knows when Samuel or anyone else would go up again.
“Oh my God!”, Rafa exclaimed and I turned around. They were staring at me, with their mouth open looking shocked, holding a box of condoms in their hands.
I let go of everything I was doing and approached, my heart galloping like an anguished horse. Slowly Rafa opened the box and took a good look at the contents.
“And?”, I asked.
Rafa looked back at me, for a moment I swore that they knew about my affair with Samuel, because they said quietly, as if they didn't understand anything:
“There is one missing.” 

Chapter 25
“He gave up on becoming a priest to be with her?”, Rafa asked, eyebrows arched and lips curved in disgust.
“Who gave up on becoming a priest?”, Eloisa asked, invading the kitchen, with me after her.
“A girl I met in college was telling me about about a boy she was with”, Flavia said, arms crossed on the counter. 
“And why do you look like that?”, Eloisa asked, sitting on the bench next to Flavia while I went around the counter to be next to Rafa.
“I hate the impossible love cliche”, Rafa said.
“It is no longer impossible, he left the priesthood”, Flavia said.
Rafa crossed their arms, unwavered. 
“Then he shouldn't have gone there, to begin with. If he really wanted to, he wouldn't have changed his mind because of the first piece of tail that appeared.”
“Not quite. People change too”, Flavia said.
“Do they really change?”, I asked, crossing my arms.
She hadn't changed. She still liked the same guy since she was fourteen. Rafa narrowed their eyes at me, as if they understood what I was getting at and didn't like it.
After we found the condom box in Samuel's suitcase, Rafa had decided that they didn't want to interfere in Samuel and Flavia’s thing and asked me to be quiet. What I did willingly. I didn't want to talk to him. I knew I would need to sometime, but not that day. I needed to absorb the facts first, think and calm down.
I tried to act normally the rest of the day. Except that Samuel had noticed my distance. He tried to get me to talk several times, but I stuck with Rafa like a nerdy teenager with a playboy magazine.
Fortunately, I managed to get Eloisa to take us home early, pretending to be sick. When I got home, I noticed that Samuel had sent me a handful of messages throughout the day:
“I want to talk to you, where are you?”, at 10:15 am.
“Are you weird around me or is it just me?”, 12:57 pm.
“Did I do something?”, at 1:20 pm.
“I'm on the second floor, can you come up? I need to talk to you”, at 4:12 pm.
I barely finished viewing the messages and he started typing. 
“Did something happen?", he sent.
You inside your ex girlfriend, I reply in my mind. 
“Sorry, I didn't see your messages, I'm not feeling well today”, I sent, knowing that he would have confirmation that something was different if I didn't answer. He started typing again and I added, “I think I will feel better if I get some sleep.”
He stopped typing, then started again. Within seconds, the response was sent.
Samuel: ok. 
Samuel: get better soon.
Samuel: see you tomorrow?
Me: see you tomorrow.
Only I didn't text him first the next day, he did. I answered all the messages he sent promptly, but without much interest in maintaining the conversation. Samuel must have figured it out, because around seven pm he disappeared.
Flavia shrugged and my daydream went away.
“I changed, I realized that I am bi, for example.” 
“That's not necessarily changing, is it?”, Rafa said.
“I wouldn't have found out if I hadn't broken up with Samuel. Nor would I have found out if I hadn't gone to college. Changes.”
“I wouldn't have found out, either, if I hadn't gone to college”, Eloisa said. “And you know what the worst part is? The way my parents' religion paints college, as if a freshman's first rite of passage was an orgy. As if college was a place of doom and damnation”, she rolled her eyes.
“The only thing I did in college was to realize that there are other people in the world besides me”, Flavia said.
“And I basically spent all my money on fotocopies”, Rafa said.
“What college did you go to?”, I turned to Rafa.
“I stoped in the second semester of law.” 
“Really?! Why did you stop?!”
“People were trash in that place”, Rafa said, turning back to Flavia and Eloisa. 
Eloisa's look alerted me: don't touch on this subject again. Noted. A long moment of tension fell on us and I started to prepare my apology.
“Lydia”, a familiar male voice made me look away. Samuel had just emerged from the TV room. He tilted his head to the side as he watched me. “Come with me to talk for a minute”, he asked. Without waiting for my answer, he started to enter the living room.
Rafa looked at the floor, Eloisa looked confused and Flavia's face was impassive. I uncrossed my arms and walked around the counter, following Samuel. He only stopped after crossing the entire room. Far enough that Rafa, Eloisa and Flavia couldn’t hear, but still see us.
I gave them my back and took a few steps back as I approached Samuel. He was too close to the glass wall and I didn't have the stomach for it, so I tried not to be too close to him.
Although it was close enouth to be slightly terrified, I would never get tired of that view. The cars rested under the shadows of the trees, the green grass extended beyond view and the walls that surrounded the land went on for miles.
“Can you look at me?”, Samuel said and I let my eyes meet his.
He crossed his arms over his chest. It had been a long time since I had looked at his face that closely. The curvature of his eyes was beautiful and delicate as always, he wore jeans and a white T-shirt that highlighted his dark skin.
“Do you want to be an adult and tell me what happened?”, he asked, his eyes locked on mine.
I did not answer. He sighed.
“Does this have anything to do with the condom you found?”
I blinked. 
“Rafa told you?”
Samuel grunted. 
“Fuck, Rafa couldn’t even hide candy from me since elementary school. Of course, they told me.”
“You don't owe me any satisfaction, Samuel, but I have a right not to want to be in the middle of something complicated”, I said sofly, not wanting anyone else to hear. 
Samuel took a step towards me, looking at me with determination.
“You are not in the middle of something complicated.
“And you told me that there was nothing between you!”, I exclaimed.
Samuel uncrossed his arms and put his hands on his hips. 
“Lydia, Flavia and I haven't had sex in four years.”
I blinked. Four years? Haven't they been dating since the beginning of the year?
“I saw you two in the pool together, Samuel”, I said. “You seemed very intimate and were alone for a long time. And I saw the condom too. Do you really want me to believe that?”
He frowned.
“Did you see me with Flavia at the pool?”
I sighed.
“Lydia, for how long did you watch?”
“Not long, if you want to know. You seemed to want privacy and I left.”
It was Samuel's turn to sigh. 
“For God's sake, Lydia, nothing happened!”, he exclaimed, remembering at the last minute to lower his tone.
We quickly looked away at Rafa, Eloisa and Flavia, but they seemed too immersed in their conversation. I turned back to Samuel.
“Your history with Flavia is too long. Too complicated... you said it yourself once. I don't want to be in the middle.”
“I was the complicated part of my story with Flavia”, he said, inches away, looking at me seriously. “I was confused. I thought I was still in love with her. Only I'm not. Whether you were in my life or not wouln’t change our future. We should’t be together.”
“And did you notice that before or after having sex with her?”
Samuel snorted. 
“Honestly, Lydia. Didn’t you hear anything that I just said?”, my lips pulled up and he narrowed his eyes. “Are you kidding me?”
I pursed my lips, wanted to smile but tried to control myself. Incredible as it may seem, I was not jealous of Flavia. Nor was I angry at Samuel for having sex with her. He wasn’t commited to me. I just didn't want to be in the middle of something complicated right now. I also couldn't understand why he didn't immediately tell the truth.
“I'm not angry, Samuel. I just don't like being lied to.”
“But I'm not fucking liying!”, he exclaimed.
We turned to Rafa, Flavia and Eloisa again. We faced each other again when we realized that they couldn't care less.
“Rafa found a box of condoms in his suitcase and one was missing. You know that, right?”
Samuel almost looked bored. 
“And since when that is proof of anything?”, said.
I shrugged my shoulders. 
“It's not proof, but it's an evidence, right? What else would you need a condom for?”
“I thought it would be a good idea to put one in my wallet before we were setting that room on fire, or have you forgotten about it?”, he asked, a mocking smile pulling at his face.
I blushed at the mention of that day and crossed my arms. 
“Good excuse.”
Samuel rolled his eyes and pulled out his wallet. With two movements, he opened his wallet and pulled out a square package.
“Same brand”, he said, showing me the condom. 
I got even more red. 
“Okay, that box doesn't prove anything.”
“Thank you”, he put the condom back in his wallet and it back in his jeans. “Any more questions?”, he asked, crossing his arms, his lips curved in disdain. “Just to be clear, I would love to have used this condom.”
He leaned forward, his face inches from mine. “But with you.”
I took a step back, trying to hide the violent shudder that his words sent across my body. 
“If it wasn't you, then who was it?”
Samuel sighed loudly and shook his head. His eyes wandered to the window and he froze. I followed his gaze. Holy shit. It felt like a divine intervention, because just then a car had right then a car parked. Heitor got out of the driver's seat, closing the door. Alicia, in the passenger seat, left shortly after.
They started up the slope towards the house. Heitor had his hand on Alicia's back.
“Oh, no”, Samuel murmured, mouth opened up, eyes fixed on the window.
Oh, no.

Chapter 26
My parents hadn’t had sex since I found out that was a thing. How could I imagine that Samuel's still do it?
As soon as Alicia and Heitor passed through the entrance door, they came across a petrified Samuel, with me at his side. The smiles of Alicia and Heitor faded as they approached, narrowing their eyes, realizing that something had gone wrong. Rafa, Flavia and Eloisa stopped to observe the scene.
Alicia and Heitor had already set foot in the room when Samuel spoke again.
“Mom and Dad”, unlike Heitor, who opened his eyes wide, Samuel did not seem to realize what he had just called him dad. Crossing his arms, he asked, simply and directly: “Are you having sex?”
Alicia turned white. 
Rafa, Flavia and Eloisa gaped. Rafa was the first one to recover. They nodded at the door at me, blinking a lot and pulling the girls by the wrists. We left the room as quickly as we could without making a sound.
“They will figure it out, right?”, I asked Rafa.
Except for Tom, who was still dozed off on the second floor, Rafa, Flavia and Eloisa and I dispersed in the pool area. Alicia, Heitor and Samuel were still talking on the first floor, behind closed doors.
Rafa, who had leaned their back against a tree, looked at me, crossing their arms. 
“It wasn't that simple last time”, they said.
“Why?”, I asked.
Rafa sighed. 
“Samuel hates their comings and goings.”
I nodded, Samuel had already told me that.
“But don’t you think he’s already a big boy to try to control his parents love life?”
Rafa shook their head.
“It's not about that. Heitor is a Gemini”, they said and I blinked. I had no idea what that meant. Oblivious, Rafa continued: “He is much more detached than Alicia and, as a result, she always suffers more with the break ups. But not for long, she is Libra”, they added quickly.
“I don't know anything about astrological signs”, I said, which Rafa already seemed to understand from my expression. 
“What are you? Virgo?”, they asked.
I nodded my head. 
“Samuel is a Sagittarius, you may not be a very good match.”
I blinked. Did they already know? Since when? Rafa seemed to read my expression again because they said: “Samuel let that slip, accidentally.”
“When?”
“When I let it slip about the condom last night. That's what you were talking about in the room, isn't it?”
I nodded.
“Who else knows?”, I asked.
“Flavia put the pieces together long before me. I don't know if Samuel realized that she knows. And Eloisa still doesn't know, but I'll tell you right away that she won't like it.”
I made a face.
“You think so?”
“I'm sure. Getting involved with her fake boyfriend could ruin a plan that's been going on for a year. And that they took months to build. Eloisa has never been able to do so much thanks to the fake relationship with Samuel and the two of you together has never been more dangerous for her secret. I would be furious in her place. I wouldn’t stop you, and I bet she won’t either, but I would still be furious. Especially with Samuel, he is breaking the only rule they agreed on.”
I looked at the floor. Getting involved with Samuel... being with him was always so nice. Not just the physical aspect, but I really enjoyed talking to him. I enjoyed his company. I always knew it would be a problem, I always imagined that Eloisa would not like it, but I had never stopped to think that she could be furious with me.
“But I don't even live here”, I murmured.
“But you’re Eloisa's sister”, Rafa said, capturing my attention. Surprisingly, understanding seemed to radiate from their eyes. “The only advantage is that you will never tell on them. But Eloisa is so close, Lydia. She only needs six months and she will be free from her parents. This plan has almost been discovered at least a hundred times, but here we are. Just six more months.”
“Have they almost been discovered?”
Rafa nodded. 
“Your parents work in the public sistem and are members of the largest church in town, Lydia. They know everyone. You managed to move alone to a bigger city. Eloisa was not so lucky.”
I nodded, resting my arm on the same tree that Rafa had leaned against. I was silent for a long moment, watching my sister. Eloisa, on the other side of the yard, was swinging on the hammock while Flavia sat on the grass in front of her.
“There was a time that Eloisa went to a bar with Flavia. That was just before she started dating Barbara”, Rafa said. “Did she tell you that?”
I looked away from Eloisa back to Rafa.
“Not that I remember.”
“The bar had practically turned into a club that day. It was dark and crowded. She got really drunk and kissed a girl. In front of everyone, you know?”
I nodded. Rafa continued: “In the following week, her parents started talking about demons and how they had to be careful with the spirits that rebel against God and take possession of their bodies and blahblah.”
A shiver ran through my body and I froze. Rafa nodded at my expression, understanding my horror.
“At the time they foud out she was getting to know Barbara”, Rafa said, looking away from Eloisa. “She started being scared to death by her own shadow. She almost decided to break up everything. Only we interfered and supported her. We told her that we would help her if her parents decided to take some extreme action. Alicia even offered her house. In case your parents kicked her out.”
“But my parents did nothing.”
“As always”, Rafa said, nodding. “Over time they stopped talking about it and Eloisa became even more careful. Then she came up with the idea of faking the relationship with Samuel.”
I sighed and Rafa looked away from me. His lips fluttered upward.
“I also hate the cliché of a impossible love.”
“I don't love Samuel.”
“But you could”, Rafa said. “Loving Samuel is not very difficult.”
“Do you speak from experience?”
Rafa smiled and looked away again at the landscape. Slowly, they nodded.
“I speak from experience”, they said contemplatively. 
“Are you talking about romantic love?”
“If you're asking me if I'm in love with Samuel the answer is a big no.”
I groaned. 
“What do I do, Rafa?”
Rafa sighed and sat on the grass, resting their back against the trunk again. 
“I've been hurt many times, Lydia. Perhaps advice from a person like me is not what you need.”
I sat next to them. 
“I want it anyway.”
Rafa's fingers touching the grass. 
“If I were in your shoes...”, they said, looking at the ground. Then they finally turned their attention back to me. “I wouldn't get seriously involved with Samuel. It's too dangerous for your sister. Besides, there is no near future for you, is there? I imagine your parents are not going to like it very much.”
“God knows what they would think”, I said, leaning my head on the tree trunk. 
“And you're still financially dependent on them. It’s dangerous to oppose what they think is best, isn't it?”
I nodded. Rafa continued:
“Whatever you decide to do, remember Eloisa. What you are doing can cost her education, her freedom and who knows what else. She has the right to come out if she wants, when she wants and how she wants. And remember to protect this thing that pumps blood that you have in the middle of your chest.”
I laughed. Rafa smiled. We were silent for a long moment. Rafa imitated me and leaned their head against the tree trunk.
“I think things are simpler than they seem, Lidia”, they said, looking at me in a painfully understanding way. “You and Samuel are very young. There's still a lot to see. Friendships and professional achievements also make up a person's life. Samuel has a ridiculous habit of throwing everything out because of a passion, but I know that you will be more reasonable.”
I frowned.
“Why do you think that?”
The corner of their lips pulled up. I couldn't help but to reciprocate, Rafa's face lit up when they smiled.
“Because you're Virgo.”

Chapter 27
“Hi”, Samuel said, covering the sun with his body. 
I raised my head.
“Hi”, I returned it. 
“Can I seat here?”
“Feel free.” 
With two movements, he sat next to me in the hammock. His weight sank the fabric so much that I was practically thrown at him. A little embarrassed, I tried to get away, but it was a hammock and I couldn't get very far.
“You look good”, I said, although Samuel's eyes were unreadable to me. The conversation could have gone very well or very badly.
“I'm.... A little stunned, but I'm fine.”
I nodded. He started to swing the hammock with his feet, which, unlike mine, reached the floor. For a moment, I got lost in the landscape before us and the brush of our arms and legs in contact.
“Remember when I told you about Heitor's second wife?”, Samuel said, capturing my attention.
I nodded. 
“The day you saw me at the pool with Flavia she had just returned from a trip.” 
I blinked.
“Oh”, I blinked some more, then asked: “How long has it been since she left?”
The corner of Samuel's lips twitched upward.
“Two years.”
I narrowed my eyes.
“And she just came back now?”
Slowly, he nodded.
“I have a room at Heitor's house, did you know? When I was a teenager and my mother needed to travel for work, I stayed at his house. I started to use the room less over the years, but I still leave some things there. That day I stopped by and ran into her.”
“What was your reaction?”
His eyes dropped from mine and he sighed.
“Heitor was not at home. His ex-wife, Brenda, by the way, hinted that he had slept there that night. I left without wanting to know anything more”, he went on, softly: “Because no matter how much I don't like it when my parents are together, the prospect of them definitively separating is even more painful.”
“Did you think she was back to be with Heitor?”
Samuel looked at me again.
“I thought she was back to bring Heitor with her.”
I frowned. 
“What do you mean?”
“I told you that she does volunteer work around the world, right?”
I nodded. 
“Heitor has always been and will always be a very free guy. You may have interacted with him very little to notice, but sometimes he looks more like a child in a man's body. He hates feeling trapped and giving satisfaction to others more than anything. He gets sick of things and people very easily. He is literally driven by the unknow. As Rafa would probably say”, Samuel rolled his eyes, “he is a Gemini.”
I laughed. 
“Do you know what that means?”, I asked.
Samuel made a face, putting his arm around my shoulders. I took a look around. Samuel and I were the only ones outside, and as far as we could see, there was no one inside the living room.
“More or less. Rafa loves to talk about it and it's kind of impossible to ignore it.”
I got closer, resting my chin on his shoulder. The breeze blew my hair and I found myself looking into Samuel's eyes, wondering how precious this moment seemed.
“Do you think that's why he and your mother have this troubled relationship?”
“It's one of the reasons, for sure.”
“You realized that you called him dad there, right?”
Samuel winced. 
“Slipped away. I think I managed to pretend I didn't notice.”
“Why do you think Heitor would not want you to start calling him a dad?”
I don't think I've ever seen such sadness on Samuel's face until that moment. He looked down.
“I've called him that before. And he didn't like it.”
Slowly, the hammock stopped swinging and I got closer. The corners of his lips went up, but the smile didn't reach his eyes. With his free hand, he laced our fingers.
“If I have a father, Lydia, his name is Heitor. He was always just as present as my mother. He helped with several expenses, actually. He always acts like I am the son he never had, but to call him dad.... When I finally moved into my mother's house, Heitor supported her a lot, even though they were not together. He kept me company, talked to me, played with me, gave me gifts, scolded me, taught me things, helped me with my homework.... One day I called him dad. I was... I don't know ... playing or something and I said “Dad, can you give me something? Or whatever” and he...”
I took a look at the surroundings before turning to focus on him again, pressing our interlaced fingers, indicating for him to proceed. Samuel sighed.
“He didn't do anything much... He... He looked surprised, of course, but... He kind of ignored me and left quickly. After that he didn't show up again for almost a month. I remember asking my mother if I had done something wrong, if I had hurt him or something... she hugged me and said that everything was fine and that it was Heitor who had to put his head in place... that I hadn't done anything wrong. I remember the distance hurt. I felt rejected and.... I may not remember my biological family, and I don't even want to, but if there's one thing I remember, it's the feeling of rejection. I felt very bad and when Heitor came back I never called him that again.”
“I'm sorry.”
Samuel's face curved in an expression of false indifference. He shrugged.
“It's OK. After a while I started to realize that Heitor has this thing with... his freedom. Most of the time he always seems to be about to abandon everything and everyone and go off to great adventure.”
“So you thought he was going to leave you two and go back to the marriage with his ex on the other side of the world?”
“Exactly. I wanted to tell you, but... Flavia sent a message as soon as I got here and...”, he shrugged again. “She has known me for a long time. At that moment, I desperately wanted to be comforted by someone who already understood the situation.”
I nodded.
“I get it.”
He untangled our fingers and brushed a strand of hair away form my face. 
“I thought you would understand.”
Samuel's fingers fell on his lap and I pulled back just far enough to try to contain my urge to kiss him. His arm remained around my shoulders and I looked at him.
“And what happened inside?”, I asked, indicating the house with my thumb.
“Well, it turns out that Brenda didn't come back to take Heitor, apparently. She came to sign the divorce papers.”
I raised my eyebrows. 
“So your parents are together?”
Samuel nodded slowly. 
“You don't seem happy with that.”
“It is not the first time they get back and it probably won't be the last.”
“Do you really think so?”
He blew out a long breath before answering. 
“I don't want to be disappointed, Lydia.”
“If you don't want to, can you imagine them?”
The corner of Samuel's lips twitched upward. 
“They told me they started doing couple therapy. They are too old for these comings and goings, I hope it works.”
“What if it doesn't work?”
“Are you also pessimistic?”
“No... I mean, what if their love is just complicated? If... I don't know... What if it shouldn't be different?”
Samuel shrugged. 
“As long as they keep loving each other and talking to each other, I don't care. But I definitely don't want anything like that for me.”
“Rafa said that you have the habit of dropping everything for a passion.”
Samuel did not seem frightened by the change of topic. 
“Rafa talks too much”, he said, pulling me closer. 
I allowed my head to lean against his chest. Hugging him around his waist, I inhaled his perfume and felt his breath on my hair. I could get used to that. I could stay there forever.
Rafa was right, it was not hard to love Samuel.
I could easily fall in love with that guy.

Chapter 28
The orange hues of the sun invaded the room, illuminating the boy wrapped in the blankets. With my hand still on the doorknob, I called Samuel's name countless times. He didn't even move. I gave up and walked over to the bed, closing the door behind me. With two movements, I lifted the hem of the blanket and tickled his feet.
Within seconds, Samuel started to shake, as if he were convulsing. 
“Hey!”, he said, sitting up abruptly, moving his feet away from me.
I smiled and Samuel narrowed his eyes, as if he were trying to distinguish me. He was shirtless and I congratulated myself on the achievement of looking at his face. Then Samuel's eyes widened in recognition and he moved his hands to his ears.
“Ear plugs?”, I asked, tilting my head. “Oh, really?”
The corners of his lips twitched upward and he put the earplugs in a box on the nightstand. 
“How else would I survive Tom's snoring? I've heard horns quieter than him.”
“It's past noon, you know?”
“Did lunch already happen?”
I shook my head, the corner of my lips lifted stubbornly.
“Then I'm not interested”, he said, before going back to bed and folding his arms under his head to face me.
I rolled my eyes.
“You didn't go back to sleep here because I accused you of having sex with Flavia, right?”, I asked, quietly. I didn't want Samuel to give up sleeping in the same bed as his best friend, as he had done thousands of times, just because I was in the game.
The expression on his face did not change. 
“Lock the door”, he said. 
As soon as I did, Samuel tapped the place beside him on the bed. Maybe I was falling in love, because he had just woken up and I thought he was one of the most beautiful men on earth. Slowly, I walked over and sat down. He held out his arms to me and smiled. I returned the smile and threw myself at him.
“I think Tom was sad that I moved to another room”, he said, his fingers stretching over my back, drawing tender circles. I rested my chin on his chest. “Before it was like a joke. I think he thought it was an excuse to sleep with Flavia, but then he seemed to realize that I was serious.”
“How long has it been since you went back to sleeping here?”
“Since I told everyone I was seeing someone. Didn't Rafa let that slip away when you guys invaded and turned over my suitcase?”
I made a face. 
“I'm sorry about that”, I said, lifting myself up on my elbow. With my free hand, I brushed my fingertips over his cheekbones. In addition to touching him, I wanted to distract him. If he prolonged on the matter, I would sink even more into a pit of shame.
Apparently it worked, because he brushed his thumb over my cheek, his eyes glazed over the line his finger traced across my face. 
“I think your freckles are my favorite part.”
“I thought it was my lips.”
His eyes slid to my lips.
“Great, now I can't decide.”
I smiled. 
“You can't kiss me, you just woke up.”
He looked back at me and narrowed his eyes. 
“You are note going to make me get up, are you?”
I shrugged my shoulders. 
“I won't kiss you if you don't brush your teeth.”
“I study dentistry and you're the one who cares about oral hygiene”, he said, half smiling. 
“Someone has to be responsible here.”
With a mixture of a grunt and a laugh, Samuel laid me on the mattress beside him and stood up. Stretching like a cat, he walked towards the door. I sat on the mattress. With his fingers already on the doorknob, he pointed at me with his free hand.
“Take off your glasses”, he said, before disappearing into the hall. 
I never wanted a mirror as much as I did then. I took the glasses off my face and placed them on the nightstand. I lifted my head again and saw Rafa walking through a door in the hall, their lips drawn in a mocking smile. I got up off the bed quickly, about to leave the room when Samuel came back.
“What are you doing?”, he asked, closing the door, locking it.
“Rafa saw me.”
“And? They already know” he approached.
“Samuel, this is playing with fire. Eloisa is here.
He looked around the room. 
“Where? here?”, he asked, raising his eyebrows, a mocking smile spreading across his face.
I rolled my eyes. 
“Stop thinking”, he asked, sliding his fingers down my thighs, relishing the musculature. 
A good shiver went down my spine and, uncontrollably, my hands slid to his chest. For a second, I was distracted by his soft hair and smooth skin.
“You know you're asking me for the impossible, don't you?”, I asked, my eyes searching for his, my body wanting to pull him closer and my mind deviating to people downstairs.
“I'll do my best”, he pulled the back of my knees. 
I fell back on the bed, surprised. The mattress creaked with my weight. With two movements, he was on top of me, his hips between my thighs. He placed his forearm beside my head and, with his free hand, brushed his thumb across my face. I fit his neck in my hands. Samuel leaned over and planted a delicate kiss on my cheek.
“They are my favorites”, he whispered, dragging his lips gently to my other cheek. I shivered at the touch, at the words. Slowly, Samuel leaned closer, brushing his mouth over mine.
I slid my hands down his lower back and parted his lips. Unlike all other times, the kiss was slow, delicate and reverent, making my whole body shiver. The contact between our lips deepened and my nails trailed down his back, scratching them.
“I love when you do that”, Samuel murmured, amid the elaborate and delicious choreography his tongue did on my lips.
I didn't answer, enjoying the kiss too much. His body clung to mine, pressing his weight against me. I wrapped my legs around his waist, needing more of his weight, more of his proximity.
“I love when you do that”, I mumbled, when his lips left mine and started tracing a wet, delicate trail around my neck. 
My fingers reached his lower back and I brushed our hips. He groaned and placed my face in his hands, lying on his side so as not to suffocate me with his weight. Our legs were entwined and I pulled his mouth back to mine, stroking his back as he liked.
A hand sliped from my face and went over my body, generating tingles where it touched. Samuel grabbed my ass, pulling me closer. With his free hand, he stuck his fingers in my hair and I groaned when his lips continued to tease mine.
I was hot everywhere, but there were too many clothes separating us...
A loud knock resounded against the door and we stopped. 
“Samuel, come help with lunch!”, Tom exclaimed, almost shouting from the hall. “Flavia is telling us to come and help. Come on!”
“I'm coming!”, Samuel shouted. His lips were very close to my ear and I cringed. “Give me a minute! I'll be right down!”
“Okay!”, Tom shouted. Then the sound of footsteps resonated across the wooden floor.
I exhaled the air I didn't know I was holding in and Samuel looked away from me. He smiled and pinched my ass.
“Ouch!”, I said.
His smile widened, he stuck his nose in my neck and groaned. His hand slid down, where my butt met my thigh and I moved my fingers from his back to his chest, exploring his smooth skin. He reached into my shorts and squeezed a buttock, before gently kissing my neck and letting me go, lying on his back on the bed.
He covered his eyes with his forearm and I laid down beside him before sighing. All I wanted was a room, a bed and the two of us. Alone. Was that too much to ask? Fuck.
“Who goes first?”, I asked.
 He finally removed his forearm from his face and looked at me. 
“You”, he replied, his lips lifting upward. 
I didn't have to look down to understand why.
Slowly, I got up, walked over to the door and unlocked it. I couldn't wait for the day that would have my own place and I wouldn't have to sneak around other peoples' houses. Having heard no one in the hall, I opened the door.
Making sure that Samuel and I were the only ones still on the second floor, I left, without looking back once. 
***
At school, I never allowed myself to have feelings for boys, because I thought I wouldn't be reciprocated. Once at June fest, when I was still very young, the class was divided into pairs and there was only me and a boy left. He said he didn't want to dance with me because I was ugly, because my hair was ugly. I was also the only black girl in class. That day, I defended myself by saying that I also didn't want to dance with him because of my religion. As the party, in its origin, was a tribute to saints like Saint John and Saint Anthony, my family preferred that I did not participate, since we did not revere the saints.
But it would just be a party. It would just be a dance. Over time, the meaning of the tradition had been lost. And I wanted to dance. My parents would not object to that. But I had no one, so I never participated in São João. Eloisa had been through something similar too. So we both never attended the party.
My first kiss was last year. Partly because I was contemplating the idea of keeping myself pure until marriage. Partly because the boys never seemed to be interested in me. Much older men were the only ones who seemed to see me. Not in a good way.
Those memories still hurt me. That feeling of rejection... became so familiar to me in the past few months that I almost came to see it as part of me.
When Samuel made his interest in me clear... as much as I didn't doubt it, the idea that my crush could be reciprocated seemed so absurd! He said my mouth was his favorite part... no one had ever told me that. He said he liked my freckles... no one had ever told me that. Not even the boy I've loved so much in the past few months.
Being with Samuel was great. He made me feel different. He made me feel beautiful. Mentrap, my first boyfriend, made me feel wanted. I thought it was good, that it was enough. But in addition to feeling wanted, Samuel made me feel beautiful. And it was definitely better.
But having to hide... 
Flavia shouted something to Samuel through the window. Me, her and Tom, were in the kitchen. I was finishing setting the lunch table on the marble counter and Tom was washing the last bowls. Samuel probably made an obscene sign, because nothing was said in reply and Flavia rolled her eyes, her lips curved in a frown. She put on the oven mitts, walked towards the oven and opened it. The delicious aroma of seasoning and cheese filled the air.
I placed the last plate on the counter, my stomach churning with hunger and my heart anguishing at the prospect that Samuel might be using me. My body might not be the most beautiful body in the world, but it was still a beautiful body, right?
I was falling in love with him. But would he be able to fall in love with me? Or was I just a fun time before he got back with Flavia?
As if invoked by my daydreams, Samuel appeared on the doorstep, cleaning his flip flops on the rug at the entrance door. He had put on a T-shirt and exchanged his shorts for pants. His gaze met mine first and he smiled. I raised the corner of my lips in return, hoping that my face didn't show the direction my thoughts were taking or the samba dance my stomach turn every time he looked at me.
“Where's Rafa?”, Flavia asked, behind me.
“Looking for your heart”, Samuel said.
Flavia didn't even blink. 
“Tell them they are wasting their time”, he said. 
“Are you still angry that he didn't buy your special cheese before he came home from work last night?”, Tom asked.
“Lasagna would be twice as good with the cheese”, Flavia said, placing the lasagna on the counter.
Samuel rolled his eyes.
“What difference will it make for you? You're a vegan!”, he exclaimed.
“Then don't say I didn't warn you”, she replied, unwavered.
Before Samuel could answer, Rafa appeared at the front door, in a T-shirt and sweatpants, carrying a round pillow under their arm. 
“I honestly do not know how I would meditate without your considerate shouts every morning”, Rafa said, removing the headphones with their free hand. 
“It's already afternoon”, I said. 
Rafa ignored me. 
“Is lunch ready?”, they asked.
Flavia placed a bowl of salad next to the lasagna and opened her arms to the rich and fragrant food on the counter.
“Ready”, she said, lips twitching in a smile.
“And that is why if I had to marry one of you I would choose Flavia without batting an eye”, Eloisa said emerging from the TV room, admiring the meal placed on the counter.
Flavia crossed her arms over her chest.
“Oh really? I cook so because of that I serve as a wife?”
“Of course not, you are also an activist”, Eloisa said, approaching. “And would teach our children to fight against the patriarchy.”
Flavia snorted, but the corners of her lips rose in a half smile. 
“How about we eat?”, Tom said, choosing a stool to sit.
“Excelent idea!”, Samuel said, sitting next to him.
Then everyone bustled around the counter. Within seconds we were all seated, plates full, devouring the meal.
“You want to know something? fuck the patriarchy, I would also marry Flavia just for that food, it is fantastic!”, I said, finding it difficult to put more food in my mouth.
Flavia lit up like a Christmas tree. I was impressed, she couldn’t taste the lasagna, but even so got everything right.
“It's really delicious”, Rafa said, between mouthfuls.
“It’s just perfect”, Tom said. 
“Impressive how the seasoning is just the right amount”, Eloisa said.
“I think that in the end the cheese was not that important, right?”, Samuel said, the corner of his lips lifted in provocation.
Flavia's expression went out like a lamp. 
“Don't abuse it”, she replied, between mouthfuls of salad.
“Hey, if you had to choose someone among us to date, who would it be?”, Eloisa asked suddenly.
“I would choose you”, Flavia replied. 
“Let's make this a little more interesting, how about?”, I talked. “Rafa, Tom and Samuel if you had to date one of you three who would it be?”
Rafa frowned. 
“Why aren’t you three included?”, he asked.
“Because Eloisa would marry Flavia. Flavia would marry Eloisa and I would also choose Flavia. How about you? Between you three?”
Samuel replied without hesitation:
“Rafa”, said, between mouthfuls. 
Rafa blinked. Me too.
“Why?”, I asked.
“Their kiss is good”, he said, with a shrug. 
“What about you, Tom?”, Eloisa asked.
Tom did not hesitate.
“Rafa too.”
Rafa shook their head, stunned. 
“And I still don’t have a boyfriend till this day”, they said, recovering and getting up to get another piece of lasagna. 
Flavia and I laughed. A phone started ringing and all ears were sharpened to identify whose it was. Eloisa took her phone out of her shorts and held it up to show it was hers. She got up and went into the TV room to answer the call in peace. A silence fell over us.
“Is it your parents?”, Rafa asked.
I blinked. The possibility hadn't crossed my mind. My parents were not very fond of the frequency with which we came to the house. They thought that Eloisa was spending too much time with her boyfriend and that this was not a “good girl” thing.
It was getting tiring to say every time before we came that Alicia and Heitor were here all day and that we didn't do anything much. If my father was not so busy with the specialization course he had decided to take this vacation, I suspected that we would not have spent that much time here.
Calling my sister and demanding that we return home, seemed like something he or my mother would do. The thought must have crossed Samuel's mind as well, because he shot me a comforting look from across the counter.
Eloisa returned, closing the door behind her and putting the phone back in her pocket, her eyes expressionless. 
“What happened?”, I asked, dropping the fork on the plate.
All eyes fell on her. Her gaze met mine and, slowly, her lips pulled up.
“Guess who’s got a job?”

Chapter 29
It asked for a celebration. 
Eloisa's new job called for a celebration. Then after lunch, we gathered in the living room and opened our beers. The plan was to drink, drink and drink until Gisele Bündchen showed up.
Apparently we were doing a good job, because I swore I saw a blonde wearing only lingerie... I narrowed my eyes. Oh, it was Flavia. I started to laugh.
“They hired me!”, Eloisa brandished, raising her clenched fist.
Samuel and Rafa burst out laughing, leaning back on the couch. 
“Did he died?”, I asked, pointing the index finger at the body lying on the sofa behind the two.
Rafa poked Tom in the stomach. Tom sat up on the couch, blinking a lot. 
“How many bottles did you drink?”, Flavia asked, narrowing her eyes.
Immediately, my gaze fell to her breasts, barely covered by the bikini. My God! Those breasts were beautiful! They were round, full... If I were Samuel I would prefer hers. Was I looking too much? I looked up and saw Flavia frowning at me. I looked away just in time to see Samuel staring at me with a smirk on his face. I lifted my chin. I was looking at her breasts, yes. He laughed as if he knew what I was thinking. Or had I said it out loud?
“Drink”, Rafa emerged from the kitchen, handing me a large glass of water.
I narrowed my eyes.
“Did you hear me?”, I asked.
“I heard what?”
“What I said.”
“What did you say?”
“Stop confusing me!”, I shouted, putting my hands on my head. Everything was spinning. Did I or did I not talk about Flavia's breasts?
“Stop freaking out!”, Rafa said, still holding out the glass.
I accepted and he returned to his seat, facing me and next Samuel. Samuel held up a hand in front of his face, fingers clenched except for his thumb, a clear sign that I should drink more. I raised the beer can to my lips, but it was empty.
“Nooo!”, Rafa said, taking the can out of my hand and bringing the glass of water that was in my other hand to my lips.
Samuel leaned back on a pillow, laughing. Uhm... I think he had signaled that I should drink the water. I raised the glass of water to my lips.
Tom had gone back to bed. Eloisa looked inside a beer can as if it were a microscope. Flavia had been lying face down on the carpet, her eyes closed, letting the sun rays pass through the glass wall and hit her perfect, tattooed body ... Why did she hide it all in wide, black and “masculine” clothes? If I had that body I would just walk around in a bikini... Where are my glasses?
“What if this whole astrologicaly thing is another lie of capitalism?”, Rafa philosophized, leaning back on the sofa with their forearm covering their eyes.
“It probably is”, Samuel said, throwing himself next to them. 
My water glass was empty and I placed it on the floor beside me.
“But then how am I going to classify people into friends and enemies?”, Rafa asked.
Samuel narrowed his eyes, momentarily confused. 
“I don't think you should do that”, he said. 
“You are white, you have no voice in this.” 
Samuel looked at him, frowning.
“No, i’m not”, he said. 
It was Rafa's turn to frown.
“Who's white here then?”, they asked.
“You”, Samuel said, lifting a can of beer to his lips. 
“Oh, yes.” 
“Has anyone seen my glasses?”, I asked.
Samuel's lips on the beer can curved upward.
“They’re up stairs’, he said.
Oh. 
Immediately the memory of the mattress creaking under our weight came to mind, his lips claiming my mouth, his hands roaming all over my body, our hips moving at the same pace...
I blushed. Samuel lowered the bottle without looking away from me.
“Barbara hasn't answered my texts since yesterday, do you think I should worry?”, Eloisa asked, interrupting my thoughts and throwing the empty beer can along with the others on the floor.
The can swirled, the sound of metal against the wood only stopped when the object reached another can. Alicia would kill us if she were here.
“Leave the girl alone”, Flavia said, sitting on her knees. “She's probably just asleep.”
“Am I a bad girlfriend for wanting more attention?”, Eloisa asked, looking like she was about to cry.
“No, you're just needy”, Flavia said.
“It’s not only that”, I said, shocked by Flavia's coldness. “Sometimes your way of showing love is by giving a lot of attention and your way of understanding that you are being loved is by receiving attention as well.”
“Will she break up with me if we continue like this?”, Eloisa asked, unhappy.
“Probably”, Samuel said, bringing the beer can back to his lips. “Example? Me and Flavia.”
Flavia shrugged. 
“We lasted five years, if that’s worth something”, she said to Eloisa. 
“This is no time to talk about this”, Tom interjected, sitting on the couch, looking stunned. “We're drunk. Talking about relationships is a bad idea.”
“I think it's a good idea”, Rafa said. “Lydia, are you still drunk?”
I blinked. 
“No...”, I said, extremely uncertain. 
“Great”, Rafa said. “But I'm still a little bit so I'll ask something. What happened to you in the last few months for Elo to want to include you in everything she does?”
I blinked again. 
“What do you mean?”
“Nothing”, Samuel said, covering Rafa's mouth with his free hand. 
Rafa's eyes widened and he dropped the beer can he was holding to try to take Samuel's hand away. Eloisa was livid. I narrowed my eyes at her.
“What did you say to them?”, I asked, quietly.
“Nothing”, she said automatically. “I said you weren't doing well, that's all.”
“She didn't say anything”, Rafa said, sliping away from Samuel. “That's why I'm asking you.”
“You don't have to talk about it”, Samuel said, looking suddenly sober. 
Flavia seemed to find the ceiling fascinating. Tom had sat cross-legged and was staring at the floor as if hoping it would open up and swallow him. Eloisa, Samuel and Rafa were the only ones who looked at me.
“You don't need to talk about it”, Samuel reaffirmed me. 
I hugged my knees to my chest and sighed. I didn't want to say. But they had already shared so much with me... Samuel mostly.
“I just...”, I started. “I dated a guy for almost a year who didn't date me back.”
A deep silence fell over the room. All eyes were on me, waiting for me to say more. I was sleepy, my head felt too heavy and my mind wandered. I released my legs and stared at the empty glass cup beside me. Unfortunately, the water was gone.
“He was just...”, I started, hesitating for a second. “My first everything. All of my old beliefs were thrown off because of him and everything I lived in the last year. I loved him very much, but I only realized that I was downgraded and set aside the entire relationship when we broke up.”
“What did he do?”, Rafa asked, their eyes extremely understanding, looking sorry for having started the subject.
I shrugged, rotating the glass on the floor with my fingers. 
“In the end.... He left me to be with a redhead.”
Flavia flinched, her gaze still lost in the room. 
“I.....”, I started. Then I shook my head and went on: “He asked to date me, but he only showed affection when we were alone. I never met his parents, his friends, or held his hand on the street...”, I shrugged. “I was the only one in the relationship.”
I still remembered the feeling. My heart still hurt every time I remembered Caio. He changed me. He left me for someone else, he discarded me.
“I'll get more water”, I said, grabbing the glass and getting up. 
All eyes were on me, I knew. Especially Samuel's. I felt his like burning arrows, but I didn't turn. I just walked to the kitchen, still a little dizzy from the alcohol, but kept going. One step at a time.

Chapter 30
The sun was setting through the window. Samuel was sitting with his head down on the edge of the bed, shadows taking over the corners of the room. I approached the door and he looked up at me.
“I came to get my glasses”, I said, resting my arm on the frame.
The corners of his lips lifted upward, the cheekbones rising gently.
“If I knew that to make you come to me I would need to take your glasses off, I would have done that a long time ago.”
“I come to you sometimes”, I replied, defensive. 
He just held my gaze. Okay, I didn’t. I sighed and entered the room, sitting on the bed next to him.
“Elo is putting our backpacks in the car”, I said. 
“Will she be able to drive?”, he asked.
I nodded. 
“She’s not drunk anymore.”
“Are you sure? I can take you guys if ... you are sure”, he saw it on my face.
My lips twitched upward, slightly. Samuel sighed.
“Oh, Lydia”, he said, wrapping his fingers around mine, pulling my hand into his lap. “I do not even know what to say.”
“I'm fine”, I said, softly. 
“I know”, said, nodding, looking at our clasped hands. “I just...”, he looked back at me. “I never wanted to hide you. You know that, don't you?”
“I know.”
“I know we aren’t serious, but I... I didn't want to hide you. Sometimes...”, he shook his head. “Earlier today, when we were interrupted, I felt that you walked away in a strange way. It wasn't in my head, right? You... Remembered a little... your old relationship.”
With my free hand, I wrapped our clasped hands.
“I just...”, I started. “I relived a situation that happened several times with him. And I also remembered what he did next. He dismissed me as if almost a year was no more than two hours. I know you didn't mean it. You made me feel free to tell Eloisa, but I didn't.”
I lifted my head. I don't think I've ever seen Samuel's eyes so warm.
“Was he your first everything?”, he asked, softly.
I sighed. 
“I don't think I want to talk about it.”
He came closer, squeezing my fingers with his. Our legs brushed each other.
“Make an exception for me”, he asked. “You hardly ever talk about yourself.”
“It hurts too much to talk, Samuel.”
“It hurts more to keep everything to yourself”, he looked at me with such affection that my heart sank. “Tell me.”
“What you want to know?”, I asked.
“You can start with first everything.” 
I sighed again. And then I told him. I told about the first friend I made in college, Conrado, and that, in the first week, we created an instant bond. He was gay and the second person he introduced me to was a transsexual. I said that, at the time, I was still very attached to my beliefs, but I never disrespected them. Slowly, they made me open my mind.
I said that I met Caio at a party that Conrado had forced me to go to. He was a senior, we were introduced and we automatically got along. We talked all night. He texted me the next day. So we started talking every day about everything. I told Samuel that I thought I had never connected with someone as deeply as I did with him; that I feared I would never feel that way again.
I said that when I approached Caio, the idea of keeping myself “pure” until the wedding no longer seemed so attractive. I told him that my first kiss was with him, because I fell in love. From there we started to get serious, but in secret. He told me he needed more time to get to know me and I completely agreed.
I told him that he asked me to date shortly afterwards. And I accepted. I told him that he told me everything, made plans with me, he wasn't jealous, he was always affectionate, he liked to listen to me, respected me (the bare minimum) ... he said he wanted to marry me. I said that my entire perception of relationships changed during that time. So I had my first time with him. I didn't tell him that, unlike most women, my first time was incredible, because he was kind and extremely affectionate with me. I said that we said "I love you" for the first time that night. I told him it was all very new to me ... this dynamic of talking to someone all day, having someone with whom to share ideas, plans, dreams ...
I told Samuel that I talked to him about introducing him to my parents. I told him his answer was always: "what nobody knows, nobody can ruin". I told him that I never got to know his friends. I also never got to know his parents, or his family. I said that I started to notice that all of our meetings took place at night. And, for the most part, his home. I told him that he lived alone, because his family lived in another city. I told him that we never held hands during the day. I said that I started to realize these things. I also told him that he always made excuses, said that it was too early, asked to wait a little longer and so on.
I said that I came to realize that most of the women he followed on social media were completely different from me. White, tall, skinny, blond, light eyes. I told him that I asked Caio how he thought I was beautiful if I was completely different from those women. From then on, he started to call me jealous. I told him that I really started to be jealous. I said that we had good times too, but that today I only remembered the countless nights I spent crying, feeling left out.
I told him that he started to distance himself from me; that I no longer felt part of his life. I told him that he treated me coldly and acted as if the time we spent together was just one more of his obligations. I didn't tell him that the light in me started to go out because of all of it.
I said that the last dialogue I had with Caio included an attack of jealousy on my part and a series of insults on his part. I said that the conversation ended with me saying that maybe we shouldn't be together. I told him that he left after saying that maybe I was right.
I told him that less than a week later I learned that he was already seeing other women. I told him that he never spoke or looked at me again. I told him that he posted a photo celebrating the new relationship on social media a week after I got here. I told him that I learned a few weeks ago that he had been dating the girl for a long time before I came back here.
My mouth was dry when I finished. 
Samuel's eyes held a new feeling. Our fingers were still entwined and I swallowed, looking away and letting go of our hands. Slowly, Samuel's thumb came up to my cheek. He wiped away a salty tear that had trickled from my eyes.
My gaze met his and Samuel came nearer, wrapping me in his arms, sticking his nose into my neck. My arms wrapped around his waist, and I rested my chin on his shoulder.
“I just...”, I started, soothe by his scent. “I don't want to go through this again.”
He nodded, kissing my neck gently. We stayed like that for so long that I wondered if I had ever been as comfortable as I was now.
“I like you a lot, Lydia”, he murmured, the movement of his lips tingling the area of my neck slightly. 
My heart sank. 
I hugged him tighter. The window was in my field of vision. Night was already here, making the sky dark blue and purple. Eloisa had already put our backpacks in the car by now. I should already be in the car on the way home.
“I like you too, Samuel”, I said, before I noticed movement being reflected in the corner of the window glass.
The lamp in the room was off, so if it weren't for the radiant sunlight of dawn, I might not have noticed that movement. But I did. Eloisa, next to the bedroom door, exchanged a look with me before disappearing into the corridor, giving us privacy.

Chapter 31
“Aren't you going to ask me anything?”, I asked.
Eloisa just closed her fingers on the steering wheel, the highway had her full attention.
As soon as I saw Eloisa disappearing from the corridor, I released Samuel with an "see you later" and went out. She just gave me an unbothered look and started walking towards the exit. Samuel followed me and caught up with us when we were about to go down the stairs. We both turned around at the same time and he opened his eyes wide, understanding what had just happened. His gaze met mine first and then Eloisa's. He must have seen something different in her eyes, because he was quiet.
Eloisa just turned and went down the stairs. I followed, giving Samuel one last look. He didn't follow us anymore. When we left the house, the only sounds we made were the goodbyes that we said to everyone else.
Eloisa shook her head, as if trying to stop a thought that had just crossed her mind. 
“When did this happen?”, she finally asked, no emotion being exposed by her tone of voice.
“Remember when I told you I had a date with some friends from high school?”, I noticed Eloisa's eyes widen slightly in understanding. “We went out that night. I'm sorry I didn't tell you, I didn't know what your reaction would be. And mainly, several things could have happened. He could’ve been boring, he could have been bored with me, the kiss could’ve suck...”
She appeared suddenly alarmed.
“How far did you go?”, she asked, glancing at me.
“We went no further than a few kisses, I swear.” 
She was silent for a long moment. It felt like torture every second. Eloisa made a turn and we entered the town. Almost a dozen other turns later, she parked the car next to a pizzeria. She pulled on the handbrake and finally fixed her gaze on me.
“He won't give you what you deserve, Lydia”, I blinked. “Not now. He will not be able to hold your hand in public, be introduced to our parents, go out with you... He will not be able to give you everything you deserve.”
“I know that.”
Eloisa narrowed her eyes.
“Do you? Then why does it look like you're getting involved with another Caio.”
I shook my head. 
“Samuel is not like Caio.”
“Caio couldn't offer you the best, Samuel can't either.”
“Eloisa, we're just hanging out.”
“Are you sure? Samuel is an amazing guy, Lydia. It is not difficult to fall in love with him. I would be extremely excited if the situation were different...”
“I don't even live here. What kind of long-distance relationship works?”
Eloisa shrugged. I closed my mouth immediately. Her relationship with Barbara was long-distance. Fuck.
“You know I didn't mean it. Barbara lives an hour from here. I live more than six...”
Eloisa sighed and leaned her head back on the seat. I closed my mouth and watched her. I could not help admiring my sister, who before worrying about her secret, had thought of me and whether I was repeating the same mistakes I made with Caio.
“Do you think you're getting into trouble, Lydia?”, Eloisa asked, looking away from me.
“What do you mean?”
“Do you think you can develop deeper feelings for Samuel? You know this would be a problem.”
Slowly, I nodded. Eloisa sighed.
“I don't even have to say that you can't be seen together, right?”, she said.
The corners of my lips lifted slightly. I shook my head.
“I don't like it”, Eloisa said, looking away back at the windshield. “I think it can go wrong in countless ways, you know how important it is to me that all my secrets remain guarded. Samuel knows, too”, she pulled the parking brake and turned the key in the ignition. “Honestly, and I say this knowing that you probably are, I hope he is not in love. He becomes a complete idiot when that happens.”
I laughed.
“I've heard that before.” 
Eloisa did not smile. She did a maneuver and put the car back in traffic.
“I don't even have to say I'm scared to death, right?”, she said.
I shook my head. There was too much at stake. Her college, her mental health, her freedom, her peace... God knows what else. She said nothing else the rest of the way home. She didn't have to. I was also terrified.

Chapter 32
“What's up?”, Samuel's message appeared on my cell phone screen.
I sat on the bed, thinking about what to say. The corner of my lip lifted slightly when I thought I wouldn't be able to cope if the conversation took the "what are you wearing?" turn. Unless he had a fetish in deplorable pajamas.
“How was the conversation?”, he added when he realized that I read the message. 
I crossed my feet on the bed and decided to be honest.
Me: she is afraid of being discovered. 
Me: so am I. 
Samuel: me too.
I thought for a moment before I started typing.
Me: she also said she would be excited if our situation was different...
Samuel: What are you thinking, Lydia?
I took a deep breath before answering.
Me: do you think you could get attached, Samuel?
Me: or is this something you are sure will never happen?
The seconds that passed before he started typing tortured me. 
Samuel: maybe I'm already attached.
Samuel: how about you?
Oh, shit. What did I have to do to get my hands to stop sweating so much?
Me: me too. 
Me: but this is a bad idea. 
Samuel: I know. 
Me: I'm leaving in a few days. 
Samuel: I know. 
Me: I don't want a secret relationship.
Samuel: I know. 
Me: you are my sister's boyfriend.
Samuel: I am. 
Me: Elo should start going to the country house alone.
Samuel: I like to see you every other day. 
Me: you shouldn’t. 
Samuel: have you ever heard that what is forbidden is better?
Me: this should definitely not apply to us. 
Samuel: but it does. 
Me: I will stop going to the house. 
Samuel: no.
Samuel: you will keep coming.
Samuel: after you leave we will never see each other again. 
Me: dramatic. 
Me: I will be here in December. 
Me: or in January. 
Samuel: Your sister will have moved around this time. 
Samuel: Do you think your parents will just let her go?
Me: they can't lock her here. 
Samuel: obviously.
Samuel: but do you think they'll be in the best mood?
Samuel: I know that your freedom is conditioned by your parents' mood and how busy they are. 
Samuel: Besides, you're probably going to get a boyfriend by then.
Me: puff. 
Samuel: I know you will. 
Samuel: my lips are magic, whenever i kiss a girl she goes back with her ex. 
I laughed out loud. 
Me: (emojis laughing).
Me: is this serious? 
Samuel: I'm exaggerating, but it's still true. 
Me: I will not go back with my ex.
Samuel: I'm relieved to hear that. 
Me: * read that. 
Samuel: you are the worst.
Me: what should we do then?
Samuel: take it easy?
Samuel: or we can throw everything in the air.
Samuel: you're already leaving. 
Me: your habit of throwing everything in the air is getting infamous. 
Samuel: Rafa told me that your sign is unbearably pragmatic. 
Me: they called me sensitive.
Samuel: Twitter calls people like you boring. 
Me: I'm going to sleep. 
Samuel: sorry.
Samuel: I read on Google that Virgos are insensitive.
Samuel: I thought you were going to love it. 
Me: I thought you didn't believe in signs. 
Samuel: Rafa talks too much about it.
Samuel: and of course I don't believe in something that says we don't have compatibility. 
Me: I must have an old teen magazine here at home with a test for when that’s the case, do you want to do it?
Samuel: funny. 
Me: insufferable.
Samuel: you mean irresistible. 
Me: that’s me. 
Samuel: true. 
My lips twitched upward. I shook my head, reminding myself that we still hadn't resolved what we needed to resolve.
Me: what do we do???
Samuel: you choose.
Samuel: take it easy or all in. 
I brushed a strand of hair from my face and snorted.
Take it easy: take the risk of falling in love. 
All in: take the risk of falling in love. 
Fuck. 
Me: we should talk more.
Samuel: talk more?
Me: I think it's a good idea. 
Me: better safe than sorry.
Samuel: take it easy then. 
Me: Samuel. 
Samuel: yes? 
Me: I don't want to get into another secret relationship. 
Me: I deserve more than that.
I looked at my phone for what seemed like hours, but it was probably only seconds. 
Samuel: yes, you do. 
Samuel: I don't want to do this to you. 
Samuel: I will not do this to you.
Me: I'm happy to hear that.
Samuel: * read that.
Me: I hate you so much. 
Samuel: you want me. 
Me: good night, Samuel. 
Samuel: good night, Lydia. 

Chapter 33
“You are a sadist”, I said.
Eloisa just smiled at me as she filled half a bucket of water in the kitchen sink. She turned off the tap and went around the counter, walking with the bucket toward the stairs. The whole house was immersed in a deep silence. We entered the corridor on the second floor walking on tiptoe.
“Don't you think waking them up with water seems like a childish idea?”, I asked quietly.
She turned her face to face me. 
“You ordered a Barbie as a birthday present last year.”
“It was the black Barbie, okay?”, I defended myself. “That was special!”
Eloisa laughed softly and continued, turning the knob of Rafa and Flavia's room. With a low click, Eloisa opened the door. The curtains were open this time, lighting up the entire room. Surprisingly, Samuel, Flavia and Rafa were sharing the same bed.
The furniture barely seemed to fit the three. Samuel was among them. Flavia was huddled in a corner, her back to Samuel and Rafa, facing the wall. Rafa was lying on their side, facing the opposite side. Samuel's arm was wrapped around Rafa's waist, whose mouth was slightly open, threatening to drool.
My eyes met Eloisa's and I knew we were thinking the same thing. What a cute thing. The three were adorable. The three childhood friends sleeping in the same bed despite all efforts to avoid this from happening. Then, in a matter of seconds, Eloisa's eyes acquired a malicious gleam. My sister's lips pulled up, devilishly. I couldn't stop what came next.
In the blink of an eye, water was thrown over the three. Samuel stood up first, drenched from face to hip, eyes wide as if he were facing a demonic apparition. Rafa sat down, releasing a waterfall of curse words from their lips. Flavia stood up at the same time, looking ready to climb on top of someone and commit murder.
Eloisa dropped the bucket on the floor.
“Run!”, shouted.
And we ran.
Rafa, Flavia and Samuel came after us, as furious as tax collectors. 
***
Rafa, Flavia and Samuel threw Eloisa into the pool as a revenge. Clothes and everything. They almost did the same to me. Samuel was with me on his shoulders, encouraged by Flavia and Rafa, they were about to throw me in the pool when Tom arrived. He hadn't spent the previous night at the farm.
Without understanding anything, Tom made Samuel release me, and, before Samuel finished explaining why I should join Eloisa, I ran as fast as I could. Rafa, Samuel and Flavia emitted a chorus of lamentation and tried to reach me, but I locked myself in the bathroom on the first floor, laughing a lot. They didn't insist for long and I only left when I heard Eloisa going up to the second floor to change.
“There's TV here, you know, right?”, Samuel asked.
I was lying on the hammock when a shadow rose, covering the sun. I put down the book I was reading.
Samuel had swapped his wet pajamas for shorts and a T-shirt. I narrowed my eyes. He urgently needed a haircut. I smiled.
“There are neurons here”, I said, indicating my head. “You know, right?”
Samuel laughed out loud and started to sit in the hammock. I made room for him, and when I realized we were lying together. His arm was wrapped around my body and my head was leaning against his chest. I breathed in his soft scent and relaxed in his arms. He took the book from my hand and held it up to his face.
“Dangerous Minds: The Psychopath Lives Near You”, he read the title.
“I want to make sure that I'm not going to be fooled by any more men”, I said.
“My mom already read that book.”
“She liked it?” 
“I don't remember, you should ask her.”
I ignored him. I couldn’t imagine anything worse than talking to the mother of my fake-brother-in-law-that-hooks-up-with-me-but-can’t-go-further-than-that-for-now.
Realizing that my glasses were starting to bother me because of how I was positionend, Samuel's fingers reached for them. He took the glasses off my face and put them over his eyes.
“What do you think?”
I rested my weight on my elbows to look at him better. The hammock rocked with the movement and I had to rest my free hand on his belly to hold on.
“I can't believe I'm with a kpop idol!”
He frowned at me. 
“I couldn't be further from a kpop idol.”
“Okay, maybe I exaggerated a little, it's the excitement.”
He laughed out loud. I went back to the starting position, this time resting my chin on his chest, which was still rising and falling with laughter.
“But I still can't believe you can look good with those coke-bottle glasses”, I said. “I look like a stupid virgin with them.”
He gave another soft laugh, his chest rising and falling over me again. I hadn't realized until that moment that one of my legs had rested on his. I was pleased to have chosen to wear a dress that day. The hem of the fabric had risen a little below where the buttock met the thigh.
“Maybe a virgin, but not stupid”, he said, narrowing his eyes at me and sliding his fingers down my arm, causing goosebumps all over the area. “You look adorable with them, to tell you the truth.”
The corner of my lips pulled up, I almost blushed, slightly embarrassed. He squinted further through his glasses.
“Wow, how I wish I could see you right now.”
I laughed. Satisfied, he took the glasses off his face and hung them on the collar of his shirt. He smiled at me and I laid my head on the hammock, next to his, keeping the provocative leg in place. Still looking at me, Samuel released my arm, took the book that had been dropped beside him in the hammock and let it fall on the grass.
“Hey!”, I said.
Unwavered, he slid his hand tantalizingly down my thigh, moving his fingers up, savoring the muscle. My body shivered when his fingers slid under the dress, venturing into dangerous terrain. I did not fail to notice the lack of a silver ring. He used it less and less frequently in my presence.
“Shouldn't we just talk?”, I asked.
“We're talking”, Samuel murmured, his lips against my neck.
My fingers were delighted by the soft fabric of his shirt. His fingers grabbed my ass, under the dress. His lips found a tender spot on my neck and I shivered. What was I saying?
Oh yes.
“No, this is not talking”, I said.
He laid on his side. The hammock was swinging dangerously, threatening to throw us on the grass. His lips came to me, spreading moist, delicious kisses from the point below my ear to the collarbone. I blinked, stunned by the sensation, wondering again what we were talking about.
“If I'm using my tongue then we're talking”, he said, lifting his head and claiming my mouth with his lips. 
In a minute, Samuel's lips were on mine, his fingers venturing over my body. In the next, we were soaked.
“Hey!”, Samuel shouted, sitting in the hammock.
“REVENGE!”, Rafa shouted, brandishing a hose like a gladiator brandishing a sword.
Rafa squirted more water at both of us and I cursed. 
“I am on your side, damn it!”, Samuel shouted. He got up and ran to Rafa.
I got out of the hammock, most of my dress was now wet, but at leat not like Samuel, who was doing a terrible job trying to run up to Rafa and escape the hose at the same time. My glasses had fallen into the hammock and I picked them up. I lifted my soggy book off the floor. I wanted to yell at Rafa, but when I raised my head, I saw that they had already abandoned the hose and were trying to escape Samuel by standing behind Flavia. Samuel moved like a cheetah and bypassed Flavia. Rafa released their friend and started running uphill, laughing hard. Samuel ran after them, looking like he didn’t think it was funny.
Rafa and Samuel disappeared between the trees. Both swearing a lot. Flavia, still stunned after being used as a shield, exchanged a look with me. Her lips curved upward. Rafa appeared on top of a tree, shouting a victory. Samuel tried to climb from the tree, but fell halfway, a loud thud resounding on the ground when his back hit the ground.
“I'm fine!”, he screamed.
Flavia and I couldn't control ourselves, we laughed out loud at the sound of Samuel's curses and Rafa's cheers.
***
In an impressive turnaround, Rafa threw themselves into the pool, not allowing Samuel to have the honor of throwing them.
“Smart son of a bitch”, Samuel murmured, handing me a dry towel.
I was still laughing when I accepted the towel. Rafa came out of the pool, laughing out loud at Samuel. Samuel, on the other hand, had the posture of a predator, about to attack. Flavia came out of the house, Tom and Eloisa following her.
“What is it?”, I asked Flavia who was carrying a black canvas in her arms.
“I had an idea”, Flavia said, before smiling and throwing the canvas on the floor. Eloisa and Tom started to spread it on the grass.
I exchanged a look with Samuel. He seemed to understand as much as I did. Rafa took off their shirt and started twisting their shorts still on their body, watching Flavia, Tom and Eloisa intently.
The canvas was folded in half and spread on the floor, like a red carpet for poor people. Flavia took the hose and aimed at the canvas, Tom threw a bit of washing powder on the canvas and Eloisa turned on the tap. Samuel narrowed his eyes when he realized it was an improvised toboggan.
“How old are you?”, he asked.
“And that’s why you'll be the last one”, Flavia said. She squirted the jet of water on the canvas and soap bubbles formed on the surface.
“I'll put on a bikini”, Eloisa said, going up the stairs to the entrance door. 
“Me too”, I said, returning the towel to Samuel.
He blinked.
“Seriously?”, he asked.
“It's very serious”, I said.
He laughed and took my towel. I ran to catch up with Eloisa. Eloisa was already climbing the stairs on the second floor when I entered the house.
“Lydia!’, a soft and familiar voice called and I turned around.
Rafa approached, looking hesitant. 
“About that day...”, they started, running a hand through their hair. 
I shook my head. 
“No need to explain...”, I said before they said anything. 
“I shouldn't have done that”, they said. I shut up. “I shouldn't have asked you. At least... not that way. I'm sorry, I was an idiot.”
“You had no way of knowing”, I said. 
“But I know how you felt. Having to explain yourself, remembering that story again... I understand you. I've been through the same thing countless times before. Same, but different. I'm sorry for putting you in that situation.”
“It was better that way”, I said. “It was good to talk about it later with Samuel. Things seem clearer between us. And I want you to trust me.”
They blinked. 
“Do you?”
Slowly, I nodded. 
“I don't want this summer to be the last one I spend with you”, I said. 
The corner of Rafa's lips twitched upward.
“I'm glad to hear that, because I don't want that either”, they said. “It was nice knowing you.”
I smiled. If there was a good thing in having known Caio and suffered so much because him, this was it. If our relationship hadn't been complete shit, maybe I wouldn't have run to my sister. I might not have reconciled with her. And maybe my sister wouldn't have kept me company and dragged me up and down this entire vacation, trying to occupy myself and distract me from the memories. And maybe I hadn't met Rafa, Samuel, Flavia and Tom...
“It was also great to know you, Rafa.” 

Chapter 34
The improvised toboggan had been more fun than expected. Rafa was the first to throw themselves at it. Samuel the second, despite the protests of Flavia, who wanted to punish him by leaving him last. I threw myself on my back shortly after. Which was a bad idea, I slipped off the canvas and hit my head on a tree. Everyone laughed and only Samuel offered to help me, despite the laughter.
After that, we put on a loud funk to play and everyone danced. The music played for hours, we made up competitions and bets, dancing on the canvas as we slipped. In the end, the water on the tarpaulin ran all to the ground and we ended up out of breath from laughing and screaming; wet, sweaty, and completely soiled with dirt, mud and soap.
When we started to form a single line in front of the only shower outside the house, Samuel stayed behind and sent a photo to his parents of the mess the ouside space had turned into after our little game. 
Alicia sent a seven-minute audio. To sum up: clean up that shit.
Heitor just sent a little sticker that basically meant “Wow. You’re going to clean this up, right?”. Samuel said yes before he sent another sticker as if to say: “that's why I'm not going to lend you the house next year”.
Flavia slapped Samuel on the head for sending the messages. 
The rest of the day flew by. We washed and dried ourselves before entering the house. Then we took real showers in the bathrooms before cooking something simple to eat. When we finished, we divided the tasks. Wash the dishes, remove the canvas, clean the land, tidy the house in general and take the mattress that Eloisa had wetted earlier back to the room. It was leaning on the sofa on the first floor, facing the glass wall where the sun's rays were hitting it.
Now it was just under an hour before Eloisa and I left and we were all in the pool area, exhausted. I was lying on one of the loungers and Flavia was on the other beside me. Eloisa had been lying on the grass, hands on her face, her eyes closed. Tom was swinging on the hammock. Samuel and Rafa had filled a pool float that looked more like an inflatable bed that covering half the pool and, surprisingly, fit two people lied down. The float was white with the shape of a cloud, in addition to having a giant rainbow that rose from one end to the other.
Eloisa had whispered in my ear that Heitor and Samuel had given Rafa the birthday present float last year. I didn’t know if they had a sense of humor or were sentimental in choosing the gift.
Flavia got up from the deck chair.
“Who wants brigadeiro?”, she asked, stretching like a cat.
Samuel, wearing sunglasses, raised his hand. Me, Rafa, Eloisa and Tom too. Flavia rolled her eyes.
“I'll ask the question again. Who wants to come with me to help me make brigadeiro?”
All hands went down to the sound of whining. Flavia snorted.
“I will”, I said, getting up and fixing my shorts. Complaints ceased immediately.
“Okay, let's go”, Flavia said, walking towards the house. 
Samuel looked at me over his glasses with raised eyebrows, his expression to: “is this really happening?”, Rafa looked open-mouthed beside him. Eloisa turned to look at me, frowning. Samuel had already told Tom about him and I the same day that Eloisa discovered it. Tom looked like he couldn't care less. He didn't move an inch and continued to swing in the hammock with his eyes closed. I put my tongue out to all the other nosy people and followed Flavia.
“Dude, I wouldn't want to be you right now”, I heard Rafa tell Samuel as walked through the door. I didn't stop to hear the answer.
Flavia had already placed a pan on the stove when I arrived. She told me to get the ingredients and I did. We prepare everything in less than a minute.
“You know, after Samuel and I broke up...”, Flavia started, stirring the brigadeiro pan. I finished greasing a dish to put the brigadeiro and turned to face her. “I had some bad experiences here and there when I started going out with other people. So I developed a method to not let men make a idiot out of me.”
“Oh realy?”
“It's called MYPBE.”
“And what does that mean?”
“Meet Your Potential Boyfriend's Ex.”
My lips twitched upward.
“Is that really a thing?”
Flavia looked at me out of the corner of her eye and smiled.
“Yes, it is.”
I rested my hips on the marble sink, crossed my arms, and looked at her. 
“Maybe it would have saved me from my ex.”
She shrugged, her eyes fixed on the contents of the pot.
“Maybe”, she said. 
“I think calling Samuel a potential boyfriend is kind of... precipitated”, came out half as a question and half as an affirmation. 
“Is better to be safe than sorry, right?”
Slowly, I nodded. 
“So what do you have to tell me about him?”, I asked.
Flavia finally looked away from me. 
“What do you want to know?”
I thought for a moment. Thousands of questions piled up in my mind, crazy to be answered, among them: do you still love him? Is there any chance that you will go back? Is your story over?
“Did he treat you well?”, was the question that came out.
Flavia frowned at me. She seemed to expect everything but that. Slowly, her gaze softened and a corner of her lips lifted.
“I wouldn't be friends with him today if he hadn't”, she said. 
“I'm relieved to hear that.”
She just stirred for a while before talking again. 
“I hate surprises. So I usually like to know the ex's point of view about what happened in the relationship. I already got involved with so many guys that said they were traumatized, but actually the ex was the one with a trauma”, she said, rolling her eyes. Then she fixed her eyes on me. “Not that that's the case here.”
I nodded, slowly. 
“Tell me about it”, I said.
“Are you sure? There are friends of mine who are jealous of the ex. I wouldn't judge you if that were the case, even though I think is dumb.”
I shook my head, my lips insisting on pulling up again. 
“I'm not one of those people.”
“Well, since you want to know. Our relationship was very simple indeed. We were practically children. We were friends and then we fell in love. First love, first everything. It was five years like that. It was an extremely peaceful relationship. We almost never had a fallen out, we rarely fought. But, it just became a routine and I wanted to venture further. Then, I suggested opening up the relationship and he refused, so we broke up. We didn’t speak for more than a year after that.”
“I didn't know you guys didn't speak.”
“You can't recover from a long relationship without distancing yourself from the person at some point. Rafa doesn't even like to remember that time. To sum up, it was pityful. I was single and wanted to go out with my friends. So did Samuel. Rafa had to go through, who is best friend of both of us.”
I smiled, imagining it. Rafa being disputed by the two of them who did not speak at all.
“And what made you two talk again?”, I asked.
“My father passed away”, Flavia spoke. 
My smile faded. Flavia looked at me with sympathy.
“It’s okay, really”, she said. Before I could offer my condolences, she went on: “from then, we started talking again. Gradually, we regained our friendship.”
“I'm glad to hear that”, I said. And I was.
The brigadeiro was ready and Flavia turned off the stove before pouring the brown cream on the tray that I had greased. I took a spoon and tried it. She put the pot in the sink and licked the spoon she had used to stir.
“It’s fantastic”, I said. 
She moaned and nodded. 
“It really is”, lips still on the spoon. 
We were silent for a moment, just eating. 
“About the beginning of the holidays... when he and I were...”, Flavia started. She threw the spoon into the pan and turned on the sink. “You know.”
I nodded. 
“We broke up when I finally understood what was going on”, she turned off the tap and turned to face me. “Four years ago we broke up because he feared that an open relationship would mean a relationship like his parents'. He wanted something stable and safe and, like it or not, an open relationship was a risk that could threaten what we had created in those five years.”
“He told me about what he thinks of his parents' relationship.” 
Flavia nodded and leaned against the marble sink 
“Samuel thought he had fallen in love with me again. But he just wanted to continue where we left off. He just wanted the relationship we had back. Not me. Let's say it didn't do my ego any good to find that out.”
“Oh.”
“Our relatonship was very peaceful, you know? It was a good relationship. We understood each other, listened to each other, respected each other. We were best friends who were dating. If we hadn't finished four years ago, we would certainly be together today”, she shrugged. “So I thought it might’ve been worth trying again.”
“But?” 
“But we are different people”, her eyes were fixed on mine, seeming to really want me to understand her, understand their situation. “Four years change two people a lot. It no longer make sense.”
Slowly, I nodded. 
“Any more questions?”
It must have taken me a full minute to respond. 
“Are there sprinkles here?”
Slowly, the outline of a smile appeared on her face. 
“In the closet behind you.”
I returned the smile and opened the closet. I found the sprinkles and poured it on the brigadeiro. Flavia opened a drawer and filled a hand with spoons. I took the tray that had already cooled and we walked towards the exit. As soon as we stepped through the door, a loud beat began to resound from the speaker next to the pool. Samuel turned, completely dry, and smiled.
“Funk or pagode?”, he asked, his cell phone ready.
“Rock!”, Rafa shouted from the float.
If Samuel had left the float, had he gone to the kitchen and overheard my conversation with Flavia? I would have to ask him that later. The funk lyrics resounding in the speaker became more obscene and I smiled, approaching.
“Did you ask just to give us the false feeling that we have a choice?”
“Of course!”, he said, dropping the cell phone on top of the speaker and approaching.
Flavia handed him a spoon and Samuel took a bite of brigadeiro from the tray I was holding. He groaned when the spoon hit his lips and the pool float started to rattle dangerously when Rafa started screaming that they wanted too, beating their legs and arms, trying to reach the edge of the pool.
Flavia and I laughed. Eloisa and Tom reached us first. We made Rafa so envious, showing off our brigadeiros and exaggerating our moans that the next thing we heard was the splash of Rafa's body hitting the water.
Rafa surfaced, pretending to be bored, propped their elbows on the edge of the pool and spat a jet of water. We did not control ourselves, and bursted out laughing.

Chapter 35
I still couldn't believe it was only four days before I left.
“Want to play?”, Samuel asked when I approached.
He, Rafa and Tom were facing Flavia, Heitor and Alicia at the table outside. The only table in the entire place.
“What is it?”, I asked, when viewing the cards distributed between them.
Samuel patted the chair beside him.
“Now it's a glass of water.”
“Are you playing?”, I asked Flavia. She and Tom were the only ones without cards.
“Just watching”, she said.
“Do you know how to play?”, Samuel asked me.
“No.”
“Want to learn?”
“Nah”, I said, sitting on the chair next to him. “I'll just watch.”
Samuel nodded, before resting a hand on my thigh under the table. He returned to paying attention to the game.
“You lost!”, Alicia declared.
Flavia, Tom and Heitor smiled. Samuel picked up the glass of water on the table and drank the contents in one gulp.
“Again?!”, Rafa spoke.
“Shall we play a buraco?”, Samuel said, leaving the cards on the table and putting the empty glass down.
“I'll get something to eat”, Tom said, standing up.
“So, potato stroganoff?”, Heitor asked, turning to Flavia.
She nodded. 
“To make it...”, when she started talking about the way of preparation my attention was dispersed. 
“Did you hear that the judge upheld the request of Paulo and Fabiano?”, Alicia asked Samuel.
Her blond hair was tied in a loose bun, a few strands flew in the cool afternoon breeze. She looked older without makeup, more tired. But also happier. I imagined that things settled with Heitor were the reason.
“No!”, Samuel smiled. “How are they?”
“Radiant, of course! It took over two years to qualify. They were already starting to get impatient.”
“What are you talking about?”, I asked, frowning.
Samuel looked at me. 
“Paulo and Fabiano are my godparents. They are on a waiting list for adoption.”
I narrowed my eyes.
“It took two years for them to get in line?”, I asked.
“Almost three”, Alicia said, playing with the necklace around her neck. 
“The system sucks”, Samuel said at the same time. 
“How long did it take you?”, I asked Alicia.
I immediately regretted asking. I didn't even know if that was a topic they didn't like to talk about. Apparently, my fears were stupid because Samuel replied:
“My adoption was different. Mom was not registered, she hadn't even applied for it.”
“So how did it happen?”, I asked.
At that moment, I realized that Flavia's conversation with Heitor had ceased and they alternated their attention from me to Alicia. Alicia didn't seem to care.
“In one of my breaks with Heitor”, she pointed her thumb at her boyfriend next to her. “I took the car and went to take a two-week vacation at a friend's house in Manaus. The intention was just to have fun and forget about the break up. Only this friend of mine worked in an orphanage. One day, I stopped by to pick her up and ended up walking in to get to know the place.”
Samuel's fingers wraped around my thigh. The corners of his lips were lifted upward and he alternated his mother's gaze on me. Alicia had an outline of a smile on her face, her fingers were still playing with the necklace, and her eyes looked absorbed, as if the memories of that day passed like a film before her eyes. She continued:
“In one of the rooms I entered, I found a boy playing with a little girl. He had a green stuffed dinosaur under his arm. I don’t know till this day why I watched for so long”, she said, frowning. “Then Samuel looked at me”, she looked at her son and the smile grew. Samuel returned the soft smile and Alicia's eyes began to water. “And I was sure he was my son.”
Samuel straightened up in his chair and looked up at the sky, seeming to want to stop the tears from falling. 
“How was that, being sure?”, I asked.
I had never heard such a story. Alicia looked at me.
“It was something like... “My God! I've seen you before! Or have I?”. My heart sank and looking at him started to hurt. I must have been staring at him for centuries. Samuel was only six years old at the time, but he tilted his head and frowned, with a little smile on his face, as if he found the girl in the hallway curious, who kept staring at him. Then, I lost it and started crying”, she said, wiping away a tear that run down her face.
Samuel seemed to have recovered and smiled warmly at his mother. 
“I've always been very skeptical”, said Alicia. “I’m not religious and I never believed in anything like that”, she swallowed. “But that day ... It didn't seem like anything more than a reunion. A reunion of souls”, her smile grew. “I planned to spend a week in Manaus, but I ended up staying almost a month.”
“How did you explain that to Heitor afterwards?”, I asked, with a choked laugh. Seeing Alicia speak with so much conviction and so much love, had touched me more than I expected.
Alicia chuckled too, she opened her mouth to speak, but Heitor was quicker:
“It was a shock”, he said. “Alicia never wanted to get pregnant. She always could, but she never wanted to. So I was literally speechless when I found out. And it took me a while to find out.”
Flavia narrowed her eyes. 
“Oh really?”, she asked.
Heitor nodded. 
“We didn't speak after that breakup”, said Alicia. “I came back here with my heart in Manaus. And I didn't told anyone for months that I filed for adoption.”
“We were talking, actually”, Heitor said. “We already had the gym at that time, so when we talked it was always about that. Still, she didn't think I would like to know”, he said, pretending to have grudge.
Alicia shook her head. 
“It was not like that. I was set that the break up would be final. We were dating seriously, but we had never seriously talked about children. He just knew that I was terrified of getting pregnant.
“I only found out when I started to think she was seeing someone else. She was always distracted, busy, distant, she traveled more and more frequently and she was stuck to her cell phone. She only told me when I ran out of patience and told her to tell me who the guy was”, he said with a laugh. Samuel's face was unmoved. Was he hearing this part of the story for the first time? Heitor continued: “She told me and I didn't believe it. She showed me pictures and I started to think I was going crazy. I only started to believe it when I bought a ticket to go with her to Manaus. I finally belived when I met Samuel”, he looked at the boy who was his son, but wasn’t legally his son. “And I understood why Alicia had done what she did.”
Samuel frowned, as if confused. Alicia looked at Heitor with the same expression. Flavia seemed to understand as much as I did. What was going on here?
A deep silence fell on the table. Nobody seemed to want to be the first to speak. I heard a noise and turned around. Eloisa came running from the house with a giant smile on her face. Tom and Rafa appeared at the entrance door, frowning at the sight of her coming down the slope.
“She’s here! She’s here!”, Eloisa started to scream when she stopped, next to where the cars were parked, practically jumping on her own feet.
“Who?”, Flavia asked, almost shouting to be heard when getting up.
“Barbara!”, Eloisa shouted. The iron gate opened and a car came in. “My girlfriend is here!”

Chapter 36
Barbara was a nice girl. Extremely similar to Eloisa, not only in personality, but also in appearance. The biggest difference between them was the hair. While Eloisa had very short curly black hair, Barbara's hair was straight and platinum and she wore a pixie cut. Still, they could be mistaken as sisters more easily than Eloisa and I. They were the same height, the same skin color and probably the same weight. Both were outgoing and cheerful. They hadn't stopped talking for even a second since they sat at the table.
“Now explain this story of the improvised toboggan”, Barbara said, glancing at Eloisa. 
Eloisa looked radiant. 
“Flavia had the idea”, she said. 
“A childish idea”, Samuel added, with a mocking smile on his face, his arm around my chair.
“So childish that he insisted on being the second to go”, Flavia replied, narrowing her eyes at him.”
“Where did you keep the canvas?”, Alicia asked.
“In the little room with the other pool stuff”, Tom said. 
“Hey, Flavia, are you still with Caique?”, Barbara asked, turning to her.
I frowned at Samuel. Who is Caique? Samuel shrugged, apparently indiferent. 
“We stopped talking a while ago”, Flavia said, with a shrug for Barbara.
“You’re not on bad terms, right?”
“No”, she shook her head quickly. “Nothing like that. It's just...”, She glanced at Samuel. “Other people came along the way.”
His gaze drifted to the sky. My lips twitched up slightly and I rolled my eyes before resting my hand on Samuel's thigh. His gaze fell on me and he lifted the corner of his lips. Whatever he had with Flavia in the first weeks of the vacation, it didn't bother me anymore; not after talking to her. Samuel held my hand under the table.
“Wow, I miss him a lot. How is he doing?”, Barbara asked.
“Working”, Rafa said, capturing Barbara's attention. “A lot.”
A phone started to ring and Heitor got up to answer it, dragging his chair across the wooden deck. 
“Who is he?”, I asked when Heitor was already away.
“Friend of ours”, Samuel replied.
“He's the least boring Capricorn I've ever met”, Rafa said. 
Barbara nodded, as if she agreed. I frowned, not understanding. Samuel repeated my expression.
“I thought Virgos were boring”, he said.
I punched his arm. 
“Ouch!”, he exclaimed, rubbing his hand over the area.
Barbara looked at us with a frown. 
“Are you two together?”, she asked.
All eyes fell on us. I blushed, mainly because of Alicia, who had tilted her head.
“We're just friends”, I said. 
“For now”, Samuel completed. 
Everyone smiled, including Alicia. I blushed even more.
“What did I miss?”, Heitor asked, returning to sit next to his girlfriend, putting his cell phone away.
Rafa opened his mouth, probably to prolong my shame. But it was Alicia who spoke first:
“Who was it?”
“It was Brenda saying goodbye. She's already at the airport. She is leaving.”
Brenda. Brenda. Brenda... Oh. Heitor's ex-wife. I looked at Samuel. He was staring at his father. Alicia slid her free hand onto her boyfriend’s back, who didn't seem the least bit sad that his ex was leaving. In fact, he seemed peaceful like the weather.
“How about you, Barbara?”, Heitor asked, turning to her. “How's college?”
“It's killing me, Heitor. There was a day when I was doing my internship and a woman with...”, and Barbara started using a lot of technical terms. I found myself staring at her, understanding absolutely nothing.
“I didn't leave medicine for that”, Alicia said, capturing my attention. She looked at Samuel. “What did you do for lunch?”
Samuel blinked. Barbara and Heitor remained involved in the conversation.
“Why am I responsible for lunch?”, he frowned.
“I educated you better than that, Samuel”, said Alicia. 
“You don't know how to cook an egg, mom”, Samuel replied.
“And that's why you should have learned to cook. Survival.”
Samuel laughed out loud.
“We can make pizza”, Flavia said. “There's ready-made dough in the refrigerator.”
“How many?”, Rafa asked.
“About five”, Flavia said.
“Perfect!”, Samuel said, with a smile.
“I'm not going to do it”, Flavia said.
His smile faded. 
“Why?”
“As much as I love to cook, at some point it gets tiring. You guys can't make a sandwich without my supervision.”
“Hey! That’s a lie! I know how to make a sandwich”, Eloisa intervened.
Flavia rolled her eyes. Samuel stood up.
“Okay. Come on, Lydia”, he said.
I blinked. All eyes on the table fell on us, except for Barbara and Heitor, who were still very involved in the conversation.
“Why me?”, I asked.
“You can't let me make these pizzas alone! I can't even prepare soup without blowing up the kitchen!”
Like everyone else at the table, Alicia smiled at her son's defense.
“And do you think I'm the right person to stop this?”
“Ahem”, he said, pulling me by the arm. 
I stood up, shuffling my feet, slightly embarrassed. 
“Will four pizzas be enough?”, we had already started walking on the ceramic trail when Samuel turned to ask.
“Do the five!”, Flavia shouted in response.
“Don't be distracted!”, Rafa shouted, with a smile.
We were already halfway there. 
“I'm gonna try my best!”, Samuel shouted, before wrapping his fingers in mine and pulling me into the house.
***
I thought the pizzas were just Samuel's excuse to kiss me in the kitchen. I couldn't be more wrong.
He barely looked at me and walked straight to the fridge, picked up the pasta, distributed it on the counter and we set up the pizzas with all the ingredients we found. We spent most of the time in silence, occasionally talking only about the preparation.
We had just put the first two pizzas in the oven when I remembered. 
“So... you’re from Manaus?”, I asked.
Samuel leaned against the marble sink.
“That's what I heard”, he said. “What about you?”
“Right here”, I said, leaning on the counter. 
“Wow, what a nice smell!”, Rafa said, appearing with Tom right behind.
“We just put them in the oven”, I said. 
“If it smells like that when it's not ready...”, Tom said, approaching to see the other three pizzas on the counter.
I leaned over to the kitchen window. I looked out at the dining table outside. Alicia, Heitor and Flavia were the only ones who were still there.
“Where's Eloisa e Barbara?”, I asked, turning back to Rafa and Tom.
“They went for a walk”, Rafa said, poking at a pizza.
Samuel tapped their hand. I frowned.
“Walk where?”, I asked.
“What do you mean where?!”, Rafa exclaimed, narrowing his eyes at me as if I was crazy. “Around the property, hey. It's big here.”
Samuel turned to me.
“Lydia, let your sister catch up with her girlfriend. And stop poking the pizza, for God's sake!”, he complained to Rafa.
“Are you sure that this ham is not spoiled?”, Rafa asked Samuel.
“I think we're going to have to figure this out after the meal”, Tom interjected, frowning at the pizza.
“I won't be here listening to complaints about my food”, Samuel took off the apron he had tied over his hips and placed it on the counter. “You two do the dishes. Lydia, come on.”
I blinked. I immediately started to take off my apron.
“Where are you going?”, Rafa asked, lifting their head.
“If you don't mind, we're gonna catch up as well, while you wash the dishes”, Samuel said, fingers wrapped around my wrist.
“Samuel!”, I exclaimed.
“What if I do”, Rafa said, the corner of their lips lifting slightly. 
“Oh. Then Lydia and I are going to catch up despite you caring”, he started pulling me towards the stairs. “Pay attention to the pizzas! And wash the dishes!”
“You are very bold today”, I said, letting go of Samuel when we reached the second floor. I started walking down the corridor in the opposite direction to where he wanted to go.
“And apparently it doesn't attract you.”
“The day you dress up as a sexy firefighter you’ll get my full attention.”
“And you couldn't have chosen a less tacky fetish?”
I laughed out loud. We reached the end of the hall and I leaned over the window.
“What are you looking for?”, he asked, behind me.
“Eloisa”, I said, resting my hands on the windowframe, looking for her. There were many trees, which made it difficult.
“We just wasted three minutes”, he said, placing himself beside me. 
“Each pizza will take twenty to bake”, I said, still looking for my sister.
“Why are you looking for her?”
“I just want to make sure that her and Barbara are not breaking up.”
“Why would they be breaking up?”
I just stared at him.
“If the relationship isn't going well, maybe the solution is to end it”, he said, searching the landscape to find them. 
“I just want to make sure that I don't have to console my sister today”, I said. 
And being alone with him for a long time, I added mentally. I wanted to go slow with Samuel and be alone with him... well, it was like trying to put out a fire with a cloth. I lost myself in the feeling of being in his arms and there was no guarantee that I would find the path to lucidity again. Being alone with him for more than half an hour would mean sex. And although I really wanted to, I still didn't know if it was a good idea.
I had heard enough from friends to know that it was common for the guy to simply disappear after sex. Either because he had already achieved what he wanted, or because he had lost interest. And there was also the fact that black women are fetishized. I tried hard not to think about it when I was with him, but I wasn't always successful.
Samuel sighed beside me. I turned back to him.
“What's it?”, I asked.
“Do you know about the party on friday?”
I nodded. They let the subject slip away a little after Barbara arrived. They asked permission for Alicia and Heitor to have a barbecue on Friday and invite some more friends.
“Is it true that there won't be more than twelve people?”, I asked.
“Counting us? Yes. We don't have that many friends. And a small group is better than a large one.”
I nodded again. 
“They authorized it, so what's the problem?”, I asked.
He ran a hand through his hair before exhaling deeply.
“It's just... It's going to be your last day here”, his gaze met mine. “And I... wish I could give you more attention than I probably will be able to with all my friends here.”
“Hey, it's okay”, I said, nudging him with my shoulder. “I would also want to spend more time with my friends before the break is over and everything goes back to normal.”
“I know, it's just that you're leaving in four days. You are not coming tomorrow, the day after tomorrow we’ll have the party, the next day you will be with your parents and then you will leave”, he rested his forearms on the frame and looked at me. We were so close that our arms brushed each other. “This is probably the last time we will be alone.”
I must have taken a full minute to speak.
“Maybe that's better”, I said softly. 
He knew what I meant. We had already gotten too involved. A little more and maybe the feeling would deepen. Nothing was more dangerous than that, since we would be separated by the time the break would be over.
I didn't even know if I had completely gotten over Caio yet. Get over Samuel too? Something we didn't even have a chance to start?
Samuel looked at me deeply before saying: “I honestly don't agree.”
When I realized, our faces were very close. Samuel leaned over and I closed my eyes, my lips tingled with anxiety for the kiss that never came. I opened my eyes. Samuel had leaned against the window frame.
“Eloisa?”, he murmured, frowning.
So I saw. My sister and her girlfriend had appeared in the trees. They walked a little further and we were able to see them perfectly. Barbara's platinum hair shone in the sun. She and Eloisa were holding hands, looking at the horizon.
I tilted my head, admiring their cuteness. Eloisa turned to her girlfriend, looking at her for a moment. Then my sister leaned over and kissed her, a peck as soft as the smile that opened on Samuel's lips. I knew what he was thinking. That was why they lied. It was for moments like that that everything was worth it.
Eloisa and Barbara's lips stayed together and I rested my head on Samuel's shoulder, absorbing the image. My sister happily kissing the person she loved amid the beauty of the grass and trees on the land.
“They make a beautiful couple”, I whispered.
Samuel nodded, before resting his chin on my head. We watched them for a moment.
Eloisa fit Barbara's face in her hands. Barbara opened her lips under my sister's and pulled her against her. The delicate caress turned into a sweeping, urgent, desperate, deep kiss... almost obscene. I lifted my head from Samuel's shoulder and he suddenly looked as uncomfortable as I did.
Lost in their kiss, Eloisa and Barbara sat on the grass. The hands explored each part of the other's body. My sister moved her hands to her girlfriend's thigh, placing herself between them... I turned my face, staring at the wall behind Samuel. He was still beside me, paralyzed, staring at the ceiling as if he were about to be pulled into another dimension.
“We were never here?”, he murmured.
“We were never here”, I agreed.
And he took me by the hand before pulling me toward the stairs. 

Chapter 37
We couldn't face Eloisa and Barbara for the rest of the afternoon. Fortunately, they didn't notice, too happy with each other's company. At the end of the day, they said goodbye with a passionate kiss and, surprisingly, Samuel also said goodbye to me like that.
The next day, my parents decided to go out to dinner and asked Eloisa to invite her boyfriend. Then Samuel appeared. Eloisa’s face was all twisted with concern before we even left the house. When Samuel joined us, her expression only deepened. However, Samuel and I couldn't seem to be more distant that night. Except for a few exchanges of looks, we did not demonstrate our intimacy.
With a kiss goodbye to Eloisa, Samuel left after dinner. And when we finally got home, we started exchanging messages, as we had been doing since the day we decided to go slow.
“What do I need to do for you to pay attention to me?”, Eloisa asked, capturing my attention.
My smile thinned. She glanced at me, clenching her fingers on the steering wheel. I hung up the phone, leaving Samuel unanswered. It wouldn't make any difference, soon, I was going to see him, since we were going to the country house.
“Sorry, what did you say?”, I asked.
“You stayed like that yesterday all day.” 
I leaned my head back on the car seat.
“I really like to talk to him, Elo”, I murmured, with a baby voice. 
My sister's lips curved upwards, unwillingly.
“I usually hate to talk to people by message”, I said. “They go days without answering me and the conversation never holds up. It is always the “hello, how are you?”, “Well and you?”, “good too” and then we try to make a joke to break the mood, or it is sarcastic in some way and the person doesn’t understand. From then on, the dialogue meaningless. With Samuel I can really talk. Damn, that’s is so rare.”
Eloisa nodded. She pushed the button on the gate control and we passed by, the car's wheels making noise against the gravel.
“For some time now, talking to someone in person has been a thousand times easier than messaging.”
“I thought that only I thought so. So... How are things between you and Barbara? And the job? Any more news?”
Through the windshield, I saw four people in the pool area that I didn't know, Rafa and Flavia among them. Samuel and Tom were probabilly somewhere in the kitchen. A loud funk was playing to liven up the barbecue. The delicious aroma of meat on the grill reached my nose.
“Barbara and I are fine. The distance was really affecting us, but not anymore. And the job, I will start in the first week of August. Are you coming back on your birthday?
“I don't think so”, I replied, pulling down the mirror and taking a look at my appearance. I started to fix my hair. “I have class on my birthday. I can't miss it.”
It was a party, so I allowed myself to leave my glasses at home. I wore the red lipstick that had driven Samuel crazy once and one of the smallest bikinis in my closet under the dress. The leopard print was provocative in the right way. Maybe Samuel didn't notice, but I did. I was beautiful.
Eloisa parked the car under the shade of a tree and we got out of the car.
“Will Barbara come?”, I asked, walking beside Eloisa.
“She'll be here a little later.”
“LOOK who’s here!”, a girl next to Flavia shouted to Eloisa, opening her arms. A can of beer in one hand.
“OHHHHH!!!”, Eloisa smiled and ran to them.
My sister practically threw herself on the girl. They hugged each other tight for a second. The girl was half staggering, half drunk in my sister's arms.
“Lydia, this is Dayse”, Eloisa introduced us. 
Dayse was a fat girl, short, with blue eyes and curly blond hair. She smiled at me. I greeted her, returning the smile. Then Eloisa, Rafa and Flavia started introducing me to the others.
Charlotte was a tall girl with skin as pale as Flavia's and eyes drawn like Samuel's. Samuel was not here for me to compare their height, but it was probably an insignificant difference. She greeted me with a huge smile, beer in hand. I praised her bikini, before I turned to meet Hugo, a white boy that Flavia didn't seem to want to let go of.
“And this is Caique”, Rafa said, indicating the light-skinned, shirtless black boy.
I also greeted him with a smile. Oh, so that was the boy that Flavia was with! My God, I still needed to improve a lot on not letting myself get carried away by stereotypes. Flavia had the body of a model and her ex-boyfriend (whom I was hooking up, by the way) was very handsome, so I imagined that Caique was, like Samuel, conventionally handsome. Clearly, I still had a lot of deconstructing to do, because Caique was a few inches shorter than Flavia, had a protruding belly and an effeminate manner. He was slightly drunk and greeted me with a tight hug.
“The okra is ready!”, Tom shouted from the kitchen.
I frowned. 
“Cool!”, Caique yelled. He took Flavia's hand and the two started walking, while shaking their asses to the funk rhythm towards the house.
I laughed at the scene. Samuel appeared at the doorframe and laughed as he passed them. With a wide smile, he approached. I opened my mouth to greet him, but he leaned over and pressed his lips to mine. His hands slid to my waist, gluing our chests, pulling me closer. My fingers sank into his hair. Our mouths deepened in the rhythm of our breathing. His lips tasted like a drink that I couldn't quite identify. He bit my bottom lip and I forgot everything and plunged into our kiss.
The already loud sound of the music rose and the people next to us practically howled at us. He reluctantly walked away from me with a last peck and turned to group, one arm still around my waist.
“Lydia, you already meet Hugo, right?”, Samuel said, pointing to the boy with his free hand.
Hugo, who was swaying to the music, handed Samuel a beer, which he accepted. I nodded.
“He's practically the only straight friend I have”, Samuel was clearly a little drunk. 
“We have to be the minority somewhere”, Hugo said, lifting his beer, clearly drunk too. 
“Want a caipirinha?”, Samuel asked in my ear, his arm still around me.
“Yes, please!” 
Then he started to pull me towards the house.
It was not even noon and I was the only one sober. That urgently needed to be fixed.
***
Fortunately, Samuel's caipirinha was very tasty and the world became a sequence of meaningless photos from then on. 
Photo 1: Flavia and Caique wiggling a lot in front of the pool, both sensualizing with grilled okra between the lips. Apparently the two were the only ones who didn't eat meat.
Photo 2: The meat was gone in an hour and everyone seemed upset enough to start eating the grilled vegetables that had been made by Flavia and Caique. 
Photo 3: Flavia and Samuel fighting over a skewer of eggplant, tomatoes and zucchini; Tom trying to appease the fight and Rafa laughing until they fell to the ground. 
Photo 4: Barbara giving a piece of tofu to Eloisa's mouth like someone offering a grape to a Greek Goddess. 
Photo 5: Charlotte, drunk, answering Rafa's questions, also drunk, about the sex reassignment surgery she had done. 
Photo 6: I, shocked to find out that she was a trans woman, but letting it go the next minute and went back to dancing, because I was already following enough trans people on the internet to know the answers to all the curiosities I could have. Besides, we weren’t close so asking her anything could’ve been inconvenient. And also: she was not obliged to answer anything.
Photo 7: Everyone just wearing a bikini and shorts and playing in the pool.
Photo 8: Dayse, Flavia and Caique twerking around the edge of the pool. Me and Rafa joining them.
Photo 9: Samuel sprouting beside me and starting to twerk too. Me laughing out loud when I realized he was better than me.
Photo 10: Eloisa, looking quite sober, telling me that she and her girlfriend were going for a car ride. 
Photo 11: Flavia kissing everyone. Rafa, Charlotte, Dayse and even Tom. I didn't expect Tom.
Photo 12: Flavia passing straight through Samuel, and capturing my lips with hers. 
Photo 13: Me deepening the kiss in Flavia. She definitely knew what she was doing.
Photo 14: I laughing a lot when I realize that Eloisa and Barbara were probably taking a ride to the nearest motel. 
Photo 15: Dayse, drunk, telling me about the time she had been with a guy who, for some reason, had thought that the crease in her thigh was a vagina.
Photo 16: Me laughing out loud and asking Samuel to never do this to me; he assuring me that he would never go through that shame.
Photo 17: I shocked to find out that Hugo, Flavia and Caique were making out a lot among the trees.
Photo 18: Rafa sitting on the sofa in the living room, drinking water with Tom watching them.
Photo 19: Me meeting Samuel alone in his room on the second floor. 
Photo 20: me, exhausted, sitting on the soft bed, leaning my back on the pillows. Samuel with his arms wrapped around my waist and his head resting against my chest, uttering incomprehensible words.
After that, everything went dark. 

Chapter 38
I woke up with startled, but I couldn't move. Samuel was still asleep, lying beside me, girding my waist with his arm, his lips against the skin of my shoulder. A loud funk continued to resonate downstairs and it was still daylight. The sun, however, was already almost setting.
I blinked a lot. The world seemed to be getting back on track and I felt sober, but not quite. It was like I was back in control of my body, but I was still courageous and reckless. Because of that, my fingers slid over the boy's face that I wouldn't see again anytime soon after today. Samuel sighed and pulled me closer.
“Are you okay?”, I asked, dropping my hand.
“As much as possible”, he murmured, still with his eyes closed.
“Do you want water?”
“I don't want you to get up”, he said softly, pulling me against him. 
I also didn't want to leave, the bed was soft, warm and delicious. He was soft, warm and delicious. But my mouth was dry and I desperately wanted to check my appearance. I came with red lipstick, didn't I? And mascara, and... My God. I had kissed Samuel, and Flavia, and then jumped in the pool.
“I'll get water for both of us”, I said, letting go of him. 
Samuel just grunted, still with his eyes closed. When had he changed clothes? After all the boys threw themselves in the pool, had he gone up and changed? My God. I didn't remember that at all.
I left the room trying not to make a noise. I had no idea what I looked like at that moment, but it couldn't be good. I went into the bathroom in Rafa and Flavia's room and almost screamed at what I saw. I washed my face and did the best I could on my hair. I only dared to walk towards the stairs when I thought I was presentable again.
Rafa was stretched out on the sofa in shorts, sleeping soundly. Through the kitchen, I visualized Charlotte, Dayse, Hugo and Tom playing cards on the table outside. Apparently, they were not yet sober. I filled two bottles of water and started walking back up the stairs, but stopped when I passed by the TV room door. The sound of pleas and low moans resounded against the door and I widened my eyes, rushing out. Eloisa and Barbara were not here and one of the voices was unmistakably male.
Flavia and Caique. 
Holy shit. A shiver ran down my back, and I tried my best to keep my thoughts off what was going on in that room. 
Samuel had sat on the edge of the bed. He had his head down when I arrived.
“You won't believe it when you find out who's having sex”, I said, closing the door and entering the room.
He raised his head to face me.
“Apparently not us”, he said, with a slight smile. 
I just raised my eyebrows. 
“Do you want me to say it or not?”
“I have been told all my life that men are not gossipers. That stereotype clearly doesn't apply to me, tell me.”
Then I remembered that it was his ex we were talking about. 
“On second thought, maybe I shouldn't tell.”
“Why?”, he narrowed his eyes. “It's Flavia, right? And Caique.”
Slowly, I nodded. Surprisingly, he started to laugh.
“Fuck, at leat one of us”, he murmured, so quietly I almost didn't hear. 
I rolled my eyes and walked over, holding out a bottle of water. He accepted, opened the bottle and took a big sip.
“My first impression of him was that he was gay”, I said, opening my bottle.
Samuel shook his head and took the bottle from his lips. 
“He's bi. Or pan. I don't know which one. I still don't understand the difference”, he said, drinking the water again.
I nodded. I think the LGBTQIA + community has not yet reached a consensus on this issue. Or was I really out of date? I would need to look for it later.
I raised my bottle to my lips and Samuel's eyes watched me intently. I was so disconcerted by his look that, I swear, accidentally, a drop of water fell and ran down my chest to my belly.
Samuel took the bottle out of his mouth and narrowed his eyes.
“That’s not a fair game”, he said. 
I laughed. I found a towel on the door rack and started drying myself. Samuel closed the bottle and continued to watch me. I would be lying if I didn't say that my movements were slow, calculated and strategic, so I expected to be able to bring out the parts that I liked most about my body with each one.
“I think this is my favorite bikini”, Samuel said, his lips slowly curving into a malicious smile. 
“You can borrow if you like, anytime.”
He laughed out loud, taken aback by my comment. I put the towel back in place, satisfied, and sat down next to him. His arm brushed mine.
“It reminds me of the last time I was alone with you in a bikini.” 
“Oh”, I said. “That time you were paralyzed when you saw my breasts?”
I thought he was going to be defensive, but he just laughed and turned his eyes to the floor, his cheeks slightly flushed. 
“That's right”, he said, looking back at me. 
A chill ran through my body. 
“Want to share the reason?”, I said, nudging him with my elbow.
“No thank you.”
I smiled.
“Come on, It is clearly not because they are ugly, otherwise we would hardly be here again.”
“Let's just say that I ... “, he looked at me again. “I felt like a teenager about to have their first time.”
“They say it is always a first time when you are with a different person.”
He weighed for a moment. 
“There is some truth to that.”
We faced each other for a long time. Being under Samuel's eyes made fell like air was compressing me, disorienting me for a second.
“Did you lock the door?”, he asked softly, his eyes falling to my lips.
I swallowed and shook my head. He nodded, looked away at the floor and placed the water bottle beside the bed before getting up. I placed my bottle next to his and put myself on my knees on the mattress, almost shaking with anxiety. With a click, the door was locked and Samuel turned back to me.
“Are you okay?”
I nodded. A question mark probably flashed on my forehead because Samuel smiled.
“I want to know if you're sober”, he said, walking over to me.
“Enough to give consente”, I said. 
“The perfect amount”, he said, with a smile, less than a foot from me. 
I swallowed. The air seemed to suffocate me, the distance between our bodies seemed to suffocate me... I reached out a hand and let my fingers brush against Samuel's cheekbone. He moved closer, his eyes locked on mine.
“It looks like I was wrong”, he said, sliding his hands from my ribs to my waist, sending an electric current through my spine. “This is probably the last time we will be alone.”
He sat on his knees on the mattress and my fingers went to the back of his neck. His hands pulled me close, gluing our bodies, legs against legs, hips against hips. The sound of our synchronized breaths was loud against the silence of the room. Our chests rose and fell at the same rate. I slid my hand through his hair and pulled his face towards mine, bringing our noses closer. He just needed to lean over and....
“You won't paralyze again, will you?”, I whispered, provocative, my lips practically against his.
“I'm not going to...”, he repeated, bewildered for a moment, as if I had spoken in a foreign language. Then he blinked a few tihes before he found himself.
His eyes took on a intensity, and with two movements, Samuel laid me on the bed. 
“It depends”, he said, opening my legs. He leaned over and started kissing my thighs, his fingers caressing the muscle. My back arched with the sensation of his lips moving up my skin, slowly biting and sucking on sensitive parts. A low moan escaped my lips when his explored the inside of my thigh. So close. “Do you wanna go all in?”, he asked as he looked up, his lips drawn in an outline of an arrogant smile.
If Samuel was the kind of guy who would disappear after sex, it wouldn't make a difference, would it? The distance was going to separate us anyway. Besides, if Samuel were that guy, it would make things too easy for me. Any feelings that I was starting to have for him would end, so as not to compromise Eloisa's plan.
Clouding my thoughts, Samuel kissed me again, this time on the stomach, moving away from the place he knew I wanted and slowly rising towards my breasts. I pulled him by the collar of his shirt, he propped himself up on his elbows, placing his hips between my legs, his lips brushing the corner of my mouth.
Our breaths became loud and synchronized again, the distance between our bodies was no more than mere inches, but it was just as uncomfortable as the clothes he was still wearing. His lips teased mine and I almost lost myself in the sensation. So I came to myself again and slid my fingers over the back of his neck. Samuel's eyes met mine and my spine arched, glueing our bodies even more.
“I’m all in”, I said. 
Relief shone in his eyes. Then another emotion. Joy.
“I’m all in”, he repeated, before stealing my breath by taking my mouth with his lips. 

Chapter 39
They say it is always like the first time when you are with a different person. I still didn't have enough experience to testify to the truth of that saying, but that was exactly how I felt when Samuel and I started to unravel each other's bodies.
I practically tore off his clothes after he got a condom, but I made no move to help him take off my bikini. He did it with pleasure, his lips twitching in a smile that weakened my legs. Samuel kissed, licked and bit every sensitive area of my body, some I didn't even remember existed. He whispered all sorts of sexy things, teasing as his hands caressed my skin, drawing sighs and moans from my throat.
Our loud breaths synchronized, our hearts began to beat in a way that was unique to us, and our bodies moved against each other, decimating my sanity. Samuel undeniably had more experience, but each body is different, our dance was slow, fun, sensual, intimate and pleasurable...
We did everything in our time and when we were done, exhausted and out of breath, we curled up together.
“How about a bath?”, he suggested, hands on my waist.
My lips twitched in a malicious smile. 
“Great idea.” 
Since his room was not a suite, we needed to get dressed. Samuel put on underwear and shorts and I tucked myself back in my bikini, my legs still wobbly. Samuel took off his sheets (Tom also slept in that room, after all) and laughed at me when he noticed my wobbly walk. He linked his fingers in mine and we walked to the bathroom hand in hand.
 The bedding was thrown in the laundry basket, he locked the door and we undressed, but unfortunately, we went no further than that (he realized too late that, in his haste, he had forgotten the condom in the room). 
We kissed, laughed, washed and teased. My neurons seemed to dissipate at a certain moment and I wondered if it was his presence that left me stunned or if it was the water that was too hot. Then he pulled me into a wet, lustful kiss, his hands exploring my entire body and, just like that, I was ready for him. And he was ready for me, visibly. Then, I was sure that no hot water would be able to provoke those reactions in my body as Samuel could.
Half an hour later, we parted reluctantly, dressed and walked downstairs, holding hands. We had heard a car park and thought it was Eloisa. And it was. It was already dark and, through the glass wall, we watched my sister and girlfriend go up the slope.
Surprisingly, I found my dress lying on the sofa in the living room. I let go of Samuel's hand and ran the dress over my head. The fabric settled on my body and I slid my fingers over its smooth texture, realizing that I was ready to go.
And after that, I wouldn't be coming back. 
I looked up at Samuel. He was staring at me, frowning, as if he were thinking the same thing.
“I think it ends here, right?”, he asked, his voice no more than a whisper.
Slowly, I nodded, memorizing every trace of his face. The shape of the lips that I had kissed so much, the cheekbones that I had admired so many times, the brown eyes that looked as sad as I did at that moment.
“It ends here”, I said quietly. My heart seemed to stop beating for a long, painful minute at the thought.
Slowly, he held out his hand to me, a corner of his lips lifted in a mixture of sadness and resignation. I linked our fingers and we walked towards the exit.
We met everyone around the table outside. Flavia and Caique were sitting side by side, smiling like my sister and Barbara. But Rafa, Tom, Charlotte, Hugo and Dayse chose me and Samuel to pick on. Apparently we were not as discreet as we would’ve liked.
Samuel and I blushed so much at the jokes that I thought we were going to become tomatoes. But we kept to ourselves and we didn't talk about it. They eventually gave up and the effect of the alcohol passed, making everybody more ashamed. With almost everyone sober, we talked and laughed for minutes that felt like hours.
When our time came, Eloisa and I said goodbye. I hugged one by one, promising to keep in touch, Rafa mainly. They made it clear that they would like it more than everyone else. Finally, I said goodbye to Samuel with a long hug and a brief peck.
I backed away first, smiling softly. 
Flavia smiled warmly at me. Rafa looked resigned and at the same time upset. Tom's head was bowed in a wistful expression. Barbara seemed more upset about saying goodbye to my sister. Hugo, Caique, Dayse and Charlotte just waved. Samuel's dark eyes found mine for a second before I turned and walked towards the car.
Eloisa and I entered and buckled our seat belts in silence. Through the window, I saw Samuel fold his arms as he watched the car start and move away. I watched the group shrink until they were nothing more than a heap of dots in the sea of green grass.
I looked forward again and sighed, resting my elbow on the car door. They had been friends with Eloisa for many years so it probably wouldn't be the last time I saw them. But people go separate ways. They choose different paths. And so much changes in the world in a minute, so who knows how many things would change in six months.
“I bet that he would text you first”, Eloisa said.
I just looked at her. 
“And do you think this is a good time for betting?”
Slowly, her lips twitched upward. 
“It is always a good time for betting.”

Chapter 40
Eloisa won the bet. Samuel actually texted first.
It was no big deal, however. It was to check if I was okay, if I had liked the day before. The answer was yes to all questions. But I was too sad to have a conversation and he was too busy with work at the gym.
So my last two days in the city went flying by. I stayed with my parents all day, trying to please them and not disturb them. Basically, we were watching TV and talking about my plans at college. Thanks to all the times I ignored them when they made ignorant comments, we managed to continue the rest of the day with some peace, despite the typical discomfort we had when we were together.
Samuel: I'm here. 
I squinted at the notification. 
I was at the bus station, practically empty at that time of night, waiting for my bus to arrive, with my parents and Eloisa by my side. It was already Sunday and we had exchanged messages during the day, but nothing more than the safe topics and some fun stickers.
Me: I thought you wouldn't come. 
It was what he said. To me, to my sister and for my parents.
Samuel: I changed my mind.
Samuel: I'm at the women's bathroom door.
Samuel: come here.
My bus hadn't arrived yet, so I did. I told my parents that I needed to go to the bathroom, giving my sister a meaningful look. Eloisa seemed to understand, because she nodded, imperceptibly. My parents, on the other hand, scolded me for leaving it for the last moment and gave me a disapproving look before I turned and ran towards the back of the bus station.
The bus station was so beaten down, so old and it was so sinister at night that it didn't need much to look abandoned. When I reached the bathroom corridor, I found Samuel standing by the door. I was terrible at facial reading. But he definitely didn't look happy. He watched me approach with a different gleam in his eyes, as if trying to memorize that moment. I stopped in front of him and was about to speak when he pulled me into the ladies' room.
The room was completely empty, but he was not satisfied and put us in one of the cabins before locking it. I opened my mouth to joke about the fact that the toilet next to us had seen better days, but Samuel leaned over and kissed me, swallowing my words.
I closed my eyes and his hands wrapped around my waist, extinguishing the distance between our bodies and pushing me against the cabin wall. It was wonderful to feel that friction again, the synchrony of our breaths mixing. Our lips locked and moved at an agile, familiar and feverish rhythm. My fingers dug into his hair and he groaned with a flick of my tongue. His hands explored my back, my hips, then went up to the back of my neck and he deepened the kiss, completely stealing my breath.
We stoped for a bit and he rested his arm on the wall behind me. Samuel's eyes remained locked on mine, our chests rose and fell fast, to the rhythm of our panting.
“Friends?”, I asked, still inhaling.
Samuel nodded, slowly. He moved even closer and took off my glasses with one movement. With his lips parted, his eyes glazed over my mouth, he slid his hand from the frame to my face, gently brushing his thumb across my skin. My mouth was dry, my heart seemed to stop for a second, my mind running wild. Samuel's lips brushed delicately over mine in a brief, feathery kiss.
“But not that friendly”, he murmured, tantalizingly moving his lips over my mouth.
I nodded, drunk with his scent, with his proximity, his familiarity... 
My phone rang, awakening us from the cloud of desire that we had managed to create inside an execrable bathroom cabin. 
Eloisa: where are you?
Eloisa: the bus is here.
Eloisa: I’m going to the women's bathroom.
Eloisa: I'm at the door, where are you?
Me: one minute.
Me: I'm coming. 
My eyes met Samuel's again and I lowered the phone. He lowered his arm. Slowly, Samuel took a step back, almost colliding with the toilet. My lips pulled up uncontrollably.
An outline of a smile appeared on Samuel's face. We faced each other for a brief moment. Then, as quickly as they came, our smiles faded.
“Good trip, Lydia”, Samuel said, softly.
I turned the unlock the key and looked at him one last time, narrowing my eyes, because that was the only way I could not let my incomprehensible mixture of feelings come to the surface. "Goodbye" seemed to be the perfect word to say at that moment. But I knew I would see him again.
“See you, Samuel.” 
And then I opened the door and left. 

Chapter 41
Three weeks later
I remembered fondly of the July vacation, the things I had done and the people I had met, but I no longer lived in my parents' town. My life was not there and I had fallen in love with a boy that I couldn't have. So I needed to get busy. And that's what I did. With Conrado.
“Thank you, Lydia” Conrado said, taking the plastic cup I offered him. 
“You're welcome”, I replied.
In perfect sync, we lifted our steaming coffee cups to our lips, looking at the quiet traffic, waiting for our bus to reach the empty stop. 
The first friend I had made in the first month of Pharmacy had been Conrado. For almost a year, our partnership only existed within the scope of the university; we just talked there, and when we talked outside it was about something related to it. It made sense, the year before we were both too busy with our toxic relationships.
In July, while I met a fantastic group of friends, I got close to my sister, fell in love with a boy and had the best vacation of my life, Conrado had broken up with his boyfriend after one depression crises, two panic attacks and six therapy sessions.
He only told me all this after four days of school. From the fourth day onwards, I stuck to him like a tick. Not because I thought he was about to throw himself off a bridge at any minute. Not that. But because he was getting better and I liked him a lot.
We both shared the fact that our exes were manipulative assholes, as well as being very private and liking to keep our feelings to ourselves. What had happened to Conrado was proof of how destructive that could be. So, we started talking about everything from that day. Because he wanted to improve and so did I.
Fortunately, Conrado's ex-boyfriend lived in his hometown. Conrado only lived here to study and had moved in the first weeks of August to a new place that was a few blocks from my grandparents' house. In other words, he was far from temptation and we created a comfortable routine.
We met at the bus stop every morning, I brought two cups of coffee made by my grandmother and we drank our drinks in a pleasant silence until the bus arrived. 
“Did you see Pedro's new haircut?”, Conrado asked, after we threw our plastic cups in the trash next to the bench.
I frowned. 
“Aren't there five Pedros in our class?”
Conrado raised his eyebrows. 
“Do you even go there everyday?”
I rolled my eyes. He pulled out his cell phone and opened a photo. I recognized the boy right away. Conrado showed two photos to me. One from before and one from after. The boy was so white that he almost looked albino, so in the first photo, with bleached hair, he looked like a boy who was still in high school. In the second, the hair had grown to just below the chin and was painted a shiny dark brown.
“Wow. He’s beautiful”, I said.
“Beautiful? He looks like a vampire.”
“You think?”
“Lydia, he could have been cast in Twilight.” 
“Guaranteed employment, then. He doesn't even need to know how to act.”
Conrado laughed and put the phone in his pocket. Immediately our bus stopped with a low hiss and we got in, paid and chose our seats.
“Are your parents coming here for your birthday?”, Conrado asked, placing the backpack on his lap.
“They want to, but they will be at work.”
“Oh, what a shame”, Conrado said, with a smile. He knew that I would not like to spend my birthday with my parents. “So what do you want to do?”
“How about I go to your house in the late afternoon? We do brigadeiro and criticize the TV programming.”
Conrado narrowed his eyes at me.
“And the next day we go to a bar”, I said.
Satisfied, he nodded before looking back. 
“Done.”
***
Eloisa: hehehe a girl here was fired because they found out she was talking badly about our boss on twitter.
Me: do you talk shit about your boss on twitter?
Eloisa: no.
Me: so you won't be next. 
Eloisa: haha.
Eloisa: it serves as a lesson for you to never do that. 
Me: noted. 
I put the phone in my pocket and went back to trying to pay attention to class. Immediately, Conrado came through the doorframe and passed right by the professor.
“You won't believe what I heard when I was in the bathroom”, he whispered as he sat down at the desk behind me.
“What?”, I whispered back.
The teacher stopped talking immediately and narrowed his eyes at us. I closed my mouth. The teacher stared at us for a brief second before returning to teach.
“Later”, Conrado whispered to me. 
I nodded, without looking back, and went back to paying attention in class. Until my phone vibrated in my pocket again.
Eloisa: guess who won a trip to Peru. 
Me: tell me it was us. 
Eloisa: I wish. 
Eloisa: Samuel and Rafa. 
Eloisa: Heitor gave it to them. They go on the next holiday.
Me: I’m jealous. 
Me: Didn't Flavia feel left out?
Eloisa: no.
Eloisa: Heitor had already talked to them about this trip before. Flavia said she was not going because she had no money. Heitor was unable to buy tickets for everyone, so he offered to help her, but she refused. She said that they would rather she go without her this year, but that she would travel with them next year. She said till then she will have organized herself better.
Me: Flavia is strange.
Eloisa: she is an Aquarius. 
Me: and is that justification for refusing a trip to Peru???
Eloisa: as weird as it may seem, yes.
Eloisa: how are things there?
Me: Conrado has dragged me to all kinds of parties. 
Eloisa: No!
Eloisa: did you kiss anyone?
Me: two guys.
Me: but they didn't mean anything, we didn't do anything else. 
Eloisa: you need to loosen up more. 
Me: I'm very loose.
Eloisa: I know. 
Eloisa: Tom transferred from college, did you know?
Eloisa: he’s moving. 
Eloisa: Rafa is pretending they don't care, but deep down they are upset. 
Me: did he go to college??
Eloisa: did you even spend the holidays with us ??
Me: he never told me!!
Eloisa: you know it was okay to ask, right?
Eloisa: if you want you can even ask me about Samuel...
Me: I know how he is, I still talk to him.
Eloisa: what do you do? Do you send stickers without really talking?
Me: are you reading our conversations?
Eloisa: I am. 
Eloisa: over his shoulder. 
Me: sometimes we actually talk, you know? Sometimes we talk about deep topics and topics that really matter.
Me: only that I'm very committed to not thinking about him. 
Me: I really like him, Elo, but I'm too young. A relationship with him is not going to work out anytime soon and I need to think about my future too.
Eloisa: that sounds so Rafa to me. 
Me: Rafa is very wise. 
Eloisa: Rafa is very wise. 
Me: Tom changed to which course?
Eloisa: medicine. 
Me: what?
Eloisa: I know. 
Me: what did he do before?
Eloisa: sociology. 
Me: what?
Eloisa: I KNOW. 
Me: how amazing! 
Me: they have nothing in common. 
Eloisa: imagine him there? Being called Tomás and stuff.
Eloisa: (emoji rolling her eyes).
Me: Tomás is a beautiful name.
Eloisa: but he is not Tomás. 
Eloisa: he is Tom. 
Eloisa: our Tom.
Me: ownt.
Eloisa: first you, then him. 
Eloisa: this is ridiculous, why can't I have you all in one place? Preferably in a cage where I can take you with me everywhere.
Me: why not ignore all that stuff about “if you love something, you have to let them go?”
Eloisa: this only applies to the straight people. 
Me: (laughing emoji).
Just then, the bell rang, freeing all the students for the break. I turned in the chair to face Conrado. Between breaking up with his boyfriend and six therapy sessions, he had dyed his hair red. He looked so good that, for some reason, every time I looked at him I remembered the Fairy Kingdoms from Cassandra Clare's books.
“Caio and his girlfriend broke up”, Conrado said.
I blinked. 
“Oh.”
“Please do not tell me that you want to go back with him.”
“Sure, because I have selective amnesia. Obviously, I'm not going back with him. Who broke up with whom?”
“Does it makes a difference?”
I shrugged my shoulders.
“I don’t think so...”
“Maybe I shouldn't have told you that.” 
“No...”, I shook my head. “It doesn't change anything, but I'm glad you told me. I would just like to know that he will not treat any other woman the way he treated me. Still, he was my first love, right? I still haven't managed to completely erase all the good times we had. He meant too much for me. You know?”
Conrado braced the back of the chair and sighed.
“I wish I didn't.”
I already knew him well enough to know that he was thinking about his ex. Dangerous topic.
Very dangerous. 
“Are we going to the cafeteria?”, I asked. An obvious way to try to change the subject, but good enough.
Conrado nodded. We got up and walked towards the exit.
“We still have to decide how to celebrate your birthday”, he said. 
“I thought brigadeiro and TV were the perfect program”, I said. 
“But they don't guarantee orgasms, which is what we need.”
“They guarantee me mini orgasms when I have PMS.”
“And you want to have a mini orgasm with me right next to you? Really?”
I laughed out loud. He shook his head, an outline of a smile twitching on his lips.
“Depraved.” 

Chapter 42
“Want to know something? Thanks to that talk, I have enough energy to stay awake for months”, Conrado said, lifting a scoop of ice cream to his lips.
“I think even the speaker knows that. You snored really loudly”, I replied, finishing my ice cream cone.
Conrado gasped so loudly that a couple of passersby turned away from us, looking at him like he was crazy. I bit my lip to keep from laughing.
“Are you serious?”, Conrado grabbed my arm with his free hand and came over, eyes wide. “Please tell me you're not serious.”
“Maybe the speaker didn't hear your snoring, but he must have seen you drooling with you mouth open.” 
Conrado grunted before plunging his spoon into the ice cream jar, discounting all his frustration on the ice cream that I thought it would turn into a milkshake. I was about to make a silly comment about it, but I looked ahead and stopped. Conrado stopped beside me and only understood my reaction when he looked straight ahead and faced my ex.
Caio. 
“Oh, no”, Conrado murmured. 
A few meters away, Caio moved away from the gate of my grandparents' house, from my house, taking his hand off the intercom. Restless, he stared at the gate for a moment. Looking like he was about to leave, but he turned and faced me and Conrado. His eyes widened, his mouth opened.
I just blinked. I expected everything in life except see him again. Suddenly, my heart was racing in my chest.
“There's still time to run”, Conrado whispered. 
Caio could not have heard, but he seemed to wake up from his torpor at the same moment. He started walking towards me. I gave up trying to disguise my astonishment and watched him approach.
“What are you doing here?”, I asked. The lump in my throat increased.
“You don't answer my messages”, Caio replied. 
“I blocked you.”
Caio released his breath, looking defeated. 
“That's why, then”, he said, his eyes never leaving mine for even a second. 
The air seemed to suffocate me for the long, tortuous moment we faced each other. 
“Can we talk?”, Caio asked.
“No”, Conrado replied, reminding me of his existence.
I turned to my friend. Conrado shook his head at me as if to say “it's not a good idea”. It wasn't a good idea at all. But Caio was already here. Conrado seemed to understand by my eyes that I was not going to send him away. He sighed.
“Text me later”, he said, both as a request and a question. 
I nodded. With one last suspicious look at Caio, Conrado turned and left. I turned back to Caio.
“Did you talk to my grandparents?”, I asked. My grandparents did not appear to be leaning out of the window. Which was a good sign.
“I just asked about you, but you weren't here.”
I turned around, indicating to him to accompany me. We walked together for a moment to a little square a few blocks from my house. Away from the eyes of my grandparents and complicit neighbors.
“Go ahead”, I said, sitting with my arms crossed on a stone bench. 
Caio sat on the other side of the bench, turning to face me. 
“I miss you, Lydia.”
I just stared at him, remembering the many lonely nights that I missed him too.
“You left me for another girl, Caio.” 
He could’ve said that it had not been the case; that we were done. I still didn't know when he met that girl. But Caio did none of that. He just sighed and lowered his head.
“I'm sorry”, he murmured.
And as simple as that, I had confirmation. I had really been thrown away.
How dare he? I got up. I barely took a step before he took me by the arm and raised his head to me.
“Please, Lydia, don't do this.” 
“I am not doing anything. You did.”
“I'm so sorry. I really am.”
“What do you want from me? Why are you here?”
“Because I love you”, I snorted. “And I want you back”, he added.
I shook my head. He did that. He had discarded me. Why was he acting as if going back and starting over was so simple?
“Why would I choose someone who didn't choose me?”
He stood up, took me by both arms and leaned over, approaching, looking at me like I never thought he would again. 
“I'm choosing you now.”
“How exactly?”
“I broke up with her. For you, I broke up with her.”
“I didn't ask you to break up with her.”
“I know. I did it because I wanted to”, he slid his fingers down my arm, lovingly. “I want back all the dreams we built, all our moments. I want you, your hug, your kiss, your love.”
My heart was beating wildly in my chest. Inevitably, my eyes watered.
“Why did you do that, Caio?”, I asked, my voice choking. He frowned at me. “You left me for her.” I completed, swallowing hard. “Why did you make her official?
Caio was quiet for a long moment, just staring at me, hands still holding me by the arms. Our chests rose and fell at the same rate. We were so close that I could kiss him. If I wanted to kiss him. Which was not the case.
“You know, don't you?”, I asked, a tear dripped from my eyes. Caio watched the tear's path, his eyes curved in a sad expression. Slowly, he nodded. The lump in my throat tightened.
Acceptance. Self-affirmation. A woman like me didn’t offer status nor made others envious. I was not beautiful enough to be shown. I was good enough to take to bed, but not to be his girlfriend. I pulled away, breathing hard, trying to contain the tears.
“Lydia, I...”
“I can't do this”, I said, shaking my head. “I can not do this. I don't ... I got used to not having you anymore, Caio”, I wiped my eyes. “I deserve much more than that. I deserve an entire relationship. All of it. I deserve everything you didn't want to give me.”
“I want to give you all this now, Lydia.” 
I just stared at him. He took a step towards me.
“I want to meet your parents”, he said. “I want to meet your grandparents. I want to introduce you as my girlfriend to my friends, to my parents. I want you back.”
I narrowed my eyes.
“What made you change your mind like that?”
“I really miss you, Lydia”, Caio said, getting closer. Caio's fingers slid gently down my arms to my hands. His brown eyes, so familiar, sought mine, serious. “Don’t you miss me?”

Chapter 43
Samuel: What's this about you wanting a Barbie for your birthday?
Me: is this from the Barbies police?
Samuel: We received a report against you. 
Me: I think I'm not too excited to continue with this game.
Samuel: what happened?
Me: I don't want to talk about it. 
Samuel: if you didn't want to talk to me you wouldn't have answered my message now. 
Samuel: please tell me. 
I read it, but it took me too long to type. 
Samuel: Lydia.
Samuel: Lydia. 
Samuel: LYDIA. 
Samuel: ok, i'll start then. 
Samuel: If I tell you something intimate, will you tell me?
I hesitated, but I answered it nonetheless. 
Me: it depends. 
Samuel: ok.
Samuel: OK. 
Samuel: look, I usually have no problem expressing my thoughts, but everything has its limits. 
Samuel: I really care and I like you, so I think what I'm going to say now will demonstrate that. 
Samuel: do you remember the wedding of your cousins João Vitor and Ana Paula?
Me: yes. 
Samuel: it was the most boring religious wedding on earth. The whole night went blank for me. Except for you. You had chosen a yellow dress, tight and short. Your hair was beautiful. It was a hairstyle I never saw you repeat. You seemed to want to be anywhere else but there, but you tried to greet everyone with a smile. I remember that at one point I was staring at you for so long that Eloisa asked me who I was looking at. I diverted and said that the flower arrangements were fascinating. She looked at me like I said my biggest fetish was Chinese suspenders.
I laughed. If my heart were a horse, he would have arrived in Mexico by now. That wedding had been in November last year. Before he and Flavia even considered going back. Did he really care about me? As if reading my mind, he sent another message.
Samuel: It was the first time I looked at you differently. 
Samuel: no, the second time. 
Me: when was the first?
Samuel: I will not answer until you tell me what happened. 
Me: Caio stopped by today. 
Samuel: WHAT?
Me: yes.
Samuel: why?
Samuel: you told him to leave, right?
I didn't answer immediately.
Samuel: Lydia. 
Me: he said he still loved me and wanted to go back. 
Samuel: WHAT?
Me: Oh, Samuel. 
Me: I think we should stop talking. 
Samuel: what? 
Samuel: why? 
Samuel: for God's sake, don’t say your are with him. 
Me: no, we’re not back. 
Samuel: phew!
Samuel: why?
Samuel: and why should we stop talking?
Me: honestly, I considered going back with him. For a very brief moment, I wondered. He really seemed to be sorry and wanted to do everything right the way he hadn’t the first time. He was my first love so I really considered it. But I didn't go back with him, because as much as I remembered all the smiles, the kisses and the hugs, it hurt much more to remember the lies and the empty promises. I wanted to tell him to fuck off for all the nights that he made me cry, for all the times that he treated me coldly, for all the moments that made me feel inferior, insecure.
I held my breath before sending the next message.
Me: and I also didn't want to go back, because I had already fallen in love with you. 
Me: and that's why I think we better stop talking. 
Me: it's not healthy for me. I fell in love with someone I can't have. I don't want to repeat the experience I had with Caio. I don't want to ruin Eloisa's plan. And I want to move on, study, work, make more friends and meet more people. I want to live thousands of experiences in college. Without me realizing it, my relationship with Caio took that away from me. I became dependent on him at some point. I don't want to be dependent on someone like that anymore.
It took him so long to start typing that I almost thought he had abandoned the conversation. 
Samuel: I'm sorry I can't give you what you deserve now. 
Samuel: an entire relationship, with no hiding places or insecurities.
I stared at the message for what seemed like hours. 
How could I like a person so much? What did I need to do to make my mind forget about him? What box could I use to keep all the good memories he had given me? How could I stop the samba dancer in my stomach, who moved indecently every time I saw him?
I didn't fail to notice that he didn't say he had fellen in love with me too. He probably hadn't.
Why did I have to fall in love with someone who couldn't give me everything I deserved? When would it be my turn? When would it be my turn to live a full relationship? A relationship formed by two committed people, who love and care for each other.
I wanted to be angry with Eloisa, but she also couldn't have the relationship she wanted. Without hiding places and without fear.
Me: I think it ends here then. 
Immediately, I remembered that time in the living room, after the party. After our first time.
“I think it ends here, doesn't it?”, Samuel had asked, quietly.
Slowly, I nodded, trying to memorize every trace of his face. The shape of the lips I had kissed, the cheekbones I had admired, the brown eyes that looked as sad as I was at that moment.
“It ends here”, I had whispered. 
Samuel took too long to start typing. Maybe he was thinking the same thing as me, because he sent:
Samuel: it ends here. 

Chapter 44
The day of my birthday passed without many surprises. Eloisa sent me a five-minute audio congratulating me at midnight that I only saw the next day. When I returned from college, my grandparents had organized a huge meal with all my favorite foods and desserts. They gave me a perfume that I put on my neck before going to Conrado's house in the late afternoon.
Rafa, Tom, Flavia and Samuel sent me generic birthday messages on the group text. I tried not to spend the rest of the day thinking about Samuel's simple message. I wanted it that way. I wanted distance from him. Altogether, we hadn't spoken for almost a week. And every single day I still opened the messaging app on the phone, hoping to get something from him.
Aware that I was not very well because of the situation with Samuel, Conrado tried his best to distract me. Result: we ended up agreeing that we needed to go out more and occupy ourselves more. So it was agreed that we would go out every weekend for the next two months and go to all courses and lectures until the end of the semester. Not only for me, but for him too.
We were both hurt; we both needed to focus on college and get more out of single life. Above all, we needed to rebuild ourselves. Perhaps it was not the right decision, but we agreed that we would do it together.
When I came home at dusk I made a video call to my parents. And that's how I celebrated my twenties.
“Excuse me, professor”, Caio said, after opening the classroom door. I felt Conrado move behind me. “We came here to talk about the student counsel election.”
My ex boyfriend opened the door, showing two other guys behind him.
The teacher exchanged a few cordial words with the boys before giving space in front of the board for them to make their statement. Caio's gaze went through all the students until he found mine. I fixed my gaze on the floor. My ex was the first one to start giving instructions on the election about the new party.
Caio was a senior and a member of the student board, so it was not very difficult to meet him in the halls or see him in between classes. He knew and talked to everyone and was involved in many college activities. However, since our last conversation, meeting him had occurred much more frequently. Whenever I crossed his path, he made a point to look at me. As if he wanted to remind me of his existence.
The boys finished speaking and gave the floor to the teacher. Caio tried to exchange other looks with me, but I didn't give in. When he finally left, I heard Conrado huff behind me. I smiled to myself, I really had made a friend. A good friend.
The class ended, the break came and the only big twist of the day is that I learned that hospital in the city had opened vacancies for internships. Conrado and I agreed to start really studing and run for the job together. It had more than six job openings, so there was a possibility that we could get in together, we wanted to focus on it. If not, we would be happy for the other and nominate who hadn’t gotten in the first time. After we made the deal, the break ended and another teacher came in, closing the door. The noise in the room immediately ceased with his entrance.
The professor was that kind of inconvenient old man. After the tenth sexist joke, I was staring at my pencil, seriously considering putting it deep into my cornea when someone knocked on the door. The door was open and one of the staff asked the professor if he could interrupt. The teacher smiled and asked the employee to come in. The staff member did so, coming in with a bouquet of flowers in his hands.
The girls gasped in surprise and the boys seemed to wake up. 
“And aren't things are about to get interesting?”, Conrado said, behind me.
“Against all expectations”, I whispered back. 
The employee's suspense did not last long. With a small smile on his face, he took the bouquet card and read the name of the recipient.
“Lydia Furtado”, he said, loud and clear. 
“Against all expectations”, Conrado said, but I didn't look at him. 
What?
WHAT?
Someone had to indicate my chair because I was apparently unable to move. The clerk placed the bouquet on my table and a mess was installed in the room. I cringed, embarrassed. Some people tried to talk to me, play with the situation or praise the sender to me, but I didn't pay attention.
Not Caio... He wouldn't... Right?
I probably looked at the flowers as if they were about to explode into a million pieces because Conrado leaned over the edge of the chair to reach me.
“Whose is it from?”, he asked, frowning.
Apparently the teacher was not so clueless, because he seemed to realize that I was embarrassed and tried to draw the attention back to his class. The employee left, Conrado leaned back in his chair and the students gradually turned their attention away from me to the teacher.
I tried to alternate my gaze from the roses to the lesson. I was probably still as red as they were. Not that I was complaining, but I never imagined that something like this would ever happen to me. I was not the type who demanded or wanted great romantic demonstrations, I always liked to appreciated with little actions of everyday life, so I never even wanted something like that. After what seemed like forever, I took the card out of the arrangement.
I came to return your book.
I'm waiting for you in the parking lot.
Oh, and happy late birthday.
Samuel.
God.
I discreetly handed the card to Conrado, without looking back. 
“Ownt”, I heard him whisper. 
As simple as that, my hands started to sweat. At the sound of the maddening beats of my heart, the samba dancer in my stomach had returned with everything.
Samuel was here. 
He came to see me.... Right? 
If there was any chance that I could pay attention to the rest of the class, that’s when it was over.
***
“Are you coming?” Conrado asked, with the backpack over his shoulders.
The bell had already rang and the students left in such a hurry that there were only a few people left in the room. 
“Don’t you want to see him?”, my friend asked, arching his eyebrows.
I looked away from the wonderful arrangement of roses on my table and looked at him. I was fucking scared, but I wasn't crazy.
“I want to”, I said quietly. “I really want to”, I was so sure it hurt.
Conrado smiled and held out his hand to me. 
“Then come on.”
I nodded, accepted the hand and stood up. When I finished collecting my belongings and putting them in my backpack, we were the only ones still there, and left the room. I took the bouquet and walked side by side with Conrado towards the exit.
“He has good taste”, Conrado said, referring to the flowers.
I linked my arm to his. 
“How about if you keep them for me at your house?”, I suggested.
“Seriously?”
“My grandparents are going to ask questions.”
Conrado rolled his eyes, but nodded. I untied our arms and handed him the bouquet.
When we arrived at the exit most of the students already seemed to be gone. College: once you get in, all you can think about when you are getting out. I tiptoed around trying to find Samuel or his car in the sea of people and parked cars.
“Send him a message”, Conrado said, helping me look for him. I had already shown him enough pictures of Samuel for my friend to know what he looked like.
Then, across the parking lot, a tall boy in sunglasses waved at me. 
“I don't think I will need it”, I said.
My friend followed my gaze to find Samuel. Wearing jeans and a T-shirt, my sister's fake boyfriend gave me a smile that gave shivers from head to toe. I held my breath.
“I look ok, right?”, I asked, turning to Conrado.
I had pinned my hair up in a high bun that morning, but I hadn't thought twice about my choice of jeans and t-shirt that I was wearing. My friend laughed and nodded.
“The bus arrives in ten minutes, do you want me to go with you?”
“Can you wait here?”, he made a face. “Just a for little bit.”
Conrado rolled his eyes and, reluctantly, nodded. I exhaled in relief before I started walking towards Samuel. The first thing I noticed was that he had cut his hair. Samuel took his sunglasses off his face when I faced him, his lips curved in a beautiful smile.
“Conrado?”, he asked, pointing at him behind me. I nodded, taking one last look at my friend before looking back at him. The question probably danced on my face, as he stepped forward: “Your sister told me about him.”
He narrowed his eyes at me. 
“Why does he have your flowers?”
My God, how handsome he was. I shook my head when I realized I was digressing.
“My grandparents can ask questions. And as for the flowers...”
“I know”, Samuel said, interrupting me. “I'll be very honest with you, I usually don't like that kind of thing; rings, dinners, flowers... Today I think it’s all a bit cheesy, but...” 
He shook his head and exhaled, abandoning his reasoning. Crossing his arms over his chest, his eyes locked on to mine, slowly, his lips twitched in a smile. 
“Has anyone ever told you that I become an inconsequential idiot when I fall in love?”

Chapter 45
All my words died in my throat.
“I like this city”, Samuel said, uncrossing his arms and letting his eyes wander. “It’s hot, organized... and, best of all, very far from mine”, he looked at me again, the corner of his lips slightly lifted upwards. It seemed too good to be true. With a step towards me, Samuel attached the frame of the sunglasses to the collar of his shirt. “According to your sister, no cousin, aunt or uncle of yours lives here. Check?”
I nodded. He took another step.
“So, according to your sister, that means that our only concern would be your grandparents, your neighbors and your grandparents' friends. Which should not be more than twelve people over sixty who do not like to leave the house, right?”
I nodded again. His smile grew.
“And this city has a little more than two hundred and fifty thousand inhabitants, right?”, he gestured to the surroundings.
I smiled. And I nodded again.
“Looks like the odds are in our favor”, he said, letting the smile on his face dissipate, moving closer until our sneakers touched. My knees threatened to fail with our bodies distance. “I missed you, Lydia.”
Why did my heart always seem to stop beating for a second when he looked at me like that? 
“Did you miss me?”
The last guy who asked me that didn't like me enough to hold my hand in public. Samuel had just crossed the state to find me.
“Yes”, I said. Samuel's lips twitched upward again. “A lot.”
“If that's the case”, he said, gently pulling the glasses over my face, hanging them on the collar of his shirt, next to his. “Excuse me.”
He held my face in his hands, leaned over and kissed me. Unlike the last kiss we exchanged in a decaying toilet at the bus station, this one was delicate, graceful and tender. His hands slid down and he wrapped his arms around my waist, pulling me close. I hugged him by the shoulders, my lips delighting in the taste of his.
For what he was concerned, we would have continued like that for a while longer. However, with great difficulty, I walked away, somewhat disoriented. There would be time for that later.
Holding Samuel's hand, I turned to Conrado, who was holding my bouquet with a smirk on his face. Pulling Samuel by the hand, I approached.
“Apparently the bar later is not going to happen”, Conrado said, alternating his gaze from me to Samuel. 
“Bar?”, Samuel asked, narrowing his eyes.
“Conrado, Samuel. Samuel, Conrado”, I said at the same time.
“You are more handsome in person than in the fotos”, Conrado said.
“Thank you?”
“I have to go get the bus. How is it going to be? Are you coming with me, Lydia?”
I looked at Samuel. 
“No, she is coming with me”, he said. “Where do you live? Do you wanna a ride?”
Conrado seemed about to say no, but I spoke first.
“He lives close to my house.”
Samuel smiled at me. I wanted to feel bad about practically forcing Conrado to go with us, mainly because I wasn't going to drive, much less pay for gas. But Samuel just seemed to find my boldness funny.
“You really don't have to”, Conrado said. 
“Come on, it won't be anything close to what I've done today”, Samuel said, pulling me back towards the car and gesturing for Conrado to come too.
Conrado seemed to hesitate for a moment, but followed us. 
Samuel and I got into the car, smiling from ear to ear. Conrado sat in the backseat, leaving my bouquet beside him. He fastened his seat belt, watching the two of us as if he had just gotten into the car with the Joker and the Harley Quinn.
“Okay. Now I'm going to need one of you to guide me”, Samuel said, turning around the wheel and getting out of the parking lot. 
“How did you get here?”, I asked.
“Google”, he replied simply. 
“I'm opening the GPS here”, Conrado said, raising his cell phone at eye level.
“Turn over there. Didn't your mother think it was bad for you to take her car and come here?”
“She actually thought it was cute. She doesn't like driving, she won't miss the car.”
“I think now you have to turn over there. After that only Conrado can say. Really? She doesn’t drive? I swore I had already seen her driving.”
“It's loading here. Give me a minute”, Conrado said.
“She hates cars. She finds them too expensive to maintain. She only bought one in the first place, because you can't not have one if you have a child. If you can afford it, of course. After I took out my license she is always “losing” hers”, he made the quotes by lifting two pairs of fingers over the steering wheel.
“Turn right”, Conrado said. “Then go straight until I tell you to turn.”
Samuel obeyed. 
“So, any hotel suggestions for me?”, he asked.
Conrado and I looked at Samuel as if he had just revealed that he was part of a baby impaling cult. 
“What?!”, he exclaimed.
“How come you haven't booked a hotel room before you came?”, I asked.
“Well, this trip was not exactly planned.”
“Turn around the next corner and then go straight until I say so”, Conrado said. Samuel obeyed. My friend went on: “And you know you will end up spending more for not having booked, right?”
“When did you decide to come?”, I asked at the same time.
Samuel stopped at the red light and glanced from me to Conrado.
“I know I'm going to spend more, no problem. I take care of my finances, okay? I considered coming two days ago. I was supposed to be here on your birthday, Lydia. But I didn't know what your reaction would be, so I gave up on the idea. Only I spent the whole day sorry for not coming. Your sister gave me a huge sermon and encouraged me to come here. So, I'm here now.”
My heart warmed with his words. The light opened and Samuel turned his attention back to the traffic.
“Turn right and go straight”, Conrado said. Then he leaned forward. “If you want you can stay at my house, man.” 
Samuel seemed to be interested. 
“But you would have to sleep on a mattress. If you don't mind...”
He shook his head vehemently. 
“Thanks for the offer, but no mattress. If I can afford to pay for a place with privacy, I will”, he glanced at me.
I narrowed my eyes. Privacy for us to have sex, he wanted to say. Conrado gave me a look in the rearview mirror and I realized that he understood the same thing.
“How about I look if there is a room available in a studant home somewere? It's a lot cheaper.”
“That would be nice. I appreciate it”, Samuel said.
“We are almost reaching my house, just turn left. Lydia probably won't want you to stop by her grandmother's house anyway. As soon as you park, I will call some people who might be able to get you a room.”
“Okay. Oh, and what was that about the bar? Were you going out today?”
“We had agreed, but that was before you came”, I said. “How long will you stay?”
“Park over there. My house is at the end of the street”, Conrado said.
Samuel went around the wheel and, with two movements, entered the spot. 
“How about if I go with you?”, he asked, turning the ignition key.
Conrado and I exchanged a look. Samuel pulled on the handbrake and raised his eyebrows at us.
“Only if you two aren’t disgusting”, Conrado said. “I just been through a break up.”
I laughed. Samuel shrugged.
“If it would make you feel better, you can sit between us”, he said. 
“Okay, then”, Conrado said, hand on the car handle. He held the phone up to his face with his free hand. “I'll leave flowers here for a moment and I'll go outside, try to get you a room.”
Samuel nodded. 
“Thank you, man.”
“You're welcome. You two talk.”
With that, he got out of the car, leaving us alone. Samuel turned in his seat to face me. I did the same.
“How come you came to return my book?”, I asked immediately.
With a laugh, Samuel leaned in my seat, his body mere inches away from mine. He opened the glove compartment and leaned away, lifting a book. Angela Davis, Women, Race and Class.
“How did I forget this book?”, I asked, opened mouth.
“I didn't want you to remember. It was my excuse to see you”, he said, returning the it to me.
“Oh. And did you think I would believe you were going to cross the state just to give me a book back?”
He shrugged. 
“It didn't hurt to try. I even finished it.”
I opened my eyes wide. 
“For real?” 
“Really.” 
“What did you think?”
“I asked your sister to get another book from her on your bedroom.”
“Women, culture and politics?”, I asked, narrowing my eyes.
The smile on his face widened. 
“That one.”
“Do you intend to take two more months to finish reading it too?”
Supporting his arm on my bench, he brought his face close to mine. 
“And come back here to return it, yes.”
I leaned over, our noses brushing each other. My eyes fell to the strip of skin visible above the collar of his shirt.
“You still have my glasses on”, I said, my lips lifting in a weak smile, my eyelids weighing close to our bodies.
Samuel swallowed. 
“Remind me to give you back later”, he said softly, getting closer. 
Just when I thought he was going to kiss me, the seat belt locked. Frustrated, Samuel stepped away to unbuckle his belt. I did the same with mine, taking the opportunity to place the book next to my backpack on the floor of the car.
“Every time I look at you my chest hurts”, he said, approaching again. Holding my gaze, he brushed his thumb over my cheek. “I walk on the street admiring the world. Something I stopped doing a long time ago. I think that's what it's like to be in love.”
“Samuel...”
But he interrupted me, sticking his lips to mine. And there I was again, melting in his arms. The hand that was on my cheek came down to my back, pulling me close. I sighed between the movements of his tongue.
“For how long are you going to stay?”, I asked, hugging him by the shoulders, keeping his mouth close to mine.
“I'm leaving on Sunday”, he murmured. 
I blinked. We would only have today and Saturday.
“Really?”
The tightness around my waist intensified, delicately, he bit my bottom lip between his. I groaned.
“I thought we were done”, I said, thrusting my fingers through his hair.
“It's over, Lydia”, his lips left mine.
“So what is this?”
“We're taking a break”, he said, his mouth delicately exploring my neck.
“Taking a break from what?”
“Being done.”
I blinked. Once. Twice. Then I pulled away, just enough to face him.
“What?”
He smiled.
“It going to work like this, in the two days that I am here we will take a break from our break up.”
“Tomorrow?”
“We will date for two days.”
I wanted to move further away, but his arms remained around my waist. My fingers went down to his shoulders.
“Are you kidding me.”
“I'm serious. We date for those two days and then we say goodbye and go back to suffering. What do you think?”
“What do I think? This does not solve anything. It seems like a bad idea.”
“It's a bad idea, but I'm already here. Are you going to send me away after seven hours on the road and more than 300 bucks in gasoline?”
“Three hundred bucks in gasoline?”
“Don’t”, he started, kissing my cheek. “Send”, my other cheek. “Me”, my nose. “Away”, and my lips.
I pulled him by the shirt. 
“I don't think I could even if I wanted to”, I murmured. 
I felt his mouth curl upward against mine. Then he exhaled softly and kissed me again. A noise made me and Samuel turn around.
“Oh, my bad”, Conrado said. He had opened the car door and looked through the crack. Samuel released me and I walked away. “I got you a room, man. With two single beds that can be joined and form a double. It is not a suite, but the bathroom is right outside. Breakfast included. Do you want to go and see?”
“Dude, yes. Now?”
Conrado shrugged. 
“If you want to. It's close to here. You can leave the car here and we can walk.”
“Perfect, come on, Lydia.”
With that he got out of the car, without giving me the chance to answer. I put the book he had returned to me in my backpack and put it over my shoulder. Samuel was already on the sidewalk talking to Conrado when I got out of the car.
“... Five people live there, but only two went back to classes”, Conrado said. “The estimate is that the rest will return at the end of next week. The house will be very empty.”
Samuel nodded. 
“But how about we have lunch first? I'm starving.”
Conrado shrugged. 
“There's a restaurant on the corner. I have lunch there every day. Wanna go there?”
“Is the food there too expensive?”
“No, actually, the price is very good.” 
“Wait”, I got in. “Now are you going to have lunch together?”
Samuel looked at me as if I were a cute little kid stating the obvious.
“You’ll come with us, won’t you?”, he asked.
I shook my head. 
“I cannot have lunch elsewhere without giving advance notice to my grandparents. I mean, I can, but they worry when it's last minute.”
“Oh”, Samuel's smile faded. 
“How about I have lunch with you tomorrow? I will go home now while you solve this situation with the room and later I will find you, how about it?”
“Fine by me. I still need to take a shower and take a nap, the trip was tiring”, he said, a hand on his shoulders, trying to fix his posture. “I send you a message with the address then?”
I nodded. Samuel turned back to Conrado. 
“Then, at night I will come and get you.”
It was Conrado's turn to nod. 
“I'll get the flowers from the car and keep them at home, before we go to lunch”, he said and walked away from us.
Samuel came over, took my glasses off the collar of his shirt and held them out to me. I accepted them.
“It will probably be the shortest relationship in history”, I said, putting the frame over my face.
He smiled.
“So you accept?”
I shrugged, the corner of my lips insisting on bending up.
“You're already here.”
Samuel rolled his eyes tightly. Still smiling, he wrapped his arms around my waist, pulling me closer.
“Yes, Samuel, I accept your incredibly romantic dating request”, he tuned his voice in what apparently was a bad imitation of mine. “Oh, Samuel, you are the most amazing man in the world to me!”
I laughed. 
“And the most arrogant.”
“Confident”, he corrected. 
“Ownt”, Conrado said, holding the bouquet of roses against his chest. “You guys are disgusting.”
“Guess who just asked me to date?”, Samuel said.
“Samuel!”
“You are a modern woman, Lydia, be proud of it.” 
“My stomach is growling with hunger”, Conrado said. “Will you be long?”
I broke free from Samuel. 
“I'm already late, my grandparents will ask. See you later. Try not to steal my best friend.”
It was probably too early to call Conrado a best friend, since our bond had only deepened a little over three weeks ago. But I was the girl who had fallen in love with a boy in less than a month.
“I'll try not to trade you for him”, Samuel said, approaching Conrado.
I shrugged my shoulders.
“Would be your loss”, I said, before I turned and started walking home to the sound of Conrado's loud laughter. 

Chapter 46
The smile on my face was so big that for a moment I worried I wouldn’t be able to contain it in front of my grandparents. Fortunately, we had visitors. A friend from my grandmother's church was already there when I arrived. Grandma was too intent on keeping up with appearances to notice my sudden good mood and my grandfather disappeared into the room as soon as we finished lunch.
After that, I washed the dishes, cleaned the kitchen and went to fix my room. When I finally finished, Samuel had already sent me the address of the place where he was staying. I ran into the shower. He was leaving on Sunday and I didn't want to waste any time. However, I was only able to leave the house after making sure I had done the best I could with my hair, makeup and clothes. Which took a long time.
As soon as I closed the gate my phone vibrated in my hand.
Conrado: your boyfriend is very excited.
Conrado: he didn't stop talking for even a second. 
Conrado: I feel like I was on that vacation with you.
I laughed. 
Me: did you like him?
Conrado: he's cool.
Conrado: completely different from you, but cool. 
Conrado: it counts several points he crossed the state to see you, right?
Conrado: a little emotional, isn't he? 
Me: (laughing emoji).
Me: if he is emotional what am I.
Conrado: thankfully. Imagine traveling for more than six hours for someone only to find out that that person isn't even that into you.
Me: I shivered just thinking about it. 
Although his place is located in a neighborhood close to mine, I had to open a GPS application to avoid missing the path. I narrowed my eyes at the phone, regretting leaving my glasses at home. When I finally found it, my phone vibrated again with another notification.
Eloisa: DID YOU ACCEPT HIS DATING REQUEST?
Eloisa: the flowers were my suggestion, boys can’t think for themselves. 
I laughed. 
Me: just for two days. 
Me: can we appear in the Guinness book for the fastest relationship of the year?
Eloisa: then it wouldn't be a secret relationship anymore, would it?
Eloisa: what now? Are you with him?
Me: Conrado got him a place to stay. I'm going there now. I'm almost there.
Eloisa: Samuel told me about it. He ended the conversation with me a few minutes ago by telling me that he is going to sleep.
Me: I can't believe he really intends to sleep with me in the bedroom!
Eloisa: (laughing emoji).
Eloisa: stay strong, sis. 
Me: I arrived. See you later!
I didn't keep the conversation open to find out what Eloisa's response was. I pressed the intercom and a male voice boomed through the machine, asking for my name. I answered and justified why I was there. The door was opened as soon as I mentioned Samuel's name.
I didn't have to press the doorbell, immediately a white girl with brown hair opened the door. She studied me from head to toe, looking bored.
“Second floor, first door on the right”, she said, giving me a pass. 
I passed her and a guy with dreadlocks in the kitchen who waved and smiled at me. I waved back with an embarrassed smile and followed the girl's instructions. The corridor was dark when I arrived, even though it was still daylight. I knocked on the first door on the right, hoping it was the right one.
First, I heard the sound of a loud growl, then footsteps. The door opened and Samuel appeared in the doorway. Shirtless, with unkempt hair and tired eyes. He just took my hand and pulled me into the room, closing the door.
Only a crack of light between the curtains illuminated the room. Two single beds had been joined to form a double. There was a bedside table, an empty desk, a chair in front and a simple wooden cupboard.
Samuel had started to organize the few items of clothing he had brought in the closet. The furniture doors were wide open with some clothes lined up on the shelves. On the floor, a small suitcase was open.
Quietly, seeming a little sleepy, Samuel went to his knees on the bed, pulling me by the wrist to join him. 
“Are you going to sleep?!”
He sighed, released my wrist and threw himself face down on the mattress, snuggling between the sheets and pillows. 
“Yeah. Come here”, he said, extending an arm towards me.
“I can't lie down like that, you're gonna wrinkle the dress.” 
It was that outfit I was going to wear to the bar later, after all.
“Take it off”, Samuel murmured, eyes closed. 
My eyes strayed to the closet for the briefest moment. 
“Okay”, I said, before placing my cell phone on the nightstand and walking over to the furniture. 
Samuel did not move a muscle. I turned my back on him and pulled the dress over my head. Making a lot of noise. Then I took one of the several empty hangers over the closet and hung the piece on one of them.
Without hurrying, I chose one of Samuel's shirts and crossed it over my head. Without lifting an inch from my shirt, I released my bra and pulled it off by one of the sleeves. After hanging the piece next to the dress, I turned around. Samuel's eyes strayed from my ass to my face, he watched me with the outline of a smile curved on his lips.
“A thong?”
I smirked. 
“I came prepared”, I said, pinning my hair up in a high bun so I wouldn't crumple it up against the bed. 
With a rough, low chuckle, he reached out to me again. 
“If I wasn't so tired, I would respond to your provocation.”
I felt for him instantly. He had probably tried hard not to let his exhaustion show when he met me in my University. I came closer. Samuel gave me space and I laid down beside him. His arm wrapped around my waist, pulling me close. He sighed, closing his eyes.
“Give me an hour”, he murmured, resting his lips gently against the fabric of the shirt on my shoulder. 
I exhaled softly, lightly stroking his hair with my fingers. 
“What time did you wake up today?”
“About four”, he murmured.
My eyebrows shot up and my heart warmed. I was too in love with that boy.
“Wow, I missed you”, Samuel said, getting closer. His eyes opened and the hand on my waist went up to my breasts. “And them too.”
I laughed out loud. Satisfied, his arm went around my waist again and he closed his eyes, snuggling on the pillow. I took my cell phone from the nightstand and set an alarm for an hour before the time I had scheduled with Conrado. It was still more than four hours. Samuel would probably wake up before the alarm.
So I put the phone back in place and watched Samuel. I saw his back rise and fall slowly with his deep breath. I didn't know when, but at some point, everything went dark.
***
I woke up to the loud alarm of my cell phone. I felt an arm loosen up around my waist, giving me space. I leaned on my elbows and picked up my phone on the nightstand, turned off the alarm and the noise stopped. When I turned back to Samuel, he was stretching, still lying down. I laid on my side to face him.
“We need to get ready to meet Conrado”, I said. 
“How much time do we have?”, he asked, yawning.
“One hour.” 
Samuel imitated me and laid on his side, facing me. 
“What bar is it, anyway?”
“A lot of people from university go there.”
“And you...”, he hesitated. “Do you really want me to go?”
I blinked. 
“Sure, why wouldn't I want to?”
“Before I came here...”, he approached, tracing the muscles of my arm with his fingers, making me shiver completely. “Your intention was not just to go to the bar to drink, right?”
I approached. 
“Does it bothers you?”
“A little bit”, he said, raising his index finger to my collarbone, as if drawing on my skin. “But I already stopped believing that jealousy is a sign of love and affection for a long time. It is possession. Pure and simple possession. Nothing more than that. And I have no power over you. And I don't even want to have it.”
“I wouldn't be interested otherwise.”
He laughed softly, his fingers delicately tracing my face. I was loving what he was doing, I didn't want it to stop.
“Does that mean you don't want to know if I was with someone else after you?”, I asked.
“Are you in love with me now?”, he asked, sliding his fingers on the curve of my breasts over the shirt. I got closer.
“Yes.” 
“So no, I don't want to know. You were single until this morning.”
I held my breath when his forefinger traced a circle around my swollen nipple under the shirt. I approached until we were mere inches apart.
“And I'll be single again on Sunday. Doesn't that bother you?”
“Yes”, he looked up at me, taking his fingers off my breast and sliding them onto my hips, wrapping them in my panties. “But it's selfish. I will not be here. And I want you to have all the experiences you said you wanted to have.”
“I want to have all these experiences too, but I also don't want you to disappear from my life”, I traced the muscles of his chest with my fingers. 
“I will not”, his hand delightfully slipped under my shirt, moving up to my back, bringing us closer. “If you don't disappear from mine.”
“Just don't cross the state for someone else”, I murmured, my lips brushing his. 
Samuel's lips lifted upward against mine.
“Only if I find someone like you”, he whispered, before kissing me.
His hands went down to my ass, glueing our bodies. I groaned when he bit my bottom lip and I felt him hard under his shorts.
“I dreamed of these panties”, he said, with a grunt, twisting my panties between his fingers.
“Really?”, I asked, grabbing him by the hair, hugging him around the waist with just one leg.  “And what did you do with them?”
“I took them off”, he squeezed my ass with one hand and pulled my hips against his. I lost my breath.
“We have to get ready”, I murmured between the movements of his lips under mine.
Samuel peeled off our mouths and turned us over, placing himself on top of me, his hips between my legs. 
“I told him at lunch that we were probably going to be late”, he said, his lips going down to explore my skin, paying special attention to the inside of my thighs. 
Then his lips came up, teasing me over my panties... I groaned... my back arched. His hands rushed over the hem of my shirt, wanting to take it off.
“Fine by me”, I murmured, not remembering in any way what I had just agreed to. 
Impatient, I tried to pull the shirt over my head. Samuel stood up to help me take off my shirt. The T-shirt ended up somewhere on the bedroom floor and he smiled, his eyes fixed on my bare breasts.
“I definitely missed them.”
Then he leaned over and proved to me how serious he was. 

Chapter 47
It looked like my name had been changed to “my girlfriend”. After we left the room, that was how Samuel referred to me. Clearly, it was his way of showing that he didn't want to do with me what my first boyfriend had done. I appreciated the gesture, mainly because he didn't even have that many people to introduce me, since it was his first time in town. But that did not stop him.
“This is my girlfriend”, he said, introducing me to the brown-haired girl and the dreadlocks guy who lived in the student residence he was staying. Maybe Samuel and I hadn't been quiet enough in the room, because they both didn't seem to have the courage to look us straight in the eye, and they smiled looking embarrassed all the time.
When we got to Conrado’s building, we needed to go up and wait for him to finish getting ready. We started talking to the other residents of the house to pass the time while we waited for him. “My girlfriend this”, “my girlfriend that” were the forms that Samuel used whenever he needed to refer to me.
He only calmed down after we got to the bar. Conrado and I recognized a group of college classmates at one of the tables and they invited us to join them. Samuel, fingers linked with mine, he stood still, waiting to see how he would be introduced. I called him "my boyfriend for the weekend". He seemed satisfied with the title as he sat next to me. Some people in the group laughed and some looked at us with raised eyebrows.
So I gave the short version, we had been involved in the holidays, but we would not be able to keep dating because of the distance. Two girls in the group were from my class and they automatically understood that he had send the flowers. I added that detail to the story and some of the girls at the table smiled while the others raised their eyebrows. Some guys looked at Samuel like he was crazy and others looked like they understood.
Samuel quickly got along with both the girls and the boys. We tried not to do anything more than hold hands, both to keep from annoying Conrado and not to be those annoying couples who never stay apart and kiss each other all the time. We had agreed in the car on the way to my friend's house that it was fucking annoying. I think we did well in that regard, because Samuel was so entertained talking to one group at the table and I got along so well talking to another that we barely held hands.
I had already lost count of the beers I had when Conrado elbowed me at some point during the night. A friend of Caio, who had never treated me well, by the way, got up from one of the chairs on the other side of the room. He passed our table, frowning at me, just as Samuel's arm rested on my shoulders. I just took another sip of my beer. Caio had never made us official, but that did not mean that his friends did not suspect our involvement, or did not know. But I didn't want to think about it anymore. Whether or not my ex-boyfriend found out about Samuel, was not going to change the fact that I was going to be single again on Sunday.
After that, I got distracted, laughed and smiled the rest of the night. The drink was delicious, the food was expensive, but also good and I couldn't be in better company. Samuel was on my side, my new best friend too, and I had just met a group of very interesting girls. I already had an orgasm. Everything was perfect.
We were about to leave when Conrado pushed the phone at us. Someone had taken a picture of Samuel when he was distracted and sent it to a page formed by the college students, with the line: “I'm so tired. I wanted to sit somewhere, can it be you?”. I laughed so loudly that Samuel held me to keep me from falling out of my chair. When I recovered, I sent Conrado to comment in the photo that the seat was already taken. My friend laughed so hard he almost choked.
I was still laughing when we got in the car ten minutes later and after Conrado got the phone number from a boy at the bar. Samuel was the only one sober, so he had to put up with our drunk jokes. When Samuel finally parked, laughing softly at our antics, Conrado thanked him for the ride before almost stumbling out of the car, waving like a madman as he walked away.
With the corner of his lips still up, Samuel glanced at me before turning the key in the ignition. I rested my elbow on the car door and looked at him. I watched his eyes, attentive to the dark and empty street, the blue T-shirt hugging his body, the movements of his hands in gear and steering wheel... Hmm...
“I can't concentrate when you look at me like that”, he said, glancing at me. 
“I'm not listening very well, speak closer to my mouth”, I said, licking my lips and smirking. 
Samuel's smile grew. Then he made a turn and parked the car.
“Excuse me?” He asked, turning to me.
“Tell me your address so I can tell Santa Claus where he has to go to get my present”, I said, with a wink. 
He just kept looking at me. A sudden heat wave spread through my body. I got closer.
“I wanted to sit somewhere, could it be you?”, I said softly, my face inches away from his.
“Here or in the room?”, his gaze was fixed on my mouth.
I wanted him so much I couldn’t wait. Also, I had never done it in a car.
“Here”, I whispered.
Then he pulled the parking brake.

Chapter 48
“My God! You had a huge head!”, I said, gasping.
“No, I didn’t. Give me that”, Samuel tried to take the cell phone out of my hands. 
I walked away, but I didn't get very far. It was already Saturday afternoon and we were wrapped in the sheets on double bed in his room. Samuel's arms were around my waist, leaning my back against his chest. I was the only one dressed, but I wore only his shirt. And nothing else beneath it.
“Rafa was very skinny”, I said, zooming in on the photo. “Today they have a wonderful ass, what do they do?”
“Gym?”, he narrowed his eyes at me.
I sighed, going back to the photos on his cell phone.
“One day it will be me.”
He smiled. 
“I like your ass.” 
“If you told me otherwise I would have asked what you are doing here.” 
He laughed, before he started pushing me forward. Again.
“Why do you want to get me out of this bed so much?!”, I exclaimed.
“I'm starving.”
“I'm here, what else do you want to eat?”
He laughed out loud. 
“I need diversification, variety, other types of food.”
I narrowed my eyes. 
“This looks like the beginning of a talk about opening up the relationship.”
Another laugh. Then he tried to leave again and I left his cell phone on the nightstand and turned around.
“Let's order some food”, I suggested.
“Are you a vampire? What do you have against sunlight? Are you ashamed of me? Is that it?”
“Of course not! I just don't want to leave. You are leaving tomorrow and God knows when I will see you again!”
“There is a wonderful Brazilian invention called a holiday. You should go home to your parents in one of them.”
I raised my eyebrows. 
“Now a holiday is a Brazilian invention?”
“You annihilated my neurons one by one in these last few hours, I am no longer responsible for what I say.”
I laughed out loud. His eyes looked at me tenderly, his fingers delicately traced my upper back over the fabric of the shirt he had lent me. He snarled.
“Give me the phone”, he asked, extending his free hand.
I took the device back and handed it over. In less than five minutes, our orders were placed and in ten, according to one of the employees, they would be on their way.
“I have something to tell you”, he said, lying down completely on the bed and returning the cell phone to me.
I put the device back where I had picked it up and propped myself up on the bed by my elbows.
“Did you cheat on me in these last two days of dating?”, I asked, narrowing my eyes.
He raised his eyebrows. 
“With who? After today, after you, I won’t even have my genitals anymore”, he narrowed his eyes. “What happened to you to abuse me like that?”
I laughed out loud. 
“After you leave I will hardly have any casual sex.”
He narrowed his eyes. 
“Why?”
“Ever heard of a statistic that proved that women are less likely to reach orgasm with casual sex?”
He made a face. 
“Honestly, yes. Flavia says she only does it with girls.”
“Yeah, since I'm not bi, I can't avoid it.”
He laughed. I traced the lines on his collarbone with my fingers.
“What did you want to tell me?”
“Oh, yeah. Heitor filed for adoption. I call him dad now”, Samuel said, smiling.
I couldn't contain mine. 
“Oh really?!”
He nodded. 
“I'll have to change my name and everything.”
“What's your full name?”
“Samuel Pereira Sales. When my father's paternity is recognized, I will change my documents to Samuel Pacheco Sales.”
“Has he changed his mind? About being your father?”
Samuel nodded slowly.
“Kind of. As I told you, he always had this thing with his freedom. Remember when I told you the first time I called him that? When I was a kid?”, I nodded, lying on my side, leaning my head on the same pillow as him. “A few weeks ago, he explained to me what had happened. That day, it dawned on him. He had accidentally become a father. But he never wanted it, you know? And I understand that, really. I couldn’t imagine having a child today. I don't want that anytime soon. Then he hesitated. That month he left, he didn't know what to do, because, on the one hand, he loved me, on the other, he was under no obligation and had not chosen to be a father. When he returned after that month, he had finally made up his mind. He would be my father, he would act like one. Only I never called him dad again, because of the rejection.”
“I'm glad you guys figured it out”, I said, standing up again, propping my elbow on the bed and girding his waist with my free arm.
“Me too. What about your grandparents? I did not fail to notice that they give you much more freedom than your parents.”
I had been out with Samuel until one in the morning. When I returned home, my grandparents were sitting on the couch, watching TV. They just smiled and asked me how my night had been. I returned the smiles and did just what they wanted me to do, said it was fun and tried to demonstrate with my movements that I wasn't drunk. After that, I went to bed and met Samuel only a little after noon, giving the excuse that I had promised to have lunch with a friend.
“They literally sleep every four hours because of the drugs they take”, I said. “I don’t go out in secret, I usually warn that I will go out when they are sleepy and always try to return when they are awake. I try to show that I'm a good girl helping with what they need and then they don't suspect me very much.”
“You don't even do anything really, just drink and have sex”, Samuel's lips curved in a malicious smile.
“Me and literally everyone my age”, I laughed. “If I ever have children I want to be like your parents.”
A lock of hair fell over my face and Samuel pushed it away with his fingers. 
“I was lucky. But is not all roses. I didn't always get along with my parents.”
“Why? Besides their on and off relationship.”
He shrugged. 
“Adolescence, hormones and etc. When I went to live with my mother I was still very young and I had some fears because of my biological parents.”
I narrowed my eyes. 
“I thought you didn't remember your parents.” 
“How do I explain it? It is as if my memories are as confused and uncertain as a dream. I don't really remember, some I don't even know if they were real.”
“Dreams or nightmares?”
“That's not the point.” 
“What is the point?”
“Rejection, it was something I had to learn to deal with. Be alone too. I was in therapy for many years and it helped a lot, I recommend.”
“Are you afraid of these things today?”
“Being alone is still difficult for me. But ... I don't know. Never be with someone ever again, or not getting married... is no longer a fear. I just ... I really don't like the idea of not having anyone. Even if it's a friend. I don't like sleeping alone, for example.”
“Oh really? How did you manage tonight?”
“I said I don't like it, not that I can't. It takes longer to fall asleep, but eventually I do.”
“How?”
“I go to the gym at night and get burned out there. When I get home I'm too tired to do anything so I just lean over and pass out. On the days I don't go to the gym, or I feel lonely and too anxious, I’ll sleep at Flavia's, or I’ll ask Rafa to come sleep at my house.”
I raised my eyebrows. 
“Do you sleep with your ex?”
He narrowed his eyes at me. 
“I sometimes sleep at my best friend's house, you mean.”
“Do you share the same bed?”
“Yes, but we don't touch each other. Why are you looking at me with that face?”
I laid my head back on the pillow. Samuel lay on his side to face me.
“You once told me that you haven't had sex in four years.”
“And it's true.” 
“How?”
“Well, sex needs the consent of both parties, right?”
I rolled my eyes. He laughed.
“When we became friends again, a year after we broke up, we agreed that we would not cross that line unless we really wanted to go back.”
“That simple?”
“That simple.” 
Someone tapped the bedroom door and we sat down abruptly. 
“Dude, are you there?”, A male voice said. Samuel had already left the sheets and got out of bed, completely naked. “There's a food delivery guy down there.”
“I'll be right down! Thanks dude!”, he said, fighting the zipper of his pants.
“Okay!” 
I hurriedly got out of bed, grabbed my shorts from the floor and started to get dressed. I buttoned up my shorts and opened the first drawer of the nightstand, looking for Samuel's wallet.
Samuel passed a T-shirt over his head as he hurried toward the door. I stood up, wallet in hand. He turned the doorknob, his eyes darted over my body, as if to check that I was dressed. I threw Samuel a wallet and he got it. With a grateful smile, he turned, taking my wallet from the desk and left the room.
He came back minutes later, our hamburgers wrapped in a single bag. 
“How much was it?”, I asked, opening the curtains.
“Twenty-five each”, he said, narrowing his eyes at the light and locking the door. 
“For the price, it better be delicious”, I said, taking my glasses from the nightstand and putting them over my face. 
“I agree”, he said, leaving our wallets on the desk with the bag. Then his eyes widened. “Oh, I’ll get you a chair!”
“No need, I’ll sit here”, I said, jumping on the desk and opening the snack bag. 
He just sat on the chair, enjoying my hastiness. I groaned loudly when the taste of the burger touched my tongue. Samuel did the same after me. In silence, we ate our sandwiches.
“It was worth every penny, what about yours?”, I asked, throwing the napkin back into the bag.
“Just perfect”, with one last bite, he finished his snack. “Thankfully, because I chose the first burger place in the app.”
“What time are you leaving tomorrow?”
“I thought I'd go during lunch time”, he said, throwing the hamburger wrap into the bag and opening a soda. “I would probably arrive at night.”
“Isn't the road too dangerous at night?”
“You can't get out of church tomorrow, right?”
“I can try to convince them to go at night.”
“And you think you can have lunch with me?”
I shook my head. He put the soda back on the desk, reached out and linked his fingers to mine.
“It's awful to say goodbye to you again”, I said, shaking our hands. 
“We still have tonight.”
“You need to rest for the trip.”
“I’ll take an energy drink.”
I laughed. The corner of his lips lifted, satisfied.
“Only one?”, I asked.
“Several”, he replied. 
I stared at him for a moment. Fortunately, Samuel had taken several pictures with me the night before and early in the afternoon, because I would definitely want to remember that face.
“Don't do that”, he asked. 
“What?”
“Act as if I’m already leaving. It's not even dark yet.”
“I just...”
He shook his head slightly, released my fingers and held out both arms to me. 
“Come here”, he asked. 
I jumped back onto the floor and sat on his lap. His arms wrapped around my waist and I hugged him by the shoulders, my fingers tenderly stroking his hair. I felt like I could stay in that position for hours, breathing the same air as him, enjoying his features while he enjoyed mine.
“When Eloisa and I started pretending to be dating...”, he started. “She warned me about you. She said that you were not very close mainly because of religion, that you belived with the same conviction as your parents. So I kind of already had an opinion about you”, Samuel shrugged. “I thought you were like them.”
I nodded. 
“For a long time I was.” 
“Do you remember the meeting your family held in October?”
I nodded again. The Children's day week had been the week I met Samuel. I hadn't come home in September, but I came back in October. A part of my family had come to visit my parents that week, too. So the house was full. At night, mattresses were everywhere. At the time, I was already talking to Caio and I only had eyes for him, so I barely paid attention to my sister's new boyfriend.
“There was a time when I went into the TV room looking for your sister”, Samuel continued. “You were there, watching television with your cousin Larissa. You had your back to me, so you didn't see me. I was about to turn around and go look for Eloisa somewhere else when I heard her little cousin ask “Lili, why don't women have a pee-pee?”, I stopped right away to hear your answer. I expected you to say some nonsense like “because God wanted it”, but that is not what you did. You said that being a woman is much more than that. And then I saw you explain in the simplest and most careful way possible that it was not the lack of “pee-pee” that made someone a woman, much less the presence.”
“I read Simone de Beauvoir.” 
“I heard about her in a documentary”, he replied, with a smile. “I thought about Rafa right away, you know? I grew up with them. My parents and I watched them trying to understand themselves for years and...”, his smile faded. He shook his head. “I'm still kind of sensitive about that time. Anyway, it was not easy. When I saw you explained to your little cousin something that, in theory, is so complicated in such a simple way... It surprised me. Mainly because I didn't think you would be able to understand that kind of thing.”
Holding Samuel's gaze, I slid a thumb over his cheek.
“It was the first time you looked at me differently”, I said, more like a statement and less like a question. 
Slowly, he nodded. 
“I wish I hadn't been so blind by my ex to notice you”, I said, quietly.
The corner of Samuel's lips lifted upward. 
“I like who you are today”, he said. 
I understood the words not spoken out loud. I wouldn't be who I am today without yesterday. Slowly, his hand left my waist to slide down my thigh. I let my hands fall back to his shoulders and Samuel stuck his nose into my neck, his lips brushing delicately against my skin.
“We still have the rest of the day, what do you want to do?”, I asked, my lips twitching in a provocative smile. “Watch a series?”, he lifted his head and narrowed his eyes at me. “Go for ice cream?”
“We just ate.” 
“Ice cream is dessert.” 
“How about we go to bed real quick?”
“But you were complaining until now that I didn't want to leave!”
“I was making an observation. Nobody was complaining.”
“And all that talk about me abusing you?” 
“That was just talk”, he leaned down to kiss my neck. 
I laughed, at the same time that I shuddered when he reached a tender spot. 
“Are you sure? Because I don't want to force you to do anything.”
He moved his hips under me, proving that I wasn't forcing him to do anything. I laughed again.
“It would be the fifth time today.” 
This made him raise his head, arching his eyebrows. 
“Fifth time?”
I nodded. Then he put an arm under my knees and got up from the chair, lifting me up. I laughed out loud. I was still laughing when he laid me on the bed.
“So we're going back to bed for the fifth time today, so what?”, he opened a bedside table drawer and took out a condom. “I can imagine a dozen worse ways to pass the time. Can’t you?’
I took the glasses off my face and handed them to him. He closed the drawer, smiled at me, took my glasses and placed them on the top of the table. We had reached the best part, when each other's movements were already familiar.
“Thousands”, I said. He fit between my legs. “Crochet, dice, bingo, chess...”
“Chess is cool”, he leaned closer, supporting himself on the mattress by his hands. 
My hands went down to the hem of his pants and I opened the button.
“Do you want to stop this now and play chess?”
A deep, husky laugh echoed in his chest. 
“Not at all.” 
Then he leaned over and after that the only sounds that came out of my mouth were no longer, understandable or reasonable words. 

Chapter 49
Samuel had his back to me, taking off his folded clothes on the mattress and putting them in the suitcase. I rested my arm on the doorframe and watched him for a moment. His movements were slow and he looked upset, as if he wanted to be doing anything but that.
The bedroom curtains were open, completely illuminating the room where we had practically lived the day before. The two single beds were separated, the pillowcases and pillows arranged on the mattress. It was as if we had never been there.
I had managed to convince my grandparents to go to church at night. Half an hour ago, I told them I needed to go to the supermarket. My grandmother loved the idea and immediately gave me a shopping list. I took the list and left the house with a wave. It was a fair price to pay to see Samuel for the last time.
Samuel put the last piece of clothing in the suitcase and raised his head. 
“Were you able to sleep that night?”, I asked, walking towards him.
Samuel didn't even move, he knew I was there all the time. He closed the suitcase and zipped it up.
“What time did you leave?”, he asked, turning to me.
“Around ten.”
“I woke up about two hours later.” 
I sighed. 
“It's okay, Lydia. I managed to sleep later.”
I raised my eyebrows. 
“Sleep well?”
He made a face. Fuck. I had done everything to get dressed and leave the room without waking him up. The corner of Samuel's lips lifted upward and he held his arms out to me. I approached and hugged him around the waist.
“You look adorable when you're worried about me”, he said, wrapping his arms around my shoulders, pulling me closer.
“What if you crash the car?”, I snuggled into his chest, breathing in his scent.
“I'm not going to crash the car.”
“You didn't sleep well.”
“I got enough sleep.”
“You need to call me as soon as you get there.”
“Done.” 
He pulled away to face me. 
“What now?”, I asked, loosening my arms around him.
“I need to go in an hour.” 
“Have you had breakfast?”
“I think I will need to eat again, I will drive for four hours straight before I stop.”
I released him, but intertwined our fingers.
“Come on then, I'll pay.” 
“You don't have to.” 
“I'll use the money you bet with me at the supermarket.” 
He narrowed his eyes, as if he had no idea what I was talking about.
“Oh! Wow! I didn't even remember that.”
“I just remembered last night, come on.” 
With his free hand, he took the suitcase and we walked to the first floor. The dreadlock boy was the only one there, waiting for us. Samuel thanked him, paid cash and returned the room key. With nods and grateful smiles, we left the building.
Samuel just let go of my hand to stick the suitcase in the car. He closed the door, and went back to my side, pressing the button on the car control, so that the doors locked with a low noise. He offered his hand to me again and I took it.
“Do you think that from now on we will be able to be friends?”, I asked when we started to walk away, looking at the republic for the last time. I would never forget the memories we created in that room the day before.
“Yes, but not that friendly”, Samuel said. 
I smiled and looked away from him. His smile reached his eyes, which looked at me as if they were memorizing my features.
“Friends can hook up too”, I said, wrapping my arm around his and regretting it instantly.
I noticed by the arch of Samuel's eyebrow that he had also remembered Flavia. 
“Not if they already dated”, Samuel said, making me smile, relieved. 
In silence, we enter a cafeteria. Samuel took a large piece of pie and a glass of juice and I settled for a chease bread. I needed to have an empty stomach enough to have lunch with my grandparents later. I wasn't ready to part with Samuel yet, so we sat side by side at a table with a sofa.
“If you get serious with someone I need you to let me know. I don't want to find out by third parties. It has to be you”, I said, before shoving the last piece of cheese bread into my mouth.
“Same. And I don't want to know about your experiences with any other guy, unless you need me”, he swallowed the last piece of pie. Then he narrowed his eyes. “If you need to be comforted and etc., I do not participate in threesomes.”
I laughed. 
“Same.”
“I think this is the least break up looking break up I've ever had in my life”, Samuel dropped his fork on the table and wrapped his arm around my shoulders. 
“I only have one relationship to compare, but I agree.”
“You'll have others soon”, he said, looking at me seriously. “You have no idea how much I hate to say it.”
“I also don't like to think of you with other people, but...”
“You deserve more than I can give you today”, Samuel said. 
“I don't want to limit you either. This long-distance relationship thing...”
“Secret and long-distance...”
“It sounds like a nightmare.” 
He nodded, brushing a strand out of my hair.
“And it is”, he said.
Samuel brought his face close to mine until our noses brushed each other. My eyelids weighed with the proximity.
“I really want you to come back to me, Lydia.” 
I lost my breath, my heart pounding painfully in my chest. I felt unable to not return the feeling. We had been together for such a short time, how could the separation already hurt so much?
“I also want you to be happy”, he said, stepping back slightly to face me, sliding his free hand over my face. “It's like I need that to breathe.”
“I also want you to be happy”, I said, my voice a little choked. I swallowed, my eyes watering. “Even if it's not with me.”
“Is it too wrong for me to want your happiness even if it isn't with me, but at the same time not wanting it to not be with me?”, he murmured, anguish in his eyes.
A shaky laugh escaped my throat. 
“Do you know what's the worst part? Even if we chose to stay together right now, we would still have to separate.”
Sustaining my gaze, he shook his head slightly and laughed.
“I never thought I would be living the story of a poorly written novel.”
I laughed out loud. A cell phone started to ring, and Samuel stepped away to take the call.
“My dad”, said, before taking the phone up to his ear.
“I'm going to go pay”, I said, letting go of his arms. 
He nodded before turning his attention back to the call. 
“Hi, Dad”, he said.
I got up and walked over to the counter. When I finished paying, Samuel was already on his feet, waiting for me, the phone still on his ear. I walked over and he took my hand.
“Actually, she's here by my side”, he said to his father, glancing at me as we left the store. 
Maybe I shouldn't have paid attention to the conversation, but I did. 
“I know. Yes I know. I got it. Tomorrow I have class, I can't. Oh, hi, mom. Mom ... Yes. Yes, I know. I will be all right. I’ve eaten. I'll go slowly. I promise. I love you too, mom. Put my dad on the line. Dad, hi, I'll be there before dark. Love you too. I promise.”
The call ended and Samuel put the phone away just as we got to the car. He turned to face me and linked our hands.
“What now? Is this the end?”, I asked.
Samuel sighed.
“You and your habit of thinking that things will end. You promised not to disappear, remember?”
“You also promised.” 
“Um, let me see. Disappear from the life of an ex girlfriend that I’m not over. Yeah, it doesn't sound like me.”
I laughed and wrapped my arms around his waist. He hugged me tight by the shoulders, sticking his nose into my neck. In his arms, I relived every second of the past two days. The flowers I received in the classroom, the note in them, Samuel wearing sunglasses, waving at me in the parking lot of my University, the tiny room full of memories...
“That was the best birthday of my life”, I murmured, my lips against his neck. 
Samuel just hugged me tighter. 
“I don't think I can say the l word”, he murmured, his lips practically against my ear. “But I want you to know that's what I'm feeling.”
I sighed, immediately remembering the conversation I had with Rafa on the farm. 
“I don't love Samuel”, I said.
“But you could”, Rafa replied. “Loving Samuel is not difficult.”
When would Rafa being right would stop being so painful?
I loosened the grip on my arms around Samuel's waist. His eyes met mine and I leaned over. The shock of our mouths made me close my eyes. Like thousands of other times before, our breaths synchronized. Samuel's lips parted over mine, warm, reverent, intense; creeping every inch of my body.
At great cost, I walked away first. Samuel's arms released me. Sustaining my gaze, he took a step back, swallowing hard.
“Try to finish reading fast”, I said. 
Samuel blinked, as if I had suddenly begun to speak Greek.
“The book you got from Angela Davis. Try to finish it quickly. I want it back this semester.”
Slowly, his lips grew into a beautiful smile that reached his eyes. 
“I'll do my best”, he said. “I saved the place’s number. I will schedule it next time.”
I smiled. 
“Make sure to ask for the same room.”
His eyes lit up. 
“No other will do.” 
Slowly, my smile softened. Looking down at the car control in his hands, Samuel pushed a button and the car doors clicked before they opened. He came around and opened the driver's door. I thought he was going to get in the car without looking at me one last time, but he looked up.
My heart sped up as it always did when our eyes met. The last time I said goodbye to him, in a decaying toilet at the bus station, I remember thinking about saying a “goodbye”, but for some reason, at the time it seemed wrong.
Now, although we agreed that our paths were separated, and silently imagined that distance and time would make us forget each other, or at least move on, it still seemed wrong. 
“Have a nice trip, Samuel.” 
The last time, he was the one who had said those words. Samuel seemed to remember. Still holding my gaze, he opened the car door wide.
“See you, Lydia.”
And then, without looking at me again, Samuel sat in the driver's seat and closed the door. It felt like my heart was being ripped out of my chest as I watched his car start and pull away, until it was just a speck on the road.

Chapter 50
I put the grocery bags on the floor before tiptoeing to reach the building's intercom. 
“It's me”, I said, when a low noise resounded over the phone, signaling that someone had heard. 
It was probably him, because the door was opened immediately. I picked up the bags and walked in the opposite direction, sitting on the edge of the sidewalk. Conrado appeared minutes later, carrying my bouquet of roses. He closed the gate with his free hand.
“What made you change your mind about the flowers?”, he asked, sitting next to me on the sidewalk.
I picked up the bouquet. The stem was wet, indicating that Conrado had placed the flowers in a jar of water. The red of the roses was still as intense and beautiful as on Friday.
“I'll tell my grandma that I bought it for her”, I said, my fingers lightly brushing the petals. 
“He's gone?”
Slowly, I nodded.
“And how will it be from now on?”
“We’re done.”
It made him narrow his eyes at me. I turned to face him.
“And why don't you look worried? Or sad?”
It’s better to expect the worst and be positively surprised than expect the best and be disappointed. That's how I thought before I met Samuel. However, for some reason, the sentence didn’t feel right when I thought about it now.
I looked at the flowers. I remembered Samuel right away; the smile that reached his narrow eyes, the times that we got involved, the hands that knew how to drive me crazy, the times that our bodies talked without a single sound being uttered from our mouths besides moans and pleas.
People split up and chose different paths all the time. It was inevitable. But time and distance had matured me and made me run back to my sister. In that case, it helped. Perhaps with Samuel it would too. I hoped so.
“Because I know it's not over yet”, I finally replied.
“Does that mean you are not ready for single life?”, Conrado asked.
I smiled. My heart still ached when I remembered Samuel, but I believed there was a trajectory that I would need to complete on my own.
“I'm more than ready.”

Do you like the book?

Talk to the author!
Instagram: @iamemvalentim
(https://www.instagram.com/emvalentim/) 
Twitter: @iamemvalentim
(https://twitter.com/iamemvalentim)
Tumblr: @iamemvalentim 
(https://emvalentim.tumblr.com/)

Illustratore: @arteliedesigns
(https://arteliedesign.tumblr.com/)

Leave a review <3

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This book was born out of my desire to deliver a Samuel to every incredible woman who has not yet had a complete, whole, special relationship in her own way and with the commitment of both parties. Dear readers, you are amazing on your own and you don't need anyone to validate that. I hope this book reminds you of that.
Without a doubt, the first thanks should go to the first reader of this book: Amanda. Not only for being the first to finish, but also for grammatically correcting me, making sincere criticisms, identifying with the characters, crying with the story, loving the ending and being proud of me. You said that I should feel special for writing the first book you read in one day. I do. Now I want you to feel special for being the first mentioned.
To Ana Luiza, not only for being the second to finish, but for having spent the night reading this book when she had scheduled just a few minutes of her time. I must also thank you for the more than twenty spelling mistakes that you helped me find. One day the roles will be reversed and I will personally check the Portuguese errors in your book.
My greatest thanks to my sister. You deserved more prominence than you will get in this book, but I am leaving it to one of the upcoming ones (the one you want me to end desperately, but I haven't done yet). In the meantime, I thank you for this one, mainly because you were the first to hear the idea (as always) and hate it (as usual). I love you. You were one of the biggest inspirations for this book and I couldn't put into words how valuable every sincere compliment or criticism that comes out of your mouth is. Thank you for cheering me up when I told you that the last chapter was over. Thank you for loving the book. Thank you for taking care of it’s English translation. Thank you for your support.
The file for this book was created on June 29, 2020. I wrote chapter 50 on August 10 of the same year. My first book. Completed in exactly 43 days. I don't think I can express in words the size of my excitement, but if you've made it this far, dear reader, you must have an idea.
